user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197999529427,Not Recommended,276810,19258504,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Stübi Senpai,"I was torn on wether I wanted to put down a negative or positive recommendation. It's still kinda sad there's no neutral variant.The game has a solid foundation, and nails the atmosphere / Design a Warhammer Game like this should have. Also, to the Developers Credit, the game has gotten very far from the days back when it was just a Tutorial and some skirmishing (I bought it a long time ago in Early Access). The Warbands are varied, and developing characters and building your Warband is interesting. I wanted to get this stuff out of the way first, beefore I go into the bad traits.What holds Mordheim back massively in my opinion, and the main reason I cant reccomend it, is the sheer number of rough edges and weird design decisions, a lot of them taken not long before release. Let's start with the major ones:The Difficulty. A lot of people say the game is hard, unforgiving, challenging. In truth, it just has a steep learning curve, before turning into a failry easy game with some major random spikes in difficulty. Let's not mince words, the AI is stupid. Really, really stupid. This by itself would not be an issue, it's incredibly hard to design even a half decent AI for a system like this. The problem is the way the Dev's are trying to compensate for it. The game basically works with a handicap system. Enemy Ai Warbands will ALLWAYS be superior to yours. More hp, higher Stats etc. The Difficulty of a mission decides how high the difference in strength will be. So in Normal they are just a bit stronger, while in Deadly you are clearly fighting a superior foe, who will absolutely ruin your day in a fair fight.While this sounds unwinnable on paper, in practice, it's actually childishly easy to just set up fight at chokepoints, in buildings or just on Elevation, and then slowly drop the enemy one by one. As your Warband raises in Level, this becomes progressively easier, since your Guys actually become more and more decent at the specific thing you build them for. While the AI stays it's usual, dumb self. You will reach a point where everything but Brutal or Deadly seems like a waste of time. And even those are, as I said, just slightly harder as long as you play it safe.In short, the game will seem hard at first. Unfair even. But as soon as you get even a basic grasp of the mechanics, the AI and building your guys, it falls apart and becomes almost too easy.That is until you get hit by the RNG of course. There are quite a few mechanics implemented solely for the purpose of ruining your day, showering the AI with even more advantages, and reinforcing the ""Hardcore"" feeling the game likes so much.Firstly, there are ambushes. There is a chance (10% last I checked) on taking each mission, that you get an ambush Event. Basically the one doing the ambushing starts out with all his guys in a offensive Stance (Ambush for Melee, Overwatch for Ranged), while the one that got ambushed get's quite a few penalties (Less chance to hit, for example). As if that wasnt enough, the Deyploment is usualy set up in a way where the ambushers are set up very near or outright next to their enemies.It's completely possible, if your Warband is not built for high Initative, to get ambushed by a highspeed Skaven Warband and loose 1-3 guy before you even get to act ONCE.There is no strategy to this. There is no way for you to properly react to it when you get ambushed, beyond praying to Nuffle that you'll get lucky in that first turn. On the other hand, getting to ambush the AI basically means a free win, which feels cheap and unsatisfying.Then we have Demons. To give the game credit, they do not appear in early game and only on Brutal or above. But they add another, unnecessary, easily abused factor to the game. They are very strong. Having a ton of hp, a lot of attacks, and high damage. They usually home in on the first guy they see. So usually, it's actually fairly easy to wait for the AI to just run into them and then enjoy your free win. Ironically, they cannot climb. So just hiding up in a building and waiting until the victory screen pops up is a frequent thing. On the other hand, if you get unlucky in deyploment, running into one is almost certainly a death sentence. Don't get me wrong, you CAN kill them. But you will NOT be in shape for another fight, especially on Deadly.Next, we have the different Warbands, and how they're built. Chaos Warbands are nigh unplayable right now, due to random mutations. Imagine you buying a mutant. Imagine you get lucky and you get a blue bow early on. Great, I wanna build a ranged guy! Cool, he got clawed Feet on Level 1! Now he's faster! Then you hit Level 5. And his arm mutates. He can not use ranged weapons now. Oh you invested all his points into Ballistic Skill? Well too bad. Throw him out. Then you have melee guys who get a thousand eyes. Now they cant wear armor anymore! You built him for tanking? Well up yours and your silly tactics! Buy a new one!It's arbitary, there is no system to it, and it will frustrate you to the point where after the sixth time you had to throw out a high level guy, you're just not gonna play them anymore.Finally, and probably the ""least"" offensive, is the UI, loading screens, and bugs. Some of the information is hidden behind 3 different windows, and there is NO way to customize any of it. Everytime you wanna look up something, calculate your next move or just flat out inform yourself about the guys you're fighting, it involves annoying clicks, searching through 4 different menus until you finally find what you're looking for. Deployment does not allow you to jsut click on the spot on the map, you have to cycle trough each deployment point manually. Some maps have what feels like 50 deyploment points. Imagine how fun it is to cycle trough each with EACH of your guys. 10 man Warbands? The fun is here!There was also an announcer added with the release. The general announcer sounds like a random dude, let's call him Jeff, they pulled out of an office to announce EVERY BLODDY THING you do. Gotta collect 10 Wyrdstones? Don't worry, he will ""update"" you on it EVERYTIME you pick up one! The voice is not even cool, it's not a cool evil voice like you'd have in Dungeon Keeper, or War for the Overworld. It's just a boring, regular guy. You got the atmosphere down on the other stuff, why suddenly slack off here?Bugwise, it's a lot better than it was in earlier versions. But there are still random things that should not be acceptable in a full release. The ai will sometimes randomly engage and diesengage people it isn't supposed or get stuck (Usually on staircases). Some doorways and holes cant be entered from one side, but from the other side they can. The game feels like having rough edges, that should definetely have been fixed in EA before coming out proper.Now, if the above is looked at, changed, or adjusted, this game will get a big fat blue thumb from me RIGHT AWAY. The foundation is there, the game can and will be fun for you, if you can get past all that. But IF they fix it, it's gonna be even better. Fantastic even."
76561198111892548,Recommended,276810,24416158,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dembo,"NOTE: if you consider yourself as strictly casual player please read the last paragraphs and better pass on this one.This game should seriously be named City Of Slaanesh cause playing it feels like constantly cutting your wrists, or being kicked in the balls... but for some weird reason you quite enjoy that and want more.It's hard, it does not forgive mistakes but it actually feels really good when you acheve something.And don't look at all these posts complaining about the RNG (random number generator)... well, its random! Clue is in the name.There are few things that made me love Mordheim:+ Great warhammer feel, no knights in shining armours or single characters chopping hordes of your enemies in one strike. The world is grim, sad and constantly you lose something - your warriors became decapitated, weakend or start loosing their mind. Dark fantasy done right.+ As for almost every warhammer game I've encountered so far audio is superb! Especially for skavens, but the narrator's voice - can't stand this guy.+ Amazing customization, tons of skills and attributes to choose from, which gives lots of possibilities in developing warband members to your specific needs.+ Mordheim as a battleground has been created perfectly. It certainly gives good WH feel and offers various tactical advantages/disadvantages, traps, random loot etc. Sadly that most of the time you cannot fully use it because AI will blindly rush you head on.+DLC's came out after a while and are not ripped away parts of an original game, or some overpowered aspects for multiplayer which seems to be rarity in these days, lol. It's just the additional content for players that like the game and want to have something extra - nothing fancy, nothing too bad.Although all i just said I can understand many people disliking the game, here are the reasons why:- AI is terrible, but on the other hand I understand that you cannot simply create challenging AI for a game like this (which highly depend on tactical gameplay) without giving it some advantages. Yet still it sometimes makes me flip the table when your opponent is simply rushing you straight forward, when there's whole crapload of wyrdstone winking at you... bloody irritating.- There's no save button, one huge mistake or series of bad luck can sometimes cost you the whole game (imagine spending 40+ hrs on a single warband).- It will cost you many warbands to actually learn how to properly play the came and counter your enemies, but when you do it becomes fairly easy, if RNG wont strike you in the face that is.All that said, there's one big issue I have with the game and that's your progress in the single player campaign. The thing is, if you consider yourself as a casual player you wont even probably make it through chapter one. Why? Mordheim is reaaaaaaaly time consuming, and without any way to somehow secure your progress an unfortunate stike of RNG can end your journey easly. If you want to play this game from time to time, to kill boredom and chill out please, please run away and never look back. I'm pretty damn stoic when it gets to videogames but this one... oh, it made me scream, belive me.In my opinion there should be an option for strictly casual players to have their ONLY single player restricted warband that you can save ... dunno... at least every at chapter you go through. Not having that simply takes away a lot of potential customers from the game, so why not allowing them to enjoy it and give the devs sum more $$?Thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,276810,32668120,Posted: 22 June,all,Ranylyn,"Disclaimers: First off, my gametime is misleading, since Steam only clocks hours while connected to the internet. I lost the internet for several months awhile back, so my actual playtime is probably closer to 150-200 hours than my listed 70. As well, my computer is not particularly powerful, and as such, I need to play on ultra-low settings. If you care about graphics, I advise you find another review to satisfy your curiosity.Mordheim isn't for everyone. Not everyone wants to calculate risk management versus potential reward. Not everyone wants a game they can't just breeze through. And that's fine. However, Mordheim is about that risk management, and people who don't want that can save their money by looking elsewhere.In Mordheim, like most difficult games, knowledge is power. You may lose repeatedly early on as you ease into things, but once you understand the game, it is highly addicting. While I disagree with the notion of ""git gud"" (as I personally find it highly elitist and dismissive, a slap in the face to people who could otherwise become valued members of the community if people offered actual advice instead of acting like they have a superiority complex) I highly recommend you disregard any reviews with only 3-10 hours that whine about the difficulty, and instead consider the following:Most of the time, if something bad happens in Mordheim, it is your fault. If your warband started scattered and your lone unit got ganked before you could get help over there, ask yourself ""Why did I select the mission where it said warbands would start scattered? Why did I not pick the one where units deploy near the wagons?"" If one of your mages takes 9999 damage from a spell gone wrong, ask yourself ""Did I mitigate the risk by using a staff or equivalent weapon? Did I cast repeatedly, thus increasing the odds of each subsequent cast being disastrous for me by a further 15%, and the game literally shows you the number increasing each time so there's no excuse for not noticing?""Pros:- Great SRPG combat, complete with stances and utility actions like climbing, and a 3rd person perspective similar to games like Valkyria Chronicles, Lost Dimension, Natural Doctrine, and the like. Terrain makes a critical impact in battle, and not just in positioning, but it affects the game right down to the combat rolls, with ranged attacks being affected by cover (how much terrain obstructs the shot; there's no mechanic to actually take cover) and height difference. There's also seperate point pools for tactical actions (Movement, reloading, dodge stance, etc) and attack actions (Charge, Overwatch Stance, Ambush Stance, spells, and so on) with some actions, such as switching weapons or carefully aiming shots, using points from both pools.- Four vanilla warbands (+2 DLC warbands) bring numerous playstyles to the table. The Sisters of Sigmar, for example, are basically an army of Paladins and Rogues if you break them down into RPG archetypes, without access to archers until they gain enough reputation to hire mercenary marksmen. The Skaven, on the other hand, are poison and ambush specialists: Frail, but sneaky and hard to pin down in the hands of a good player.- Character Customization: You can change the name and appearance of every last unit you hire. Some units can't be customized very much, but being able to select a unified color scheme for the warband, at least, is a nice touch.- The permanent injury system is more merciful than a lot of games with immediate permadeath if someone is defeated. This gives individual members character, and makes you think back to the time they sacrificed themselves to hold a daemon off while the others completed their mission. It may make amazing characters useless if they get a crippling injury, such as if an archer loses an arm, but it adds so much character to your roster, I can't even express how neat it is.- Multiple Multiplayer modes, including friendly spars and fights with full consequences as if it was a campaign mode battle. Having an option for the casual battles and the hardcore scraps for keeps is very welcome.- Enemy AI warbands are scaled to you: If you only bring 2 henchmen instead of a full 5, so will they. If you don't field an Impressive, neither will they. It prevents you from being completely SOL if you find yourself in a tight spot, like if you have an impending shipment request deadline and can't take time for everyone to recover from injuries.- The music is atmospheric and really captures the mood: Not knowing what's around the corner, but knowing that you could be fighting for your life at any moment. The music remains unchanging even when your units are engaged in battle, because not being in battle isn't even really any safer.Cons:- It's pretty resource intensive, so it won't run on lower end machines very well. This isn't an issue if you have an amazing rig, but is worth noting for people on machines that are a few years old and were only okay at the time.- The permanent injuries can be stressful. It's not for everyone. I, myself, have had absolutely key members of my warbands completely ruined by one bad mission, like a mage becoming megalomanic (Can't use ranged weapons/ spells become more expensive to cast) or an MVP gunslinger losing an arm. The feeling of losing a ton of souls in Dark Souls just can't compare to the despair of a fight going south and dreading what awaits at the end.- The tutorials, while good, are tucked away in the main menu and only teach you on a turn by turn basis, jumping from one thing to the next. Having a tutorial-assisted first few campaign missions for first timers may have helped people remember these lessons. From what I understand, most people jump right in without even looking at them.- The maps themselves are largely kind of samey. While there's variety in story missions, the bulk of campaign battles take place in maps like Merchant Quarter 2 Noble Quarter 3 which are all so similar. Yes, the layouts are different, but variery in the overall aesthetic might have been nice.- I wish there were more customization options. For example, I'm not a fan of the hoods worn by the cultists, but I'm stuck with them on the Magistrate and Brethren. I'm also not a fan of the Witch Hunter hats. Or the head thing worn by the Matriarch when equipped with a helmet. You get the idea. More variety would be nice.- I swear the AI knows your objectives and trolls you. Oh, you need to claim this character's trinket as proof of defeating them? Expect the AI to hold them back so you can't get them before they rout, the battle ending with your objective left incomplete. While there's no penalty for failing these, the rewards for completing them are very nice, and being able to complete them more reliably might be nice.Overall? Mordheim is a great experience, albeit one that can only be truly enjoyed by apecific subsets of gamers. I wouldn't expect it to ever garner mass market appeal and become mainstream, nor would I want it to."
76561198025562949,Recommended,276810,19189753,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,uddhava,"Hi all,I will present this review in different segments depending on if you are:1) a GW fanatic and preferably familiar with the Mordheim Tabletop game. (GWF)2) A general fantasy/tactics lover (GFTL)3) everyone else (EE)First the TL:DR version:1) a GW fanatic and preferably familiar with the Mordheim Tabletop game. (GWF)You have been waiting for this game since the first time you critted the Ogre mercenary. It's here. Go buy it. Oh wait, its not a straight conversion like BB? Hmmm. Well then have a look below to see if this adaptation is for you. Yes there are some bugs and yes the AI is not great, but this is meant to be played vs friends anyway right?2) A general fantasy/tactics lover (GFTL)If you like levelling units, creating a unique warband in a medievalesque, semifantasy setting where death lurks around every corner, where every conseqence is final (no re-doing ANYTHING) in a turnbased environment that you can play vs the AI or vs a friend online, then this might be for you. If you do not like permadeath and rather be able to reload a battle until you get that perfect win: stay away.3) everyone else (EE)Well actually see 2. You wouldnt be reading this if you were looking for a great footballmanager now would you? :)See below for a more detailed description. Use ctrl-f to quickly find your part.1) If you are  a GW fanatic and familiar with the TT version. (GWF)I'm betting you have been waiting for a vid adaptation of TT for ages. Well here it is. So go get it. I'm thinking for you the most important question is:Is this Mordheim?The answer is both yes and no. (isnt that great ;) ).No because this is NOT a straight conversion (Like BB for instance). Some mechanics have been changed, see below.Yes because this is indeed the city of Mordheim and how you always wanted it to look.Yes, because in essence its about levelling units, gathering wyrdstone.Yes because its unforgiving, no turning back, no savescumming, no redo if you pick a wrong skill. This can be frustrating but never more so than in the original because there progression was basically random (yeah! +1 Initiative for my skaven assassin, woot woot! Not).So whats different, whats the same?Main similarities are:-turnbased mechanic-injuries and levelling-climbing-charging-critical hits-wyrdstone gathering/selling-most weapons of the TT are in-and some skills.-there is RNG ('dicerolls')-psychologyMain differences:-the turn-bases system is unit-, not warband based (so units alternate turns according to an initiative ladder instead of complete warbands ).-the skillset has been changed with many new skills, some familiar but many that are new.-there are a lot more stats which have a lot higher thresholds.-dodge is no longer a 'skill' (like sidestep) but together with parry, overwatch and ambush are selectable stances that finish a units turn (and activate when a unit is in range or attacks).-warband rosters have been changed around a little to make them more similar.-stuff like fear and terror behave differently from the TT etc.-There is an action pool for movement and reloading and such, another one for attacks and spells and such.-There are no wounds but each unit has a health bar, and thus units damage for health not wounds.-Deployment is not the same as in the TT as the nodes you can deploy in a are predefined.You might not like all the changes they've made to the game. For me, in the end, the similarities outweight the changes which I see as an attempt to recreate the game for a vritual medium.Again, if you like GW and like(d) the TT this is a must-have. Watch some lets-plays if you are unsure about the new ruleset.2) If you are a general fantasy/tactics lover. (GFTL)Then you don't really care much about the comparison with the TT because you never played it. You know the GW universe perhaps but have never been into their miniature games. However, if you do like fantasy stuff then the setting of this game will appeal to you. There are ratmen, there are horribly mutated creatures, regular mercs, and some crazy nuns with hammers. Sounds good? Read on.This game is basically an X-com type game. Units take turns on a map, that represents a district in the city of Mordheim, a Medievalesque city that has been hit by a meteor so its somewhat in shambles. You and your band are there to gather fragments of this meteor (called wyrdstone). Since the meteor hit however the City of Mordheim has become somewhat unpleasant.So what are some features of this game?-procedural maps that retain their basic layout (street here, square there) but are different each time, (hey last time this building was still standing now its gone/missing the topfloor/completely ruined etc.) creating new routes, blockades etc. each time you play.-customizable units (appearance and playstyle).-many many skills.-units progress and become better or get hurt and die.-non-obligatory story missions-four warbands with distinct playing style. UPDATE: with the current DLC there are six warbands, the two new warbands will also appear as adversaries without the DLC. There are also four new heroes, two for each side: Order and Destruction.-MP play possible (but limited in its options, i.e. no matchmaking or rankings or whatever).-variety of weapons, spells and units to equip, level and master.-Difficulty: I think its important to note this from the get-go. This game is not easy, esp if you are a newcomer. RNG mechanics seem to favor the AI (as they always seem to do :) ), your captain can go Out of Action (OOA) during the match by failing three 80% parry chances and end up post-match losing his leg, being megalomaniac or worse, plain dead. As in terminaly, no turning back, no re-loading dead. And he just turned level 6. And now he's dead. Get the picture? If you are hoping for an easy game stay away, because you will ragequit so often you'll develop haemerroids. The next point ties in with this.-alt-f4 is punished. If you, for any reason abort the game, the engine will treat it as if you ran away from battle and all your units are considered to have gone OOA. This means they all get to roll for injuries. This could mean your warband is crippled and its startover time. Is there no save? Well offc there is. But you can't reload it to 're-do' something. If you mess up and charge a deamon with your level 1 youngblood and he's dead, he's dead, and he stays dead. No turning back.So let's say that you like all this? Anything else? Well yes. While the game might be difficult because of how it works, the AI is not very, you know, smart. In fact, given some practice, you will be able to defeat the AI on the hardest missions unless you are unlucky with your deployment. On higher difficulty missions the AI gets a health and damage boost and that goes a long way to increase the challenge. But if you are looking for a really hardcore challenge in tactical terms you need to play online because the AI will not deliver.Also, the story missions can be a bit of a chore sometimes, but hey, they are optional, so the game doesn't force these on you.But still, even with an AI thats not perfect (and let's face it, in which complicated game is the AI ever perfect? Total War, I'm looking at you, you money-receiving, morale boosted, stackbuilding, mapsitting incompentent!) this game is many hours of absolute fun. The maps are beautifully created with lots of attention to detail and winning matches can be exhilarating. Especially online where they are butt-clinching, sweat-drenching affairs."
,Not Recommended,276810,13967812,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Captain Crowbar,"For anyone looking for a faithful replication of the boardgame: keep waiting/look elsewhere.While the graphics are nice (they have done a good job of making it LOOK like Mordheim), the gameplay is tied to a clunky UI and control scheme that the developers are very attached to and they won't consider changing.The game is clearly built around a controller being the primary input device: in-game menus and the UI cannot be controlled via mouse cursor but instead use a right and left click for up/down/forward/back through UI elements. There are no mouseovers and feedback from the UI is very poor as a result.Each unit plays their turn in initiative order. All unit control is done from a 3rd person/over the shoulder perspective when it is that unit's ""turn"", using WASD/Controller to move the unit in realtime around the point at which they started, up to a certain distance depending on that unit's stats.There is a tactical overview map which can be brought up. Unfortunately, due to some fairly arbitrary reasoning: you cannot control any of your units from this tactical view like in other strategy games. I feel as a result the game suffers quite a lot. The developers have confirmed that this will not change.The choice of inital mercenary bands is disappointing. All empire mercs are now lumped into a single faction (no Reiklanders, Middenheimers or Marienburgers).I am very disappointed I bought this game, and would urge anyone considering a purchase to wait for a demo to be available to be able to give the game a try before fronting up any cash.Update:To be fair to the devs, since I wrote this review they have started a thread asking for ideas to improve the mouse and keyboard controls:http://steamcommunity.com/app/276810/discussions/3/606068060820913464/Unless some really dramatic changes come out of this however, I don't see my opinion changing."
76561197986780274,Not Recommended,276810,19698079,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,jonzes,"This game is about carefully grinding up your warband and honing them into perfect killing machines over many, many hours then having all of your heroes get permanant wounds from a single fight because you missed 5 95% shots in a row and the enemy critted on every single swing they took.  They are then replaced by level 0 punks who are immediately targeted by the enemy and killed in two shots in every fight making it impossible to level them up again.  It is highly repetetive and slow.  The AI does not change it's strategy in any way, ever.  Whatever the goal of the mission they will rush you and try to inflict permentant wounds without any other goal or concern for its own troops because it's squads are randomly generated and not presistant.  Occasionally it is exciting, but it is the excitement of gambling, only good when you happen to beat the odds.There is a good game here, buried under bad decisions based on apeing the boardgame and making things as grindy as humanly possible and providing no 'endgame' to that grind besides killing your units so you can start over again at a significant disadvantage.  ""but the point is to fail and then start over!""  if so, it is poorly designed because starting over is a vastly painful waste of time."
76561197980445116,Recommended,276810,13020372,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,OverdoneSteakDinner,"If you're considering this game, do yourself a favor and get it.  This is what a Games Workshop adaptation done right looks like!With more than 70 hours of play time under my belt, I'm still just as captivated by the game.  The tactical combat is serious fun and easy to pick up but just keeps getting deeper as you learn and progress.  The persistant warband progression features a huge skill tree to customize your units and both permadeath and persistant injury to keep things tense.  The four factions (Human Mercenaries, Skaven, Chaos and Sisters of Battle) are nicely varied, asymetrical and can be sucessfully adapted to different tactics.  Battles are filled with meaningfull tactical decisions where positioning, timing, equipment and skill set all matter.  Each trip back into Mordheim still feels like an exciting, high stakes risk.---Original Early Access Review Below---Having just finished my first Early Access skirmish, the first thing I wanted to do was come here and report that it's exactly what I was hoping for.   The game systems remind me of my favorite things from Firaxis XCOM and Valkyria Chronicles, and it's easy to tell the developers care about the GW source material.  The first Early Access version only includes a small slice of the game, but it's already possible to play a fun skirmish, and there is a ton of potential here once persistance and progression are added.Three thumbs up (Three? Blame Tzeentch..) for a good looking, faithful, and most importantly, fun Mordheim adaption."
76561197983036060,Recommended,276810,19991091,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mash,"I know the feelings about this game are very mixed but as far as I am concerned it is perfect. The difficulty is the kind of unfair that requires you to think about every move you make, even one attempt to cut a corner and you're punished severely.I've played a fair bit now and from the negative reviews I've read alot of people seem to dislike the hardcore nature of the game. I can appreciate why but I don't think anyone was ever mislead about how difficult this game would be or the penalties your units face for going out of action in a mission. This is almost a roguelike RTS, the best thing about this game is that you use the environment as part of your strategy to out manouvre the far superior enemy, lock them down and beat them into nothing.At the start of this game everything is a struggle, in the middle of this game everything is a struggle, and the nature of this game is that you will eventually lose. At the beginning you will be strapped for resources and struggle to meet demands, but after a while you will be strong enough to use key warband members to cover small areas while your fastest guys rush to get what you need before diving back into the fight. You do slowly build up breathing room as you go on but its only ever really enough to cover the losses you suffer since the further you get in the more devastating each loss gets.To close I will tell you the story of one of my favourite troops, the troop that really got me attached to the game. This is the story of Stumpy. Stumpy wasn't always called Stumpy he used to be called Lushkin Var but that only lasted a few weeks. Stumpy was just a normal Verminkin with a simple goal, not die horribly anytime soon or suffer an injury that leads to a name change. Sadly this is Mordheim so that was always going to be based on a wing and a prayer.Stumpy served the warband well, he was fast and efficient and gathered much wardstone but one day he got carried way and over extended against the dreaded Possessed and was cornered by two Brethren and a Chaos Spawn. Stumpy was mangled before he could even fight back and although the battle was won by his side Stumpy lost an arm and from that point on he was Stumpy. Stumpy used to be a halberd user, all his stats and skills were based on this and at level 7 at the point of losing his arm this effectively made him not as good as he could be, (I know alot of people like to call a troop useless at this point but the truth is they are not useless, they are just not optimal which is not the same thing, and the fact that makes you give up on your troops is appalling its your fault they end up this way anyway). So the newly made Stumpy picked up a sword and bided his time till he recovered from his injuries.Once Stumpy got back on the battle field he was kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names, with 20% less body for the enemy to hit he suddenly had a massive advantage in terms of 20% more dodge. He'd take anyone on head to head with almost a suicidal recklessness, alas after months and months of being the back bone of my fighting force he eventually got cornered in an abandonned building by the dreaded Possessed heavy line up. Unable to beat them in a fair fight he tried to run out but the only exit to the building available to him was the attic, and to get to it a climb was required. With only one arm Stumpy was trapped, he could not escape and had only one choice, fight for his life. Stumpy did the only thing he could and stood at the top of the stairs forcing the enemy to engage him one at a time.Stumpy fought hard and took out two of the dreaded possessed before the unthinkable happened, a Dark Soul jumped into the room through the attic Stumpy had hoped to escape from with an enemy on both sides and not chance to disengage of room to flee just to buy time Stumpy failed his All Alone Test on the next turn. He failed it soo badly he tried to flee and the first free attack from the Dark Soul stunned him,  he was a sitting duck and because of this he was taken out.As the rest of my warband mopped the enemies up and broke through the ones stopping them from helping Stumpy the battled ended with us winning, but sadly Stumpy suffered the dreaded permanent death. He was gone forever, I was devastated, like I had to make a cup of tea and watch TV for a bit. It was awful but life is cheap, and I got over it before my tea got cold and moved my focus to my Black Skaven duo, the gruesome twosome - Belle and Sebastion. But thats another story.In summary this game is hard, this game is frustrating, this game needs patience and this game is not to be played for hours and hours every day. This game is slow and best played as a mission a night, after work and before bed its a great unwinder after a long day of a 2 hour commute and a 10 hour shift. The atmosphere of the environment and its aesthetic are sublime. It does have long wait times but so what, start loading and go make a cup of tea, or pair your socks or some other thing that takes a few minutes that you always put off. Its worth it.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------THIS EDIT WAS ADDED 6th February 2016Since the latest patch and the introduction of two new hired swords in DLC the game has improved significantly over some of its initial flaws held against it in alot of other reviews, the most major improvement of which is the loading times have been drastically reduced. I am not impressed with this however as I no longer have enough time to make a cup of tea while its loading."
,Recommended,276810,32796613,Posted: 25 June,all,Anthony Garcia,"Well I had my two big hitters, BLOODASAURUS REX and TWICH FROM LEAGUE. They were my pride and joy. Bloodasaurus would legit 1 shot lower tier units, twitch from league was basically clint eastwood droppin kids left and right from afar with his pistols. Well. Then Twitch from got hit in the head by a rat ogre. Ok, so he survived. You'd think ""Sure he'd recover right?"" No. He was hit so hard that his eye was knocked loose, they had to take it out. Now you have a tactical gun slinging pro who has no depth perception. So, one mission Bloodasaurus and Twitch are out there and Twitch says ""I see an enemy a bit aways"" so Bloodasaurus turns to get ready. Twitch with that damned depth perception issue neglected to say that a bit aways is literally ontop of Bloodasaurus. So, bloodasaurus got his head bashed in by a gnome looking dude with a stick. So the next day rolls around, Bloodasaurus recovers and SURPRISE SURPRISE he has head trauma. Oh but head injuries heal right? In mordeheim a head injury is the equivalent of being 50% vegetable. Bloodasaurus was bred for war, not for thinkin! So now at the start of every turn there is an 80% chance, that number isn't a joke, that he just stands there drooling like an animal. So now you have a sniper with no depth perception and the world's strongest potato.Oh it gets worse.A mission later, this HUGE mf from the enemy team rolls in sporting like, 3 six packs adjacently lined up on his chest and the cold dead eyes of a carnivorous beast. Needless to say we got wiped out. GET THIS.TWITCH LOSES A LEG. BLOODASAURUS LOSES AN ARM.So when my measly group of idiots finally recover, Twitch can no longer climb. So, he's now a sniper who can neither aim OR get into any sniping positions.However Bloodasaurus is a bit more fortunate! Turns out that only having one arm and being brain dead makes you a swingin machine! I slapped a mace in his hands and boom! He gets a damage increase, agility increase, and an accuracy increase cause he doesn't have the weight of his old arm! Tbh, Bloodasaurus makes me wish all my melee units had their arms cut off.Ok so sniping is no longer viable for twitch but he is still a strong asset! So I slap some daggers in his hands and hire a new ranged guy who I call NUCLEAR CANCER. Nuclear on account that all of his stuff is a huge aoe, and cancer on the account he has no hair.Ok so, twitch, nuclear cancer, and Bloodasaurus are now all out. It's been a few missions, I'm adjusted to my new can and can'ts of my team. They're doing good! Until I see this pink shmeegy fellow in some library.He's wigglin and wobblin and I decide HEY! You know, why not kill him/CAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOU DO WITH EVERY ENEMY/Oh boy I was in for a rideSee, nuclear cancer was a spell caster. Now, in this game, all spells cast have a chance to backfire and instead horrbily mutilate your character. Why? Because Mordeheim hates you.So I instruct Nuclear cancer to nuke the hell out of the pink guy.He tried his best.Instead he cast a spell that made him blind, and also made him act haywire. Well, that's ok right? What can a blind rogue nuclear cancer patient do?So twitch engages the pink guy. Misses his strike, on account of the one eye.Bloodasaurus stands there, wondering where his arm went.My turn ends, enemy turn begins. The fan was hit so hard that it shook the building.Pink guy does some weird witchy mumbo jumbo, splits into TWO PINK GUYS. Second pink guy is like ""Hey that's neat, but watch this!"" and HE SPLITS AS WELL! Wanna guess what the third pink guy did?So now twitch is balls deep in an army of 8 units, which is like... a lot of units. And the turn ends, my team survives! I look to see who's first up to bat, it's nuclear cancer.Nuclear cancer takes it upon himself to try to nuke all of the bad guys! Good for him! Only you know, he's blind and also he's stupid and so instead he stunned and damaged both twitch, Bloodasaurus, and himself! Wowie!Bloodasaurus's turn, AND HE SOMEHOW RECOVERS FROM THE STUN but then just stands there giggling to himself about how many pink fellows are about to give him the business.Twitch's turn passes, stunned.Enemy turn!Pink guy attacks twitch. Pink guy attacks twitch.  Pink guy attacks twitch. Pink guy attacks twitch.  Pink guy attacks Bloodasaurus. Pink guy attacks Bloodasaurus. Pink guy attacks Bloodasaurus.They both lose consciousness.My turn rolls around. Nuclear cancer nukes himself. I guess his thought process is he will combat his ailments by literally combatting his ailments? I dunno.Next turn, pink guys all line up and Nuclear Cancer needs a therapist.Battle ends, I lost. I go to next page to see what the permanent damages are.Nuclear Cancer died. Bloodasaurus died. Twitch now has head trauma. Oh, and he lost a hand.My three best units, in a single game, were reduced to a single ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rat with one hand and one leg and on eye.MY THREE BEST UNITS WERE REDUCED TO A SINGLE BRAIN DEAD PIRATE."
76561198002841953,Not Recommended,276810,31305318,Posted: 22 April,all,mordred8346,"So much wasted potential. I like so much about this game, but have just gotten completely sick of the flaws. You will get stuck in buggy missions where quitting causes your whole party to take permanent injuries and lose critical equipment. You will get trapped in RNG hell where the AI crits you over and over while your elite warriorf flail impotently at the air. You have no way to respec your party members, so if you pick the wrong skill (or your chaos troops mutate in a way that negates that skill you spent precious points and gold on) then you have no way to change it. Your enemies' turn in the initiative order, something that is CRITICAL to planning any sort of strategy, will alter itself wildely with no imput or action by either warband. While I enjoyed alot about it, my overall experience has been mostly frustration and now disgust at how much time I've wasted with it."
76561198011754979,Recommended,276810,18342110,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,jasonavich,"I am a lazy, lazy man. I tend not to write reviews. I tend not to take out the rubbish (trash) and I often find myself tutting at the sound of my girlfriend cleaning up around me. I tell you this to put my recommendation into perspective. It would be spiteful of me not to recommend this game.This is one of my favourite games. I watched it, I waited for it, and, finally, I bought it. I regret not a coin. This game is not even finished, and it's already awesome. I hope and pray that I don't tempt fate (or encourage the devs to get lazy) but I have very high hopes for the final release, and I'm even looking forward to the inevitable DLC (a concept I loathe to the core).As for what it is, it's a turn-based strategy game with RPG elements. The customization is what makes it. I love games like Xcom, Final Fantasy Tactics and Fire Emblem but I have always wanted a game where the team really felt like my own. This is the closest yet.Let me demonstrate how. I use a player on my near perfect team who is missing an eye and a leg, sometimes gets confused and fails to acts, and is so battered that he can only move half as far as his teammates. Why do I hamper myself with Glen Hobble? Because he has been with me since day one. He picked up his injuries in the line of duty and he lost a leg saving his captain. I care more about Glen Hobble than my own good-for-nothing son.Buy this game. Help the community to make it even better. Do it for me. Do it for Glen."
76561198076701048,Not Recommended,276810,31202696,Posted: 17 April,all,idlequill,"Surround vampire with 4 guys.Miss.Miss.Hit for a tiny amount of damage.Miss.Miss.Miss.Miss.Miss.Kill Vampire 3 turns later.Loose 3 guys to zombies who catch up while I'm missing repeatedly.Breath easy, zombies should route.Zombies pass route.Zombies kill 2 more guys.My leader kills a ghoul.Zombies pass route again.My leader fails route.I really want to recommend this game.  I just can't do it.  A combination of frustrating RNG, computer oppenents having unexplained advantages and only having 4 warbands (2 more available at $10 a piece) with limited customization options really ruin what could have been a great game.  I'll get the urge to play it now and again, but I'll quickly remember why I stopped in the first place."
76561198039143834,Recommended,276810,28154321,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,balance808,"When reading reviews for this game pay attention to the hours played. The people complaing about the AI being too hard or the RNG throwing off the game are mostly all still playing with low level characters. When you first start out, your soldiers are lvl 0. Of course they will miss alot and get their♥♥♥♥♥kicked. If you keep them in groups they will support eachother and you'll level up pretty quick. I have a lvl 6 soldier who can kill enemies in one or two turns at the most... just a few levels prior he was getting his butt kicked almost every battle.About the game itself... if you like turn based games like X Com, or you D&D, or X Wing Miniatures... and want a fantasy theme... this game is great. I enjoy it a lot. The graphics are cool... the environments have a nice mood and feel. The battles are very strategic and challenging. The game doesn't allow do overs so you have to play with caution if you want to keep your soldiers around for many more battles. I'm having a blast playing it and think its worth the money. Glad I bought it and would recommend it to anyone who likes these kind of gams."
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,276810,19681028,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Styx,"This is a tough one. I've given it a fair crack and there's a lot I like about the game, but in the end I've decided that the negatives outweigh the positives.It has the worst case of RNG♥♥♥♥♥hattery I've yet encountered. It makes bloodbowl look even handed and fair.Routinely expect to rack up failure after failure at apparently simple tasks. (Writing this, I have just failed 13 sequential attempts to climb a wall that apparently had a 67% chance of success). It's also common place for you to miss a swing at an almost dead opponent who promptly turns around and kills your hero, while tzeentch strikes down your spellcasters at random. There's not enough men in a warband to compensate for these failures, so each battle quickly becomes incredibly frustrating and a few bad luck failures in a row cost you the battle and theres nothing you can do about it.Crappy map work with lots of inexplicable cant-go-there spots.Bugs. Many and various bugs. Ranging from graphical glitches and some twitchy camera work to it being completely random whether or not your guy in ambush stance actually attacks people moving into his range. Also I'm damned if I can figure out what conditions you have to satisy to make ""charge"" an option. Sometimes its' there, sometimes its not.Gameplay is slow and drawn out. I've played for about 15 hours or so and only completed 1 story mission. Exciting it is not.Battles have optional objectives which are intended to shake things up, however the moment you come into contact with the enemy you quickly become tied into a series of small fights and the optional objectives are forgotten. Since the enemy will rout and the battle ends as soon as more than 2-3 guys go down you never get a chance to go back to them.The RPG elements dont appear to have much affect on the gameplay. None of the skills you can learn are really significant, most add a couple of % to a few RNG tests which, as previously stated, are utter bolloks anyway. Certainly they're massively outweighed by the effects of injuries.Obscenely long loading times. I mean it. Go get a drink and do something else while the levels load."
,Recommended,276810,13020586,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,GUYS THEY MADE A GOOD FAITHFUL VIDEOGAME VERSION OF A GAMES WORKSHOP GAME. THIS IS ALL I EVER WANTED.
76561198007136327,Recommended,276810,24393852,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Gorwe,"I recommend this game but ONLY if you can live with:-> Ironman Mode(Hardcore + no voluntary saves)-> RNG Infestation-> Moderate+ difficulty(it starts very high and drops from there)It has:-> Beautiful artwork(not to be confused with graphics which are just passable)-> Fun gameplay(if you are into xcom type games{I'm not})-> Nice character building-> One of the best IPs around(Warhammer Fantasy)-> Awesome devs(things they do put AAA devs to shame)Unfortunately, I can't play this because it causes nervous breakdown(plus I'm not into this kind of game and care only about WHFB part of it), but that doesn't mean I'll be unfair and not recommend it. Because, after all, this game truly is a gem in the rough.Good hunting in Mordheim! Have fun!"
,Recommended,276810,20796392,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GENTLY JOHNNY,"I'm having fun* playing this game, so I'm going to reccomend itHOWEVER! this is possibly the most unintuitive game ever so I'm going to include a small guide on how to have fun* playing it.*DISCLAIMER: fun is a completely subjective experience. The author cannot ensure that you will have fun. In fact equal parts stress and fun are to be expected. If you do not have fun playing this game try going for a bike ride or playing skippy-rope.Firstly, a concept that might be familliar to some:Winning isn't always good!If you've played Darkest Dungeon, you'll already know this, but if you haven't bare this in mind. In this game there is winning and there iswinning. There is ""killing the enemy team with minimal casualties, collecting plenty of precious green-crack (wyrdstone) and completing all of the objectives"" winning. And then there is ""half of my warband that I spent thousands of gold on died but it's ok because the narrator told me I did good in the loading screen"" winning.Now people might tell you it's the hideous AI that cause the difference, but I've found that every time the latter has happened to me it's because I was too greedy. Too greedy for that sweet green crack.That leads to the second tip on how to have funᵗᵐDon't be too greedy!Actually I should rephrase this. Don't get upset if all your dudes die when you're greedy! Being greedy is pretty fun in this game, so I'm not gonna tell you to refrain yourself from scrounging up enough green crack as possile. But be warned - this is the primarily way your warband will die.You will have just won a mission pretty convincingly. You'll be assursed of your skill as a masterful tactician and may even be convinced that Sun Tzu himself would have been proud of your most gracious dispray. You'll start deploying for the next mission:""yeeeeah, I'm sure I can be spread that thin"" you'll tell yourself, ""I'll just make a rush for the wyrdstone then regroup my dudes!!""And then two turns later all your heroes will be surrounded whilst your fat little henchmen try and scramble to help them, plodding slowly accross the map before deciding ♥♥♥♥ it, it's not worth it, and surrendering half way. This how is my wizard became a blind psychopath who can barely use magic anymore. I still keep him around, though I'm not quite sure why.Now for some guidance on the more unintuitive points:The loot system is a little bit ♥♥♥♥edOkay, so apparently a mercenary is unable to throw 5 gold pennies on the floor in order to pick up a piece of ripe green crack rock worth around 100 gold. The loot system in this game can be pretty frustrating, but once you get used to it, it definitely adds to the flavour.You cannot swap items unless there is space in what you are looting, which means you can't pick up any green crack if you're inventory is full. This is something that annoyed me at the start of the game as you just want to pick up all the♥♥♥♥♥♥you can and then not being able to swap items for far more valuable wyrdstone is frustrating. But later on you realise it adds more to the game. You have to be careful with what you loot and decide early on who you're pack ♥♥♥♥♥es will be so you can have them sup from the pap of strength.This also applies to extra mission objectives. If you win a mission by killing someone - guess what? You can't loot their corpse! This doesn't really make a lot of sense and it makes extra objectives a lot more difficult, but rightly so really - they give you pretty hefty rewards. If you have a bounty mission you want*(*optional being the key word here) to complete you have to try not to win too fast so you can kill and collect the bounties before the games over.your dudes are pretty fat, be careful where you put them!Ocassionally you will accidentally place your buddy a little bit too centred in a tight pass. Ocasionally this will block 4/5 of your buddies/guys from getting where they need to go. Ocasionally this will cost you a mission as half your warband sit there waiting for your buddy to get his fat♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the way.You may also end up getting your favourite hero trapped in a corner and brutally murdered by an enemy hero because you thought a hard difficulty mission wouldn't be that bad and you assumed there was space to flee.That brings us to the next point:Only do normal missions!.....at firstStarting out with a warband be very wary about doing missions other than normal ones. Your first warband is like a newborn babe. It is very fragile and very precious to you. Attempting a Hard or Brutal mission is like trying to feed your newborn baby a rare steak when it's only just started teething.Only start with harder level missions once you have some levels under your belt and/or you start to understand how the AI works. When you have a more developed warband they can be more fun, but don't be surprised if something goes wrong and you're favourite hero dies.RNG in this game is RNG""REAL ♥♥♥♥ING OBVIOUS MAN""Not so much. There is RNG and there isRNG. You won't find any PDR handholding here like in dota 2 or wow or most other mainstream titles for that matter. Some people seem to claim that the RNG in this game is fasle and the actual percentages for completing actions is lower than what's listed but this seems like BS and I can't see any reason for the devs to do this.From my perspective the RNG in this game seems exactly that - random. You'll have moments where your dude will miss 2 attacks in a row that had a 86% chance to hit, but you'll also have moments when all 3 of your marksmen will manage 40% chance shots into combat in a row and save your hero from getting his face mushed into putty.Also, failing acrobatics tests are both frustrating and hilarious. Yes, my leader did just spent half his turn trying to scramble up a small ledge, losing half his hp and then giving up, yours was busy collecting green crack? Well done.Pick up this game if:you like other masochistic titles like Dark Souls or Darkest Dungeonyou like watching men in tights trying to scramble up wallsyou like watching people kill themselves by trying to be wizardsyou like watching mutants slap people in the headyou are catholic/ like nunsyou fantasize about colonies of rat people living in the sewers under your city/ townFor the best dramatic effect I suggest you start the game with Reikland Mercenaries, take mostly marksmen for your henchmen, and give everyone a gun and an American WW2 name."
76561198039382961,Recommended,276810,24722904,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,dragonflame22,"Despite thoroughly enjoying Mordheim, I'm finding myself cautious about recommending it. The reason for this is simple - Mordheim is not a game that will appeal to everyone. It is not casual, it is not forgiving, and it is not polished to the standards of a AAA game. That being said, what you do get is a very solid turn-based strategy with RPG character development. Its gameplay is well thought through, and once you get into it, it is very hard to stop playing. The four starting races are reasonably well balanced, and differ enough to give each a unique feel (I struggle with the Skaven, but their play style doesn't really suit me).At the core of the love/hate reactions is the fact that Mordheim is a sadistic mistress. It is mercilessly difficult, especially at first, but even once you get familiar with it then a single moment of carelessness, cockiness or overconfidence will end horribly. Maastering the game relies on absolute concentration, and contingencies for every possibility. If you don't master the steep learning curve, you will die. If you're too cautious, you'll run out of money and die. If you're too greedy, you'll die. If you don't prepare in advance for the deaths of your best heroes, you will die. You get the idea. The game autosaves after every action - no do-overs or loading after a disaster. Your fallen warriors will suffer persistant injuries or perma-death, and a single mis-step can mean the end for even the most veteran of warriors. Some complain about that the RNG is stacked against them, but I've generally found it fair - if you're leaving your plan in the hands of luck then it's not a very good plan!If any of the above put you off, then Mordheim is probably not the game for you. If you're still reading then you can probably buy with confidence. The game is pretty well made for the ambitious scope and small developer, though a few minor niggles leave it feeling a little rough around the edges. Customisation options are a little limited, so you'll probably be stuck with some very similar looking troops in larger warbands, but at least equipment shows up on the character. The AI pathfinding is sometimes a little wonky, but you'll be glad for every time the computer gets their Rat Ogre stuck in a doorway. Occasionally a piece of terrain will unexpectedly be a little bigger than it appears and block a shot or charge, but you're given considerable freedom to undo and redo your movement until you're happy with it. Very small complaints in the grand scheme of things.So, a qualified recommendation for a game I personally greatly enjoyed. If you like turn-based strategy and aren't put off by a challenge (or by your favourite hero getting wiped out by a tiny miscalculation) then you'll likely find Mordheim a fun and rewarding experience. If not, well, probably best to give it a miss."
76561198049924652,Not Recommended,276810,29257638,Posted: 14 January,all,Kaia,"To start with, lets establish something: Im a Mordheim nut. Before there was any information about this game really beyond ""it sort of exists, a bit..."" I pre-ordered it. And i've never stopped regreting the decision.And it was a mess. The maps were badly designed, the navmeshes were buggy as hell so targeting was a total crapshoot and the stat system was hilariously complex and arcane. But that's early access for you.Unfortunately, its not much better in full release.To start with, if you're expecting a faithful recreation of the tabletop game a la Blood Bowl - forget it. This is not that. It sort of limply gestures in Mordheim's direction, but its an affectation at best.The core of the game revolves around fairly repetitive missions in which your little band of warriors will be scattered around some ruins. These ruins are populated by defined points at which you can climb and descend, knee high walls WILL irrevocably impede your process and no, you cannot climb out of a ground floor window or push open a ruined door.So far so forgivable.The issue is that the AI is stupid, but the game is enough of a general crapshoot that it hardly matters. So much is dependent on a random number generator whose margins of favour are so razor thin that the game devolves into a series of coin flips. The only reliably strategy is that if you flip more coins than your enemy, more of them will probably come up heads (no guarentees though!) and you'll win.And that's about it for depth.You'll also struggle to get more than a couple of missions into it. Its not brutal in the sense that say, Dark Souls is brutal. Mordheim doesn't teach you lessons, or punish your failure to precisely execute manuevers by setting you back to your previous position and saying ""try again, this time don't suck.""No no. It sets you back to your previous position, ties one of your arms behind your back and tells you to try again.There's no learning curve, really. There's no opportunity to take a mistake learn from it because that mistake will haunt you forever. Every screw up, every misclick, every bad dice roll will be added around your neck like a millstone, and you will never get to remove them. In a purely multiplayer environment this might be a part of the fun. Everyone would acquire these albatrosses and the players with fewer of them would have an edge.But the AI doesn't suffer these problems.You will spend your first ten hours of the game being beaten into a bloody smear, winning by hair's bredths and losing by massive margins. When you do lose, and you will, it will set off a landslide of consequences you will never fully recover from.If I could refund this, I would. If playable demos were still a thing in gaming, this product would never sell another copy.Its bad. Its not fun. The only reason to peservere with it is spite, but you'll lose more of your life than the sale price is worth. Save yourself the hassle and just play something else."
,Not Recommended,276810,14071121,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sui,"- Update -Since the game has now been released and the game developers have reminded me of the title, I figured i'd update this review for anyone reading it in the future. I have to say that the game devs have impressed me with their attention to the community, despite some of the issues remaining (see below for original early access review) it has improved a lot.I'd still say that if you're only looking at the game because of the title, you will likely be disappointed. The style of game is not the same as the tabletop original.It plays better than it did in early access, a lot of it has been fleshed out now. And the XP/progression and customization has been added rather well. I haven't played all that much since release but it seems that warband progression increases the overall difficulty of every single battle available, so that progression seems to be offset by how much the fights increase. Rather than giving easier options for lower rewards, everything just gets harder based solely on your warband score. So you can min/max it, or just keep disbanding experienced troops to lower that score and farm. Which goes against the purpose a bit if they were aiming to avoid people grinding against easier opponents. It just removes a choice of play. Again, this is based mostly on the community posts I've read and the limited time i've put into the game since release.I'm still wary that this game will be yet another DLC heavy game, and being one of those who find that to be very anti consumer it's another black mark. The existing 4 warbands seem fairly fleshed out, not exactly balanced yet nor true to the source but each seems fun to play.Tl;Dr - I would still have not purchased this back in early access if I could go back, but if it was on a sale I'd give it a look. Maybe watch the progress for a while if you're unsure, I doubt it's finished yet despite being released.-Original Review-Stay away from it for now. After pre-order it MIGHT be worthwhile, who knows..Firstly this is coming from a fan of Mordheim, the tabletop game. A lot of my issues with the game are solely down to how much they've deviated from it, as the only reason I even looked at this game is because of the name.Does it play well on PC? Barely. It feels like a console port.There's currently no XP/progression/customization. This WILL be in the released version, but how well they manage it is in question..4 initial warbands promised, this screams a warning of a DLC heavy game. As well as minimal customization.But are those warbands accurate to the tabletop warbands? So far, not at all. The game's being balanced around equal sized warbands, and as they've included skaven as one of the first released this becomes an issue. Skaven were always meant to be weaker in equal numbers, but they had a significant number and mobility advantage. That's gone. The humans have been merged into one, and been stripped of any actual character. They're just generic humans now.1-2 Knockdown, 3-4 Stunned, 5-6 Out of Action? Nope. Hitpoints, when that gets to 0 it's more than likely out of action.Armour saves to shrug off all damage? Nope. Very small damage reduction.The only positives I can think of are that finally someone's making a mordheim game, even if it is just in name and theme rather than content.. The graphics are pretty damned good so far, but not that great compared to other games that are currently out. The third person perspective's an interesting concept, but so far it's just been a bit of a poor gimmick rather than something that actually benefits the game.I really hope they take a few steps back and recreate the game in a closer manner to the blood bowl PC game. They're clearly going after the fanbase of the tabletop game, and this game really doesn't feel anywhere near to the tabletop version. Hopefully this doesn't end up another game that I regret pre ordering, my inner fanboy (mordheim was my favourite games workshop game) and hype swayed my hand and now I'm looking at it a bit clearer I shouldn't of risked it."
76561198033460789,Recommended,276810,29136209,Posted: 8 January,all,cantila1,"As you can see by the many hours I've put into this game, I find it to be the most fun game I've ever played, at least on PC. And I'm a quite a very active player.As many others beofre me have stated, this game is very punishing and you need to embrace that, or it's not for you. The RNG isn't flawed at all, it's just that because the game can be so punishing, having some bad rolls can make you quite frustrated and think the RNG is broken. That's because most people don't understand statistics. They think two missed 90% rolls is a conspiracy in a gamewhere hundreds of rolls are made per mission. If you have 10 warriors each hitting twice per turn at 90%, there should statistically be two misses. But when it happens, people think RNG is broken.The game has some DLC but they are not needed to enjoy the game, and the AI will play all DLC races against you even if you did not buy them. There is a lot of grind to be done in this game, adnd I am not even close to be done with all the hours I've put in, but noen of the grind is necessary at all. It's just a nice added incentive to keep going while you develop your warband.TI haven't even done all the story misisons, but they're pretty fun. Some can be very hard though. For me, multiplayer is where the real fun is. I am an admin of the currently only active MP league, called the Mordheim MP Permaleague. We have a great system for doing fair matches and anyone can join with a new team and play on equal terms against others. What's fun with MP games is that there are tow modes. Exhibition games without permanent effects afterwards, or Contest games with permanent effects. The league I play in do Contest games. So any loot you grab off your opponent you get to keep and they lose it, any injuries you suffer are there to stay, and so on. It's great fun if you can accept that you WILL suffer losses. But league players also get AI games that they can use to recover in when needed.Unfortunately this game lacks a server based matchmaking system, and that is its biggest flaw.Pros:- Best Games Workshop game adaption to date with its awesome fantasy and lore.- Awesome an helpful community.- Devs stays in close touch with the players and do balancing changes based on community feedback and they have a great sense of humor and a genuine interest in the game.- Many different warbands that all have a very unique playstyle and spellcasters (if you own all DLCS, base game has 4 warbands which still is enough for many many hours).- Very long replayability because there are countless of diffferent viable skill builds to make and toy with for each class and race.- Lots of skills to choose from, where most of them are quite useful.- Procedually generated maps and many different deployment types.- A lot of different runes to discover and enhance your gear with.- Generally a good economy system where you'll find yourself in short of money for a very long time unless you're quite skilled and know what you're doing.- The become a ""pro"" player you will probably need hundreds of hours and understand how to work the RNG in your favor, which is a good thing!Cons:- Punishing and unforgiving, can cause serious ragequits.- Poor AI pathing, especially with Impressives often getting stuck. An issue that's still not been resolved after a year.- Some very annoying bugs connected to ambushes, stairs and obstacles on the ground, that can cause desyncs in MP games.- No MP matchmaking system. If you want to play MP you need to find friends, ask in the forums, or join a league.- Some skills are pretty useless, but they're thankfully not that many and with a lot to choose from it will not impact overall gameplay.- Devs go very silent between DLCs/patches, and become very active and communicative weeks before such a release. Could be more consistently visible on the forums.- Lack of customisation options for your warband. There are some, but generally fairly limited. Doesn't bother me much, but for many it does."
,Recommended,276810,13020348,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Scriptwolf,"The game feels like your playing the table top.The mechanics are nice even at this stage and the maps are large and interesting, and they are very detailed with you being able to hide characters inside houses and even jump from Z level to Z level.Right now you can only play preset war bands but in the coming weeks you are going to be able to design your own and have a persistent warband you fight with through multiplayer and single player. It is well worth the buy but if you are undecided i would wait until the warband management section of the game is released, in my opinion this is where the most fun is going to be keeping your guys alive."
76561197990179400,Recommended,276810,20440008,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Adam Viklund,"This could quite possibly be my favorite game ever. It is in no way perfect, but man oh man did they capture the thrills AND frustrations of the table-top game, which I adore. The visuals are perfectly suited to Mordheim and look like they've been torn right from the rulebook and town cryers. The character design and development system is terrific. I love the fact that you have no idea who you're going into battle with beforehand, and I love how the game is played through the eyes of the characters.Yes, it can be very aggravating when attacks are dodged multiple times in a row, even though your character has a 95% chance to hit. Yes, it's maddening to have a warband route just before you accomplish a secondary objective. Yes, it's insanely frustrating when a character with over a 70% chance just can't climb a wall. Yes, it's brutal when you have a few bad games and you have to disband and start again. But all these ""problems"" are absolutely how the table-top game plays out, too! Welcome to Mordheim! To all who worked so hard to make this game, THANK YOU! I can only hope there will be some future DLC with more warbands joining the mix!"
76561198006506395,Recommended,276810,26444645,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Polymath,"Oh RNG, let me count the ways i hate you...Yes, it's one of THOSE games..Warhammer setting is really cool.Permadeath squad management is super-duper cool.RNG sabotaging a 20 hour playthrough, with nothing you can do about it... Not so cool.thei nherent problem with this game is that you start with fresh little recruits that can barely stand up to a mild breeze, and it is mostly luck or overwhelming odds that allow them to live to be these elite mercenaries hope want.But not even the most elite is safe from the RNg saying ""no, youve had too much fun"" and instagib's all your best guys in a row, no matter the odds.If you can stomach the Xcom level of RNG shenanigans, by all means, it's a great game."
76561198079167443,Not Recommended,276810,20257195,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bryanjkautzman,"This game has a lot going for it.  It's a great turn-based strategy game with individual levelling for all characters.  There is a great feeling of satisfaction that goes into levelling up a party.  To that extent, it's a lot of fun, but it has some pretty serious issues.This is a ""hardcore"" style game.  If a character gets hurt, he stays hurt.  If a character dies, he's gone forever.  this is an interesting dynamic which I typically do not like, but it's okay if it's done well.  In this game, it is done well.  Most of the time.  however, towards the end game, it turns into a game breaker, and I'll explain why.The story missions are challenging, to say the least.  No, I'll go one step beyond that.  They are hard.First of all, they put my warband into a tactically stupid situation that I would never put myself into.  Both of my archers were paired with my mage, and two of them were dead before they even had a turn on my first play-through.  On my second playthrough, after losing one of my archers to perma-death and firing the other because he was pretty much worthless after suffering a brain injury, I used only melee characters with much better success.  That doesn't change the fact that my warband was pretty much decimated due to a flaw in the game.  Oh well.  Another 20-30 hours of play time to get my warband powerful enough to take on the mission again.On my second playthrough, I was plugging along just fine.  The basic premise behind that mission is that there is an invicincible opponent that goes around destroying all of your characters without batting an eye while the player struggles to figure out how to inflict damage on her.  When I finally figured out that you need to disable the pillars, it took three turns to arrive at the first pillar while this enemy is mercilessly killing my warband.  When I finally arrive, I think ""finally.  I might be able to inflict some damage!""  But no.  I need some shard or something, and who knows where the heck that is.  Suddenly, it sinks in.  Even with the shard, it will take 5-6 turns to disable all of the pillars.  And that's not including the amount of time it will take to find the shard.  So, yeah.  My warband was completely decimated a second time, and I'm not willing to put 20-30 hours of play time into this game again just to get my warband powerful enough to take on the mission again.Simply put, when I purchased this game, I was looking for two things.  I wanted a turn-based strategy game.  Check.  Secondly, I wanted a game where I had the ability to level up individual characters in my war party.  Check.  What I did not want is a puzzle game where if you get it wrong the first time, you realize you've wasted 20-30 hours of your life.  If I wanted to solve puzzles, I'd go play Portal.  There is a reason why I don't play Portal.  It's because I hate puzzle games.  What's worse than a puzzle game?  A puzzle game where failure is pretty much permanent.If that type of frustration is what you are looking for in a game, then by all means:  Purchase Mordheim.  As it sits, this game took over 100 hours of my time, and I want that time back."
,Recommended,276810,34401271,Posted: 21 August,all,Bobby Boy Freed,"This game has scratched an itch that I didn't even know that I had...I bought this on sale on a whim (i.e. had enough Steam credit that it didn't hurt to buy) despite actually having marked it as ""Not Interested"" in one of my discovery queues. But as I have been waiting for X-COM 2: War of the Chosen to come out, this one popped up as a recommendation. I decided to give it a chance and I have been blown away!It's not overly polished, and frankly it's very repetitive in gameplay (deploy your warriors and scoop up as much loot as possible before the inevitable battle begins and hope to God that the RNG is favorable, praying that no one in your team gets permanently injured or at worse dead). However, I am finding myself nearing 70 hours of gameplay and I still don't feel I have scratched the surface of all the game seems to offer. I am currently on my fourth warband, haven't even tried any of the ""campaign"" missions, haven't even touched any of the other warband types other than the mercenaries, and I still can't wait to get back to it for just one more journey into the City of the Damned to try my luck and skill just one more time hoping to get to the next warband level, getting more experience for that lower level grunt, and hoping to find that one superior looted item that will make you a little more stronger the next time you go in for more of the same.It's a numbers game as much as a skill game and I am loving it! My first two warbands went horribly wrong and my third one actually started to get reasonably strong before I decided it was time to scrap it too after all of the lessons I had learned on what not to do in my first failed attempts. And that's when the game really starts to come into its own. Unfortunately the game can be very, very unforgiving to a newbie such as myself and that's what keeps a lot from going on further with it. I can understand why so many are turned off by it but also see why there are those dedicated players who have also literally put a thousand hours and more into this one. The ecstasy of a well fought victory as well as the utter dismay at a battle gone wrong are an addicting contrast, though I have finally really been learning to have more victories than defeats (around 90% won with my current warband) with the occasional disappointing fallout for an injured warrior even under victory conditions.This game is definitely not for everyone. I can understand that. But if you are looking for a game that really makes you think out strategy as you position your warrior pieces and the tacticts to get them there, this is a game for you. Even a small skirmish can take extra time now that I have learned more about the game mechanics and the opponent AI. If you know where to look and are patient, you can make good judgments about where the enemy will be. You can know pretty much what you are up against and position your warriors accordingly. Also, learning tips such as stay together, don't always ambush, and don't be afraid to disengage or even flee from battle at times, can make a big difference after failing to do some of these things the first time(s) through.Also, mitigating damage, is something you need to be prepared to do. There are some great skills and some awesome buffs, but be aware that almost everything has its negative effects as well. Do you take the potion or leave it at camp? Do you apply this enhancement or save it for later knowing that weapon or armor might be the next to be lost? Do you spend the gold for that skill that could be lost forever when you get unlucky with that warrior the next time you send them out. It's loss manager's dream! The first time you cast a spell and have your warrior permanently knocked out for the rest of the battle is one of the worst feelings you can have. However, when you see the enemy attempt to do the same thing but not only stuns himself, but also your three warriors that are currently pummeling on him, you just have to smile (the enemy still ended up being toast that very same round). It really is a masochist's dream, but I am now convinced you can get better at this game despite the random nature of so many of its events. I haven't even come close to experiencing all I can with this warband, and I am already envisioning which one I want to start with for the next playthrough AFTER I finish at least the first and maybe second campaign mission with this one.To be honest, recommending a game like this which has almost absolutely no story and absolutely no purpose other than building up the most versatile and ferocious warband you can actually seems ludicrous to me, but I still can't recommend it enough. If you don't want to pay full price to try it, I understand, but you might actually like it. I liked it so much that despite buying the base game on sale, I missed the sale for the DLC, but bought it at full price anyway (a reason for many of the negative reviews you might be reading) because I have truly enjoyed it that much and didn't want to have to wait for the DLC to come back down in price again before trying it.You have been warned. This game is definitely not for everyone. Some will wish it had never been programmed. But some of you on the edge just need to give it a try and you might very well find yourself as sucked into it as I have been. Just one more mission into the City of the Damned!!"
,Recommended,276810,19142288,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,wozron,"PRE-RELEASE REVIEWI have been playing Mordheim: City of the Damned (M:CotD) for about eight weeks.The Early Access copy was not supplied by anything other than my own cash.THE UPS:-A multi-dimensional challenge with many different builds, challenges, and tactics.-A really nice aesthetic representation of Mordheim post-comet.-Rewards intelligence, tactics, foresight, planning and force multiplication while retaining a random factor.-No two games ever work out the same.-A devoted community already developing.THE MEHS-The RNG *WILL* bend you over at some point. Not because it's unfair, but more because you're planning opposed rolls based on YOUR probabilities.A fictitious example: Your captain attacks and the system tells you that you have a 90% to-hit. What it doesn't tell you is that with enemy abilities, skills etc., you actually only have a 30% chance to hit.If you knew it was 30% overall, you might choose to disengage and/or switch to ranged. But you won't be given this opportunity.-Min/max builds and system gaming already rife. Needs a balancing mechanic.THE BAD-I haven't won the lottery so it's going to be a while before I can retire and play 24/7.RECOMMENDED AUDIENCE-Necromunda fans-Mordheim fans-WHFB fans pre-WHFB sharkjumping olympics-Born during the Vietnam War-Super cool people who used to play tabletop games but developed careers-Stoners-Obsessive-compulsives-People who are super talented at painting minis and building terrain, plus they brew their own beer, but not any more-Sad old tabletop wargamers looking to relive their glory days-Awesome cool people who just don't give a tinker's curse about K/D ratios, lanespam, grenade spam etc. and just want a thinker's game linked by an ongoing campaign-Me and every gamer I respectSeriously 10/10 top effort. This game deserves to succeed, if only to open up DLC, Necromunda, WW2: the Turnbased Third-person Tactical game, et cetera. If you're a thinking gamer not a twitch gamer, don't think: buy."
76561198006482579,Not Recommended,276810,24735389,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,z',"There's a lot to like about Mordheim, but not enough to recommend it. The visuals are solid: graphics are good, aesthetic customization is satisfyingly deep, and the ruined city, forgive the expression, comes alive. Though some have criticized the gameplay, I really liked the combat system, and had a lot of fun in the actual fights.However:The campaign becomes extremely unfun pretty quickly because of how the game compensatses for the poor fighting skills of the AI, namely, massive, massive bonuses. You can see it in the description of the difficulty of a given mission, but what isn't clear is how the game ""balances"" the strength of your warband as you level up. Enemy warbands will have a rating similar to yours, but will have /all/ their members leveled. In addition to this, they'll have a composition similar to yours, so if you have six members, they have six members. If you have one of your special heroes, they'll have one of their special heroes. One of the biggest frustrations I experienced was leveling up my Cult warband until I could, FINALLY, hire the Possessed. Once I fielded him, though, I found myself up against a fully leveled and upgraded Augur that handed his♥♥♥♥♥to him. Read some guides, found out that people that Possessed heroes were underpowered, so I ditched him, and started leveling up for the Spawn. Got the Spawn, and then faced a fully leveled and upgraded Rat Ogre. That was when I stopped playing.Maybe I'd like it better in multiplayer, but the campaign became just incredinly unfun to play after a while. The only way to win those kinds of match is to get lucky in the set up, and then exploit the very poor AI strategy. Which, by the way, is to just run straight at you along whatever road is closest. I have never seen the AI go after objectives, which also makes it hard, bordering on impossible, for you to do the same. Unless you get REALLY lucky, expect most skirmishes to devolve into a scrum, which is why the best and only strategy is to keep your whole warband together at all times.But it on sale, maybe, but I'd give it a pass. It's more frustrating than fun."
76561198064579091,Not Recommended,276810,31393493,Posted: 27 April,all,MVictorP,"The sheer randomness of this game makes me mad enough to alt-shift-delete a couple of games, massacre a few keyboards and generally be unpleasant for all around me for a couple hours afterwards. Keep in mind that I am writing this review after aniother one too many of those games where everything you attempt miss, whereas the AI succeeds in everything with excessive damage that I never experienced for any of my warband yet.It isn't the software makers' fault: There's no bugs, the graphics are good, the progression and management is fine enough, the ambiance and music are very good. In fact, if anything, it even smoothed out some of the most random element that's inherent in every GW games, that I don't play anymore, being reduced to being a spectator to what my dices decides to play in each and everyone of them.It's always the same pattern: I play with caution, working out a few victory by regrouping and using ridiculous outnumbers. Then arrives the kind of game described above (about once in every three battles), and I regret having played it. I regret having played it because there is no going back, and as a result I don't feel like playing anymore so my warbands won't be reduced to irrecuprable slag like the one I just deleted out of impotent rage.Until that game gets its random sht rightened, or give save control to the player, I can't recommand this game - I even suggest you stay the hell away from it for your health, and for your computer peripherics' as well."
,Recommended,276810,15428161,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Year of the Landshark,"Let me make this clear. This game is by no means finished. I would recommend waiting until it is a little further along in development before purchasing straight away.With that out of the way let's begin. Mordheim City of the Damned is the electronic and spiritual successor to the tabletop franchise that spawned out of Games Workshop's very own tabletop world of fantasy Warhammer. You take control of a band of warriors and proceed to try and outwit and eviscerate your opponent.The gameplay is a nice blend of a turn-based RPG with elements from the tabletop game itself. In my opinion this is the game Relic should have been making for the Warhammer franchise all this time. And once it is finally completed it will be a real gem. There is talk of adding more warbands, adding to the original four. These new bands will supposedly include Undead, Dwarves and Elves.This game has tons of potential, and once all these features which are currently locked in game start working, it will get even better. Plus who doesn't enjoy watching their Commander fall flat on their♥♥♥♥♥from trying to climb a 6ft wall."
,Recommended,276810,19168066,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cerlin,"Already 25 hours in and I already love this game, and Ive only used Empire Mercs for the most part (maybe 2 hours with chaos.)Why do I love it?- The setting, Warhammer is a brutal universe with great lore that really influences  the setting.- It is a great medieval tactics game.- I like RNG and Permadeath.- The link between Multiplayer and Singleplayer is awesome.- I can really feel the people who made this game have a passion for the core material.Any Cons?- Amount of content/warbands in the long run. I hope to see these come as DLC.- Minor animation and loading issues. I would like to see the load times be faster and have a way to fast forward animations that everyone does.But overall I recommend it if you like Turn based strategy, the Warhammer setting, and games with permadeath and RNG."
,Recommended,276810,13020411,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Skaw,"Keeping in mind this is just the Alpha stage of the game, I can see huge HUGE potential here, specially in Multiplayer games.This is not a port game, some changes have been made to play it on PC (For example, it's still a turn-based game but instead of moving your band then wait 5-10 min while the other player moves his/her band, warriors are moved individually according to their initiative).Right now you've 4 tutorial to learn the ropes of the game, and a skirmish option to play vs a mate or the AI. Only Mercenaries and Skaven Eshin bands are available, but (at least) Sisters of Sigmar and The Cult of Possessed will be in the full game. I'll keep adding more info in the future, as more content is added, also a list of pro and cons.See you in the streets."
76561198016535240,Not Recommended,276810,19565047,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,TwisT,"I can´t recomend this game. Maybe I expected too much, I don´t know, but I expected a better game . It has been just full released but i feel like game lacks content, A LOT.-First of all: Only four warbands. Seriously no orcs, dwarfs or undead?-Very limited customization of characters.-Few warrior classes. I expected more variety.-The management of your units in only 3 groups (leader, hero and adept) is just too basic and rusty.-Very few types of secondary objective (steal idol, kill and steal ""x"" unit equipment and collect ""x percentage"" of wyrdstone).-Multiplayer is broken: almost no matches can be found.Also, in my opinion, one of the biggest issues in this game is the AI: The AI makes lots of ""stupid"" decisions but the real problem is how the devs tried to fix it: In campaing, you will ALWAYS have to face a superior warband (even on normal difficulty), no matter the mission, it will always have better stats than your warband. So the difficulty (normal, brutal, deadly) is based in how high the difference in stats will be. I dont know, but i find this combat system too unfair, especially when you have the risk of losing your warband members forever (permadeath) and losing a couple of valuable characters means almost a forced warband restart because fights, even on normal difficulty, will be impossible.Unit placement is a nightmare: In some maps you will have more than 30 deployement spots and you cant just click the point where you want the unit to be placed, you have to switch between the 30 spots until you get the place you want.Same with inventory management: If you have fulled the capacity and want to pick something from the ground, you can´t just switch items. You will have to go to a chest and leave the objects you don´t want there before taking more. Seriously?Finally, the excesive focus on random chance in this game is just annoying.Of course the game is not rubbish but i don´t think it worths 40$. Not in my opinion."
76561197969718243,Recommended,276810,13028852,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Habz0r,"I own over 100 games on steam and this is my first review.  I feel like I just have to leave a comment here - partially for the potential buyers, but also for the developers.Rogue - you have created what could be a true epic strategy game.  So far, i am loving your design choices.  Continue to pour love into this game.  Warband development / progression / equipment is probably going to be what makes or breaks this game.  If you do this well and reward players for good play and gently punish those that choose poor strategies - you will do well.  It should be fair and over time the better players should build stronger warbands.  I also feel that the possibility of having assymetric multiplayer could help this feel awesome.  Allow the community to build ""clans"" and allow clans to challenge each other for even greater rewards and risks.  This ""style"" or genre of game could become a HUGE thing.Warcraft 3 initially was going to go with this style of game (small persistent warbands that developed over time), but they abandoned it.  I always wanted that game to be made and this could be it.  The possibilities are endless.  You could overlay a ""mordheim strategy map"" that clans could vie for control over.  Limit a server to a certain number of players and let different clans and factions fight for dominance.Anyways - i'm excited.  This game so far shows an INCREDIBLE amount of potential.  Please continue to listen to the community, but also know when to NOT listen to the community.  So far, your vision looks like it's paying off.Good luck, Rogue."
76561197987324453,Recommended,276810,23604012,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Iceq,"This is my favorite game!! It is quite challenging and so very rewarding when you make achievements. If you like a game that you can totally dominate from start to finish ,then this is not for you. Like most computer games, its harder when you start until you level up your abilities.  Then the dice rolls don't work against you as much. This game's characters are nicely detailed and so is the world. Love the warhammer universe. Its a turn based game, which I like, because you can make many choices as to what your character does in the game. Sure there is some luck involved too, but wise decisions can turn things more in your favor. Too anyone up for the challenge, I would recommend a few basic things. Set earned points on agility and weapons skill in there catagories, this helps prevent damage to you. Also equip your warband characters with highest level weapons possible, early on two single hand weapons give more damage then a two handed. Once your warband rating is around lvl 4 things start going alot better!!  Highly recommend this game if you like turn based games."
76561198044260307,Recommended,276810,28428659,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cowboyeehaw,"I'm writing this review in response to the negative reviews about RNG. I even seen some reviews mention that they played X-COM so now they are ""experienced"" with RNG games. First thing first is X-COM is the checkers to RNG games while Mordheim is the ""beat ya like a red-headed step child"" chess version of RNG games. For instance in X-COM you get a percentage to hit and thats it...if ya hit gj ya got a hit but if ya miss oh well ya missed bad luck. Mordheim gives ya a percentage chance to hit in melee but thats not the end of it...if you roll a hit then guess what? Enemy now gets to roll chance to dodge or parry which means even though you rolled a hit, you still may miss. There are also many other factors in the game that determine your chance to hit or whether your character will even fight at all, but you can use this against the enemy too.Mordheim has a great community with many helpful guides to make each and every warband you create a successful warband. The negative reviews about the RNG are just crybabies that are mad cuz bad. Take the time to look at the guides in the community and make reading great again. This is a very excellent tactics game that can make you rage to the point of losing faith in whatever God you worship or make a life long atheist start screaming ""BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD...SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE!!"". Believe me, I've seen it happen."
76561198009287861,Recommended,276810,24391486,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,NiXtaDaBz,"Excellent game, makes time fly away and makes you think ""one last map"" and then it's over, you're in the morning and spent the night playing :)Pros:- Beautiful- Interesting character development, with items, levels, skills and spells to play with- Not so bad solo content, even if repetitive after some time- Offers a decent challenge, and is very rewarding if you spent some time optimizing your ""skill builds"", as you'll feel the power of your warband skyrocketCons:- AI is somewhat lackluster (characters can get stuck into pathing issues, giving you a one man advantage -happens more with impressives, which is even more than a one man advantage when it happens-)- Can be a little tricky to learn, but the log parser makes it a lot easier to understand what happens- As stated earlier, can become repetitive once your warband is strong enough to steamroll almost all opposition, but that's why there are ""Brutal"" and ""Deadly"" missions, to keep you challenged in the later stages of your campaign- A bit rng dependant, especially with random character positionning, can lead you into a VERY hard gameTLDR:Excellent game if you like turn based strategy games, even more so if like me, you can literally spend hours optimizing your warband skills and stats. If you like Games Workshop universe and design, you won't be disappointed either.Pass if you are the all-in, impatient kind of gamer, as this game can (and will) punish you for that."
76561198079020363,Recommended,276810,23729830,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,crickit90,"This game is a beautiful gem with some serious flaws. I should know it pretty well after about 600 hours of gameplay.Flaws from the worst to the least:PvP. It isn't well balanced, the turns are painful to wait through, and you never find matches anyway.Moderate to difficult learning curve.AI has major tactical faults, and it's still painful to wait through your opponents turn.Time consuming. I spent more than 100 hours on each of my single player warbands, but at the time I am writing this I have not completed all of the campaigns.Random number generators, usually have a bias. This one causes 1% chances to occur 25% of the time.Looting wyrdstone to improve your faction reputations takes an investment beyond any reasonable effort.Discovering the enchanting recipes is also random (many have no benefit).The Value:This emulates the feeling of table top games like warhammer, warmachines, and malifaux wonderfully.You can make a list from your collection of mercenaries and kit them them in minutes. A full game should take less than an hour, and if both players act quickly can be over in less than 30 minutes.Each of your models is highly customizable in both appearance and functionality.There are persistent effects from inuries and mutations (chaos only). Often times this means you will have a completely unique warband.The reserves allow you enough extra troops to be able to have a flexible fighting force. (You don't have to do the same thing every battle).This game is challenging, and learning its intricacies is rewarding. More importantly information is attainable."
76561197964455893,Recommended,276810,26151419,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,💩 Bubs 💩,"I don't review much, but I have to give a positive to offset the idiots who give negative reviews when they don't know what they are even talking about.If you haven't played the tutorials:STFU about game mechanics or knowing how to play.If you don't like the game because it's not the same system as tabletop:Give it a chance please. I felt the same way once. Now though, after knowing what i'm doing, I see the game is actually much better than TT, enough so that I don't know if i'll ever be going back. (This of course is ignoring the hobby aspect of it.)If you think the random number generator is biased:Idk, just grow up. Actually on second thought, i'm a Nigerian prince who needs your bank account information to give you lots of money. The loomynarti is real too.Before you say PVP is dead:That is because most pvp is either between friends, or you have to join a tournament or league. Or maybe people have to man up and fight each other, despite the consequences.What is Mordheim:It is a hardcore fantasy skirmish game, from the old Warhammer setting, set in the city of Mordheim, where you control a warband of 3-10 people vs other warbands (though you can have up to 10 people in reserve too). Injuries happen and are permanent, life is tragic for most warband members. But offsetting that are those that survive and prosper, eventually becoming rightly feared heroes. You equip your warband how you want and choose their upgrades as they advance. You must manage the warband financially, which basically means leading them into the ruined city to find precious wyrdstone (magical fragments of a great comet), which is worth a fortune to alchemists, magic users and those who desire power.This game is not perfect, but it's still one of the best games I ever played. As someone who spent their life working with TT and RP games, I can't say anything about this game's system other than it is genius. Anything I want to comment on about the game that could use work I won't say, because the developers have not ignored the game and are still improving it.Buy this game, and all the DLC, even if you won't play it, even if you don't like it. This is an overlooked masterpiece of a game, and it's rare to find a creator that deserves to be rewarded this much for their work. I think if you learn the game though, and give it a chance, then you will love it."
76561198001031578,Not Recommended,276810,25195568,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,zmo,"Being a fan of the tabletop game, I really wanted to like this version of Mordheim.  Sadly, I don't.The game does a number of things well, starting with presentation.  The graphics style matches what I always imagined Mordheim to look like, and the music and sound mesh with the art very well.  And at the tactical level, the actions your characters can perform are varied and useful enough to keep things interesting -- stuff like climbing walls to gain elevation advantage, intercepting enemies who enter your AO, providing overwatch, and so on.That said, this game has significant issues.  Some of the more minor ones include camera positioning that ranges from awkward to actively infuriating, a clumsy and unintuitive control scheme, data feedback that misrepresents the true gameplay mechanics, and AI that's a lot bigger on the ""A"" than the ""I"".All of the above problems are small enough to be forgivable if it wasn't for the hot mess they made of the strategic level gameplay and multiplayer aspects of the game.  Where the original Mordheim was a skirmish-focused game with some RPG elements, the devs have chosen to place the cart before the horse and create a game where the battles are just a chore you muddle through to drive the ridiculously extended character progression and loot collection.  Gone are varied victory conditions that might reward creative play and create memorable matches; now every fight revolves around grouping your warband into one giant mass and rolling it at the enemy until they rout.  Which you'll be doing A LOT of, because the pace of campaigns has been slowed down drastically to account for the CRPG tropes that were shoehorned into a game that didn't need or benefit from them.But the most astouding failure of all is that there is no support whatsoever for multiplayer campaigns.  Let me say that again: THERE IS NO SUPPORT WHATSOEVER FOR MULTIPLAYER CAMPAIGNS.  IN A GAME THAT CALLS ITSELF MORDHEIM.  All you get are one-shot battles where you use the same warband that you spent 60 games grinding against the crappy AI with.  Ugh, I'm done."
,Recommended,276810,23191940,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,erc,"Reasons not to get this game:1. You get upset if you've spent a good bit of time working on building a character up only to have him killed by a 1/1000 chance occurence that you couldn't do anything about.2. You think games need to have save slots that you can reload if you make a mistake.3. You don't want a game that has a moderate learning curve and no forgiveness whatsoever4. You only want to fight - This is a game about trying to scavenge items in the middle of a battle.5. You are spoiled by AAA titles.If none of these apply to you and you want a difficult strategy game with good replayabliity, you probably should try this one out.  The gameplay is excellent and my only real complaints are the minor bugs in the AI and that I'm greedy and want more content (warbands, maps, hired swords, etc.)."
,Not Recommended,276810,31096009,Posted: 12 April,all,hartmansgrad,"Very pretty, captures the feel of the setting but is spoiled by frustrating (true to tabletop game...) randomisation and a terrible, terrible perspective in battle.  It's all but impossible to tactically play skermishes and the campaign missions are ruined by complex, barely explained objectives where your most dangerous opponent is trying to figure out WTF is going on."
76561198396469776,Not Recommended,276810,34466948,Posted: 24 August,all,Arathopterix,"Sorry for huge review if you don't want to read. Tl;dr is the game can be fun but has stupid design decisions that limit your choices and impact on the game, wierd power spikes and a lot of useless skills/spells that take time to learn about, causes you to fail even if you didn't do anything wrong, often punishes you for no real reason, and fanboys of the game will defend these things as all being more ""challenging.""Oh boy, where to start with this game? A complicated bundle of enjoyment, acute disappointment, and annoyance.It's not a bad game, but it's also not a good game. My biggest complain is that you have relatively less control over the outcome of the game than in comparable titles. Oh sure, there's rng that determines results in a ton of games, especially squad based tactics games like this, the Xcoms, and Wasteland 2. Mordheim has them too, but its nothing really worse than those two games.The difference I noticed in Mordheim is that you can't affect the rng directly. In Xcom you could hide behind cover to protect yourself or flank enemies/blow up thier cover to increase your chances of hitting them. Anything like that in Mordheim? Can you flank or surround enemies to decrease their dodge/parry rate? Nope. How about attacking them from behind (the direction the character model isn't facing)? No. Attacking them while they are in a corner? Nope. Automatically that limits the things you can do for a tactical advantage by a huge amount compared to other tactics games.Sure, you still can make intelligent decisions and they still do have an effect on the game... it's just less than it could have been if the developers included some of these things. A lot less. So the smartest tactic in this game for the majority of situations would be to consolidate your units in one group as soon as you can (not a hard thing usually, given movement speeds compared to map size in thsi game) and mobbing the first enemy unit you see. This is exacerbated by the fact that the AI seems to recognize this as well, and tends to immediately move all or at least a large majority of thier units towards the first of your units they see. This strangles my ability to affect the outcome of the game, and puts most of it into the hands of rng and my units' stats instead of choices I make during the fight, even in pvp.It's true that the optional objectives for the mission will occasionally encourage you to split up, or at least do something slightly more complicated than mobbing the enemy, but they are usually more trouble than they're worth. I understand the fact that optional objectives ought to be difficult and not always possible, but what happens in Mordheim is that the act of pursuing the optional objectives will sometimes cause you to Fail the optional objectives. I know. Mindboggling.The first optional is to steal the enemies' idol and take it to your cart, but merely taking the idol off its pedestal heavily penalizes the enemies' morale, often causing them to route and forfeit the match to you, giving you the victory before you can take the idol back to your cart and get the extra objective done. This happens often early and midgame even if you've only killed a minimal number of thier units. It become slightly less of a problem late game, but can still be an issue.The second optional objective with this problem is the Marked for Death, which has you target one or more enemy units and steal a bounty token they are holding. The units chosen are usually the leader and hero. Guess what happens if an enemy leader or hero is killed? Yep, you guessed it, a hefty reduction to morale. About half the time you can loot the enemy in the same turn you kill them, but the half the time you can't do so (due to being engaged with another enemy or just running out of action points) you automatically forfeit that.The third optional objective is item collection, its only problem is that it's boring.What else? Right, the enemy has an unlimited inventory, whereas you will probably only have space for 3 items early campaign and maybe 5-7 late. The gist of this is that if the enemy kills one of your units and isn't immediately engaged with another of your units, they will loot your guy for all of thier weaponry and items, and if you kill them, you might not be able to pick it back up because of limited inventory space. So if you win and kill the enemy that looted your stuff, some of the time you lose most or all of that stuff anyway because they route before you can grab it or the unit you have over it already has other stuff in thier inventory.The game has scaling Offense points with level and whether or not the unit is a henchman or hero. It also has different Offense Points costs for different weaponry types like ranged, dual-wielding, single-handed or two-handed. This leads to strange power spikes and valleys, most notable the fact that ranged henchman are pretty useless until level 3 when they suddenly go from being able to attack once per turn to twice per turn, effectively doubling thier damage. Also, before level 3 dual-wielding and two-handed melee henchmen can attack once, and at 3 they still can only attack once per turn. But after level 3 a single-handed henchman can attack twice, thus doing comparable damage while having more defense. Why? Just why? It's so gamey to have to suddenly switch up weapon load outs because your character leveled up.Approximately a third of the skills in the game are wastes of space (read: every active endurance skill except for insanity, skills that increase your chance to climb, fall, and expecially leap. leaping is useless). Most of the other skills and spells are kind of boring, even if they're decently good.Yes, I understand there are ways to get around some of these issues. I've used these methods. But those ways are stupid as hell. These issues just shouldn't exist in the first place. Yes, they make the game harder, and I like a challenge. However, not everything that's hard is a challenge, sometimes it's just a ♥♥♥♥ing chore."
76561197999530214,Recommended,276810,19176011,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Stymie Jackson,"Mordheim: City of the Damned Review: An Turn Based Strategy Game with RPG ElementsFirst up, this is not Table Top Mordheim. It looks like it, it feels like it, but it is an adaption of the table-top game, not a direct port. So if you want Mordheim as you remember it, this is not it. But it is still an amazing game.It captures the look and feel of TT Mordheim very well. The characters look like they jumped right off your miniature shelf and into your monitor. The world feels exactly like Mordheim should...dark, scary and evil. It is very close to Warhammer lore, and if you want a Warhammer Fantasy fix this is surely your best bet today. No Age of Shitmar junk here! Just traditional Warhammer goodness!PROS:-The maps are truly amazing and detailed. There is nothing else like it. Multiple stories in buildings, raised walkways and terrain, traps and dead ends. Ruined buildings and plenty of flanking and high ground opportunities abound. It blows away anything else in the market and needs to be seen to be believed. All maps also are different every time you play them due to procedural terrain generation. Never the same experience twice.-The graphics are well done, the animations are varied and many, and as said above they really captured the feel of Warhammer in it's entirety.-The development options are immense. 175 total skills and 8 unique spells per faction. 7 different characters for 4 warbands. So many ways to build your characters to fit your playstyle.-'Hardcode' gameplay. You cannot save and reload (although you can save/quit and continue again at any time) or as it's known, save-scumming. Characters can get injuries and die. You live with consequences.-Huge array of maps for multiplayer, with many options.-Seamless integreation of Single Player and Multiplayer. They are basially one and the same.-Unique campaign for each faction and a large single player experience.CONS:-The wealth of options can be overwhelming to new players. If this doesn't bother you, you'll love it.-The lack of dedicated MP support. Since the publisher didn't cough up the cash for dedicated servers, the community will need to start their own leagues. But nothing stops you from doing MP-only with friends. You will need an 'honor' system (and screenshots) to enforce MP only.-Hardcore gameplay can be a turn off. If you can't handle setbacks, you won't like this game.-AI still needs work. It can be challenging at first, but after a while it is fairly beatable. Of course, that's where MP comes in. Note the developers are still working on the AI.-""Only"" 4 warbands. If you want a lot of options they aren't here yet. That said, the four warbands offer immense options anyway. But if your a TT purist, or really want Undead or Dwarves, they aren't here yet.-The complex maps can sometimes cause issues with AI pathfinding, and you may not get why you cannot disengage from combat because some rock or skeleton is blocking your way.It has to be said the development team, Rogue Factor, has been truly amazing throughout the early acces in terms of accessibility, communication, and feedback. A number of suggestion I myself have made are in the game...they really listen to the community, beyond any other developer I've ever seen. They will continue to refine the game even after release, and if sales justifiy, it, they will add more Warbands and functionality.In the end, I found this to be an incredible game, well worth the $40 US. If you like warhammer, and deep turn based strategy, and want fully 3D maps that blow anything in the market away (XCOM has nothing on these maps) then this is the game for you.VERDICT: 8/10Improved MP support and AI will bump this up to a 9 or 9.5."
,Recommended,276810,19231648,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,スコロリと申します,"Valkyria Chronicles in a Warhammer Fantasy related universe, this is how I would describe Mordheim to friends with my full recommendation attached.I rate it highly as it is a hidden gem that values and celebrates sophisticated turn-based strategy. The modes and mechanics offer endless gameplay, be it online or in the multi-layered and extremely replayable campaign.It still needs optimisation and polish as it just came out of early access, other than that it is a dream come true for every turn-based strategy fan.If you like the flavour of TBS that Valkyria Chronicles presented and have a knack for the gritty and dark Warhammer Fantasy universe, then you will love this.9/10 - Brave, unique and absolutely needed game."
,Recommended,276810,19166097,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Vexing Vision,"I bought relatively early into Early Access, And I was super disappointed - the game was sluggish, unbalanced, boring and the multiplayer battles without consequences.And then I started again with the last patch, after taking half a year off.Boy did this get far. Mordheim is brilliant now. It's still a bit sluggish, a bit slow with the loading, but it's so, so, so much fun. While there's only four warbands, there's plenty of opportunity with different weapon styles and skillings to build your own unique troop. And every battle counts, every engagement could end badly for you.The AI isn't very good, but it gets lucky every now and then and manages to outflank you, so there's still a considerable risk. Mordheim teaches humility - like when your Matriarch tank loses her shield arm and can't enter Parry stance anymore, rendering her completely useless as a tank. And replacing her from the scratch will take a lot of time and training you might not have, as your commander expects a large delivery of warpstone soon!My initial disappointment is completely gone, and I'll be the first in line when new DLC featuring more warbands hits the store. It's so good, and so exciting."
,Recommended,276810,22837210,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,aidenh,"To be honest, i normally don't take the time to write reviews. This is one of my few exceptions. I bought this game when it was early access... because i love 40k... the video looked cool... and i thought that maybe i'd play it as one of my ï'm bored and i don't know what else to do""games.It developed slowly but consistently and i have to say that the devs have methodically ironed out the flaws as they've arised to make it a solid game. It now loads much faster, has few bugs, is genuinely fun and has beautiful little parts such as your warband members develping their own story over time. For example I was GENUINELY upset when ""Reject Ralph"" finally died. Reject Ralph was initially hired as a ""replacement"" gunner for when i was training one of my more valued... party disposables. Reject Ralph became a valued member of my party and... lost a leg... an arm... and an eye in service...! I was very upset the day when i realised that his little wooden leg would no longer be stepped upon and the sword held in his left hand (being no longer able to fire a rifle) would no longer swing... as i could not ""Ält + F4"" and load the game before his departure.In short, my review is outrageously positive due to the genuine investment in your party that the game makes you have. Moving forward, i would like to see a larger variety of maps, warbands and mission types but i have no doubt given the hstory of the developers that this will come.My thanks to the ""boredom game""that i actually rate highly in my library."
,Recommended,276810,13019077,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,Although the game is still in the early access staged I feel it has real potential and is a big improvement over the table top version. Instead of paying high prices for metal models i can just buy the game itself and play single player or multiplayer if I feel. Can't wait to see what else in in store down the road. Carnival of Chaos for the win -- hopefully!
76561198180423226,Recommended,276810,18599069,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,evilshane666,"Love it,  can't wait for a Necromunda version..hint...hint ...hint please."
76561198028141869,Recommended,276810,23077044,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Blunthammer,"I think this is truly excellent game, with a unique, well thought out take on turn based combat.Set in a rich (and slightly terrifying) environment that never seems to be the same map twice, thanks to the random(?) generation of traps, bridges and the destruction of structures.The 4 factions are well balanced and allow for surprisingly different play styles, thanks largely to their standard passive and Warband specific abilities (when you create a warband you'll see what I mean). Also, the DLC warriors are great. They add a real dynamism to the Warband.A word of warning though. This game is very unforgiving. You will make mistakes, you will overextend at some stage, hungry for Wyrdstone, your warriors will be permanently mutilated or die. Accept that. It is what makes winning a battle so exciting and losing so upsetting.If I could give the old me advice (250 hours ago), it would be:Never do maps where your Warband is scattered randomly - you are leaving them in the hands of the GodsWyrdstone is everything - try to do maps with the highest Wyrdstone rating possible, balancing difficulty.Fill every slot - hire all the warriors you can and rotate them to gain experience. It may take a little longer but that way when one loses a leg or gets brain trauma or dies, you won't be too upset.Be patient - Money is hard to come by and good gear doesn't begin to appear until at least level 4. That's fine. A time will come where you have all the money you want and can really invest in skills that suit your Warband and the gear you have.Lastly, thanks to the devs of this game. You clearly care about the game and the lore of Warhammer. Very good job."
,Recommended,276810,18594918,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Rampaging Tides,"So originally I had written a bad review mainly out of anger for the games difficultly. After realizing the DEV had actually REPLIED to that review and asked for elaboration I will now write an honest review, and that would be I like this game. My only gripe about this game is its difficulty at times may leave you pulling your hair out of your head in frustration, with repeated defeats dispite the overview claiming you are stronger then they are only lead to increased anger. Other then that however I do enjoy the games idea and mechanics. I also give props to the Devs for actually taking the time to look at bad reviews and actually see how they can improve. You guys are allready better then atleast 50% of Devs as a whole. Keep it up."
,Not Recommended,276810,15551648,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"Mordheim: City of the Damned isn't ready - Even for early access - plain and simple.While everything looks promising, I would not recommend anyone purchase this game until it's either released as the full game, or some significant advancements are made with the game as is. Right now, it's a $30 demo with extreme loading times, and most elements of the game missing - which might be forgivable outside of the fact that those elements are what would make the game worth investing any time in to at all right now.When I say extreme loading times, we are talking 3-5 minutes for a skirmish vs. A.I.The core components of the game are looking promising, but the camera clips constantly through the scenery, often placing the camera awkwardly below the ground behind your current unit during an attack. The U.I. is in desperate need of some revisions. Attribute checks, for example, are identified on one end of the screen, and display the result on the far end of the screen. This is poor design and should be a unified element in the center of the screen tying the attribute check directly to it's result. a tip should also be included to explain what a failure or success means - this feature should be enabled by default, but allow veteran players to turn it off to reduce screen clutter. This might seem a bit strange to say, but this game is so obsessed with hiding things from obvious view that it's overly streamlined.That said, if you turn on everything, it's certainly a lot of info so there is a balance to be struck, but the radial menu feels pretty good to use and would be where I would focus my attentions as the UI designer.The map needs work also. Getting the cursor over an element should identify that element - as is, the strategic value of the map is very dependant on how well you know each and every icon. Memorizing icons is not an edge which should exist.The lack of game modes is pretty egregious for a game they are asking $30 for - certainly it's understood that this is a game in Beta/Early Access, but as is, this is not a game experience, it's a demo that isn't worth playing in it's current state.The graphics are fine, but the models require some level of enhancement, especially on the highest settings. The rat ogre, upon whom I seem to get focused during opponent actions, is quite disappointingly rendered. There is no separation on the large front teeth, the fur and skin textures are flat and outside of the life you see in the armour, everything looks pretty dull.It's not all bad, of course. The game play is pretty spot on (even with the UI deserving a bit of a reworking) and the strategy of the game has been captured well in this digital interpretation. The movement of the Skaven is well animated, and the management/advancement element of the game which is only implemented in a skin-deep ""level your warband to 10 immediately"" demonstation, does look like it's going to do the job well and fulfill the needs of the Mordheim fans to level their warband up and craft it in their own unique ways.Long story short, pop this promising game on your follow or wishlist and wait for quite a few patches and updates before you throw any money down on it. Based on potential, this game is highly recommended for a future purchase. For early access, I would say skip this offering and find something that will give you a little more return on your investment.Early Access Score : 4/10Potential: 8/10Fun? 1/10Why? Because playing the AI seems to generate a random warband to face - and every time, they have been significantly more powerful than my warband. As in, they appear to have at least 6 actions to my 3. They hit 2 times harder, and twice as often. October 2015 release? we shall see."
76561198020665288,Recommended,276810,13320717,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ZigZagKill,"I use to play the board game, and now i am playing it again in the virtual world !So with that said I am a fanboy, and I am SUPER critical of gamesworkshop adaptations. So for none have met the standard or feel of any of the table top games , besides the DoW series and Blood Bowl which both are kinda hit and miss, but awesome none the less.This game is really good already in it's early access phase. And I can see that it is only going to get better. As it stands now ( an update for the third warband and new functions ,IE stat item allocation , is happening as I type this) you have the human Mercernaries and the Skaven Clan Eshin warbands. Customization is limited , as it is early , but it is getting there. The game is simple and complex at the sametime.The ui and function of each character is pretty self explanatory and if not, the information is easy to find. the Ui , in my opinion , is clean and not distracting. It doesn't break the immersion or distract the tactical mind.I have played both warbands ( awaiting the patch for the third warband Sisters of Mercy YUS! ) and both feel right.The only probelm i have so far , the devs are working on.... graphical bugs , camera clips , all the NORMAL stuff for an early game. It's the only thing that breaks teh immersion, and well at times can aid you or your opponent, as in unseen movement of enemy troops.I surely DO recommend this game IF you have patience and are willing to see the game grow and expect a game NOT finished, especially at this price of $31.99. As I know GW products tend to sell on the higher end of there produst platforms, nows teh time to get this. Just get it , don't play it , and when it releases with everything , jump on t , and be happy you saved money for a more finished product in the end.UPDATE: With the latest patch, giving us progression and scenarios - This game has become even MORE amazing than before. The devs are styaying true to the GW feel and mechanics. The models look amazing, the atmosphere amazing! The music puts you right n the mindest of the Warbands! UI has been further made user friendly, loading has ssen a decrease in time ( which is amazing !! ) .Injuries ( one of my skaven is missing an arm , and it shows, and it's amazing, he's got a dagger full of skittering anger ready ! ), downtime, wages, gear, consumables, magic , tactics, player progression - aside from indivdual warbands ( warbands are Mordheims word for gang or team )There are 4 warbands as of yet : Mercenary : soldiers looking for monies  Skaven : ratmen from Clan Eshin ( ninja / pirates ) Sisters of Sigmar : the holiest and angriest women alive >.< and Chaos : fiendish humans selling body parts for warp gifts and angry magic!All very well produced and very true to their playstyle.This is the best Early Access game I have ever purchased, and makes me believe in early access success.I keep coming back to it in between all my other follies of gaming, but this is the one you find yourself going "" Ok one more minute-mission...."" 4 hours later and 3 pots of coffeeEither way buy it, play it , enjoy it. Good game !"
76561198024050562,Not Recommended,276810,28663713,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spyder,"I still wish Steam had a ""neutral"" rating. While this game has a solid foundation and a very strong appeal, I cannot personally recommend it. If you're an XCOM player, or a player from the Mordheim Tabletop, then I advise caution when considering this game.If you are looking to play the game for story: Don't. It's pretty threadbare. Each faction has a campaign mode, but the vast majority of missions are pre-generated and monotonous. It feels unfair that a good chunk of the game's content is gated behind DLC when you consider the fact that each faction is doing the exact same thing.Let's start off with the basics. At the infancy of your warband, you have your leader, a hero, and three slots for henchman. As you progress through the game, your warriors become stronger through experience. You will eventually be able to have a total of 10 units on a mission, not including various factors. As you progress through missions, you'll eventually get a ""deadly mission"" that's classified as a story mission. This particular mission does not go away, so you can pursue it at your own leisure.But let's not mince words here; it's a big grind. This game is all about carefully grinding up your warband to a high level, just to have it fall to pieces on the next mission.For starters, the enemy AI is odd. You'll be sitting in place, waiting for the enemy to make goofy itineraries. Its units will always be superior to yours, assuming that their warband does not just scale with you right from the get-go. ""Normal difficulty"" really means ""equal in strength"". An easy solution for this is to simply bottle-neck your warband in a place where they can't be flushed from, and whittle down the enemy until you win. Hell, you can even kill the enemy's leader and the rest of the troops will defecate themselves and run.However, while this is going on, you're *supposed* to be collecting Wyrdstone. Your success is rather dependent on it. You will get smuggler missions where you need to collect a certain weight of Wyrdstone in an allotted amount of days, and if you mess around it will punish you.Another glaring issue with the game is its RNG. Now, you might be thinking to yourself, ""But XCOM is RNG!"". While this is a fair statement, the caveat is this: XCOM is fluent. Mordheim is not.I think the RNG in this game was created by a hardcore Warriors of Chaos player who thinks, ""But losing is fun!"" is an applicable ideology to game development.  The game has a number of mechanics which favor the AI, reinforcing the notion that the developers have an erection for the ""hardcore"" elements the game espouses so much. Let's take ambushes, for example. Basically, the ambushing warband gets bonuses to their attacks, while the defenders get penalties. Unless you have a warband built around Initiative, it's very likely that you will lose half of your warband before you can even get a hold of the situation. To me, this is not ""tactical"" or ""strategic"". It's an odd RNG algorithm giving you a giant middle finger just because it can.Finally, there's the UI. It is clunky, unwieldy, and not user friendly in the least bit. The control scheme is tied to the use of WASD movement. While the developers have vastly improved it since early access, it still feels like pulling teeth.But hey, with all that said, this is a perfect example of what G-Dubs does best. If you are someone who likes ""iron man"" challenges and pure RNG based games, I recommend this. If you are someone who does not like the fact you can lose hours upon hours of progress because of one bad roll, do not buy this game."
,Recommended,276810,13034108,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Jesden,"Enjoyable and Accurate.If you ever played Mordheim then you should enjoy this, it is of course early access, and therefore the full functionality and freedom gained from the table top isn't there yet, there is serious potential, and it is a loyal video game adaptation. here's looking forwards to what the devs have in store for us!"
,Recommended,276810,25983071,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Surebert,"Most of the reviews done by people have bias... I've put about 220+ hours into this game. Without a doubt it has it's flaws and perks. But for the most part people who would enjoy a solid tactical high stake team based tactical RPG, this one is worthy of a purchase. My bias is that I love the Warhammer world (40K-Fantasy), and honestly if you enjoy maiming rat ogres and mutants I think you’d appreciate it too.Pros- Every match is different (after about the 200 hour mark I felt like I had pretty much saw what the game had to offer).- large unit variety, there are probably thousands of different combinations to choose from within each warband… there are 6 total (including dlc’s announced so far)- Tons of loot and equipment variation- Different tactics in taking out your enemy… do you want to fight the enemy out in the open, or   would you rather sneak around and stab them in the♥♥♥♥♥♥- Interesting lore behind characters that add to RP values. I have a warband that is full of mishap war veterans, homeless mordheimers, and nut jobs... Dirty Dan is the master of man.- If you appreciate slow and meaningful plays (similar to that of chess or blood bowl) then you’ll get a kick out of this game.- Runs smooth, I have a dated computer and I’ve never had trouble running it well.Cons*Disclaimer* This is a budget game, and in certain ways it shows its face… be warned those of you who care about such things.- Graphics are dated (although the art is pretty satisfying)- There are still some annoying bugs in the game- Gameplay can get repetitive due to small number of game modes- Online play is pretty much non existent in a practical sense, I’ve had this game for a year now and I haven’t ever been able to play an online match (There are is a small community of hardcore guys who play online)Chances are if you know about this game/are interested in this game, you probably own it already. For those of you who don’t and are on a thread, these are the main selling points that I have found. Is the game sketchy, a bit. But does it redeem the sketchiness through awesome hardcore ghetto street fighting… ♥♥♥♥ yeah. I’d recommend it to any strategy lover, or anyone who likes a 16th century gang fight simulator.Have fun all you Mordheimers"
,Not Recommended,276810,19741000,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Zyxenfryx,"I want SO badly to like this game.  Against my better judgement, I can't stop playing.  A WHF game where you can PLAY as SKAVEN!  Woah!  Despite a very long early access, there are a ton of balance issues.  The game advertises itself as hardcore.  It is riding the wave from the dark souls ""difficult games are good"" bandwagon.  The problem is, it isn't difficult, it's unbalanced.  Percentages don't mean anything.  You'll have a 90% chance to hit an enemy and never hit them for the whole battle.  You may have a 90% chance to dodge, but the enemy will hit you 3 times in a row.  With 2 of them being crits.  I bought this game when it was first released in early access on steam, and it wasn't this bad back then.  A recent patch says it ""fixed"" the rng system.  Since the patch, I've just noticed getting critted more often and hitting the enemy less often.  Supposedly the unbalanced RNG system is put in to counter how bad the AI can be.  I'd rather have a smarter AI. There are also so many ways for a warband to get screwed to the point that they become unplayable.  Permanent injuries happen often.  Miss 4 payments of wyrdstone and no more single player mode.  If you get rid of a warrior because of an injury that makes them basically useless (severed leg on an already super slow warrior) and you can't afford one of the overpriced hired swords, then you have to hire a new guy at level 0.  He won't help at all and will just die because the enemies will still be leveled based on your warband's level.  Ok, I've ranted enough.  I'll still be playing this game occasionally because I am a skaven fangirl, but this game really needs some fixing."
76561198005666370,Recommended,276810,13085161,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Ax3,"This is just going to be AWESOME. Early access and its already like this!cant wait to see where this goes, and hopefully leads to NECROMUNDA."
,Not Recommended,276810,30048225,Posted: 19 February,all,LiterallyKony,"Originally I tried to refund this game but I had already played it for too long for that to be an option (2hrs is the threshold). So I put a lot of time and effort into liking this game. I read guides, warband builds, reddit posts and tried to apply all this information. Ultimately Mordheim: City of the Damned just does not deliver an experience to warrant anymore of my time or in all likelihood yours.  This is a big disapointment, as I love Mordheim the tabletop game and was hoping this adaptation would measure up. While there are definitely some things to enjoy about this game, a plethora of major and minute flaws make it overall unsatisfying.This game isn't hard on the wallet. I got it on sale for $12. But it's a timesink. I have 44hrs in and I haven't beaten a campaign yet. There are 4 campaigns (6 if you buy the DLC races). The campaign is a sparse peppering of special missions that come up as you level up. You level up by doing the unending supply of regular missions which have you fighting other warbands for loot. These are randomly generated and draw from a pool of maps, mission types and warband types. The enemy warbands scale to your warband or are stronger. There is a significant sense of difficulty, you can't screw around or your warband will get wasted. You also can't reload a save or undo a bad desicion so fights can get tense when you find yourself in a bad spot or one of your favorite warriors gets isolated and surrounded. Likewise the RNG system never really lets you feel comfortable or like you can take a battle for granted. The RNG system is fine, people accuse it of being broken or rigged, but it isn't. What it is, is frustrating. Because the warbands are always so close in relative power a few bad rolls can lose you a fight or leave you scrambling to cheese out a victory. Plans go out the window when your enemy succeeds 3 morale checks in a row and you fail your first attempt, meaning you lose. In many ways this is the game's greatest strength. Every contest is so close that small desicions matter, I've played plenty of games that would be vastly improved by some iteration of this approach. Unfortunately I don't think this was executed well enough to make the game fun.Let's talk specifics. I read a guide which suggested that you would probably have to start one or two warbands and have them fail or become to injured to make it worth continuing. This seems like it would be kind of cool. The stakes are so high that when you finally do succeed it will be that much sweeter. In practice you'll evenutally figure out that you need to build your warband around ganging up on your enemy .If a unit is left by himself, they must make a leadership check or break and run, giving you an oppurtunity to make a free attack for every person in proximity to the fleeing target. This is the game. Surround them, make them run, kill them with the free attacks, repeat. You will basic melee attack thousands of times. There are ranged weapons and magic but don't worry we'll crush those dreams later. Because of the scaling it will never be a good idea to go one on one. My beefed up Cult of the Possessed leader learned this by charging at a Witch Hunter and rolling 3 misses in a row and then getting killed in one round. This would have been funny, if I hadn't put a ♥♥♥♥load of time and resources into buffing up his defenses so this shouldn't happen. This moves us to the leveling up. It's kind of cool as every fight you'll get a few bonuses to make your warriors stronger. This game is full of little micro advantages and disadvantages. My problem with this is that this when combined with the fact that other warbands always scale to your level or above it, you'll never really feel a sense of significant progress. You can devote intense resources to making a warrior intensely tanky or to do a lot of damage but the changes are so small that they will only be slightly different then the generic dude beside them. Likewise the customization is weak. There are few meaningful options. A slightly different haircut or a off color shade of brown is all the seperates your goons from there's. You'll often fight warbands populated with guys who look just like yours. There's no flavour text or background as to why you are fighting, other then they were there. Also don't bother remembering the specific warbands you fight. If you're looking for revenge or to steal back that ♥♥♥♥ing magic hammer they looted off your corpse then you're out of luck. All the enemy warbands are randomly generated so don't look for continuity there.My leader was a mage and I wasn't getting a lot of millage out of his spells. Infact all the stuff he could learn seemed like a colossal waste compared to him just running in and doing basic attacks. So I read up on magic to see if this was a universal problem. The answer was yes and no. Helpful members of the community were more than happy to point out that nothing was wrong with the spell system, merely that my question, playstyle and general attitude were the real problem. Apparently magic becomes a viable strategy once you get to level 10 and can afford to spend all your gold on spells and talents. For context, 10 is the highest level you can get to. I think this sort of speaks volumes to the type of person you should be if you think you will thorougly enjoy this game. If you think it's reasonable that an entire aspect of the game is useless until you get to the end of the game then sign right up. Likewise ranged combat isn't recommended until your warband has a posse of level 5 tough guys to bodyguard the delicate flowers who can shoot people. This isn't set in stone or a law you must follow. There's probably some masochist out there or someone with 200+ hrs logged who decided to only use spells and guns or something. But after awhile you will get tired of losing and having your people get injured to the point of uselessness or death. Likewise being broke all the time in this game is about as fun as it is in real life. So you will grind out win after win, by swarming people in 3v1s, using basic melee attacks and trying to get them to break and run.This is the fundamental flaw in this game. For a game that boasts of an immense learning curve and challenges you to eek out every advantage you can, it does everything it can to punish you for taking risks and limits your viable options. Ranged attacks do less damage then melee, have penalties to firing into combat and require complete specialization to be useful. Your spell caster will take a risk to try a spell only to have it backfire, leaving him stunned on the ground, waiting to be pulped by whoever is passing by. Daring flanking maneuvers will blow up in your face, giving your enemy the chance to 3v1 you. These risk vs reward scenarios will tempt you over and over. But the conclusion is that there is no downside to bunching your whole team together and swarming out of position enemy units, it's all reward no risk. Even the special missions boiled down to this. I rarely lose at this game but two of these came when I became so bored with the long and drawn out special missions that I stopped playing it safe. I was immediately punished and a bloodthrister popped out of a closet I hadn't check yet and layed wasted to my spread out team. For me this came down to the game rewarding me for being boring and punishing me for having fun. I would go back to school if I wanted that.TL:DR - Play this game if you have a lot of time and patience. Otherwise the repeatative gameplay and lack of progression will break you."
76561197965396869,Recommended,276810,24353391,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Macdallan,"I want to love this game.I like it, but I want to love it.  It's just not quite there yet.  The good news is the dev. team seems to be very, very active and also receptive to some player suggestions.  The DLC is not too expensive, but for what it offers I'm waiting on a sale.I think that some of the detail in the graphic design is amazing in some instances, and only so-so in others.  Overall, it's fairly good.  But graphics aren't everything.  The setting is interesting but levels sometimes feel a bit repetitive.  I's turn based strategy and that's a bonus for me.The buildings are well detailed and generally the characters are also quite detailed.  Where the graphics fall short is repetitiveness.  Everything eventually starts to look like everything else.  Sometimes there's just too much going on in the scenery and I find that takes away from the game.  It may improve as I progress, I hope it does.The inventory system is odd.  Not what you wield or wear but what you can pick up during a mission.  It's completely dependant on strength, but makes no sense.  Wyrdstone orders from your ""boss"" come with a weight requirement, and each of the three sizes of wyrdstone weigh a different amount.  Herer's the part that makes no sense to me.  You can carry one piece of any size in one inventory ""slot"".  The weight doesn't matter.  Say your strength is high enough for 3 inventory slots.  You can carry 3 of anything.  3 shields, plus the one you're wielding in your off hand.  Or 3 small potion vials.  Or 3 pieces of wyrdstone of any size.  It's still workable, though, and you can take quite a few characters on a mission and most will have 2 or 3 inventory slots, or more, so it's not that bad.Maybe I find it odd that inventory is so simplified because there are so.  Many.  Stats.  So many options, so many skills.  But an over-simplified inventory system while actually playing levels.  And you can't drop anything.  The only option to drop something, really, is to go back to your cart and put things in the chest.  This, my friends, is ridiculous.  If I can pick up something, I can put it back down.  Come on now.  I know, I know, it's something to do with the table-top game it's based on.  But it's not a table top game, so....  Well, enough about that.  It's not that big of a deal, just make sure you remember who picked stuff up because there's no easy way to check who's carrying what.  I can't usually tell and I still haven't found a way to check.The depth in the stats and level system is deeper than most games.  The characters are interesting enough, and can be customized to some degree by carrying different gear or wearing different items.  Despite that, one Skaven assassin looks like the next to me, and the same goes for the humans, they all start to look the same pretty quick.Here's where you start to really customize.  Stats can be upgraded as you gain experience in battles.  They are not just strength and toughnes and intelligence, like your standard RPGs, but also your combat related abilities like parrying a blow, dodging and accuracy.  These points are earned through missions and skill training and they do not come quickly.  I think the slower progression is good because you place more value on the gains when they do come.There are a *LOT* of skills.  You can build characters to perform in a very wide variety of ways.  You can make them fast and nimble, climibing around with ease and dodging almost any attack.  You can make them hard-hitting brutes, tough as nails but maybe not as nimble as their counterparts.  You can focus on melee, or range, or a mixture, or magic, or simply not focus at all and be a generalist.  Which can, actually, work because sometimes you come up against a foe that can counter your main focus, so if you haven't got a backup plan, you might find yourself in a spot of bother.So far the missions are repetitive, but I find they're usually fun.  Some levels are difficult to navigate with tonnes of jumps and winding streets.  Others are more open.  This is a good thing because it gives some variety, despite the repetitive nature of the game I've seen thus far.  It forces you to modify your tactics accordingly and you don't know what the maps will look like until you actually get in them.  You can't stack your team for range attacks only because you might be in tight quarters.  You don't want to go too heavy on melee, because if there's alot of open ground and vantage points, you'll get picked apart.  If the win-some lose-some AI is having a good day, that is.  I've had alot of luck with Skaven melee fighters since they cover a lot of ground fairly quickly.In addition to straight up fighting face to face - you can set ambushes, or stumble into them.  You can lure people into traps that you nealy bumbled into yourself, if you set yourself up in the right place and wait.  There are a lot of combat options, but I find it odd that certain warbands can only equip certain weapons.  Why can't a certain character figure out which end of an axe to hold on to, yet can easily swing a polearm that also has the pointy-sharpy end and holdy-dull end, but just a tad shorter?  Probably a game balance thing.  Same reason you can't take four ""leaders' and six ""heroes"" into a fight.  Starting off you get a leader, a hero or two and a few henchmen.  As you play more your warband ""levels up""allowing you to bring a few more along on a mission.You keep what you pick up on each mission, plus a percentage of other loot.  It seems to be based on a percentage per character you bring in to a mission, so the more the merrier - but beware, each time you go on a mission your warband expects pay.  The more you take out, the more you pay when you come back.  You don't pay 'em until the job is done, but they won't work for you again until you pay them.  Run out of coin and you'll have to sell gear, or wyrdstone, to pay them.  You also pay to treat their wounds.Speaking of wounds, they take days to heal, so your fighters can be out of the game for a while.  Luckily you can have backup waiting in the wings.  Hiring costs coin, but if they don't go fight, they don't get paid, so once you have them they don't cost upkeep if they're not going on missions.  Training also takes days, usually a few, plus a lot of coin to learn new skills.  There's no explanation why it costs money and training tokens (or points, whatever you want to call them), but it does.  Keeps you poor, too... most training starts at 90 coins and goes way up from there.  Luckily wyrdstone sells for a good amount of coin.  I two small batches to two separate factoins and earned over 300 coins on the transaction.... and if you're wondering why your warband is fighting, it's for wyrdstone.  You get ""orders' for the stuff from your boss, basically, and have to send a certain weight of wyrdstone in a certain amount of time.  I don't know what happens if you don't, because I have not yet failed to send the required amount.  You get paid for those orders, but at what seems like a reduced rate.  You can, however, eventually bring it up to a better rate.  The other sales seem to fetch full value, but be warned, sell too much to one party usually means they start to pay less.  Supply and demand, you know.I can't really get into all the nuances of the game.  I'd be writing for hours.  Suffice to say it's decent, and if you like turn based strategy, it's worth a look.  Be warned, however, the AI is wonky.  Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's just plain stupid.  Which is fine by me, my Skaven love it when enemy archers get a bit too close-near.  Which doesn't have to be all that close because the Skaven are pretty fast-quick. (Skaven double talk-speak a lot-much.)So, despite some negatives, I like the game.  Take a peek, watch some gameplay videos and, maybe give it a try."
76561198003916272,Recommended,276810,17414412,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,henrik716,"Very cool and balanced game. Only needs more playable warbands like greenskins, dorf etc..Would also be cool if they implemented 2v2."
76561197985072747,Recommended,276810,14342632,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Games Workshop Board Game ConversionDisclaimer - I have only played one skirmish game. Although that is really all you can play at the moment. I saw people moaning it was targetted at console users. I used a keyboard/mouse and it as fine (you just need to get used to using Q & E to flick through abilitys). A controller can be used just as well if not a bit better though. The skirmish was hella' fun and left me wanting more. So why haven't I played it more? Because this is such an early build I want to wait and enjoy it properly.You move your 'pieces' with nice 3D graphics in real time, that actually counts as a turn. You engage the enemy and try and rout them or complete optional objectives. My optional objective was collect 16 warpstones, but due to restricted capacity there was no point in this so I just engaged the enemy. You can climb to higher ground with the risk of falling and the various units are unique (such as a stupidity check for a Rat Ogre, spell casters etc.). There is loads of potential here with a campaign, progression and equipment for your squad. There are four diverse squads at the moment. I used the Skaven and they stayed true to the Warhammer universe. So a great game is lying in wait here, but don't get it just yet, unless you can get a discount or a Games Workshop obsessive like me."
76561198025508875,Recommended,276810,19551306,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,titswhitus,"Let me tell you the tale of Kashmet, the One Armed Rat.Kashmet was recruited to be the commander of the Vargen Front. A Scaven warband tasked at recovering warpstone from the depths of Mordheim. Kashmet had a loyal warband behind him. His officers, Mik Varr and Drac Rat watched his back and as he led them to victory over and over. As the Vargen Front grew so did they the attention of larger warbands that feared the rats may steal their warp stone from under their noses. Be it overconfidence or stubbornness, the Vargen Front decided to attack the rather powerful 'Cult of the Possesed.' The battle ended in a decisive defeat. Several clan rats where slain and the commanders all suffered permanent injury. Drac Rat lost a leg, but he shrugged it off. He was already slow from the heavy armor he wore, being a little bit slower won't hurt. Mik Varr lost his right eye, limiting his aim with ranged weapons, but as an assassin he preferred to stab his opponents in the back anyway. Kashmet lost an arm though. He could no longer wield his dual warp blades, who's green glow struck fear in his enemies. Unsure of his usefullness, Kashmet went into battle wielding only a club. Instead of being a handicap to the team, Kashmet beat indescribable amounts of♥♥♥♥♥ Not afraid of death, he charged headfirst into battle with his club. Many a foe received a cracked skull at his hand. Fear of the One Armed Rat spread through the rivaling warbands. Under the leadership of the One Armed Rat, the Vargen Front: Decimated the Cult of the Possessed, Burned Empire ship yards, and destroyed the burrows of the Black Paw Clan. Kashmet's status in the Under Empire grew and grew, but all great hero's must fall. The Vargen Front was charged with destroying the Temple of Sigmar in the name of the Horned Rat. An ambitious mission that Kashmet was honored to accept. It was during this mission that the One Armed Rat squared off against a Maiden of Sigmar. As an elite unit, Maiden's of Sigmar are avatars of the god. Normally one would not face such an impressive foe alone, but drastic times called for drastic decisions. The Vargen Front's flank had been broken. A Matriarch and lesser sisters has reached the more delicate members of the warband and Mik Varr's scouts had suffered injuries and to fall back. As the warp guards reinforced the flank, the Maiden showed her self. She approached wrapped in a holy light carrying a mighty war hammer. She had to be held off until the warband could reorganize their ranks. Kashmet met the Maiden in one on one combat. The Maiden hit hard, but Kashmet was fast. He dodged her slow, but powerful blows and lashed back over and over. Slowly he whittled her down. With gnashing teeth and cunning feats of agility, the One Armed Rat seemed to be besting the Maiden until she finally land a blow. Her mighty war hammer brutaly caved in the skull of the One Armed Rat, slaying him. Although their leader was defeated, the Vargen Front still achieved victory. The Temple Burned in the name of the One Armed Rat.That wall of text was the story of my favorite character from Mordheim: City of the Dammed. I have never cared so much about any character I have created in any game. He died a few days ago and I am still sad about it.About the game though. Mordheim is a tactical rpg like Fire Emblem or XCOM. Just like those games it is absolutely brutal. When a unit is defeated in battle, instead of dying right there, they have a chance to just be injured. It can be a light wound or a permanent injury. You can chose from 4 different warbands, Scaven, Sisters of Sigmar, Cult of the Possessed, and Empire Mercenaries. The aim of the game is to scavenge the fallen city of Mordheim for Ward Stone and sell it for profit. As your warband grows you can hire new units, level up each units stats, and buy new gear for individual units. Its a complex game with a very high learning curve. The online play is brutal because your units can still be injured, but it feels so good to get the hate mail when you kill some fools. The developers are very active and the game receives patches every two weeks. They plan on adding new warbands soon. This is without a doubt my favorite game of the year."
76561197970694675,Recommended,276810,19247506,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jarrid,"Do you like the idea of physically cringing when any of your warband get a hit you KNOW will possibly mean the loss of a limb later? Or getting impotent rage at the screen when you're deployed in the WORST possible places on the map?It's all here and more! Mordheim is a great tactical game full of deep tactical opportunities and ways you can customise your own warband to lead on to glory. Don't expect to have everything your own way though, as the best part about this game is it's ability to throw you into random and deadly situations where you have to think on your feet about how to get your people out of there alive. It's normal to have a few veterans after a few levels to be missing an eye, limb or both, which just adds flavour and story to your band of intrepid treasure hunters!Very fun, very addictive, highly recommended. Would lose an arm again."
76561198027331282,Not Recommended,276810,31072305,Posted: 10 April,all,Your Favorite Dwarf,"I want to like this game--I really do--but it doesn't feel .  The amount of playtime on my account is a little deceptive (as the vast majority of my experience with the game comes from watching others play and backseat gaming with them), but my criticisms are largely echoed in some of the other negative reviews here, so I don't feel as though my observations are incorrect.The first of my gripes with the game is the lack of focus.  I never played the tabletop version of Mordeheim, but I heard it mentioned that there are two different ""phases"" of the game that have been combined for the purposes of this game.  To be honest, that doesn't surprise me.  If you don't collect all of the loot on the map, you get practically nothing except to walk home with a beat-to-hell warband.  This is the first game I've ever played where I've felt punished by kicking butt and taking names, which is incredibly confusing.  What's the point of making combat so hardcore and brutal that warbands have to focus on decimating their opponents in order not to get demolished in turn, only to punish them for doing so and not exploring the map?  It makes no sense.The second is the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor RNG system.  Tell me that it's just the nature of dice-rolling all you'd like, I have a hard time believing that missing 5-6 times in a row with an 89% chance to hit (and doing so consistently; almost every game I've been a part of goes the same way) is just bad luck.  It feels like the game is actively working against you, especially when the opponent nonchalantly murders all of your minions because, no matter how tactically you plan out your approach, your troops couldn't hit the broad side of a barn.  I've played enough XCOM to not feel disheartened by my opponents' weapons doing substantially more than mine in the beginning of the game (it would be incredibly boring if you didn't have to work for those early victories), but being wholly unable to hit your opponent with your wet noodle of a sword and getting cut down because of it just makes the game feel tedious.The game looks beautiful, and Warhammer is one of my favorite fantasy universes ever, so I came into this heavily biased towards liking it.  It just doesn't feel fair.  ""Fair"" isn't a euphamism for ""coddled"", here; the game just feels unbalanced to the point of being a wholly miserable experience despite the flashes of brilliance it occasionally displays.  I want to like it, I really do, but my experience here has just kind of left a bad taste in my mouth."
76561198073188554,Recommended,276810,29533650,Posted: 27 January,all,geospheremusic,"Absolutely brutal.  Horribly tough.  Grotesque and unforgiving.You gain perks the more you play, so things will get easier as you as a player level up in addition to levelling up your dudes.If your dudes don't... get maimed, dismembered, mutilated and demoralized.  Getting money to pay your wretched crew is tight, supplying the local powers with the Wyrdstone they want is tough, and although your guys may qualify for a new minor skill, you rarely have the cash lying around.Tactically, it is harsh and unforgiving.  If is for hardcore players who will not throw their computer out when a major upgraded character is permanently killed.  It is dark and vile in all the most amazing ways.This is X-Com for the sewer dwellers.And it is absolutely riveting."
,Recommended,276810,33965116,Posted: 1 August,all,Pugilist,"In my opinion Mordheim: City of the Damned is a fantastic game. It delivers on all of it's promises. If you enjoy turn based, tactical, skirmish combat games and enjoy having lots of ways to customize your team you'll greatly enjoy it.This does come with a word of warning however, Mordheim is secretly a harcore rogue-like.  (TL;DR warning)We usually reserve the term for games that instantly take advantage of any weakness you show and punish you harshly for it. Normally you see this manifesting in games as instant, or near instant death. You make a mistake, all progress is lost, restart at the latest checkpoint.Mordheim however, punishes you differently.Characters in Mordheim follow the standard RPG system. Every character has a list of stats that determine how well they do things. As a character progresses those stats increase, they gain skill points, and in combination with equipment you can specialize and customize the character. To fully level up and customize a character takes a lot of time and energy, and it shows in the mechanics of the game. Characters in Mordheim as a whole are worth more than the sum of their stats, skills, and equipment.Mordheim features an injury system, every time a character runs out of HP they have a chance of facing something worse than a nasty bruise. Generally this is something that fully heals within 2 days, in bad cases sometimes 5 days. Sometimes however, the injuries are worse.  Every time a character is knocked out there’s a chance they could permanently lose some HP or become worse at aiming due to a maimed hand. For the full list look here,https://mordheimcotd.gamepedia.com/Injuries, and it gets even better!Combat is unforgiving. Positioning is essential and the game does an amazing job making that difficult. The maps and objectives will make you want to weaken your positioning constantly. Assuming you position yourself perfectly, there is still RNG, and thus still a chance for everything to go horribly wrong. This combined with a warband's story being a marathon means things will go wrong eventually.All of this together means that sooner or later, your characters are going to face permanent injuries that are often career ending. All of your time and effort will be swept away by picking up 1 more wyrdstone than you could have.There are no save points, there is no easy mode, and there are no guarantees. This is a hardcore rogue-like.Mordheim: City of the Damned is a marathon obstacle course that will kill you by a thousand cuts and the occasional bonk on the head. That's what makes it satisfying.TL;DR, Think fantasy XCOM permanently on hardmode, then add more RPG, make it 5 times as long, and there’s 4-6 unique factions.P.S.Start out with the Sister's of Sigmar. All of their units excel at being super tanks, and their casters can AOE heal."
76561198060734390,Recommended,276810,23606347,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DimensionHatross,"If you're looking at the reviews, then this game already appeals to you on some level; maybe you enjoy turn based RPGs, games like XCOM, or board game/table tops?If so, I can't think of a reason to hesitate in picking this game up. It's punishing but it's immersive, time-absorbing and very rewarding.It's a weighty and substantial tactical offering that any fan of the genre should play really.I will add one caveat, given the trend of reviews since the sale started. If you want instant gratification and are unfamilar with how RNG works, or are unwilling to get over the tough start at the beginning, then maybe you should proceed with caution. For everyone else, enjoy :)"
76561198002050827,Recommended,276810,13048751,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Sybaris,"Looks like a great way to get into Mordheim again. And for those who didn't delve into the tabletop game before, it's a fun setting and a good game from Games Workshop (see Blood Bowl for another great title).The early access doesn't show what Mordheim really is about though, which is to have your own warband and see it develop or die a fiery death in the city. What the early access does show, however, is that the system will be intuitive, the commands simple and the player has time to think about tactics rather than interface. Overall the mood is quite thrilling, i was on my toes to see if my men would live to see another day."
76561197971472889,Recommended,276810,25572635,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Irong,"This game is not going to be for everyone. Here’s a checklist for deciding whether or not you should buy it:You like turn based, squad level tactical games. For instance Xcom or anything from the Jagged Alliance series.You like harder games that actually have consequence. Ever play Xcom on Ironman mode? Do you like roguelikes with perma-death? This game has it.You know and like the source material, are a fan of GW’s WFB world, or played Mordheim on the tabletop, and are looking for a game that somewhat replicates that experience in a PC setting.If you can say yes to 1 and 2 then you should probably buy it, assuming you don’t hate the fantasy genre. If you say yes to all 3 then buy away, no question.It’s an interesting game. The UI needs a little work, but it’s not unplayable or broken. The models look great, and the dev team is adding more warbands. 5 are currently in the game if you buy the witch hunter dlc. The game is mostly about the single player experience with the option to take your warband into multiplayer with either consequence or no consequence depending on your choice. I have not done multiplayer yet so will refrain from commenting further on it until I have done so."
,Recommended,276810,20559069,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kaptin Kittunz ッ,"Probably 6/10TL:DR- Great game but has lots of issues that will make you tear your hair out from frustration!I'd like to say that i really enjoy this game and it does have issues i found to be very noticeable, but i still liked my play of it. So here is my long review and two cents, i hope you enjoy reading itTo begin with i'll mention the great -The game is set in the warhammer universe and the atmosphere of the game perfectly captures the chaotic and ruined hellscape of the ruined city of mordheim, you play as one of four warbands in your quest to plunder the city's riches and satiate the lust of your contractor, whom you must regularly send shipments of treasure (Wyrdstone) to or you suffer severe consequences.The city is tremendously pretty to adventure in, and by that i mean the maps are rather detailed and there are plenty of nods to warhammer lore.The game is turn based with an RNG system and rather similar to xcom in that you have your little ""Base"" where you do all sorts of things such as customisation of your henchmen, buying equipment and so on, as well as the fact that you send your troops off to battles around the city to loot and otherwise stab the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anyone that gets in your way. The game also contains permadeath, mutations, and permanent injuries too, to spice things up a bit. But they can also result in you wishing to fire a henchman as it is largely a hindrance when your tank darksoul gets his shield arm severed..The battles are rather intense at times, always keeping you on your toes and rarely forgiving of mistakes, and the loot is absolutely worth it if you take those risks.The game also contains a LOT of different weapons, each with their own benefits and drawbacks and so this allows you to tailor your warband to your tastes and play style, allowing for sneaky light armoured guys that run around shooting things from rooftops, heavily armoured guys that run around bonking things with big weapons, etcThe game has quite the ""narrative"" sort of system going for it as well, for example i have frequently conversed with my friends as to how their warbands are going and we will tell stories of how our henchmen only just barely made it out alive of battles with their lives intact, or how many people lost numerous limbs in one battle, or how even a single skaven went around on a luck streak beating the brains out of half an enemy warband.Other times we will mourn the passing of our level 10 henchmen that we literally spent over a hundred hours playing with and have uncountable stories with.This is further reinforced by the fact that you may rename your characters, and even add bios to them to make them feel more lifelike (and to make you cry more when they inevitably perish due to the city of the damned).Now, positives aside... there are some things that bother meOk, so mordheim is typically described as a ""hardcore"" game, and while it could be said that it certainly is, the problem is that this comes from the fact that most scenarios you are put in are actually...rather unfair.Now hear me out for a second - during all battles, even on easy as far as i know, the AI always brings more units than you, and with an increase in difficulty, the more units they bring than you. To make matters worse, their stats are also ALWAYS better than you, even on easy difficulty. And to further makes things harder, on any difficulty beyond hard (which is the second easiest difficulty ironically), Chaos Daemons show up on the map and rapetrain everything in sight. It's to the point where they either destroy your entire warband, perma killing half due to the level of♥♥♥♥♥♥and permanently injuring the other half of your warband OR the daemon turns on the AI warband and you run around looting every orifice of the map while the AI gets butchered helplessly.If by some strange chance you do manage to take out the daemon as it flails it's arms around the map relentlessly, you typically won't have enough leftover soldiers to actually damage the opposing warband, it took my entire warband to take out a frickin daemon just to have an entire imperial warband rock up immediately after with their pockets stuffed with half of the city's treasure and then proceed to jam their swords into my moist chaos buttocks.Further reinforcing how i feel about the game being unfair to a certain degree, is the campaign. The campaign missions are VERY hard. Very, very, hard. Even if i outclass the opponent's warband rating by 500 points.So how does that work?Well, the campaign levels are always unique to the mission and typically have lots of features you dont normally find in typical missions, such as opening doors, teleporters, weird♥♥♥♥♥daemon things, special abilities, even a unique character to come with you and so on. This means that campaign missions typically take 2-3 tries, at least for me.In which the first try was typically scouting around the map and inevitably having that be my downfall as i am forced to cluster all my soldiers for their own safety (So that they can pile into combat if an opponent reveals themself) and then find out that is a great way to clog up the corridors and get the reverse of what i wanted (One or two guys attacking one AI which eventually chews through them and then the next two unlucky sods step up to get their genitals torn off by the AI)And then if you fail the mission to begin with, your henchmen are typically rather heavily wounded, possibly for several in game weeks and maybe even missing some of their wargear. This means you must wait quite some time before you're ready to take on the campaign mission again, keep in mind you're still fighting AI which outclasses you always AND in campaign missions the AI never retreats AND respawns.Now, for my final complaint about the game i will detail what actually made me stop playing the game..In the late chaos campaign, i had to assault a bridge which was owned by a mutated ogre, and his chaos possessed henchmen. This mission is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and takes the ""unfair"" to the stratosphere.I will now explain why - Your warband starts off in tunnels underneath the bridge, you must take out a skaven and his rat ogre bodyguard. Ok. not too difficult.However you must then spend several turns of yours then looting the tunnels for skaven gas bombs and then ""imbuing"" them back at your spawn with some spoopy extra ability that lets you take out the damn ogre in the mission to begin with, so this is like 5 extra minutes of tedious movement. Ok... so not as bad as it could be.But, once you eventually get your little pixelated dudes to the top of the bridge, you must loot some rags in the ruined houses and dip them in oil to convert them into oil bombs in order to hurt ANY of the extremely powerful henchmen of the ogre. This is done by throwing said oil bombs at the henchmen and then piling into combat with them.The problems are as follows-1. The rags are in random locations2. I can almost guarantee one of the henchmen will see and pursue you3. The oil to dip the rags in.....is next to the ogre's lair...4. If you dont oil bomb the henchmen, they can reap your soldiers and won't stop until you bomb them and kill themThis gets worse because if you attack the henchmen when they're not debuffed from the oil bombs...then your attacks heal them instead.So you can undo like ten minutes of fighting if you fail to realise that the oil has worn off and then you accidently heal them back to full by chopping them once.The same problems go with the ogre too, but are magnified greatly. the only way to kill him and his 1000hp is to douse him in BOTH the skaven gas bombs mentioned earlier AND the oil bombs. Otherwise he just nukes your warband and you cant do anything.running out of space to rant so i gotta call it a day..haha"
,Recommended,276810,29354970,Posted: 19 January,all,GodfatherPlunger,"Pros:- it is hard, but not as hard as many say it is ! I am not a strategy god, but what some write here in the reviews is just BS !If u don't suck completely that is...I lost my first warband after like 10 missions and that is okay ffs ! Since then I have adapted and I am still playing with same warband after 40 missions or so. It is still hard, but doable.- not unfair: yes, sometimes u have bad rolls, but the ai has too. And yes, I had situations that made me furious, but thats just what happens if everything is based on dice rolls... U just have to play good to balance out the odds.I think everyone in the reviews who cries about the rng has never played pen and paper rpgs. Thats just what happens !- nice art style/lore adaption. most of the units and maps look pretty cool.- customization with skills, items and visuals- the factions seem balanced (at least in general)- the controls aren't annoying or overly complex imo. some think they are, but moving around with wasd and clicking on an enemy to attack them/scrolling through abilitys isn't that complex ^^- good risk/reward economy systemneutral:- the base game features 4 warbands which is enough, so u don't need the dlcs- the ui is all over the place, BUT u can just hide most of it and I like the possibilty of showing all the stats etc.cons:- sometimes the ai gets stuck with their impressive units- the ""story"" is basicly just special missions which feel different gameplay-wise, but the game wouldn't be different for me if it had no story at all. But thats just me.- no multiplayer matchmaking :/"
,Recommended,276810,14816531,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nicelikewoah,"Really fun game, and this is coming from someone who does not like turn based games. The combat is fun but think of this as an interesting game of chess. The factions are a lot of fun though the persistent warbands are going to make this game worth playing match after match.Currently with the game in such early stages its hard to find matches as no one plays match after match because there is no real progression yet.Game is defintely worth buying. Though if its not on sale I would just wait until release."
76561198030149924,Not Recommended,276810,20293541,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WarFerret,"Down-voting this game. The devs have time and time again posted how they want the game to be HARD CORE. They have done everything they can to ensure that players who want an easier difficulty are pushed about and insulted in their community forums. They went out of their way to keep people from save-scumming their warbands. The AI isnt smarter at higher difficulties- it just gets extra HP/Damage/Stats % across the board instead. The AI warbands ratings are always based on your own warband point rating and then modified with extra points(gear/stats/weaponsetc) to make it always an uneven fight in favor of the AI. The AI doesn't have to worry about trying to collect wyrdstone to keep its warboss shipments up.. while you do. The # of enemies in a warband will always mirror the # of enemies in your warband for the AI. Basically the Devs decided thatA) You can't really want a more casual experience for the game, you can't WANT it because they say so. Screw you if you dont like it. That is how they come across any time it comes up.B) The AI was never really made to do anything except charge right at you and fight to the death. Individually each AI warband member will be strong and faster and have more health than your warband members - because it always gets a % boost across the board to its stats and rating. They will also be dumb .. and just run right at you the second they see you. Even if waiting 1 round would be the difference between them hitting you 1 at a time .. or all together. No tactics. No strategy.C) Basically I dislike any company that goes out of its way to eliminate savescumming or the like from its single player campaign aspects. It isn't really, IMHO, their concern if someone wants to reload a game where something nasty happened to them while they were playing a computer AI. There is no one harmed by such a deed and their claim that it somehow harms the enjoyment of the game doesn't hold water. THEM telling YOU what you enjoy and do not enjoy is straight ridiculous."
76561197975972118,Recommended,276810,32547303,Posted: 18 June,all,Ex_Libris,"I think a lot of people can easily hate on this game when they are used to being successful with minimal effort in other games. The RNG can be frustrating, but that is life, and most importantly, it is Warhammer. A 78% chance to hit is not 100%, so if you miss those from time to time you just have to roll with the punches.As someone mentioned earlier positioning is important. Having cover from one or two sides will protect you from getting flanked, and if you can get the enemy single file or otherwise block them from maneuvering around you, it offers a great advantage in combat. That being said, there is a lot more to it than this. Early in the game you can win fights by just having a better position, but if you dont have the right skills or equipment, the enemy will whittle down your fighter and eventually defeat him. Even more so if the enemy team has a magic user, a few Sigmar's comets is enough to bring any fighter down, regardless of position.Leveling up is pretty basic, if you perform well in combat everyone gets some XP and maybe a skill point or two to spend on advancement. Getting better equipment comes pretty quickly after winning a few fights, but getting magic and enchanted equipment can take a long time which I feel is a good balance.Early on you will be hurting for gold, and taking a lot of risks to get wyrdstone to complete your shipments, which I feel is a good comparison to the actual Warhammer Mordheim minitaures skirmism game. I played a lot of that back in the day and the whole thing was a scramble for resources and I feel this video game kept true to that feeling.The story missions are fun, but a lot more challenging that norming campaign missions. I appreciate that they take place in unique locations, especially the burning library with a huge demon inside of it.Overall a good game and a faithful representation of the original Warhammer tabletop skirmish game it is based on. If your only exposure to the grim and perilous world of Warhammer is video games, you may want to temper your expectations of the level of success you might obtain compared to the level of tactical effort you must put forth. In short, if you try hard you might win. If you dont try hard, you wont win."
,Not Recommended,276810,19548423,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,UQRAX,"It's too bad this game makes itself so hard to recommend to anyone, since somewhere underneath this game's problems hides some interesting tactical turn-based strategy fun.Issues I've had with the game so far:- Ironman *only*. It's not possible to create and load saves.- Missions completion is very unsatisfying. The missions I've played so far have all instantly ended in victory after a morale check fail on the enemy's turn. There is no chance to prevent enemies from escaping and kill them, or to loot their goodies or to explore the map after a hidden dice roll decided the game is over. Instead, there is a message informing you that the mission is completed. Um, yay?- Inventory management during missions is madness. Did you pick up 3 pieces of armor earlier and now come across something else you want to pick up, like a piece of Wyrdstone? Too bad, because there's no way to drop or swap items. Unless you want to swap items while looting a chest, that's ok. Or unless you're trying to swap Wyrdstone for Wyrdstone, in which case the swapping UI will be shown, partly clickable but unusable. ARGH! Which brings me to:- The game has a very clunky user interface. Mordheim seems to be designed with consoles in mind; the mouse is unusable for situations it would be perfect for. Get ready to swap between actions using the Q and E buttons. Also apparently a good fit for trusty Q and E: selecting locations on a map. Why allow a left-click when you can turn selecting something into a mini-game based on random chance?- A heavy focus on random chance (yes, besides the UI), including to determine between hitting an opponent for full damage or missing entirely.As well as a bunch of small bugs as well as rules you'll need to figure out by trial-and-error, all of which would be less of a problem if the game simply offered a save function.I'll continue playing for a little while longer to see if Mordheim: City of the Damned is worth it for me after getting used to these flaws, but for others who aren't already fans of the Mordheim license I recommend caution in spending the time and money required to explore this game's mysteries. In its various forms."
,Recommended,276810,13079060,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Marybelle,"Finally a good board game adaptation that uses the resources it has, now being a video game. Mordheim offers pretty visuals, strategic options and an intense turn based combat (Didn't think those words could go together, did you.)While the content is still extremely limited, I'd definitely recommend keeping an eye on it especially if you are a fan of the Warhammer franchise, Fantasy or 40K.(The price tag is a bit too high for this early alpha though, it might be a good idea to wait.)Copious gameplay footage for your viewing pleasure:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMYHstfr0_s"
76561198041526688,Recommended,276810,28123768,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,crimsonsun,"THIS GAMES GREAT, but be clear: ITS NOTHING LIKE THE TABLETOPFull Review herehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=810117424So I've been meaning to review this game for a while and with the amount of play time I have its obvious I'm rather keen on the game but if your like me and were expecting the Tabletop game in a digital format or at least roughly so then you may be disappointed!If your not a table top player skip to the second half to this reviewDepending on your experience with the tabletop game however you may be aware that the original mechanics, progression and balancing in the core games six core War-bands was utterly messed up and that the mechanics though there very simple nature were easily exploitable while also being massively reliant on luck, as such I'd imagine that like myself you'd be less bothered that this game isn't a tabletop conversion especially since the TT is also very dated now and as a whole TT game mechanics are more fluid now days anyway so those rules needed an update. This version is easier to understand if in fact you simply forget the TT rules entirely because beyond the naming of Characteristic's this game has literally nothing in common in terms of mechanics. Anyway I'm going to break this review up into a series of segments -Mechanics and Balance, Gameplay elements/structure & Campaign - SP,  Campaign - MP, Good Point/Bad Point Summaryso its easier for me to keep track of because I am somewhat of a rambling writer.Mechanics and BalanceSo I have to admit that I personally find the core combat mechanics somewhat backwards in there approach working in a very illogical fashion as far as my experience with gameplay mechanics is concerned. The basic system revolves around having a %chance of hitting a target modified by the targets resistance for that type of attack, with a (damage caused)*(damage Modifiers) reduced by armour %. But where this game is strange is the initial chance to hit is standard and fighter skill has no bearing upon this initial number.The basic principles of the system being a % based system it uses a 5% auto fail/success chance at either end of the roll but its very important to remember that the percentage modifications for skills and abilities stack way beyond 100% and they need to because of the negatives stacking. So for example a Skaven War-Band has a number Heroes that are extremely adept at dodging featuring a basic dodge chance of around 140% which still only gives a 95% success rate before modification it simply means I can have 45% of negative modifiers upon that roll before my chances get worse. With that understood I can explain what is unusual and as a result provides some very strange alterations to gameplay depending on the War-bands development.All fighters have a allowance of Action Points which are divided into two separate pools, Strategy Points (SP) and Offensive Points (OP), the number of which is based on there level and the type of fighter in question. Strategy Points are used for movement, Stances and activating abilities that provide various buffs and abilities that aren’t directly offensive. Offensive Points are used for anything that could be considered an attack as well as all Spells, some aggressive Stances and generally anything that causes damage or effects that directly affect enemy fighters. Once a fighters pool of SP & or OP is used up they are unable to act further, though it should be mentioned that most stances end a fighters action for a round and there’s no requirement to use all or any of these points, in fact its often wise to store some Offensive points to be used for counter attacks.Fighters have Nine core Characteristics divided into 3 sub groups (Mental, Physical & Martial) ranging in scores between 1-20 (Impressive’s can go up to 25) which provide each fighters combat statistics used for the various tests taken in the game. In addition Fighters also have a Wounds/Health value, a Movement Value (the distance in yards a fighter can move for each SP spent) and a Armour Value.As I mentioned the basic chances for an Action to be successful are as follows: Melee 80%, Ranged 75%, Magic 100% - Difficulty. These are then further improved by Weapon Skill for Melee and Ballistic Skill for Ranged, with some Skills adding further modifiers and Runes adding more, while Magic is only altered by a Rune and a few consumables. This provides a total % chance to make a successful attack, before being modified for the Targets Melee Resistance/Ranged Resistance + Environmental Penalties. Magic is slightly different as the casting roll is separate from the casting success taken independently. If an attack is successful the defender can utilise a active defence if it entered a relevant stance such as Dodging/Parrying (only for Melee however), which if failed the attacks checks for a critical chance which is a again separate test against the targets critical resistance based on Accuracy, Weapons, Skills and Runes (Critical hits Ignore Armour, have a damage multiplier %, cause a Stun Check and apply the open Wounds de-buff – They are extremely deadly) . Then Damage is determined based on the Weapon, Skill damage Multipliers and the attackers strength/Ballistic Skill/Intelligence for Melee/Ranged/Magic reduced by the targets Armour percentage total.There’s a huge amount going on here as is likely obvious, with a vast number of factors that allow you to influence these attacks and actions which is where this game is at its strongest, as the Development of War-band's has so much scope that even after playing 1000 hours with a single war-band there’s new builds and tactical choices I’ve yet to try with them via the games experience system. Further more fighters can be equipped with a large variety of arms and armours, as well as consumables to further alter how they perform in battle. These items all have 3 levels of quality, basic/good/master-work which provide increased performance and Good/Master-work items can be further enhanced by various runes depending on the item group.Despite this variation the game is remarkably well balanced, with the War-band's being fairly equal in terms of overall ability, though some do match up against others better as well as being more focused towards a certain tactical style (though not so much as to make playing differently not viable). Progression is well paced but requires considerable play time before you begin to approach maximum rank and the persistent injuries along with looming death keep any War-band from becoming stale even in the long term as your always needing fresh recruits for the grinder.I'm posting the entire review as a guide due to the limited number of characters I'm allowed to use. I'll link when done."
76561198073406815,Not Recommended,276810,33023216,Posted: 29 June,all,Rockageddon,"A history of dice rolling:Circa 2003: I had to roll a toughness test for a whole unit of High Elves in Warhammer fantasy once. Any Fantasy fan should know by now I was doomed. The unit of what was 38 spearmen at the time was hit with a Dark Elf void spell that was basically a black hole. Any Elf that rolled over a 3 was going to die. I proceeded to roll 35 twos. Baffling, unheard of, just insane. I proceeded to lose the rest of the battle because after that I wassn't able to roll over a 3, and you need higher numbers to hit things. I've had a few ocassional bad rolls before, but never a whole game again. Mordheim: City of the Damned is a whole game of bad rolls.Honorable mention before I proceed, XCOM: Enemy Unknown. We've all missed 3-4 95% chance to hit shots in a row. Mordheim: City of the Damned is worse.Random person: But it says here I have a 76%-Me: one in four.Random person: Okay I missed that time but I have a modifier adding ten! Now a 86% cha-Me: one in four.Random person: Why'd I miss? Why do I keep missing? It said 86%? It's showing I rolled a 54? If it was plus or minus 86% a 54 would hit regardless?Me: one... in... four...I tested it on a d4, and a d20. I even had games where i'd test with both at an attempt of more accuracy and fairness towards devs.One in four, don't let anyone fool you, RNG is not for ""Harcoreness"" it's just easy to impliment.  And save Scum? WTF!? Since when is it acceptable for any company to call their patrons SCUM?  If I want to save before an hour long skirmish because I got♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, I want to save! You're not my parents! Let me make the choice for myself if I want to ruin the experience of your game against the way you wanted it to be played. Some people like steak sause on their steaks(not me). It is ruined in the eyes of some, but it exist for a reason!Pros: Warhammer warband gameplay. And once you accept the one in four mechanic the misses make way more sense.Cons: Music is terrible,death animations suck,multiplayer? More like multi-losers as you'll both be a lesser people then you were before for playing this cancer-roll fest of attempting to lure people into ambush traps of lame online.Super negative vibe, this game is all about what you can't do and what will impede you, even temp usable items have horrible long term effects.Unfinished product, released warbands later that were essential to the game dynamics, and made you pay extra for them.Dice rollsGame Workshop used to blow everyone's minds, now they simply objectify the market by treating everyone like wallets with legs.TLDR: A theme with Warhammer games. Warhammer fans only, non Warhammer fans need not apply. And only buy on a super sale, summer or black friday.EDIT: I tried, I really did. Games Workshop got me when I was young and I've been dealing with their♥♥♥♥♥♥ever since in hopes of finding a redeaming quality in anything they churn out. I played warbands around the time of Archeon and the End Times, it was fun and unique and a hell of a time to jump into. The small scale of warbands between the massive scale we played to keep up with our generations ""greatest Warhammer event"" kept us playing war between the 3-4 hour games, because we were so godamn obsessed. They were plesant and enjoyable, funny and simple. Good to drink over and chill with.Mordheim City of the Damned captures none of that joy. Warband gameplay should bring Warhammer fans together. It's stress central, and no-one want to get on that train. I just uninstalled becuse I just had enough. Once you ""Master"" the game, you'll find yourself being an ambushing filth-bag crawling two meters at a time. You'll do this because your hit rates are so terrible you'll need to surround anything you fight and flail at it autistically until you finally get lucky. Lucky enough for one of the 6 attacks at 80%+ to finally hit. You repeat this cycle, over and over, avoiding spellcasting like the enemy dose, because 1-8 you'll explode.This game is made to kill your party, enemies will employ suicide tactics often just to take down one of your men. They literally have nothing to lose, they are just programs and it breaks immersion hard when that's all they act like. You are not facing an opponent that cares about what happens to their warband long-term. You face kamakazies that live for that one kill.Injury table: used to be lovable and funny, in Mordheim it's misrable. I had four possessed, four diffrent missions, all got targetted no matter where they were on the map. First mission for each one in consecutive order on the injury table:1. Lost Arm2. Lost leg3. Internal Wounds, Skull Fracture, Amnesia4. DeadI♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, this is not a joke it actually went that way.The End Times event was ruined by the fact that G.W. didn't follow through on any of their promises. Biggest one was perma death of a major army. No they had players all across the country get hyped and involved playing games earning points. Then, as the Empire was on the cusp of complete anihilation, Vampire counts moved in to end the most popular faction in the Games Workshop stores. Much excitment was had over such a momentous moment. G.W. backed out quick and said that the Lord of the zombie horde and greatest of Vampires was scared away by a common man who said ""a man killed your like before, and a man can kill your like again.""And then everyone one went home and none of your favroite products were discontinued. A generation of Warhammer fans walked away. Since then they've been trying to pump out easily consumed icing covered filth for the masses. The golden days are gone.Mordheim is another RNG game that implemented easy to implement systems, then painted it Warhammer. Walk away from this one."
,Not Recommended,276810,25579399,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,The Asparagus Kid,"Overall - I recommend you only buy if you're going to play against others, such as friends.Good - I love the idea of having a group that you control and level up over time.  You could really get a sense of achievement if it was done correctly.  The way they handled the turns and player perspective is great.  You're not really playing from overhead (though there is a map).  Instead, you see what your active player sees, which improves the immersion.Bad - Improving your gang (warband) members has no meaning.  As your gang gets stronger, the AI will automatically match them.  As your gang gets bigger, the AI will automatically match that, too.  Add a big guy to your gang - you'll be seeing those on the other teams, too.  GW games have this approach in table top games so that anyone can sit down, play a game with someone they just met, and things are balanced between the two players - even if one has a much stronger team.  In the PC games, it kills all sense of progression and meaning.  If everything around you scales to match you as you progress, you never really feel any sense of accomplishment.  This kills the game and actually only increases the penalties for failure.  Losing a strong team member and replacing them with a basic new member weakens the entire team and that individual can't really contribute.  You'll see people online trying to find workarounds - such as never levelling anyone up or having gangs split up into an experienced set and inexperienced set.  Ultimately, you'll eventually feel like there's no point, though."
,Not Recommended,276810,19670276,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Bishoptinsly,"SUMMERY:This game just truly lacks any real amount of content. This would be a great game if there was more of it, i'm not sure if they are planing on going the DLC road but there is a lot missing would have to be a heck of a DLC.GAMEPLAY:Over all the game play is spot on of for a video game version of the table top game. The AI is Dumb and that's just covered up by inflating their stats but it still feels challenging.CONTENT:It's truly the lack of content that brings this game down. There are only 4 playable factions, (there are like 10 races in Warhammer not talk mention the countless sub-factions). On top of that the factions you can play are pretty limited for characters that you can recruit into your warband. As well weapons and armor are VERY limited, there is only 1 of each type of weapon that comes in 1 of 3 tiers that only change the stats.GRAPHICS:On top of that the graphics are sub-par, not killer bad but the game is done and still some walls just don't render all the way. It just feels like a Alpha/Beta gameFINAL THOUGHTS:Game feels like an Alpha/Beta game that just got a ""Good Enough"" stamp. I cant say it enough I truly thought this game was still in alpha or beta the last i played it it just feels unfinished."
,Recommended,276810,13916407,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JeraWolfe,"Early Access ReviewReview will be updated as game is updated and finalized upon full releaseI have to give this two scores.Warhammer Tabletop Score: 9.0/10Video Gamer Score: 6/10As a player of Warhammer 40k, and newcomer to Warhammer Fantasy, I have to say this was an amazing and thoroughly enjoyable introduction. I'm a fan of Space Hulk (The original board game, not the steam version, we're talking 1990's here), it was my introduction to Warhammer and Games Workshop. The version on steam comes highly recommended by me. This game is shaping up to be an evolution of that direction, and it's absolutely fabulous. Developers, keep up the good work, as my hat is off to you.Lets break it down, the following scores are for video gamers, not warhammer fans. If you are a warhammer fan, your excitement and imagination will already see this game is possibly one of the most immersive and enjoyable tabletop simulators in existence, with expansions that evolve elegantly into the video game format. A bit of RPGish element, and a threat of permadeth of hard-won characters adds new layers to a style of gaming we've all come to love. And the FX and animations bring the world to life, like I've only seen in it my imagination.Great Job Rogue FactorRealize, no game exists I have ever given a 10 to... yet. That is a perfect score.Graphics: 9.5/10While not completely triple A, it comes incredibly close. Atmosphere and character models are high resolution and the modular qualities of the world are hidden behind well crafted layers of detail. I expect this to improve, but even if they don't, they're far beyond anything a TBS or RTS has ever attempted before.Sound: 7/10The sound effects are admirably done. The atmospherics are up to the task of providing the player with combat awareness. I am expecting, as they progress, for more sound effects to be added, atmospherics, and other aspects along with the dynamic qualities planned. While doing the job, it doesn't make you terrified. And this is Mordheim, ask a Warhammer player, you should be terrified.Level Design: 9/10Once you're done navigating the narrow alleyways and threading your way through the rubble of a house, you'll find plenty of advantages to be had above you from sniper nests to byzantine catwalks, while below your feet lie sewers and pits with murder holes a plenty. Whether your climbing over rubble to take a shot, holding back enemy at a choke point, or slipping through ruined walls and cover to flank, the maps of Mordheim are complex, layered, balanced, and ever changing. The procedurally generated map methods they use have provided me with a puzzle at the beginning of each game as I am forced to reassess and explore. I see lots of replay value.Controls: 8/10While I heard problems about using a keyboard and mouse, I found the controls to be tight and smooth. Movement is elegant, a huge step forward from X:Com and Space Hulk, giving players unprecedented options and a fluidity of play that I've never expected in a TBS. Movement is a simple WASD affair, looking is with your mouse, and all combat is done through action selection. Elegant and intuitive.Gameplay: 6/10The game is Turn Based Strategy. Two teams called warbands, each consisting of up to ten units. Units are varied, and have classes, and these will be developed as the game goes along, allowing for many options that are not available, but should give you a wide variety of customization when it comes to your characters. Currently, warbands are pre-selected.Basically,  its an evolved game of X:Com PVP, two teams, go at it. Initiative is by character not side, and action points are a bit more complex. At the moment, there is enough to keep you playing, but online I have not seen many players yet. The AI is very enjoyable to fight, I have not gotten bored of it yet. It's on par with X:Com without any singleplayer, and a lot of shiny new aspects to add some fun.Content: 2/10A lot of content is planned, a lot simply isn't there. For you who aren't warhammer fans, you may wish to hang back until more content is coming out... however... it is worth the sale price for early access, I would easily part with the full price for this game when its finished.Optimization: 5/10LONG, LONG, LONG loading times. And the game tends to freeze, in combat, without any progress being possible until the game is restarted. It is early access. 3-4 minute waits are not uncommon at this point for me in my playing. Longer are rare, but have happened. Once the game has started, aside from the above bug, the game runs smoothly, quickly, and is quite enjoyable. The slowest aspect of this game in a multiplayer setting will most likely be waiting on the other human being to make up their mind.Final Thoughts:Get the game. If you're a video gamer and love Tactical/Strategic RTS/TBS like me? If you're a fan of tabletop games of ole, or modern video game emulations of them, or if you're a Warhammer fan. Everything in the feature list is already worked into the menus. The game looks professional, it looks promising. While Early Access is always a gamble, I already consider my 32.00 well spent. And that's what it comes down to. Is this worth the money. Will it be fun for the time you spend on it and for what you spent in cash on it? The current content is worth easily 20 dollars, 30 dollars with their most recent content update. If they keep it up, you'll be buying it on sale effectively after this point.Enjoy and see you in the streets of Mordheim."
,Recommended,276810,19216909,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Morgan the love organ,"pros:- nice atmosphere- stylish graphics- strategic gameplay with lots of options- true to the board game's spirit- nice developers who publish lots of updatescons:- long loading times- camera bugs- UI is a bit confusing and clunky- bad animations, mediocre visual effectsoverall 8/10"
76561198116902599,Recommended,276810,18163362,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Victoria DD,"I must admit that, on Early Access, starting out with one gazillion Gold, not keeping track of Xp and thus not being able to level up, buy perks, etc., the lack of options other than pure single Skirmishes, only four warbands to start with, no customizations for names, colors, whine, whine, whine..., yeah, it all takes a bit fun out of it. But hey, it's EA, even if it's 31,99 EUR I've played crappier, full version games for double than that (Hello, DOA Paradise!!!).Nevertheless, I've played the tutorials and a few games and I must say it is quite fun! I only played Mordheim and Warhammer Skirmishes seldomly as a part of WHFB and, in any case, I feel this game quite absorbing; you really feel the atmosphere.The loading times are not so dramatic (as of late September 2015), and even though my graphics card and processor are old, it runs on Fantastic Graphics Mode and HD quite smoohtly. (i7 SB -3.40Ghz - 16Gb RAM- 1GB  AMD Radeon 6800 series)It has lots of potential once it becomes Gold. All in all, quoting my band's hero...LIKE-LIKE!****Updated****: After playing the Progression Patch Release (available since Sept 24, 2015)  I must say the game now is waaaay EVEN better. I won't even go into the ""if the game had this/if it just could do that"" whining. Sure, I'd like to have more stuff and no game is perfect but, despite the minor flaws sure to be soon polished, I didn't enjoy any Warhammer game so much since Shadow Of The Horned Rat.Two big thumbs up."
76561197985889715,Not Recommended,276810,26719198,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cake_Zero,"Summary: Great concept, some redeeming qualities, fairly good campaign system.  You spend very little time being able to actually interpret problems, think, problem solve, and make decisions, and spend the vast majority of your time doing tedious things, watching lame and tedious animations, or just waiting for the A.I. to complete its turn. This game compares extremely poorly to games like XCOM, which are vastly superior in virtually every way.I was extremely excited about Mordheim. I have long been wanting someone to make a games workshop game like this. I have played almost every turn based games workshop game ever made over the years, and many others besides. This is the only GW branded game I've ever played that I didn't like.  I have played tabletop Mordheim, and it is a fantastic game (though not without some ballance issues).Pros:Excellent concept, inspired by an excellent tabletop game, with the rich back-story and setting of the Warhammer World.Some of the graphics and artwork are very good.Experience and campaign system is fairly deep and fairly well done from what I have seen so far. Gradual development (as well as deaths and injuries) to your warband are fun, and makes for addictive gameplay, very similar to games like Xcom. The scripted main story missions are a good idea, although they certainly could be better.Cons:Most things in this game take way too long, way longer than is necessary. There is a lot of waiting in between taking actions, but also a lot of unnecessary and tedious clicking, in part due to a very inefficient and counter-intuitive user-interface.Aesthetically, there are a lot of problems with the game. Aesthetics should serve gameplay, but most of the eye catching details on a given map have absolutely zero effect on gameplay, and there are way too many of them, making them very distracting. The lighting in the game also often makes it more difficult to actually see things. I also find most of the art to be VERY ugly, taking away from the generally very nice and interesting looking architecture, and often excellent character models. The grotesque or horrible looking things would have more impact if they weren’t saturating every map, forcing you to always look at them. Sometimes, less is more.There are frequent unnecessary animations for every uninteresting little action you take with your units. For example, when going into overwatch, or dodge stance, or ambush stance, an animation of your character plays which looks nothing like what they’d actually be doing if they were going into a stance to be ready to do any of those things. It wastes time, and looks stupid, but what’s worse is that these stupid animations are being constantly repeated over and over again, making it extremely annoying .Navigation is very difficult. There is no minimap, and the map design as well as camera views and lack of informative visual navigational cues makes it time consuming to switch back and forth between the map view and the third person view, to try to figure out what plan to come up with and where to move your units.It is very difficult to actually look at the terrain, either with the map view or third person view, to see where the various possible paths are, or even to figure out what the shortest distance is from one point to another. You can only climb up or down obstacles in pre-determined, arbitrary points, which are marked by ugly graphical indicators. For the most part, you can’t really climb up the sides of buildings, or on top of them (unlike with the tabletop game).The terrain itself is often counter-intuitive, with many spaces which your units could obviously fit through, which are in fact impassable for no good reason. A large gap in a wall, or between buildings, larger than a doorway, is sometimes impassable. Large, open windows, are always impassable. Very small obstacles that could easily be jumped over, are often impassable.The way deployment works is very clunky, and for some scenarios really doesn't make much sense to me. Deployment should be an important and interesting tactical challenge, and more thought should have been put into how this worked, at least making it a lot less clunky.If you’re fighting over the resources on the battlefield, why is it that you don’t get to actually keep all of those resources unless you manually pick those pieces up before the battle is over? This is extremely counter-intuitive. You should get to keep everything on the battlefield if you actually win.  What’s worse is how unnecessarily time consuming it is to actually pick these items up.The A.I. is very poor.A lot of the skills and spells aren't worth taking. You don't want a significant part of gameplay to be spending lots of time figuring out which ones aren't worth taking. Furthermore, the benefits which they give at first are so minor, that it makes choosing between them a tedious, uninteresting, and not very rewarding experience. I would rather see fewer skils, but have them be more powerful, but also have a wider variety of different useful skills, allowing for meaningful specialization and more meaningful, interesting tactical choices regarding how to best use them (or counter them) on the battlefield.Making learning skills and spells cost money (in addition to points earned through experience) doesn’t fit with the setting and makes no sense. First of all, it makes no sense that your warriors would be taking short training vacations in order to develop their skills, who the hell are you even paying anyway? The amount of gold that it costs to pay for these is by far the largest expense of your warband, whereas in reality, the largest expense would simply be the costs of paying your warriors, and also buying equipment and weapons. It is very dissatisfying to have to spend most of your hard earned gold on training skills, and to be un-able to actually afford to use most of your skill points. Experience should always be convertable into improving your warriors, you shouldn’t also need money for it, it's a needlessly frustrating mechanic.I understand that it's very difficult to make a game like this. I think the devleopers bit off a bit more than they could chew, and probably spent too much time on making artistic content, and not enough time trying to develop and polish the actual gameplay, but of course it's a lot easier to criticize than to actually do it right yourself. It's not easy to be critical of your own creation. I greatly appreciate the attempt which has been made here.I would love it if someone would make another attempt to re-make this game, with a much more intuitive interface and faster gameplay (without sacrificing tactical depth).Conclusion:Another reviewer put it very well, and far more succinctly than myself, when he said ""Successfully combines all of the worst parts of XCom with none of the good parts."" Although that's not quite 100% true, it's pretty funny and unfortunately rather accurate."
76561197970580561,Recommended,276810,24772520,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Group Zero,"I'm giving this a qualified recommendation.All the criticisms in other posts are mostly on-point. You live and die by the RNG, but that's also very much like the tabletop game where a series of sub-par rolls will kill you. If living and dying by the dice isn't your thing, then stay away. The optional victory conditions are unnecessarily difficult because one side or the other usually routes before they can be fulfilled. Unlike the tabletop game, finding chests isn't easy, and in the early game isn't even all that rewarding. The graphics are subpar for a game where the meat of the experience takes place in first-person, and animations are lack-luster at best to the point of reminding of the Seinfeld episode where Raquel Welch was revealed to walk without moving her arms.That said, it's a reasonably accurate translation of the boardgame, and it is fun. When the game is on sale for 60% off, it's worth the money for tbs fans looking for something a little different. At full price ($39.99 at the time of this writing) it's only worth it for dedicated fans of the original tabletop game.Also, unlike the base game, the dlc is worth the asking price, sale or no."
76561197989790304,Recommended,276810,13034266,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Manny,The game is very promising. I really like the movement system. It creates a far more immersive feeling instead of just hovering over a battlefield.
76561197975239343,Not Recommended,276810,26492541,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,RobotDwarf,"It was nice while it lasted. I was totally sold at first and spent hours designing and customizing my warbands and I had a blast playing those first few dozen games. For awhile I was taken back to the good ol' days of the tabletop version and was looking forward to many more hours of enjoyment. Well the honeymoon is over.Heavily bias RNG strikes again ruining yet another promising game. The trend these days is to kick a game out the door and artificially inflate its AI ""difficulty"" by throwing in a terribly unbalanced random aspect. This isn't fun and it's not engaging, it's simply frustrating and makes me want to uninstall the game.Missing dozens of point blank shots with a 80% chance of hitting, the npc AI slamming into your 60% parry/dodge warband members while landing strings of criticals and an endless procession of career ending injuries that pile up even if your character isn't taken out of action. All this could be yours and more!Games Workshop's IP has been dragged through the gutter for years with very few highlights (Dawn of War being the only reasonable exception) and this is just another game in a long line of products with so much potential that is ultimately a let down. I think I've learned my lesson and will be giving future GW titles a solid pass."
76561198041318739,Recommended,276810,29457153,Posted: 23 January,all,AngronIsAngry,"To paint a picture:Somebody modded a Darkest Dungeon Scenario over XCom and disgruntled the RandomNumberGenerator.The game has been designed around a gamepad. While not an issue in combat, Menu navigation will feel clunky to mouse&keyboard.The game emulates the miniature tabletop game very faithfully. Hence character customization is leaning heavily on colors rather than shapes.Do Not Skip the Tutorials. While they are dry and boring, they explain every aspect of the game. This should spare you confusion, due to this being a tabletop ported to a video game.4 factions come with the game, while 2 additionals are locked behind DLC (as would any future/unlikely additions)Loading a mission can take quite some time. At least, completing a mission in 20 minutes, would be on the fast side.The environment of a renaissance-style, cursed city is SPOT ON!The skill mechanic system is quite extensive, if subtle in effect.It's often a difficult balance between ""Completing Objectives""&""Looting the Area""&""Staying Alive""; leading to hard&strategical decisions.The RandomNumberGenerator will lead you into a false sense of security and then show you, how much it hates you!The city is littered with traps (or I am a trap magnet). Thankfully they have negative and positive effects.The Turnbased System, gives you all the time to devise a plan (and see it fail) and also makes the game a simple choice for livestreams.If a rather slow paced strategy game in which you get to fiddle with every move at your leisure, whilst a RNG is throwing a wrench in you gear in a cursed-city scenario, is your thing, then you may want to give Mordheim a closer look."
76561198006764478,Recommended,276810,13793878,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,neff_992,Great game based on a great game. Cross your fingers for a huge success and maybe we can look forward to a Necromunda game by the same pub.
,Recommended,276810,13048836,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Max - DMW,"It is painstakingly faithful to Mordheim's aesthetics, as a result - it looks excellent. The game's mechanics have certainly captured the 'feel' of playing Mordheim perfectly. (I spent many hours playing it growing up.) It is however, as has been made clear, incomplete.Only two warbands are currently playable and only two more are confirmed. There is currently maybe 10-15 hours gameplay and that's pushing it. I'm really, really excited as to where this game could go; and I really believe it has the makings of a huge success. I say this guardedly though. They've been very tight-lipped as to exactly what features are to be expected in the future and I can't help but feel we'll be waiting an incredibly long time for a game that will really hold our attention.Currently the only really playable feature is playing one of two warbands (Skaven or Human Mercenaries) in a pretty easy match whilst you fight against a warband with half your numbers.The maps are interesting, the gameplay rewarding. But as of now - there's no reason to pick this up over say, X-Com; unless you're purely playing for the Games Workshop IP.It's expensive for what it is, but I consider it an investment into a really solid game so far. I'm very excited as to where this goes in the future. Don't disappoint us Mordheim!"
76561198009173518,Recommended,276810,19502866,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Something completely different,"Being a veteran from tabletop Mordheim I just had to try this game. Like most games I feel this game has its strong points, oddities and areas with room for improvement.Yay!- I like the graphics and the field of view when you run around the city with your warriors, at no time did I get odd camera angles or lost sight of my warrior.- I like the movement system and the option to retrace your steps when you realise you ran the wrong way (This ofcourse is not possible if you get ambushed/ step in a trap/ pick up loot.)- Once loading is finished the missions are smooth going.- I like the campaign system. The missions in itsself arent too varied but every battle is hugely differant anyways.- customization is quite nice. Some more wouldnt have hurt at all but you can give your warriors fairly uniqye appearances. I like it you can see on a model which sort of armor it wears and what weapons it holds.Undecided:- Some more information would be nice at times. The tutorial is quite informative but a little more explaination about how combat works would have been apprechiated.- Loading times. Pretty darn long. I guess this is where refills and bathroom breaks come in. Mitigated by the lack of loading once a mission starts.- Difficulty settings: I like it when I can decide myself at what difficulty I play. Yes, you can (ussaully) decide to stick to 'normal' missions but it'd be fun too if you once in a while were the stronger gang on paper yourself.- I am not in too far so maybe this still is to come but I'd be neat if there were engagements with more then 2 gangs involved. 2 weaker gangs ganging up on a stronger gang? Yes please.Nay-Only four types of gangs! I realise the studio is small and adding new gangs costs a lot of time but I for one wouldn't mind paying if some gangs were added as dlc's. Gimme orcs! Undead! Elves! Dwarves!-All games being Ironman can be heart rending when you lose a valued member of your gang. Not seeing what your taking out members of other gangs results in is a bit dull. Why can't member be captured?? I'd be nice to have some sort of league idea where 64 gangs slug it in Mordheim in a Blood Bowl tournament style. Then it's fun to cripple an opposing warband.Despite some nays I still think all in all the game is quite worth the bucks you pay for it. If you like turnbased strategy and warhammer fantasy then Mordheim is defenitely a game you should try."
,Recommended,276810,31663564,Posted: 10 May,all,이달의 소녀,"This game is not for people who can't take RNG. Salty players will only recall when they get streaks of disadvantage. Well if you plan well, you can always turn the tides of battle.*If you hate getting rekt by RNG, do not play this game.*If you love challenges, try play this game (without DLC and at a discounted price first)"
76561197990685377,Recommended,276810,13035465,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CoachDrak,"Fans of Mordheim stop reading this review and go buy it. It is, essentially, a perfect reproduction of the tabletop game. (once all warband maintenance is in properly over the next few weeks it will literally be perfect)For those of you who didn't play the tabletop game.The detail and love that has been invested in this game should be readily apparent from the 10 minute gameplay trailer above. However its so much more than that.The system is easy to learn, and yet has the kind of strategic depth that will keep Turn based Tactical players coming back for more and looking further and further into the little numbers that control the world.Flanking/Charging/Parrying/Dodging, reloading ranged weapons, jumping over gaps and off ledges. All make the genius of how they have you use your Strategy points (movement) within a series of rings marking where you will use a point up via movement. Go down some stairs and the lines readjust as you move making it always clear where and WHEN you will use one.Overwatch/Ambushes Keep moving players on their toes and make scouting important.And yet the game/battles/skirmishes themselves play out fast enough that no individual game will take longer than an hour and most will be over LONG before that. Especially in the early days of your Warbands when there arent maximum members.Theres a lot to love here from a gamers perspective. Turn Based Tactical games are easy to turn into ""Turn Based Repeat every other battle you have ever had here"" This one has enough fresh content with random maps that you can run even the 2 preset warbands in the first early access release at each other again and again and it will not play out the same way.If the final product (due for release Q1 next year) continues in this vein and from all the information i have found i see no reason why it shouldnt. It will be 10/10 from me.For now, 10/10 for the content provided. (its Alpha so i expected more bugs than i saw, theres literally only one that ive encountered in 7 games. and it wasnt game ending)"
76561198036230981,Recommended,276810,13021944,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Ileopsoas,"This is the first early acess I like. Game is playable, really easy to get how to play, and lots of flavour. But we will see how the finished work will look like!"
76561198034817134,Not Recommended,276810,32376951,Posted: 12 June,all,Bitches_N_Bullets,"Despite what you may read in most reviews of this game, it is not actually that difficult of a game. Complicated? yes. Difficult? no. You develop your dudes outside of battle, always seeming to have to work with far less money than you think you should have. The battles themselves are basically all about moving into just the right spots to exploit the tact-less AI. The game rewards positioning above all else, and it is not hard to learn where to place your dudes to avoid walking home missing a few arms and legs.I think that the ""difficulty"" of the game comes from the sudden and severe way in which you can be punished for abandoning safe positioning. You know that guy you've been training and building up since day 1? Well you moved him just a little too far out to pick up some wyrdstone and he got surrounded for an AI beating that ended up killing him permanently. Also, you should always elect to choose your own positioning before battles, or just avoid choosing the battles where you are forced to split your group up into 3+ groups. You will never be rewarded for splitting up your party during combat. Once you get combat (read: positioning) down, you will get pretty bored pretty quickly realizing how stale the action is, how cardboard the environments really are, and how totally annoying it is that your agile jumping/climbing guy just lost his leg."
,Not Recommended,276810,33386893,Posted: 8 July,all,mjrchickenhawk,"A good game hamstrung by poor AI, questionable RNG percentages and a lack of meaningful loot. Could have been great, but it's just ok. Can't wholeheartedly recommend."
76561197996225533,Recommended,276810,13020157,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Eyebuck,"Being a fan of the table top mini game, when I saw early access was out I jumped right in. Im a bit disappointed though. I think in an attempt to jazz up the interface Rogue Factor did this third person view and circles stuff. Its a nice attempt to make things a bit more interesting but I dont really think it works with a game like this. Its too complex in its current form, it feels clunky. I realize that its still in early access, but I think if they just used a traditional point and click it would have made things much more simple. I hope that they realize this too - I think this game has tons of potential but the movement system is too clunky for me.I think they could still have their areas of control, and zones, and stuff with a hex, or square based system. The game would be closer to its roots. Thats just what I think .Its a great game, good animation, and tons of potential. I think they have to simplify their movement system, and their interface. We'll see how it develops."
,Recommended,276810,13051664,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Apollo's Will,"This review is written, based on the first step in early access, and a lot of it is based on what the developers are promising and hopefully deliver,This game have so much potential. It is a tactical game that will generate user-stories based on skirmishes with other players, simply because it is so immersive.The team have created a game that is very true to the concept of the table top game, with the right amount of changes to the rule set to be amazing for the video game scene.I'm really excited and can not wait for all the features to be implemented.But I have also been waiting  for a long time for the Mordheim game being adapted to an online game.For those that are not that familiar with Warhammer and/or Mordheim, no doubt, you should keep an eye with this game, if you are in to strategy games and games where you develop your character or team over time....but you should wait, until a few more steps have been implemented.As for right now, there is not that much to do in the game.- You can go through the tutorial, that still are missing some features- You can play against an easy CPU (your teams strength is about twice as good as the CPU's team)There is still some problems connecting with other players, but it is promised that it will be worked on and fixed soon.Again, this game is most likely to become awesome, but it is still a very barebone product.UPDATE AFTER 1ST PATCH;Connection issues to other players seem to have been fixed. Been able to load the last five games. This is a big improvement.Though, that patch have added some issues with moving up and down stairs, which sometimes cage your characters.This is still an improvement, as you now can test the game against other players, though still with a set warband. Next content update, should add some options to customize your warband."
,Not Recommended,276810,24675317,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kettlecheese,"I think i would like this game more if they cleaned up the UI. The game play is fun but the control is counter intitivie and clunky, I have a hard time not liking the game but it really just needs to be cleaned up and made more fluid. The interface is simlar to a excel worksheet overlayed over a very unique and pretty game. I bought this game the second it came out and that was my complaint then, i figured; ""oh it will take a few patches to smooth that out""  Nope. i was wrong nothing was ever done about it."
76561198037324514,Not Recommended,276810,25571318,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kehallos,"I want to like this game. Actually, I want to love this game. But it is too strategically limited, too slow, and just too random. Let me explain...On the plus side, the game evokes the Warhammer feel very well, and the ruined city idea means the developers have been able to create environments which are tactically interesting without seeming contrived. So I keep wanting play it - to dive into the evocative ruins, in a brutal, scrappy series of skirmishes where the risk of permadeath gives extra weight to every decision. That’s really appealing!But....First off, as lots of peoples' reviews have noted, as a player you are often victim of the random number generator. And this can be spectacularly random. (As an extreme example, consider that if you cast a spell there is a random chance of something bad happening; one of those things is that the character can lose all his hitpoints; if a character loses all his hitpoints, there is a random chance of permanent death. So, on one occasion I had my fully-healthy leader lose all his hit points as a random result of casting a healing spell – and I could have lost him entirely. Seriously.) Now, some will say ""ah but Warhammer is always strongly random."" And that’s true. But that doesn't change the problem that there is a basic disjointedness between actions and consequences - if your main character can be killed because you decide to cast a healing spell, or if a glass-canon or scout-type character can be killed because a random set-up put him/her right next to a pack of enemies, this is not rewarding or fun. It's just dis-empowering.Secondly, this game is slow. Really, really slow. You wait while each enemy warrior moves even if you can't see him/her. The user interface takes a little while to go through, so your own turns aren’t uick. And then at the end of each turn you even have to sit through a message saying that the game is processing a move for each of the already dead enemies. So, even if you take a direct approach to hunting out your enemies it can take a while to finish a mission. And if you decide to try hit-and-run tactics, or lay traps and goad the enemy, etc., then it takes even longer. (The last mission I played it took 3 hours just to kill off four enemy mooks.) And of course because it is so slow you often won't bother trying different tactics - it's much less frustrating to just use a direct approach.And the same problem of pacing that bedevils the tactical game also impacts the strategic arc. Upgrades to troops are earned slowly, and don't often seem to have much real impact. A typical upgrade might give you a bonus of a few percent to some skill or other. (So, after X hours of grinding a character, what do I have to show for it? +4% to something or other? Hmm.)This leads to the third point - that there just isn't much room for experimenting with different strategies. After 20 hours my main warband was basically doing the same stuff it was doing at the outset, but with slightly higher stats. Nor is my strategy even really one I've chosen - it's just the strategy that seems to work best across all warbands. (I tried developing a hit-and-run style, I tried a missile-weapon-based warband that lured enemies into murder zones... nope, those strategies just aren't as viable as what appears to be the expected strategy.) And trying different warbands opened up no apparent strategic options, as each band (with a few minor variations, like the Sisters not having many missile troops) basically behaves the same way. By comparison, in the XCOM or Shadowrun games, as examples, having different combinations of characters allows you to approach missions in very different ways, and as the characters level up this opens up new playing styles and tactical options; in Mordheim, however, the slowly granted bonuses are really just allowing the characters to do the same stuff that they did before (perhaps with a little more specialization).So, I really want to love this game. I enjoy the feeling of the cities, and am enticed by the idea of delving into the chaos-riddled ruins. But unless you're a die-hard Warhammer fan you may find that there is only so much fun to be had from ploddingly repeating the same tactics over and over and hoping that the random number generator doesn't do anything too crazy."
76561198037751057,Recommended,276810,22855126,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Nimmsi von Hinden,"Great game! It's challenging and rewarding . . . sometimes pain. You really want your warband members to survive, since they can suffer permanent injuries or permanent death. Warbands can be customized and you can fight other players online. I spent over 300 hours in this game and I'm still not done, because the campaigns are huge.I just hope there will be more warbands in future, since the warhammer universe has so many awesome races. I think the game needs orcs and dwarves, but the 4 existing warbands are still fun to play. The DLC characters added to the game, are good to improve your warband and give you even more ways to make an unique warband."
76561198026211523,Recommended,276810,13021495,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Bolt VanderHuge,"For Early Access day 1 I had fun, this game has HUGE potential. I played a few skirmishes and had a blast with the presets!"
76561197970846699,Recommended,276810,18706502,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Zoring,"Don't let the intital difficulty curve put you off, this is an excellent tactical squad RPG game, the campaign mechanics are excellent and the developers are continuing to add content at a good pace. Very impressed.The interface is also slightly clunky, but once you get used to it it's functional, the game is surprisingly depthful also. Can't wait to see more."
,Not Recommended,276810,20074800,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kor-Phaeron,"I really want to like this game... its got loads of positive qualities (the atmosphere, the fact that it's bloody MORDHEIM, and the the overall gameplay). However, there are some aspects that basically just kill it. Secondary objectives, and the wyrdstone loot (which is entirely necessary for you to get) are scattered throughout the map, and require you to pick it up, with a terrible inventory system which limits 3 pieces of loot per character. Also, there's basically no way to keep exploring/looting once combat is initiated, unless you're willing to sacrifice valuable members of your warband as cannon fodder to allow the rest of your guys to go scavenging around for stuff. Not to mention, any stuff looted by your warband members that are downed during a battle is lost... and there's no way to keep looking around after a battle is over. Even if you are winning, these battles can just end abruptly with a rout failure, making you lose any further stuff you might have gained.Also, I wish there was more customizability for your warband, more than one type of hero, etc, and maybe a couple more customizability options for each character type. But alas, its a great plan, and I hope it gets better... but as of now, I can't recommend it."
76561197968959624,Recommended,276810,19501582,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Homosapien™,"I saw it, I bought it, I love it.A good game for people like me that have limited multitasking skills and dislike managing massive armies.Tactical slow phased action with a nice (but steep) learning curve, filled with information that might scare some people off, but after taking some time to read its actually somewhat easy to understand.Immersive character progression and creation and after roughly 5 hours I have a newbie-leader, one experienced Hero with one eye, maimed hand and amnesia, a twitchy warrior and one with head trauma.The only downside to this game I have noticed so far is that the UI in combat can be somewhat of a hassle.Too many ""hidden"" menus with odd shortcuts. I would rather have the option to have some menus, like the available actions in combat to be always present to either side or the bottom of the screen.21/21 Golfballs."
,Recommended,276810,30616115,Posted: 19 March,all,Zed2100,"Some people have dogs, cats or hamsters, me, I have a Skaven warband. I feed them Wyrdstone, I take care of them, and I send them to kill anything that moves. All die-die! Murderlord is happy pleased!"
76561197997865202,Recommended,276810,31027265,Posted: 8 April,all,demonrlder,"Tough. ""Unfair"" in an RNG kind of way; but if you've played real tabletop games, with real dice, you know how hard the dice can be.That said, losses are fairly inconsequential.I recommend it, but be careful in your movements during combat, and hold off onto the quest missions until well after they show as ""normal"" difficulty."
,Not Recommended,276810,19642679,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zerixar,"This game is a sad joke to anyone who knows the first things about statistics.  the percentages it shows for chance to hit and dodge or parry are complete lies.  a 90% chance to do something will fail 70% of the time on most ai opponents.  the ai gets +10 damage as if they had blue weapons from the start of the game.  the only way you win anything is by 3v1-ing crap before the rest of the enemy team shows up.  if the show up before then, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ automatic loss.  (this is on normal missions, forget doing hard, or brutal, the bonuses are so huge at that point if you don't get perfect deployment and perfect luck you lose every time.  this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from a mathematical standpoint and a frustrating piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to play.  it might be fun for 5 mins but when you realise that everything you do is automatically going to result in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths of your characters due to the super-powered ai who can charge and ambush atomatically every time because your ranges are the same and their actions auto trigger, you won't want to play this garbage any more.  fix your frucking game.edit:  2 months later, still broken as ♥♥♥♥.  a match that should have ended went on for 3 more turns with the ai route check succeeding 3 times and a marauder w/ a 2h sword 1v3ing through 3 max health opponents dodging 13 consecutive 80%+ attacks.  the math behind this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing broken.  not worth any money"
76561197997756161,Not Recommended,276810,13037187,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,osvold,"Well, its early access, so lets hope it will be improved.Gameplay: nice implementation of the miniature game, however, orientation on the battlefield is little bit limited, due the insufficient mapAtmosphere, graphics: great but colors are too desaturated. Do not expect, that the game looks like the screenshots in the setam store. The ingame scenes are allmost black and white (i do play on highest gfx settings)User interface: Terrible, the game is designed for consoles, the PC version is implementing this 1:1 this needs polishing, i hope, this will be really improvedI think, there is a lot of potential, but it needs lot of work, at this stage, i would not recommend this (as steam does not have a ""neutral thumb"", which is something i would choose)"
,Recommended,276810,22360258,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,NoiseFiend,"Great game, very addictive. You get strangely attached to the members of your warband and when one dies it's gutting! I've only played as Chaos so far and I have to say that the comments about the mutations making them unplayable are dumb. Just adapt to them or hire another Hero and try again. The game loses some of it's appeal when everyone is at max level anyway.The RNG can be frustrating at times but that's just the nature of it. I've read a few of the negative reviews and they seem to either be people who don't understand how to take advantage of the poor enemy AI, board game players with lofty expectations or are sufferers of RNG PTSD.The only things I would really like to see are more customisation choices and more warbands to choose from.Overall 8/10 and fun enough to have prompted me to write my first review."
76561197992408346,Not Recommended,276810,20052922,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hellbilly,"Good concept but poor execution.Unpolished. Long loading times are inconvenient but turns take too long to complete as well. Lack of soldier customization other than outfit colors. Grind required to get to the good bits.On the plus side, hilarity ensues when soldiers lose an arm or become insane. Combat is good enough. Will probably appeal to Warhammer fans and/or fans of tabletop."
76561198169823069,Not Recommended,276810,23694985,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Sandman,"I'd give this game a neutral review but since Steam only allow for a thumbs up or thumbs down, ill have to lean towards negative. But only for one main reason: this game is not Mordheim.If you have ever played tabletop Mordheim and were expecting this to be a direct translation, you'll be disappointed. In and of it self this game is an ok game for its genre, it's not a great game though. That's not to bash Rouge factor. Like tabletop Mordheim, Rouge Factor probably didnt get a lot of funding from Games Workshop.TT Mordheim had simple skirmish combat system that made for great quick battles. And Half the fun of the game was the awesome leveling system they used. It was a very casual friendly game. TT wasnt perfect, and had some issues, but with a few house rules it was a great system.Instead of making a translation from TT, Rouge factor (or GW) decided to make their own system based of the Mordhiem setting. Maybe they didnt think that space hulk or blood bowl sold enough (those games where more of a direct translation). The game mechanic system that rouge factor made seems overcomplicated for what it does, half my play time was spent trying to figure the system out. Where in tabletop you could level up almost every battle. In this game there is a lot more grind involved. When you level up in this game, a lot of the time its hard to notice any improvement. There doesnt seem to be a whole lot of game variations so it can get repetitive fairly quick.Pros:This city visuals are amazing. The cities really have the look and feel of Mordheim. Unless you had tons of dosh, and/or time and skill. You would not be able to get that on tabletop.The Developers seem to actually read and respond on the forums far more than most game Devs do. So props for that.Cons:Way too much grind in this game. Its usually not a good thing if game develops substitute grind in place of content.City movement is very restrictive and constrained. You can only climb/jump in certain spots, even though that ledge looks just as good as this one. Many times you'll find an area that looks like you can move no problem, too bad its impassable. Rotting paper thin door blocking your way? Nope cant kick it down. Trying to get into a locked “cell”(that only has two walled sides and no roof, with a grated door skaven could easily climb over) and you dont have a key? Too bad.Lack of visual character customization. Im guessing that they had plans for lots of customization, but ran out of time and/or money. Some units have a few options, most have very little.Too much focus on gathering wyrdstone during the battle. In TT this was mostly handled in the post battle sequence. It just gets too repetitive in this game. If they streamlined the system of picking it up, it would be much better.I can appreciate and understand why the developers made their own game mechanic system instead of making a more direct translation from tabletop. But, to honest I much prefer the original."
76561198066555096,Recommended,276810,13024006,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Runicmadhamster,"After playing all the Tutorial missions and a skirmish game i can recommend this game.  What we have here is a solid set of core game mechanics and two warbands to try said mechanics out. The devs promise more Mordheim eskqe soon along with Warband management, a feature that anyone who played the GW version of the game wants.This game has great potential and i look forward to seeing what happens next."
,Recommended,276810,13050238,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Onionking,"Excellent rendition (so far!) of a classic table-top game.  While there are some rule/play changes I think they might actually serve to enhance the game.   Such as strategic points (how many actions a toon can do) to the negation of the W (wounds) characteristic , and instead, a pool of hit points.  Saw something about Idols,  and that did seem a little hokey.Music and atmospheric effects are right on.  Graphics ditto.  The even have Morslieb correct.  (That green little moon).Read a comment about Ranged troops being over-powered.  In table-top, where one shot takes out a warrior, and ranged troops always in hard cover, they were just as dominant.Not enough here for yet for someone who is new to Mordheim.  Once warband experience and equipment is functional, then its a hell ya."
,Recommended,276810,32833275,Posted: 26 June,all,Wisbi,Mordheim taught me everything I knew about math was wrong.80% hit chance doesn't mean 8 out of 10 swings will hit...It meansonly 1 out of 8will.How could all of my math teachers have been so stupid?
76561198051704332,Recommended,276810,13276775,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,BarbFish,"I played the Mordheim 😊 at steam all week!  Humans are a little better than the Skaven(ses) 😊.I think it is because the Reiklander heroes do melee damage higher than the listed amount on the screen and the Ogre is a boss, but the ogre is well an ogre..The 2 Warp Guard (used to be black skaven) feel a bit weak too.  The one listed “black skaven” is pretty good though with claws and strength..The rat ogre started out weak for a rat ogre but he has improved in damage and the ogre has reduced a little but is still the biggest damage dealer.. he can roll a good critical hit 7% of the time that will floor the rat ogre in one of 2 swings with a great hammer..They could fix it with a little more move on the skaven to improve the swarm feel of the troops but it is still prerelease and no saved game yet..  They need to at least list the damage of the humans correctly..Man they have the buildings too.  And fountains of fishes with blood and bubbles..  Sewers galore and chaos eyes are every were..Its not ready for standard gamers yet.. 😊  its only the 2nd week of early release and they have 18 more to go.. It seems better than blood bowl was to start but you have to keep verifying the game code after every game.. then there is the disconnects, campaign advancement, adding Possessed, adding Sisters, better A.I., and bot losses that need to get fixed but I am pretty sure they will hammer that stuff out with time.."
76561197996558285,Not Recommended,276810,18765631,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Heathen69,"Mordheim: City of the Damned  is a  Turn-Based Strategy Game that´s based on the Rules of the Games Workshop Tabletop Game Mordheim. Mordheim: CotD offers the Player the possibility to explore the ruined City of Mordheim with his Warband to scavenge for wyrdstone and treasure and  of course to battle rival warbands. Mordheim offers a single player mode as well as a multiplayer mode. The game looks fantastic and can be both great fun and highly frustrating due to its Games Workshop typical randomness.  The tactical fights in Mordheim are, especially during the first half dozen or so fights, challenging, not so much because of the brilliant AI, but in Hard, Brutal or even Deadly Maps the AI Units get buffed to the point where unskilled warbands are very likely to perish.The more strategic side of the game (levelling your warband and picking the right skills) is fun and rewarding, but due to the lack of a save game option your faults will be permant and that might proof to be very frustrating for players new to Mordheim.The developer decided to make the game a permanent ""hard-core"" mode, meaning there is only autosave and closing the game during a battle (or the game crashing) will leave your warband in a devastated condition (wounded, missing equipment,probably even dead).So IF you allready play the Tabletop game and like it: buy Mordheim:Cotd.But as for now I wouldn´t recommend Mordheim: CotD to casual gamers because of the formentioned ""Perma Hard-Core Mode"", the game might proof to be to frustrating and time consuming to build up even your first warband."
76561197964626206,Not Recommended,276810,21573807,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Transientmind,"I really wanted to recommend this game, because it does so many things so well.  However, the things it does badly are ruin-your-day badly things that turn me off the entire experience.The theme, the graphics, sound, and warband levelling? Brilliant.  Takes me back to my childhood when the tabletop game was released.  It's everything I could've wanted.  Warband options and customization I hadn't expected, and the campaign mode's persistent unlock system - across all your failed games - is a really nice touch.However... None of that awesomeness is worth enduring:worse-than-XCOM unfair RNG (seriously, even XCOM's non-insane difficulties have a hidden adjustment to save you from complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t failing every 90% chance you come across until you lose)impenetrable/clumsy UIflat-out nonsensical pathing restrictionsunintuive-at-best-nonsensical-at-worst rules restrictions (""I know you just found a valuable cluster of wyrdstone, but we can't let you drop that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ penny you found to free up some inventory room to go grab it""),complete failure to communicate critical mechanics in-game in a reliably consistent way (""I could defend on another turn... why can't I now?!"")Straight-up, no excuses,stupidmechanics - like having to keep your warband dancing around your nearly-finished opponent in terror that you might accidentally win too quickly, leaving all the loot uncollected, and all the secondary objectives failed.  WHAT KIND OF IDIOT DESIGNER PUNISHES YOU FOR WINNING TOO QUICKLY?Even mouse-over tooltips are missing.  How hard is it to have mouse-over tooltips for stats so you actually know what that symbol means without having to go read the manual?The game had me thinking, ""That's so awesome,"" on a regular basis, but on the balance of it, it had me snarling, ""THAT'S SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T,"" far more often.  And not in the fun way.Whether it's your supposedly-nimble ratmen blocked off from a critical route by an ankle-high obstacle, failing every high-percentage roll you make while the enemy doesn't seem to suffer the same problem, or a UI that makes you shift through several different menus just to equip your team with some gear, the negatives have so much of an impact that all the positives stop being enticing enough to encourage me to persevere through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The UI and its problems are probably the most unforgivable, especially when you can see how elegantly other games  can do it.  I want to fight other warbands, not fight the UI."
,Recommended,276810,19177515,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"This game has come a long way since it first released in Early Access. Now there is a persistent, fleshed out campaign for all four factions currently in the game and the interface and gameplay is smoother than it has ever been. Characters level up, get new equipment and start to take on personalities for themselves (with your imagination) sort of like XCOM and it really sucks when someone you've been grooming for greatness gets taken out completely. Also, be careful, the campaign mode does have a game over/perma death feature. Unfortunately those loading screens are still absolutely horrendous... especially when some of the levels last just as long as they do. Honestly though, there has never been a better representation of the Tabletop game of Mordheim on a visual medium than this game and I only hope more factions can be added, more humour brought from the actual game itself, and more content be added into this already complete package. Definitely recommended.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60SxysZaWLg"
,Recommended,276810,24076127,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Game kNight Plays,"This game is amazing and will either make you hate it or love it!To begin with it will be hard, but as you progress and learn how the game works (do the tutorials and watch some gameplay if you want your warband to live) you will start appreciating the difficulty of the game.If you want to check out some gameplay videos, take a look at my YouTube Channel:youtube.com/GamekNightPlaysas I cover this game vigorusly!-------------------------------------------Pros:High replayability - it is almost impossible to have two missions that are the same with the randomized maps and variation in the warbands. There are also a ton of different ways you can skill up your warriors making different builds that suit your playstyle.Exciting gameplay - you will find yourself in situations where you need to make difficult descisions and that descision will mean life or death of your warriors.Great atmosphere - The city really feels like Mordheim, just beware of traps and daemons ;)Story missions - if you want to explore the Dramatis Persona's stories you can do that. They are well written with voice acting to accompany them and brings a completely new aspect to the regular missions that you face. Just be aware that these missions are usually tougher and you should prepare accordingly!------------------------------------Cons:I'm not oblivious to the problems that the game has, so here are a couple of things.Sometimes the AI will act really weird or get stuck on things - which is due to horrible pathing issues. Sometimes this saves the life of your warband and can feel a bit like cheating.The graphics are not the prettiest - but then again nor is life in Mordheim. I feel that more work could have gone into the models to make them look truly amazing.PvP is hard to setup with the lack of a matchmaking system - but there are steam groups that are dedicated to bringing people together to setup matches, just like in the TT.-------------------------------------------Remember going into this that it is a video game adaptation - not a direct port - of the tabletop game. This means that some things are different, will feel different - but I asure you that this is Mordheim in it's finest form.Thanks for reading buddy - I hope you will find your way into MordheimHave a wonderful Game kNight!youtube.com/GamekNightPlays"
76561197970924088,Recommended,276810,18482476,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Agent Merlin,"This game has made alot of progress from day one. There is still minor bugs in the game but none are game breaking. If you enjoy turn based combat, leveling up, loot with the danger of permenant death and injuries to your team, then this is the game for you.Only 4 different warbands to choose from now but I expect once most of the bugs have been ironed out the devs will look to adding additional warbands.Thumbs-up"
76561198073118669,Recommended,276810,15863144,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,shadowmaestro,"This game is very promising compare to warhammer, from what i've seen their updates are frequent and is one of the few of its kind actually enjoyable, with its features of future updates it will be exciting to play this game since some the features are similar to of x-com with perma death, inventory, rankups etci highly recommend this game a lil later on once a few more of the features come out"
,Recommended,276810,15433082,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Daerel,"[27.09.2015]The game is early access (<--means the game isn´t close to be finished yet, so if you want to buy the game, be sure to do it to support the development and not really to play a finished game) and its very clear, that there is still much more work to be done. In this ""Early Access Review"", I will focus on what the game currently has and not what it currently lacks.-The graphics are quite nice and the character models look like the tabletop figures i know and love from my Warhammer Army.-When you built your Warband you can choose their weapons, the abilities and uprade certain qualities like strength/intelligence/initiative etc., name them/change the name of your warband,   adjust their looks.-Skirmish Mode: You fight against human enemies or CPU and you are able to determine the starting conditions of the game (like: all troops in one place or spread all over the map/the winning conditions etc.), however you are not able to choose what CPU army you want to fight, so if you want to fight a specific CPU army you need to make a private lobby and click on the CPU button till you have the enemy of your choice.The game is turn-based, in your turn you...:You walk a certain distanceYou can engage the enemyYou attack/do magicYou can loot enemiesYou are able to fleeYou can lurk for enemys to get near to your position for an auto attackYou can increase your fighters defencehowever there are no phases like in the Warhammer tabletop game, so you have more freedom in what to do when you wanna do it.-The Campaign mode is now in the game (it´s the main game focus): In this mode you built your Warband from the ground up, equip their weapons etc., then you choose one of the 2 randomly generated missions, you earn experience, you can loot dead enemies to find new weapons etc. After you finish your mission, you have to pay your soldiers and pay the treatment of their wounds. However if one of your soldiers needs treatment, you can´t use him for a period of time (4 days for example), which can really f**** up your Warband, so you need to play very carefully. Your main objective is to smuggle a certain weight of your warpstone out of Mordheim to your contractee, you earn warpstone by winning missions, but you have only some days to gather enough warpstone for the next shipment. You can go to the shop to purchase armor, weapons and potions etc. for gold. When you are done end your day by clicking on a tent, your warriors will lern skills and the treatment days for the injured will reduce by 1. Then you go on your next missions, or a story mission, that has different objectives and conditions.-The CPU is challening, but combat against other players is much harder.-The game costs plenty of money in early access and it will even become more expensive after early access. Maybe because the Warhammer license is really pricey, but however it limits the people who will buy the game strictly, because no one who doesn´t love the Warhammer universe  will buy this game. (<--At least that are the reactions, that I saw when talking and reading about the game).-The tutorials are only battles with text sometimes and you can´t just read the text in an extra menu (<--Might be improved in the future)-Only four warbands will be aviable at the release wich is my major source of criticism because in the tabletop version of mordheim you are able to choose from 15 warbands. I understand, that making new warbands is pricey and much work, but at least the Witchhunters and the Undead would be very interesting to play and add much more variety to the game.However we will get more after release, through DLCs and this is perfectly fine as long as they have a reasonable price (4-5€)-Although the game is still in Early Access, it seems nearly finished and progressed in the right direction.[I´m German and only made the review in english because the whole game is in english, so there is the possibility of grammatical errors in this review]"
76561198022423407,Recommended,276810,25446263,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Knightweb,"I really really love this game. There is alot of content. It's turn based in a 3d environment. (mind blown) and there is equipment and skill and spell capabilities. (insert changed pants here)I was never a fan of Warhammer the table top but I loved the idea and concept. This is an excellent atlernative to someone who wants to avoid measuring tapes and overthinking situations.Granted occassionally the environment makes the AI dumb you can always play with another live player which is an exciting if not terrorizing concept.This game can be unforgiving to mistakes or going out alone with one of your heroes. (Stay together least you come back missing a leg or arm, for spellcasters that is TERRIBLE)I'd like to see more warbands and some more customization come to the game but this does not detract from the fact that this game absolutely took over my life and I am no where near completing all I want to do with all the warbands.This game is pretty awesome. It's a no brainer to purchase if you love Turn Based.PS The undead are a great addition."
76561198160491046,Recommended,276810,24978735,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mehrk,"Warhammer flavored Xcom. Overall pretty good, if you like difficult strategic games. I have 3 issues with the game, however.The UI is cluttered and often finnicky. For instance in the store you can't use the scroll wheel if the mouse is on the line inbetween the items, yet if it's directly over an item the scroll works fine, meaning you have to use the arrows or drag the bar. Little things like that are here and there.The gameplay generally starts off focused on looting wyrdstone and then moves on to fighting. I like the looting aspects but it's VERY slow. It feels like the first 10-15 minutes are spent picking up rocks.Difficulty is great. I love it for that, same reason I like xcom/darksouls. But difficulty and unfairness are two separate things. When you can't control where you spawn you are rolling the dice to decide whether your game instantly ends after 20 hours of time spent into it. For instance last time I played humans I was on day 16 and started a mission.. one archer spawned completely alone in a hall with an enemy on either side. Another spawned in a corner with a rat ogre pummeling him on round one. Both were guaranteed dead in the first 2 moves(not rounds) of the game. This would ultimately mean I couldn't win the fight - even if you disregard the other 2 units of mine that would also be screwed.So.. yeah. The difficulty is fine, but never choose to play any mission where your units spawn randomly around the map or you are basically asking to lose the game. Not great design in that regard, but if you avoid those missions (which don't convey different content, just spawn points) it's fine. *And choose 'launch and deploy' to choose your spawn locations when applicable. Game never mentioned that as far as I could see, choosing 'launch' auto-assigns spawns."
76561198052979506,Not Recommended,276810,20991776,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,M0j0,"Nice game if you can pick it up for under 10$ it might maybe be okayish.Mordheim: City of the Damned, bringing Games Workshop marketing & money grab to the gaming world Episode IXBe prepared for:-endless random missions that all kinda feel the same-campaigns that add even more missions (not random but also not fun)-a console ui that is purely written for controler input (always a big plus)-new factions that will be sold per model not per faction(not so soon tm)-current factions that are sold per model not per faction(starter packs included in the game)-no modding support, who would like to write his own campain for a tabletop/rpg port anyways-an engine that is troubled to support more than 20 models, so we will never so anything other than 1 vs. 1-loading times that are officially deductable from any time you have to serve in hell"
,Recommended,276810,13063499,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Welsh Dragon,"UPDATE:So Mprdheim, is it good? That's what you want to know right?Yes, and no. If you like turn based, if you like managing a force and watching them grow and develop then yes. If you expect this process to be without loss or finance problems then you should look elsewhere.FIRST POST:This should have been a Demo not an early access. 2 warbands and tutorials. Seems companies have realised that they can release demos calling them early access and make a killing.The game had promise. Looks good, interface seems fine. But the real game is in Warband building. So I can't give it possitve or negative yet."
76561198024872568,Recommended,276810,26544793,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,daigotsumax,"Six warbands instead of four has really made the game more diverse and interesting, and continous patching shows the developpers still support this game. I'm looking forward to even more content in the future."
76561198018916783,Recommended,276810,18827758,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cub,"For almost daily streams of Mordheim and FAQ dialogue, catch my stream athttp://www.twitch.tv/wicket_and_cubMordheim: City of the Damnit will make you break your computer.  Your dice will always fail.  Your best fighter is gonna go down HARD in some of the most gut wrenching ways.  And after you piece the broken parts of your computer together, you will realize just how much you love it!In Mordheim there is not just you and the opponent, there is you, the opponent, and the map.  If you are not careful, the map of Mordheim will slap you around (or help) and put an end to that uber strategy you were just gonna pull off.  The need to improvise, the need to make the best of a worst situation, these elements are actually fun.""But how the hell can losing my characters in defeat be fun?!""  Glad ya asked.  See, if one of your characters goes down in a fight, they don't die, they do an injury check.  They could lose an eye, a leg, they could be rendered useless, or they may even have a ""Near Death Experience"" and gain extra XP!  Also, for every injury, a warrior recieves a negative rating on their overall rating meter that contributes to the strenght of your warband.  Long story short, if your rating meter is lowered on a specific warrior and that warrior does not lose a vital statistic (such as his Intelligence is harmed, meanwhile he is a Strength based warrior), the warrior just made your warband stronger.  Also, some injuries are just fun and they really add flavor and character to your mercenaries.Every mode in the game feels incredibly distinct.  Such as, the random battles which fall underneath the catagories of ""Capture the Flag, Wyrdstone Rush, and Marked for Death"" are fun and exciting fast maps to play (relatively, battles can go upwards of 2 hours.)  Campaing maps are rich in story and objective and feel like a Dungeons and Dragons table top game brought to life.  On-line versus play is constantly being tweaked and perfected and strategy certainly helps.  It is VERY fast paced with options to have count down timers till the turn is ended for each player.  These times can be adjusted to fit your convenience.And to touch on customization, this system is incerdibly deep, from the character progression skill trees to the ability to customize each individual body part skin on nearly every warrior and give custom color sets as well.The amount of progress this game has had since the release of Blood Bowl 2 is staggering.  There are positives, there are negatives, but ultimately, this is a title that will please big fans of Final Fantasy Tactics, X Com, Disgaea, and Total War.I feel like I only scratched the very very tip of the iceberg when talking about this game.  Again, please check out my stream for any and all questions, I love talking about Mordheim!http://www.twitch.tv/wicket_and_cub"
,Recommended,276810,16752870,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Rockalypse,"It is very good game. There is a real feel of warhammer in it. Yup, there are some problems, like many others have listed: it is hard to find opponent to play with (but if would join a community of this game - it would not be a problem).As a player who is following project from beggining I can say, that really great job was done, most of bugs were fixed, it is not polished yet, but even in this state it is very enjoyable."
76561198030943643,Recommended,276810,24962562,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,calson33,"I am totally addicted to this game, but there are a few things you should know before buying it:It is brutal. By that I mean there is no saving and reloading to earlier points (For idiots like me who make stupid mistakes). Your characters that you spent so much time leveling up can be maimed or die from one bad decision. You can ruin your entire party if you are not careful.I ended up creating and recreating warbands (The party) due to silly decisions over and over.  It took me a good 10-15 hours to get the hang of things (see above re:idiot me). You will need to put in a few hours to get the hang of things before it starts to be very enjoyable.Normally I don't like these types of games, but this is different.It's got a fun turn based combat system that I have never seen before. It seems a little convoluted at first, but once I got used to it, there were a lot of different strategies available to me.It is turn based combat.. My first game started with me seeing a rat running towards my leader, and I freaked out a little because I thought maybe I had to click on defend or something. What threw me was that I am so used to seeing hexes in turn based games that the free running rat made me think of Skyrim or the Witcher.I have come to like the perma maiming/death system. I think what helps is that even though your warband may be devestated beyond all repairing, all your kills/looting/wins put points to a global achievement section. When you level up this achievement, you get extra benefits and skills for every new warband. These skills are set on a per warband situation, so you can pick the ones most suited to the warband you have now, knowing that you get to reassign them if you create a new one.Here are a few things I wish I knew before playing:Keep your units close to each other. A lone unit is practically guaranteed to be maimed or killed.ALWAYS ""Launch and Deploy"" - When you start a new combat, you will have the option to ""Launch"" or ""Launch and Deploy"", without any instructions on what they mean. It's as simple as it sounds, ""Launch"": the computer place your units in their starting positions, and these will often be the worst possible positions they can be in. ""Launch and Deploy"" you place your units in the starting positions.Buut sometimes even if you ""Launch and Deploy"" you will not get to deploy your troops. It depends on the mission type and what side you are on.Don't be afraid to skip a day.The enemy will place the same number of troops as you do. So, if you can only muster 4 troops due to injury or training, then deploy them. The enemy will only have 4 too.Do not get too attached to your warband early on. There are a lot of ways to screw it all up, many you will only find later (usually when you start to think you have the hang of it).One last thing: What the hell is up with the dice rolls in this game? I have never seen so many 90+ rolls (Higher is bad in this game). The only good thing is that it seems to affect the AI as much as mine."
,Recommended,276810,23016920,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Princess Dajve <3,"Unlike other Games Workshop based games of recent years, this is not an attempt to translate the tabletop game directly into a videogame.  Some people who were hoping for that have been disappointed, but personally I think a direct translation would have been nearly impossible, and in the end probably less fun.  And it is fantastic fun.  Creating and customising a warband is very enjoyable, and the battles themselves are fairly short and sweet, so it's a good game to dip into for half an hour.  Each warrior will progress in both positive and negative ways as they accumulate experience and injuries, the horrors of Mordheim both hardening them and taking their toll on their minds and bodies.  That will mean that your warband will be unique in subtle ways, and you'll get to know each member.The lore and atmosphere of Mordheim are lovingly recreated and you can tell there is a lot of love for the original here.  The cityscapes are absolutely beautiful and although scenery often gets in the way more than providing many strategic options, some maps change things up wonderfully with multi-floored indoor areas being a particular favourite of mine.The game, they warn, is 'hardcore'.  Battles won't always be fair, and losing can have dire consequences.  For the most part this works well, though the sheer number of ways in which a character can be randomly screwed over, often permanently, sometimes makes you want to quit and start over.  Losing a limb, for example can make a character next to useless.  It would be awesome if there were some crazy ways to try and heal such wounds, say with erratic healing spells or mechanical prototypes with chances to add another level of random craziness to battles.It was exciting to be a player of an early access game with regular updates and news, from a team who really listened to player feedback.  There's a lot more that could be added to the game, in fact it seems a waste not to develop further with such a deep and unique framework.  The product as it is is magnificent, but it is absolutely ripe for further add-on content especially additional warbands, as I think 4 is the absolute minimum they could have got away with.  It gives lots of variety as a player, and many strategic options in multiplayer, but it certainly gets repetitive seeing the same few bands of enemies in single player mode.  Perhaps an old-fashioned 'expansion pack' would be a better idea than small pieces of DLC, as lots would be willing to pay to expand the experience with any kind of new content.In short, it's brilliant.  Maybe the best game ever made within the Warhammer universe."
76561198215704672,Recommended,276810,26247675,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Thorro,"Best Games Workshop computer game out there.Go on, die a little."
76561198022597160,Recommended,276810,19150960,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sarim Rune,"This is a mighty good game, with some difficulty problems.I'm readily impressed with the graphics.  They've really brought the city of Mordheim to life and have added a great deal to it, visually and mechanically (there are various traps throughout).It is not a direct adaption of the rules, but what they've done is actually quite excellent, with strategy and tactical action points.  This allows you to move/search/set stance (strategy points) and make attacks (tactical points).  They've added stances which are quite interesting.Each attack reveals a % chance to hit, and I do question how accurate this value actually is.  If I'm told I have an 80% chance to hit, then I expect my warriors to hit 4 out of 5 blows.  In the game, I've seen the reverse, missing 4 out of 5 blows (and I'm not at all discounting how the defense system works, because those are separate 'rolls').The difficulty of the game is brutal.  I have to abandon my first warband because of a string of serious injuries to my leader prevented me from playing them.  Instead, I had to wait too many days and eventually I've lost out on my first shipment.The question is, is it too difficult?  That's a tricky one.  I'll try to offer my thoughts.The luck system feels off, as I've mentioned.  There is a massive series of random rolls 'under the hood' and you never quite feel like you're in control.  As I've mentioned, 80% chance to hit ends up feeling more like a coin flip.  As such, the game feels like you're in control of the movment of your warriors, the stances and all the non-luck based actions, but when it comes to the game rolling the dice, you have no ability to affect that.  When you see a string of misses and failed rolls, it gets frustrating.  Very frustrating.  (Suggestion: If you could spend unused actions points to boost your jumps/attacks that would at least feel like you're stacking the odds in your favor).I've seen some one-sided things that make me feel like the AI has a superior advantage.  I've seen a single AI warrior walk up and demolish one of my own, whereas I've never been able to do he same.  I seem to always require 3-4 warriors to pound away at an enemy to beat them.In the original game, you receive money immediately after every battle.  Here you must fulfill a shipment and I find that those requirements are set a little high.  You will be struggling to collect wyrdstone to fullfill those shipments and while I get why this was done, I'm not a huge fan of it.Where I see the problem: the auto collection of wyrdstone after a map is way too low.  The maps are generally too small to collect wyrdstone during the game.  You might have time to collect a few small pieces to bolster yourself but once the fighting starts, you need to commit all your troops to the fight.  The automatic wyrdstone collect after a fight is a paltry amount.  You can make your shipments but only if you don't receive any massive injuries that slow your progress down.  I don't find this part to be fun.Incidentally, I did manage to get a huge windfall in one session, simply because the enemy didn't fall it's rout check and the last enemy was wandering the map aimlessly.  This allowed my warband to wander around freely and collect a large amount of wyrdstone and that changed the dynamic of the game.  This was a random event and my other warbands are struggling badly with trying to collect enough.The difficulty of a game like Dark Souls is very hard, but there is skill behind your victories and losses.  That's what makes the difficulty tolerable.  Thsi difficulty here feels like it's randomly generated.  You've little control over many parts of the game.One final thing about the difficulty: So far, every fight that I can do in the campaign is listed as 'normal' or harder.  Essentially, there appears to be no fights where I can pick on a weaker warband.  Everything appears to be equal or tougher.  I think there should often/always be an option to pick on a weaker warband, if only so you can recover a bit from getting brutalized from a bad situation/poor luck.So is it too difficult?  I would say yes, just a bit.  I'm doing very well with one of my warbands but as I've mentioned above, that was dude to the AI not routing and allowing me to clean up.  Another of my warbands needs to be disbanded because of how awful the random number generated rolled on my behalf.  Essentially, what this games needs is a come from behind mechanic.I'm enjoying this game, but find it very frustrating at points."
76561198078069696,Not Recommended,276810,29311623,Posted: 16 January,all,ssedlmayr,"I really, really wanted to recommend this game, because under it's horrible flaws is hidden the skeleton of something really fun. I even wrote an earlier review to that extent; it didn't post due to an error on Steam. Having played it several days since then, I just can't recommend it now.There are several minor flaws in things like the UI, AI, weird character animations, et cetera, but most of those are fairly trivial. What it comes down to is that the underlying math is horribly implemented to such an extent that the stats of your warband are essentially a lie. No matter how much you level the stats on your party, your odds of accomplishing any task on the battlefield are no better than random chance. What do I mean by this? I understand that a percentage is a probability. So, if you have say, 70% chance to dodge, it isn't a guarantee; you have 70% chance to dodge, and 30% chance to fail dodging. However, * over time *, statistically, you should dodge roughly 70% of the time.Instead, a character will get powned again and again in a round, or even an entire combat, with a statistical average of say 0-10%. This results in ridiculous battles where warbands you should slice through like butter due to your superior party members and gear, and your understanding of the game after having played it for dozens of hours, end up handing you your @$$, even if you manage to kill as many of their party as they kill of yours despite the additional obstacle of poor implementation and hence unfairness. This will happen even on normal difficulty combats - the game for some reason has a separate difficulty for combats in addition to the overall difficulty level of the game. This doesn't make the game ""hard""... it's not a fair challenge that is simply difficult. Its lack of predictability or reliability makes it aggravating to play. There is no way to improve your skill at psuedo-random number generation. Hard, brutal or deadly combats are impossible. You will also frequently face the somewhat humorous, and much more maddening, circumstance of having your butt kicked by a one-armed and/or one-legged enemy.I'm a game developer myself. I remember, several years ago, working on a game at a studio that was shut down; and having an argument with a designer about this very issue. Similar to this game, it was a turn-by-turn tactical combat game originally. He wanted me to implement a system that behaves as Mordheim does not. In other words, if you have 70% chance to accomplish something, * over time *, your successes should average out to roughly that percentage. At the time I was resistant, because I hadn't implemented that kind of system before and I knew it would be time-consuming. Unfortunately, we never got to publish that game since, as I mentioned, the studio failed. However, after playing this game, I understand. I mean, I understood the logic of this a while ago, but now I really * understand *.You will eventually end up in a situtation where you are very far along into the game, and you either have to abandon it because your warband has suffered too many setbacks in the form of defeats and injuries that you cannot recover, or you just become too exhausted to continue playing. I'm at Act II-II and I'm not sure if I'll continue or not.One last thing I'll say is that it's possible, with all the spells being cast, and gear and what-not, that other parties are simply buffing past all of your stats on-the-fly as it were. That doesn't really improve the diagnosis however, as in that case, the game is simply very unbalanced. Any way you cut it, this game is a tragic failure for the design team. Whether that is inherently due to the design, due to an improper implementation by engineering, or some other factor like poor communication or office politics, which all too sadly sometimes cause these sorts of flaws to appear in games, is pure speculation. Ultimately, for the players - the paying customers - the cause is immaterial. Being a software engineer myself, I doubt there is an easy fix for this problem, since it's a flaw deeply embedded in the entire design from top to bottom - and because, if you did fix it, you would essentially be changing the game fundamentally, which wouldn't be fair to players who had invested so much time into the game before the fix."
76561198041580792,Recommended,276810,13024088,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,c.cuncannon,"This is an awesome port from the Table top game that I loved. Worth every penny, glad I brought it now as I can see myself having hours of fun playing this as it gets more fleshed out. 9/10, with the potential to be a classic.Hopefully over the following weeks the game gets fleshed out a bit more with the options to bu equiptment and customise your warband.The graphics are nice only thing missing from the atmosphere is Skaven chitter chatter that we all no and love; can't beat a good ""Die Die Manthings!"".The combat / action system is easy to master but looks like it could be a lot of fun once more skills are added, at first I was a little lost as to how my mage was meant to cast spells ad then found the space bar.Can't wait for the following releases of content, hopefully all the warbands of old get added as that will take this from Awesome to Legendary.Would also be cool if you could get some passive items like grappling hooks for humans so that jumping / climbing was more likely to be successful; also on th emap the ability to zoom out further.I love the fact that you can run around in the blue circles without losing movement so you can scout out where you want to go / how to path to places.Good luck on the development you have made the start of an awesome game!"
76561197973803736,Recommended,276810,13027627,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,XDG Stoltz,"FInally - a developer who understands the proper use of Early Access.   The base game initially provided is playable and fairly stable and provides a solid representation of the direction the developer is going with the product.   Buteven  more importantly - it's already a LOT of fun to play.    The initial treatment appears to be a solid representation of the spirit of Mordheim while making changes to the ruleset to make a more balanced, entertaining video game.   This isn't faithful to the actual rules in the manner that Cyanide's bloodbowl was but it is obvious that the developers have a deep respect for the tabletop game and in the end this respect shines through in a game that really and truly FEELS LIKE MORDHEIM.    And that is the most important point to take away from this - as someone who is a fan of the boardgame for many years, I can honestly say that I couldn't be happier with the direction this game is going and I look forward to a complete, feature rich game set in the city of the damned!"
76561198066324419,Recommended,276810,13505987,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,iRod,"Have you looked at this game once, maybe a few times, and thought, ""Hmph...that looks kinda cool, but...""Are your gaming interests at all like mine, and you just can't get enough of that sweet sweet blend of turn-based strategy, rpg character building and item progression, and fantasy flavor (sci-fi is fun too, of course).Well I'm not kidding: even at this early stage, the foundation of this game is clearly well-built, fun, and has incredible potential to be that pure, addictive blend of all these elements. I read nearly every other reviewer say this similar thing--""Even in early access, it's clear that the developers are doing a great job building this game."" And probably like you, I had my doubts...And then I just decided to pay the piper. A couple clicks: bye bye 31 dollars. Let's see what you've got, Mordheim. Then I worked my way through the tutorial. Then I played my first skirmish, playing around with a bit of fine-tuning the weapons and armor of my warband...Cut to 3 or 4 hours later, and I will be following this game religiously as they add everything that's teased within the game itself right now: further customization; xp progression; other warbands...This game is fun now. If you like turn-based strategy, tabletop wargames, D&D style party combat, fantasy flavor--buy it. I can't wait to see how much better it gets along the way."
76561198027994280,Not Recommended,276810,31962306,Posted: 25 May,all,Ismaru,"While I'm not one to shy away from a tough game, this one was just too much for me. It's an awesome game but I wish I could just ""git gud"" because it's so hard that I rather spend time on something else, and my recommendation is that you do too.ProsIt's a game set in the awesome Warhammer world!Graphics are OK - it seemed groggy initially but there's actually a lot of eye for detailThe music, the entire atmosphere in Mordheim is well doneIt's a fun and pretty unique take on the tactics genre.ConsThe game is overly complex; thankfully there was a good tutorial but I still felt I didn't even know half of everything there is to know.It's very hard.The game is really unforgiving and the ""RNG"" is very frustrating. I get ganged myself and don't stand a chance, I gang up on a novice small unit with 3 man and it manages to stun and crit someone to death. Aaaaarghhhh!!The game is always in ironman mode (AKA no saving in between, what happens happens). You can stop whenever you want and the game will pick up where you left off, but you can never ""go back in time"". I even tried alt-f4'ing in the middle of a game (yes, I got that desperate), and upon restarting I just landed right back into the one-sided slaughter that was going on.There is no clear progression path. In fact, I even de-leveled a bit once I started losing some valuable characters that I had to replace with noobies, while the enemies didn't seem to get weaker. I seemed to slowly spiral downwards into a place where I couldn't afford paying my troops and only replaced them with weaker ones.I would like to revisit Mordheim sometime in the future, even in it's current state. But only if I'm in a sadistic mood and I feel like really getting challenged. Also I think this game could've been a far bigger success if it was a bit easier. If it at least not force ironman mode I think it would've made a big difference.Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,276810,13023188,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Daeraug,"First off I usually don't buy Early Access because I been burned a couple times by games not being published as promised or even updated, but this is a seasoned publisher.  So this game will actually make it to release, I have faith in that.Two, this game is Alpha phase at the time of this writing, but the have been very specific on what it contains for those that purchase Early Access.This game has loads of potential and the little bit of content they has so far to give you a taste is very satifying.  It delivers the feel of being on the ground in a skirmish while maintaining the tabletop mechanics faithfully.  For those that have played Mordheim, or like me other Games Workshop games, will be very pleased with this game.  The Developer, Rogue Factor, has a very firm grasp on what Mordheim is and how it can be represented in a digital format.So here is your chance to get the game a few dollars cheaper and help them work out the bugs and improve the game for launch.  If you have the patience to wait for the updates as they come, this is a great start and get in on the ground floor of what is shaping up to be a awesome game."
,Recommended,276810,13371025,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sapiodon,Checking the reviews to see if anyone had already said what I wanted to say and they had!''GUYS THEY MADE A GOOD FAITHFUL VIDEOGAME VERSION OF A GAMES WORKSHOP GAME. THIS IS ALL I EVER WANTED.''I was skeptical given GW games past but I had nothing to fear.S'good. Get it.
76561198066777489,Recommended,276810,14332953,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Irae Nicole,"My brother gave me a Mordheim tabletop starter set for my birthday long ago so I was really excited to see a video game version of it. So far reading about the game and playing a couple of hours of it I find this game manages to capture the spirit of the tabletop game pretty well.- The game has great visuals from the dark Chaos touched ruins of the city, to the look of units and their abilities. The visuals really put you into the world of Mordheim. More variety  of maps would be good but I am sure more will come out with release.- The frustration of your units failing time and time again to hit an opponent while the opponent wails on them! 100% Game Authenticty.- The current Warbands are pretty fun. I love we get female characters and they aren't wearing bikini chainmail. And any game that lets you play as Skaven is an automatic win. One of the biggest things I think will make or break this game is how much will available on release and how much will be DLC later. If they give us a decent selection range, more then 4 just warbands, off the bat the game could be pretty great! Hopefully within each Warband there will be some some diversity to choose from eventually, Clan Pestilens instead of Clan Eshin for Skaven for example.- I am excited they brought the customization of your Warband to this game. I can't wait to have a unique group to despair at as the die off in combat. Have battered veterans with new skills and missing limbs. Not much of this is in the game yet so I will have to hope it delivers what is promised.- Scenario games with plenty of interesting objectives similar to the original game! I haven't delved into these too much yet but I am hopeful that the game will feel less like a bunch of pointless battles with a little bit of lore behind each one.The game is currently glitchy and a little bare bones but that is to be expected for early access. But it is still a fun game to play in its early state so I have high hopes for the game."
76561198158149244,Recommended,276810,19176676,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,tuckboat,"TLDR....Atmospheric, dark fantasy combat that gets so much right you will get angry it did not hammer every aspect of the game out of the park.Lingering Issues with Optimization plus slow-pacing can be frustrating to deal with.Full ReviewRatings for this game really seemed to take a hit during the early portion of the early access period. I came late to the EA party and was generally satisfied with what I found. The additions and expansion of the game leading up to the full release yesterday have all been on the positive side.What I like...Tactical CombatFirst person POV - Valkyria Chronicles would be the closest comparision I can think of but I like this aspect even if the camera movement frustarates me4 throughly planned out factions that give a different feel and campaign for single-playerRPG elements are present but do not overshadow the tactical nature of the game at least until you reach rank 6 (up to 10 possible with full release)Atmosphere and artwork where clearly a point of emphasis for this teamHigh amount of customizations abilities/skins availble for each unitContent - Lots of it and the pacing means if you like what you see here your in for a treat because there's more of itChallenge - There is one which is niceAC/DCRNG - Present and accounted forPace - Not necessarily a drawback but early game is slow until you learn the mechanics and certain scenarios were painful to finish because of there size/hiding or hard to reach unitsMultiplayer - Slow as in even by turn-based pvp standards slowDifficulty - More specifically difficulty due to unfamiliar systems and half explained mechanics read up, play tutorials a few times each (thought incomplete still helpful), or learn as you go but not much gets spoon-fedMusic/Sound - I liked it well enough but some sound effects are off and everything gets repetitive a bit too quickWish it were better.....Camera - Nearly rant inducing when I first start playing but some tweaks seem to have improved it a bitCharacter Builds Vanilla Among Same Units - Nice to have customization options but it seems most units are pigeonholed into one or two roles though I may just need more playtimeLoading - Loading - Loading - Loading - LoadingWorld Interaction - My biggest complaint so I'll elaborate a bit -I think due to limitations of the Infinity Engine some tactical features that would have been great have been left out - No FLYING DEATH SMASH from the top rope for example. No Pushing/Pulling to Move Enemy Units into Danger Zones. Danger Zones (exploding barrels, launch pads, or their like) are for the most part absent. Elevation matters for ranged attacks but not melee (kinda meh on whether it should or not but worth noting). The traps are annoying and could be done better or done away to improve the experience.  Wydestone collection comes into play but feels secondary even when it should be your primary focus to advance the campaign.Personally I am a big fan of the universe of Mordheim and I have to say I am impressed with how much fun this game has provided me already. I am well over the 30 hour mark and I have yet to complete a single campaign so the value for investment is defintely there if you enjoy the game.8/10If they can ever optimize this game to cut down on the loading screens (tough to do but some improvment would be nice) I would say this game comes in pretty close to a 9 for me. If I am still playing this game for as long as I think I will be I may be bumpiong it up for that reason as well. Honestly, I almost hate this game for not having world interaction completed to the level I would prefer but I enjoy what's here enough without it. Guess that leaves room for improvement if they ever make a sequel."
,Recommended,276810,13241318,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jackal'D,"I was worried about supporting another Early Access game, but i'm really glad I did.The game is still in the early stages of development, but the music and graphics are pretty amazing for the genre.The gameplay mechanics are pretty unique, and will improve as more updates come out."
76561198006529957,Recommended,276810,22587975,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CrazyC,"Do you enjoy building a customized party of badass adventurers? Do you enjoy leading that party into glorious turn based battle? Will you realize you are bad at strategy, watch your merry band be ripped to shreds by rat men, and hang your head in shame? If you answered yes to all of these you are a lot like me! I am really bad at this game. But I still really enjoy this game. Just come in expecting to die horribly and enjoy the ride. Thats kind of the overarching theme of Mordheim. It is very fun but stays true to the source material and its insanely high levels of difficulty. Don't say I didn't warn you."
,Recommended,276810,24813398,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Usagi,"I'm not sure how to start out.Let me get this out of the way first though. I like this game. Alot.Also, if you want the short review, skip to the end.Now, If you've played the tabletop game of Mordheim, you know exactly what you will get. This works pretty much the same. And for me, that's a good thing.If you haven't played the tabletop version, then this is what you're in for.Mordheim lets you control a group of fighters from various factions, out to gather wyrdstone.It's a game of tactical battles, and that is what you will do.You will battle it out on the ruined streets of the city Mordheim.This is also all that you do. Even the battles themselves are usualy the same. You do get different optional objectives to complete for each battle. Usualy gather wyrdstone, or capture the flag, or a bounty hunt on some of the other teams characters. BUT, those objectives are optional. The main thing is always the same.Go in. Kill the opposition. If their will doesn't break, you might have time to gather up some goodies.Or, if you're OP, you might get away with doing the optionals anyhow, but that is imo up to which faction you're playing.Now, that might sound boring, and for some people it will be.The thing with Mordheim however is that regardless if you win or lose the fights, you will get ""rewarded"" with experience. If your characters get knocked out in a battle, they usualy get back up again for the coming fight. Sometimes with missing limbs or eyes, and sometimes making miraculous recoveries and sometimes even come back stronger.So. You will grow your band of warriors, both in numbers and levels, and you will get better gear from the stores, or from looting the city itself.There are also story missions. I've so far played two of them on two different factions. They bring in some different rules on how to win the battles just to spice things up a little.In short:This game is repetetive.It is all about killing the other team.The music gets a little repetetive.It's a fun tactical combat game, set in a dark setting, with some interesting story missions thrown in on occasion.That is what you're getting. If you're after more, don't buy the game. If you like tactical combat games, this might be for you."
76561198007987506,Recommended,276810,20805045,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,littlewener,"People are complaiming that this game is too hard.  I rarely lose a match (still happens sometimes but hey to one is perfect).  I prefer that there is a challenge.  The game is visually great and a lot of time has gone into making it an enjoyable experience.  Is it a perfect? No but it is getting there.  There is still some bugs that they need to get rid of (loading times, PVP having very few people, impressives getting stuck in buildings) but overall, if you understand the genre and how to play the game, it is a great game."
76561198006031111,Recommended,276810,13023068,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Beros,"first impressions it seems really good, a different take on the turn based combat with a 3rd person movement machanic which helps with the keeping a good flow, as far as i can tell there is no dice roll system involved like the remake of blood bowl instead this is a video game very much based on the pnp game instead of a remake, this game has a lot of potential in my opionion and well worth a look if you are into the pen and paper turn based games or turn based video games, certainly has a unuasual spin on the gerne"
76561197971332971,Not Recommended,276810,19209229,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Arayt Shah,"The games been on quite a journey, from a very poor early access period through to an entertaining late access period with a lot of promise for things to come when they finally release all of it.Now it's been released, and seems the late access period really was all they had, the only additions to the release were voice-over actors and an intro video. While in early access one can forgive the fact that the AI bugs out in every mission, bugged mechanics, and that it's missing 11 of the official warbands. You can even forgive the fact that a game which is at it's core a multiplayer community game which was almost always played as 1v1v1v1 or more only has 1v1... and you'll almost never see another human to play against (hell it was early access, how many people were playing?).Post release, these things can't just be overlooked. It can still be a fun game, but if you don't bring your own people to play against, don't expect to find them already on there (it's 2 day's after release, I've seen 1 public game all day). You can play single player and bug out the AI all day... but it gets boring."
76561198000507953,Recommended,276810,34619879,Posted: 30 August,all,Chuckledunk,"Did you like X-COM? If you didn't, you probably won't like this.Mordheim is a game about playing the odds and testing your ability to recover. Yes, it's heavily RNG. So is any tabletop game that uses dice. Much like with D&D however, it's possible to maximize your odds of success through smart positioning and, as the game progresses and you can afford more skills and spells, tactical choices.This is not a fast paced game. That is important to note. There are often waits while the other team is going, and that can get boring if you don't have a show in the background or something else to do for brief spans. However, having to wait for the AI to move isn't exactly a new thing with turn based strategy games, I remember having some pretty lengthy waits in Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri.A lot of people have some pretty strong opinions about how saving works here. I was pretty annoyed at it myself while I was still learning my way around the game, but now that I have I kinda understand the difference in playstyle it leads to and while it may not be for everyone it IS rather engaging. Unlike most other games, your every decision matters. You can take nothing back. If you want to test your ability to respond to unfavorable situations, this game will give you plenty of chances to do so, and it makes victory all the sweeter when you manage to outplay a stronger enemy.If you are going to pick up this game, you should probably accept that, in all likelyness, you are going to be pretty bad at it at first. That's normal, it's got a bit of a learning curve, and anyone I know who's good at the game has had their share of bad defeats and abandoned warbands. On the bright side, part of the progression is independant of your specific warband, meaning that if you play a lot and start a new game, your new warband will start off with more resources and a higher level than they would otherwise.Personally I haven't suffered from any of the bugs that I'm seeing people talk about. I'm not doubting that they've run into them, but I've never had my characters get stuck in terrain, I've never dealt with it crashing, and at least on my machine it's been quite reliable in its performance.If you have patience and a tactical mind, this game is great fun."
,Recommended,276810,14848969,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Chaos,"I'm a massive Warhammer fan and Mordheim seems to hit the nail on the head in terms of its setting & feel. Coupled with an intuitive turn based combat system I see this game being a success, especially to fans of the Warhammer Universe."
76561198052884890,Recommended,276810,19160299,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,happy,"i don t care much for warhammeri don t care much for 3D combati don t care much for multiplayer gamesyet i find this game to be truly awesome and unique(probably isn t but at least it s a rare game)it reminds me, in some ways, of wizardry8, its demanding, things can go wrong very quickly and sometimes, even when things go great, you get a nasty roll that kills you best character, permakilled of courseinstead of writing a wall of text, i simply invite you to check out my steam library, you may find games you respect(some are more casual, i ve got a wife)mordheim is perfect for any serious strategy fan who enjoy playing barbie with their charactersthe best part of mordheim is supposed to be the multiplayer, all i can tell you is that the singleplayer is kind of a dream come true for me; it can be endless(really) always will be balanced(difficulty does not come from ennemies strength but from the random environment, placement, strategy used and optional goals you may decide to go for), permadeath/permawounds is perceived as fresh air and opportunity to get your involvement back uplets give wild meaningless ratings now-for people like me, 9/10, i used to think it was a 7, then i died in a very unfair way and realised my playthrough was not ruined and that actually dying was the best thing that could have happened, it got my interest back up right when i was thinking my OP warband was unstoppable... its a 9!-for warhammers fans: 7,5/10(because they know stuff i don't and are demanding about any thing related to their franchise)-for my wife, understand casual players with a love of drama: 7/10, because your toons die and you get attached to them-for people working in a 20man videogame studio: 8/10, the game is polished, good gameplay, ok graphics, a game to keep in mind when you re trying to make onei ll stop there, the game is at least a 7/10, whatever your tastes might beoh, and the dev team, during EA, usually answered questions in 14 minutes and patched new bugs within 24 hours"
76561198003148672,Not Recommended,276810,34811816,Posted: 8 September,all,Trig_the_Poor_Shot,"Doesn't have a save/load mechanic. The player is forced to play ""Ironman Mode"" by default.Some like that, some don't. I don't. So I got a refund.Too bad, really, because I rather liked the gameplay, characters, atmosphere, etc. and would have kept it and even given it a thumbs-up if there wasn't for this major design flaw.If a game company wants to cater only to the ""git gud"" crowd, that is, of course, their prerogative, though it's likely not best for business to exclude the rest of the gamers. I personally, as a very casual gamer, want to be given a choice whether I want to play Ironman or not.For me, in other tactical games, like XCOM2, for instance, losing a battle is a lesson what I did wrong. But then I reload and battle through it again with a different approach. I don't want to grind through the campaign all over again if I got my squad of high tier experts massacred or spent my scant resources on wrong upgrades."
76561197971559481,Not Recommended,276810,18363028,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Défunt (aime le plomb),"This game looks great and has a great feel. Unfortunately it is too unbalanced for people who are not very familiar with its rules or are not strategy masters.Due to that I have wasted numerous hours starting games and leaving them early (alt F4) to avoid getting my men crippled and loosing even more time rebuilding another warbandI like challenges but this game is not fun anymore. If the developpers add a difficulty setting, I may play it again. It is today a source of frustration and a waste of time."
,Recommended,276810,34460073,Posted: 24 August,all,ShadowedSoul,This game is not for everyone and it is difficult. RNG and a ruthless death mechanic make mistakes almost unbearable but add so much to the sense of reward and accomplishment. It will frustrate you but I believe it is worth every swear I've screamed at 2 am when I just missed the last hit before routing the enemy.
76561198024694192,Recommended,276810,13065015,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Remo,Great potential. Save your money until they fix it.
76561198017911327,Recommended,276810,29772371,Posted: 7 February,all,Halcyon_Prints,"We've probably all grumbled playing Xcom and missed on things that seems like a given. We've also all probably muttered ""Xcom proves there is no god."" Your only half right. God existed but he was devoured by the old gods of mordheim.  Very steep learning curve on this game because the systems / stats are not clearly explained. But when it clicks, when you've been demoralized so badly you figure it out. You got that sweet spot. Your warband is a legit force to be reckoned with.  That's what makes it worth it. I've never had such a rewarding experience, recently, in gaming that was starting as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cult band to becoming a total monster. There is a lot of customization in terms of stats, abilities and builds that it has tons of replayability. Sure your leader got downed for the first time ever and is permanently dead. Hire a new schlub and get back in there.Personally I love a hardcore strategic game, and this does it. A lot more planning and end game scenarios than other games. My one issue is that some mission types start you at a severe disadvantage, in terms of randomness.A 40k version of this as necromunda? ♥♥♥♥ yes."
76561198030168404,Recommended,276810,18099533,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TooL,"Eh....I know its still early release but the price is too high imo. Only 4 teams(which I'm sure will change), only game mode right now is skirmish which is basically a practice mode. You don't earn or get xp/money/injuries/warpstone/loot/etc. It's on the map, but after the match everything resets which makes it kind of bland and repetitive after a while(more teams released would at least offer some more play styles).  I'm also not sure how i feel about them going with hitpoints over wounds (ex my Demon has like 240hp or approx instead of 5 or 7 wounds he'd get on the table top game), the loading time on fantastic settings was pretty bad(but the graphics are good)The magic system could be better. Again, since you dont gain xp, you don't see many spellsThats the negative stuff.The game has a really good Warhammer feel to it, the Dev's definately took with time it.Tons of battlegrounds, all very interesting and fun.The game play is alot of fun, but tricky until you figure out the controls.Lots of potential and upcoming content including a campaign mode(hopefully soon)So overall, I'd say too much $$$ for what it's offering unless your a diehard Warhammer fan. I bought it on sale for around half price i think, which was TOTALLY worth it."
76561198084105782,Recommended,276810,29474173,Posted: 24 January,all,Synesthesia,"Good game which makes you invest in your characters and really care about them.  Unfortunately, it's also a fairly repetative game without a lot of variability in the settings or missions.  I was warned to skip the ""scattered"" missions which led to them being even more repetative.  It would have been nice if it allowed for character stat respec as I had several that were max level and one stat point away from being able to get certain skills and spells.I did enjoy the main story missions.  All said, it took me 75hrs to complete the storyline for one faction.  With the difficulty level associated with perma death and lasting injuries, I did play conservatively.  I'll probably take a long break and come back to play through other factions.Update:  Finished the Undead campaign.  Added another ~60 hours.  It's worthwhile if on sale.  I liked it more than the Sisters, but I knew the mechanics this time.  Took a couple of bad starts to get the faction down.  I ended up running all zombies and no ghouls.  The combination of 4 zombies, necro, globadier, thrall, and vamp seemed to work well."
,Recommended,276810,24068412,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ratham,"You don't win, you just do a little better each time.Game is really hard but gives you a rush when you manage to pull through. Do not buy if you dislike perma death or RNG.Would recommend."
,Recommended,276810,19037245,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gnarly,This just just feels right.
76561198104127016,Recommended,276810,13461633,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Greybush,"Now that the game has left early access and been out for a month, it's time to update my review.First of all, most bugs have been fixed. There's still some that pop up now and then, but rarely anything that will impact your gameplay in any major way, and they will presumably be worked out too.Now the two major points: RNG and difficulty.A lot of players complain about the RNG. Not because it's broken or rigged, because it's not (several have tested it and confirmed that it's working fine).No, they complain because they either do not understand how RNG works (it's a ""Random Number Generator"", and a big clue is in the ""Random"" part), the gameplay mechanics or do not like it when they lose.First, for those not understanding the gameplay mechanics, here's how an attack works:-you attack a target, and a ""Hit Roll"" is made (based on your Hit chance)-if it's a Miss, you miss-if it's a Hit, your target gets a Dodge/Parry roll (if they are in Dodge/Parry stance)-if they pass their Dodge/Parry roll, they Dodge/Parry the attack and take no damage-if they fail the Dodge/Parry roll, you deal damageSimply put, you need to first Hit, and (if they are in a Dodge/Parry stance) they have to fail their Dodge/Parry roll.That's where a lot of people get confused or frustrated. The hit chance displayed does not take into account Dodge or Parry, only your chance to ""Hit"" (or not Miss) the target. So you'll find a few individuals claiming this makes the Hit chance shown is wrong.Yes, you can potentially miss 3 hits in a row when you have a 95% chance to hit. And yes that can happen in a short span of time. But over the course of 10,000 rolls, a95% chance to hit is a 95% chance to hit. Conversely, sometimes you'll also manage to hit 3 times in a row with a 5% chance. And it's exactly the same for the AI. I can't stress this enough:the AI has no hidden advantage to it's rolls!Streaks will happen on all sides, both good and bad.If you can't accept that sometimes RNJesus will screw you, then you can't stop reading. You will not enjoy this game, and I highly recommend against buying it.Then there's the difficulty.Is it a hard game? Yes. It's hard in the same sense that Mario Bros. was hard. Make too many mistakes and it's Game Over, start again.But if you look at most of the negative reviews, they are form people with very little time played. Few have more than 50 hours and the majority seem to have less than 20 (even as low as 0.1).And there's a good reason for that: This game takes time to get into properly. It's not a ""Jump in, kill some things, log off and have a biscuit"" game. This game requires a certain amount of patience.You'll most likely fail spectacularly with your first warband. Maybe even your second and third.It really can be a punishing experience at first.But when you start understanding the mechanics and taking some time to plan your warband and unit builds, things suddenly get a hell of a lot easier. Those mobs you needed 3 units to take out first time around, you can suddenly take on 2 at a time with only 1 unit.And the more time you spend planning and choosing your stats, skills and equipment, the better your units get.And then you get screwed by RNG, and your favourite unit dies. And when I say ""dies"", I do mean that the unit is dead and gone. No medical kits. No Revival spell. No Phoenix Downs. Your treasured Hero is lost forever.So you buy a new one and make him even better.That's how the game works. Your units are always replaceable, and you will replace them for better ones. Managing to get to Rank 10 without losing any units (not to mention without injuries) is supposed to be an achievement, not the standard.So in the sense that there's always a chance you'll lose units, or even your entire warband, all while trying to make sure you can fulfill shipping demands, it is indeed a hard game.Personally, I find it a nice change from the way more common mechanic of not actually losing anything if you fail. The Arkham series is a great example of that. Fall to your death? Nope. Automatic Bat-Grapple to a ledge. Get shot or beaten to death? Nope. You simple resurrect at the last Auto-Save. Nothing wrong with that type of mechanic, but it is not what you'll find in Mordheim.There are no backsies here. Consequences are permanent.It's certainly not for everyone, but I like it. Makes things more exciting when you know you can lose something.So, the positive things about Mordheim: CotD.-Warband and unit customization is vast and can keep you occupied for hours and hours.-The 4 warbands play very differently, and themselves be played in very different ways.-Single-Player is large enough to keep you occupied for a long time, with both random missions and 8 Story mission per warband. There is no end to the ranomd missions, so you can keep improving your warband as long as you like.-Multiplayer is really fun and engaging. It offers two different versions, one with consequences (injuries, death, loot gained, etc) and one without (no loot gained and no injuries or death). In both cases the match can be heavily customized to suit your preferences.-4 mission difficulties (Normal, Hard, Brutal, Deadly) let's you choose what kind of risk vs reward you go for.-Random monsters can appear and attack both sides, but are restricted to Brutal missions above rank 5 (so if you don't want to meet them, you don't have to).-Singleplayer and Multiplayer are tied together, so you can rank up your warband vs the AI then go fight other players.-potential for expansions (maps, warbands, etc) is huge.Now for the negative parts.-Multiplayer, while great fun, is lacking. No servers means no rankings, matchmaking or anything. There's only a lobby and inviting others. It can make finding matches a tedious process.-AI is dumb as a brick. As soon as you learn it's behaviour, you can easily beat it.-Visual customization of units is a little lacking.-Singleplayer and Multiplayer are tied together. Yes, it's also a negative, because it limits a lot of tweaks and additions to Singleplayer because it would affect multiplayer too. A ""PvE only"" option where you can Save at any point (or restart macthes), or ""PvP only"" where you can't buff up fighting the AI, are two highly requested features.Overall, I'd recommend this game to those who enjoy strategic and tactical games where you plan ahead, and spend time with warband and unit management, as well as fighting.I would not recommend it to players who want quick-paced action or easy games that don't require much thought.Just be aware that things take time and will not always go your way."
76561198069837495,Recommended,276810,29329203,Posted: 17 January,all,็,"I totally love this game ! Sad to see how all the negative reviews have less than 50 hours playtime in this game, not even giving themselves a chance to learn how to play it.Yes, it is difficult, it is punishing, sometimes even when you did everything right ! Sometimes you will wonder if the gods of RNG hates you and why they would want your elite soldiers to loose their limbs or life. Yes, this is not a game for the soft hearted or for those with anger managment issues, you might just end up breaking your keyboard or computer screen.But.. once you learn the basics this game is super fun !!My first warband was a skaven (ratmen) warband, But I had a difficult time managing these squishy creatures, so after some hours I moved on, tried the human mercenaries warband. This went a little bit better, still some deaths and injuries but I got by and kept progressing. After some time I decided to try the skaven again, and this time, after learning the basics, it was a completely different story. Sure there were still have some injuries and deaths, but it went a lot better after learning the basics of the game (and how to avoid doing massive mistakes that ends up killing off your troops for certain)This is not farmville, it is not CoD, it is not Command and Conquer. This is Mordheim, city of the damned, a stratergy game that punishes bad stratergies and stupid decisions. Only on very rare occations your troops suffer when it was not your own fault. It has a deep learning curve and takes a bit of time to really get into.Ive played all the warbands to level 10 (max) except sisters of sigmar and cult of the damned. The most enjoyable has been skaven and witch hunters, with the ratmen having a very good all around team and amazing henchmen (warpguard is by far the best henchmen in the game IMO), and the witch hunters having insanely good heroes and leader. In both these warbands you want to go for the optional leader, not the standard one. I dont have a single witch hunter in my witch hunter group, but rather a warrior priest with born leader and a couple of templar knights kicking♥♥♥♥♥ If you are having a hard time with the game try this out, the templars never die, and the warrior priest makes sure to keep them healthy. From my own experience heavy armor and shields with one handed weapons generally works out for the best, accompanied by perks that is useful for people who does many attacks each round, for example ""quick insicion"".Anyway, the game.. it has nice maps that always change up, every time you enter a match the map is different created ""random"", the main story maps are very enjoyable, the skill customizations and how you want to build your group is entirely up to you.PROS:Fun and challenging game!Always a new map. You are in the city of mordheim so the theme of the map is often similar, but in fact the map is always different.Huge character skill and setup customization.Active devs ! Every time I was thinking there was some issue with the game it got patched soon after to fix those issues.CONS:It is difficult in the start, this is definetly not a game for noobs or impatient people. Your troops will die and you have to decide if you want to ragequit or figure out exactly why they died, because 95% of the times things go bad it is not the RNG fault, it is your own fault because you did something stupid, perhaps got too greedy grabbing that far away wyrdstone away from your group, or you tought your archer was standing in a good spot when soon after realizing he gets trapped on that balcony he was standing on and chopped into bits because you put him in overwatch stance.I also wish there was more appearance customizations of all the troops. There is usually plenty of colors to choose from, but not a lot of other customization options in terms of how your troops look.Sometimes the AI go full retard, especially the impressive (huge elite unit), but it has been upgraded/patched and is now a lot better, they rarely do stupid stuff anymore.The game used to have more cons, like very slow loading times and some annoying bugs, but as far as I can see all those are fixed. Every time I encountered a bug in this game it was just after a new release and it got patched in less than 2 weeks every time.-----------------------------This is an amazing game for anyone who wants a challenge and is bored of many of the ""fed with teaspoon"" games made nowadays that holds your hand trough the entire process. Sometimes you sit there for a match or two, sometimes you sit there all night playing and tinkering with your troops, thinking about how you wish to build them. Tons of replay value and tons of fun once you get into it. A very fine stratergy game indeed !"
,Recommended,276810,13033949,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Grungy,"Should you buy this?Currently it's 11/21/2014 and this game is fun but doesn't have much of anything to do really. So at it's current state i'd say wait until it's finished unless you want the 20% off. I recommend buying this game but not quite yet.Is the game fun?Yes the game is quite fun actually it just has some issues and camera angles that suck at times but the overall game is fun. At the moment there isn't any of the special features such as getting damaged and having it remain the next time, gaining skills/experience, or even saving your characters yet. Personally i've been waiting for a game like this for a long time it just needs work still before it'sready to play."
76561198016118330,Not Recommended,276810,29797755,Posted: 9 February,all,Deceiver9811,"Started the game as the Sisters of Sigmar. Didn't have the best start but things were looking up on day 3 as I cornered the enemy leader in the first move, and got a successful charge to chunk him to half health. I decided to cast ""Sigmar's Might"" to make it more likely to finish him off with the next attack... Leader takes 9999 damage from a failed spell cast and instantly dies. My whole warband proceeds with similar luck and wipes without managing to kill anyone.Start again as the Mercenaries, first match is against Skaven and things are going pretty good. I lose my Hero and the Rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ steals his halberd, but I chase him down immediately and finish him off with a clean charge which causes them to route... Wait a minute, where's my Halberd? Oh right, after killing the rat I didn't have the movement left to pick up his loot which means even though I won, I still lost my weapon, and the Market doesn't refresh for another 7 missions.I want to like this game, being a warhammer nut, but the consequences for failure are too extreme. I don't mind consequences, I don't even mind Permadeath as long as you are reasonably able to avoid them, but it is nearly impossible to get through the first few days without some crippling loss beyond your control. For me what ultimatley defines a game as trash is whether or not I get unreasonably frustrated/angry while playing it and struggle to find enjoyment, and I have not rage quit a game so quickly since Chrono Cross.With all that said if you're not easily frustrated even by obviously ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics (Not intended as a Jab against Mordheim),  and you catch the game on sale for 70% off or something it's probably worth picking up, but only if you're a fan of Warhammer Fantasy."
76561198058981706,Recommended,276810,26203955,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ODBWolf,This game has its problems but it is fun and exciting. You can build your warband and history of it the way you like. The game can be harsh. But there is nothing like having a rough missen and just watching your warband come back and crush the enemy and live. If you don't like games that is high stake probably not for you but if you like the games where you can be the underdog and come back with a knock out then you might enjoy it.
76561198043853943,Recommended,276810,23479665,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[TaW] NoobBotZero,"MY First impressions: I hate&love the ""thrown in without much explanation"" approach. There are 4 ambiguous choices between which race I you want, which will effect, EVERYTHING. so no pressure. Then, there is something about grabbing all the stones, Killing the other three other choices you didn't choos and then the game throws everything on your plate.It's nice enough to restrict some things you don't need yet but I feel a sense of dread that I already ♥♥♥♥ed something up with the few choices I had, and not enough knowledge of what my actions actually will do. on top of that I don't like being made to spend resources without knowing what the value is cause it implies I might need them later for something better.On the other hand it implies, that none of that really matters and with hope I can pick up on mechanics as they become relevant so fingers crossed for the first mission...Mission overview: got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. two dudes got hurt, and my mage lost his staff so... Restart.If you buy the game, I strongly recomend you look at the controls, cause the game doesn't explain anything. easy enough to learn, but it doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you are just starting out. it's glove off from start to finish."
76561198202237213,Recommended,276810,22450062,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Skarsnik,"FOR PEOPLE THAT LOVE CHALLENGING GAMES (Dark Souls for example) this is most likely an interesting game to buy.If you're a Warhammer fan, you have to buy it, what so ever.Very steep learning curve, unforgiving AI (props to the devs). In the beginning I often thought ''well the AI isn't going to punish this, can't be that smart) and then it did exactly that. Probably one of the best AI's I have ever played against, you don't even have to play againt other players.The veteran mechanic where your soldiers can get permanent wounds or even die and get removed from your party makes every single game nerv shattering and very exiting.The 4 DLC heros the devs added are very creative and add new aspects to the game, so if the devs get some more time they will do wonders.Every Race plays differently and even within each race evey warband is different. Extremely high replay value.I have never been addicted to an other game other than Dark Souls, but this one is a gem."
,Not Recommended,276810,20887148,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Allerka [MG],"I like to think I'm an easy-going person. I've never actually given a game a negative review. But I guess that changes here.To say this game is brutal would be an understatement. This game loves to poke you in the eye and then keep pushing with its finger. Now, I don't mind a challenge. In fact I usually relish it. But this game takes it to a new level of frustration to the point where any semblance of fun goes out the window.After about a dozen battles, I've lost three warband captains. Sure, I can hire new ones no problems, but the enemies I face only get progressively more difficult, meaning the guy who's supposed to be the anchor to my party has to hide in the back and avoid even thinking about direct combat, because if these later enemies even sneeze on him, he'll explode. And captains are mandatory to actually fight.I could forgive the game's lack of polish, the mediocre graphics, the absurdly long load times (upwards of 2-3 minutes to load a skirmish with an i7 and SSD!), the little bugs, the glitchy interface, even the random crashes and framerate drops I keep experiencing. At it's core it's still a fairly fun system.But just when things actually seem to be looking up and I win a few matches, I find it's just a lull of false security. I go to look at the day's available missions. Both are labeled Hard or Deadly in difficulty, and with non-optimal deployment setups (I've found that if you don't start with your warband tightly placed, you WILL get slaughtered). I use some of the few gold I have left to send out scouts and find another mission. Nope, still Brutal difficulty with sub-optimal deployments. Well, maybe I can skip the day and refresh it. But wait, I have a wyrdstone shipment to complete, and if I don't get it sent out the game is gonna shove its finger in my eye again.So I grit my teeth and go to the lowest difficulty mission available. Of course my warband has to be scattered across the map. Of course the computer player actually knows where your guys are, even if you're not in LoS. Of course the weakest of my three teams is almost immediately ambushed before I can group up properly. Of course they're scoring critical hits left and right and of course my guys are largely missing, even with 80% or greater chances of hitting.Which brings me to perhaps my main complaint. This game straight-up cheats. There is NO WAY a properly programmed random number system should JUST HAPPEN to wind up with the overwhelming majority of my attacks and dodges, when my displayed chance of success is 80% or higher, being failed rolls. Sure, even with a 95% chance some attacks are going to miss. But I shouldn't be whiffing six or seven times in a row with those odds.Anyway, I think the breaking point for me was the last fight I was talking about above. I'm getting slaughtered, but grouping up and actually starting to turn it around. Strange how the enemy troops ALWAYS have ""room"" to disengage and flee, but I'm always blocked in. I'm trying to run down one of these guys, I just need to hit him one more time and he should be out. My guy traps him in a room and attacks. 84% chance to hit. It shouldn't be any surprise at this point what the result was. Then the AI guy makes a counter-attack, scores a critical hit of course, which stuns my guy, and next turn he gets two full attacks to kill my guy.In frustration I slam my fist on my desk. My Black Mesa coffee mug, which I've had for over four years, bounces off and shatters on the floor.This game all but literally destroyed my favorite piece of diningware. 0/10(And yes, of course several of my highest-ranked warband members were permanently maimed after the fight)"
76561198006743838,Not Recommended,276810,22640421,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Praseodymius,"I think I would enjoy this game a great deal more if it was even minutely less 'hardcore.'  Such as allowing saved game files after completed missions, and reloading to those saves after those successful missions.  Or, I don't know, maybe a way to remove the permanent, random, and absolutely brutal injury penalties units receive faster than most people can blink.Being a completionist, I find many of the game mechanics infuriating, not least of which is the steep learning curve with ZERO forgiveness for accidents, mistakes, and inattention.  I play games to relax, and this game.  It is not relaxing.If, however, you like the Fantasy Warhammer setting, and the 'uh-murs-uv' atmosphere it actually manages to achieve, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,276810,24808227,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,dannydangle,Valkyria Chronicles for animu hatersDark Souls with turns
76561198009008359,Not Recommended,276810,19757949,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Areneas,"After the AI Hail Mary of ""Betcha cant kill my stupidly high Def Skaven Leader"" gambit and failing to hit once out of 15 plus attacks and subsequently having an entire Warband die to 1 Character, I can safely say that if you do not like harsh RNG this game isnt for you.It certainly wasnt for me"
76561198043729998,Recommended,276810,20315779,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Goblano,"Alrighty, let me start by saying my quarrels with the game. It is slow. It is unforgiving. It is not unfair like everyone who is writing a bad review says so.It is slow in  how the battles unfold. Almost in a good way, because you do need to strategicly place your units and you have to crunch numbers on your risk/rewards. The beginning of battle usually consists of scattering your units to loot before you need to regroup in preparation of the actual battle.It is unforgiving in which to say YOU NEED MORE THAN YOUR TOP PLAYERS! It is almost like a rogue-like. Anything with permadeath and injuries should be taken that way. So train who you can, in all fields, or you won't easily be forgiven in being stingy.Now here's the class session on how the numbers work, because the misunderstanding is giving a B average game a bad name.-If I roll a d20, each numeral corresponding with 5% (1= 5%, 2=10%, 3=15%, etc.) with an 80% chance to Successfully SWING (Not hit) then all I need to do is roll a 4 or higher. Easy to hit right? No.-Now the opponent rolls to see if the Successfully Dodge (granted I met the swing roll). Let's say they are in dodge stance for a 50% dodge rate. If you successfully swing, the opponent gets to check for an 11 roll or higher. If they do so successfully, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thats how checks work.-Normally in games like this a critical swing is only dodged by a critical roll as well, if at all.So really, an 80% hit chance is a 40%. Or a 42ish% if critical swings bipass dodge rolls all together.Anyways. My point is, don't buy into the ""RNG is broken and unbalanced"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t everyone is complaining about.In terms of strategy: 8/10RPGness: 8/10Difficulty: 9/10Overall: 7/10Only brought down by the otherwise unappreciated slow pace of how the entire game draws out. But if you have patience with it, I'd say its a solid 8. 9 even if they add expansions."
76561198027708057,Recommended,276810,30484733,Posted: 12 March,all,Detroitmechworks,"I love this game for the fun feel of building up a party.While the perma-death/Ironman feel may turn off some, It feels a bit like a fun little miniatures game down at your local game shop, circa 2001-2007.Only thing that could have been better is a persistent enemy force, so you could face the same groups over and over, developing rivalries, that ONE jerk you want to put down, etc...As it is, the enemy parties are just random, or static.  Neither gets across the feel of actual consequences to your enemies, only to YOUR team.So, I recommend it.  Wish It was mod friendly or I knew how to code., because that's where so many minor little problems could have been solved."
76561198027771046,Recommended,276810,26480297,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mmm Yum Yum,"Being a veteran of the Table top Mordheim, I decided my life would not be complete without the Video game version. And let me tell you, I regret nothing from my purchase. This adaptation of the Table top game has me coming back to the fight just to continue the story of my Scaven Warband led by none other than Master Splinter himself.Mordheim: City of the Damned is not a easy nor forgive game at all. One wrong placement of your henchmen or your leader getting mobbed on by the sisters of battle and... you're done. If you enjoy an EXTREME challenge, then this game is perfect for your disturbed mind."
76561197987585739,Recommended,276810,15211882,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,{NT}Norgob,"i think this game is one of the best GW (Games Workshop) ip's ported to pc. Mordheim pc version is kinda like the table top version, even though some claim it not like the tabletop game and they are kinda true in that ""statement"", because we dont roll dices in this game. Other then that its pretty much the same game. I will rate it 10/10 even in its beta state phase 3.lots of custimization in skill treesrandom generated mapsgood graphics4 warbands now more will come latergood fun if you like mordheim and dont got friends to come over at 12 am for a cup of tea and a game :Ploot will come at a later pointhire merchaneries (hired swords) at later pointedit: well after the release of mordheim : the city of the damned pc versioni can only say that the developers did an awesome job ! This is truly a copy / paste edition of the board game !!!!! If you like mordheim tabletop then you would for sure like this"
,Recommended,276810,25799965,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zainiax,Best game to play if you want to feel the salt of losing 50 hrs of progress to some critical hit which will kill your leader.
76561197966983580,Recommended,276810,29019339,Posted: 4 January,all,middlefinger,"- This game provide a love/hate feeling as games should leave you with, to make you want to improve and beat the game.- If you are a sore loser, dont get it, because it will make your blood boil.- X-COM is the cute puppie next to this, as a real RNG game should be, this provides.- Stack the odds in your favor and yet you still might get thrown to the ground and beaten to a bloody pulp.- Alot of rogue elements will for sure challenge your tactical sense and strategi abilities.- High risk equals high reward and versa visa.""uhh that is a lot of cluster wyrdstones, i will sent half of my men in advance just to be sure to get it!""a few turns later of screams of agony and deaths -> Defeat.One half of your men survives with multiply permanent injuries and looks like they went through a meatgrinder, and the rest is dead. -> Worth it."
76561197997694185,Recommended,276810,22906639,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,jerry,"After reading many of the reviews, I was very sceptical about Mordheim, having played a lot of the table top Mordheim . In the end I did bought it and --- I was pleasantly surprised by the game.The story line is captivating.The user interface and controls are a bit getting used to, but it works.Warband management is fun.AI is not always very smart, but that's ok.Loading times are quite acceptable.The waiting time when enemy models move can be long. If I have to find an area where the game can be improved it would be this.In short, this is the best game I bought since Skyrim.It is perfect for the casual gamer, who, after a day of hard work and when the kids are asleep, wants to have a good game to play for a couple of hours. Not sure I would recommend this for a die hard gamer who spends 10+ hours of gaming a day."
76561198093248691,Recommended,276810,22576049,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kisstantari,"Great game lot's of fun, but the fact they sell individual characters is shameful, i expected warband packs but not single characters. Greedy so and so's should be ashamed of themselves. So many money grubbing companies dont seem to realize that they cut their own throat's while  trying and make a dime this way. I have many table top gaming friends who will not buy this game due to that, as a matter of fact if i knew they would do this i would not have bought it.Look what happened with sword coast legends...held back content in order to sell it to us and ended up with a lackluster product that could have been GREAT. Serves um right that they went out of buisness, i wish that on every company that does this. Again fun game horrible HORRIBLE marketing."
76561198005288135,Recommended,276810,18241972,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"@eawelcome to mordheim...my hero rat (skaven) lost a leg on his first day... now he have a peg leg...seriously... this isn't a ""wannabe hardcore"" game... this is hardcore.hard to learn, impossible to master.there is tons of stuff to learn, you need hours of hours to skill and equip your warband just to lose them anyway. permadead and permasave ftw.so this is more a warning...you need time... lots of time, to get into this game. however, it is deep and rewarding if you have the patience to read tons of stuff ingame & learn the hard way. if you one of these guys who switch games every week anyway, this is not for you... really it isn't. every battle is intense and you can lose lots of your progress if you fail... for example, if you think darkest dungeon is hardcore, this game will teach you a lesson what hardcore really means.recommended for people, who wants to ""work"" to get into the game... all other should stay out of mordheim... play something where you can save the world and be the overpowerd hero.in mordheim, only death, frustration and insane awaits you...still here and reading ?fine! well, this game is ... amazing. the third person action perspective and running around like an action game is... fresh and innovative for a turn based game. for a ""die hard tatical gamer"" who played games like ja2 or xcom to death on ironman, it's a new perspective and a ""must have"". the handling of the game is fast and easy, but like i said before, there are tons of information and stuff to consider, tactical deepness included.still curious ? give it a try and you will see... mordheim awaits you.@ releasenothing changed, everything is fine."
76561198154552044,Recommended,276810,20072480,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,True_Blue,Buy this game if you:1) Like tactical turn based squad management games2) Like RPGs and character development3) Like the Warhammer Universe and especially Mordheim4) Like rats that gang up and kill humansDon't buy this game if you:1) Hate Permadeath2) Hate a real challenge & RNG3) Hate lost limbs and mind4) Hate rats that gang up and kill humans
76561198007404989,Recommended,276810,24781436,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lamon,"I feel compelled to write a review based on how many negative reviews with low play time I am seeing showing up.This game will frustrate you while you learn the mechanics this is a given.  Even with 300+ plus hours in when I screw up and 3 Skaven jump out after i moved a little to far and take out my leader and i know i'm going to have an injury roll I will panic.  But i have to say that is what keeps the game interesting and fits the setting.  Mordheim chews up people and spits them out eyes, arms, legs your sanity all are on the line when you head into the city of the damned.  Having a real risk is what helps keep the game fresh as you have to replace your megolmaniac wizard because you though you could send him an extra couple doors down the seemingly empty alley to pick up some wyrdstone.The main point is i don't even think I knew what i was doing until 5+ hours of playtime and wasn't even doing it well until maybe 10-15+."
76561198006525664,Recommended,276810,13025060,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Crazy Goblin,"Even as an Alpha early release, this game has a lot of good things going for it. I look forward to playing it more and enjoying it more as new features are added."
76561198098442287,Recommended,276810,18803047,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ddd09ish1,"Game is hard. If you hate difficulty, go play dark souls. Its easier.Thats the short version, if that turned you off, stick around there may be a bright side to it.First of all, if you like tactics games, you will like this game. Valkyria chronicles, War of the lions, Fire emblem, XCOM, if you have favorable memories of any of those games then you will know the drill here and have a good time.The game wont be easy, You will be punished for your mistakes, but ristaking leads to the best rewards.The basic concept for most matches boils down to that. Many people will complain that deployments can decide a mission before the game starts, but those same out of position characters are usually the ones who gather your resources. And honestly, if your deployment makes you lose the game your doing it wrong, since you can always turn on the option to personally deploy your forces. And at that point you can either do hammer and anvil scenarios (which will always favor you) or retreat and gather scenarios (where you pull back to a defensible location first before moving back out to collect resources)Also, there is a large degree of verticality to this game that doesnt really have an equilvalent in those other games i mentioned. Mobile factions (or factions that make themselves pseudo mobile) tend to do well simply because they have an easier time navigating the world. Ranged weapons are critical in many of these vertical locations as they allow you to get in damage when your opponent cant.That being said there IS a faction for which only the bravest and manliest among you will play. The sisters of sigmar. My faction of course :pThey are the least mobile faction with the worst ability to climb, leap, or generally cover ground.They are the only faction that is completely incapable of using ranged weapons. Sound awesome? Thats because they are also the best faction in straight fights. 1 on 1 they will beat their equivalent in other factions....but if your opponent lets you be 1 on 1, they are doing something wrong :pHope this helps, cheers!"
76561198022117855,Recommended,276810,19023413,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Yustarius,"The game is good and well done even for a EA is realy realy well done, don't remember any ea polished and stable as this one.The dev keep in touch with the players(they answer if you ask on the forum) and are honest on waths going on ( a lot of other dev can learn something from those guys, i'm looking at you cyanide but someother too).The game itself has all you expect from this genre, difference race to choose from, every race is different but you can also personalize them a lot with a good amount of equip/skill choice.In the strategic aspect you have your band of man to manage plus the possibility to choose the mission you will do, you will get randomized missions every day ( the repleability of this game is almost infinite).On the tattic part, well... you have to succede and keep your man alive if possible!If you like strategic/tactic turn based game this one CAN'T MISS IN YOUR LIBRARY!"
76561198025895378,Recommended,276810,20295699,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,GrandHerb,"Imagine X-Com, but set in the age of sword and musket.Imagine Blood Bowl, but lacking a ball, played in a ruined urban enviroment and no longer needing an excuse to stomp your enemies into the ground instead of playing the objective.Imagine Valkyria Chronicles with slightly less awkward controls and deeper character customisation.Now imagine that, while all of that is going on, your wizard critically miscasts a Blinding Light, looses concentration, primal forces of Chaos erupt from all his orifices, knocking out the hapless caster, two party members and a nearby enemy ratman, while also attracting a nearby wandering demon to your location.Welcome to Mordheim."
76561198005577371,Not Recommended,276810,27733162,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Warlord-616x,"i love warhammer in general, and played the table top game (and Warband before it) which is a good time and close to this, but i dont really have much fun with these random number generated pc games anymore.  Just always feels like the ai gets what he needs every time, and i get borked.  also visibility is just a headache and not something that was in the tabletop obviously, and will lead to some disasters that have long term implications that the ai doesnt have to deal with.  I dont mind perma lose, but the feeling of getting forced into it when you shouldnt otherwise was just a bit frustrating for me.game has decent graphics and mechanics otherwise, the missions can be fun, altho if you dont know what the objectives are ahead of time you are going to get hurt which can be particularly painful after doing it perfect, then having to run around looking for an objective for hours then the ai spawns all over the map and wipes out your whole party and kills multiple members for good that have otherwise never made a mistake.I keep trying to get into this game, and just playing through my loses, but when you start feeling jacked and the problem starts compounding because you are now missing a vital element from your team the frustration just increases exponentially for me especially when combined with the problems above.also the object of the game is slightly more confused in this format, and not really digging how they did the dlc's..."
76561198330030534,Recommended,276810,31678834,Posted: 11 May,all,Hydraulic Dream,I Love this game! It's so much more like the table top game then I ever expected a video game could be. I'll be playing this one for years to come.
76561198091776885,Recommended,276810,30282703,Posted: 2 March,all,[EcG] SwordThane,"Great game TONS of depths! Most of the reviews you see are complaining about difficulty in the game. This game is extremely unforgiving and the AI is smart. I HIGHLY recommend if you're a fan of strategy and tactics then you need to pick up this game just be warned that this game is unforgiving it will punish you extremely hard for making a mistake, like loss of troops *perma death or injury or having to restart your game.*Now with that being said when you buy, I recommend that you look at what warband would be good for your play style and possible pick up that dlc, I prefer the undead/Vampires.Pro:Difficulty:Tactics and strategy:Map layouts and variation of objectives::Tons of different warbands to choose from:Fully customizable troops and heros:Warband management's beyond combatCons:DLC DLC DLC:RNGI got the game on sale and when all the DLC were on sale.Over all if you love games like:Xcom with Iron Maiden mode turned on then this game is for you.If you hate games that:Wont hold your hand or tell you what to do or let you turn down the difficulty then this game is NOT for you."
76561198051144735,Recommended,276810,18382370,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,nagashlordofthedead,"Still much to difficult. With one misstake or a bad diceroll you can losse everythning you have bilded up for hours. In all fights your opponent is stronger and most time you have no chances to make the second goal of a mission, unless you sacifice some of your hard trained troops...But the rest of the game is awesome. Maybe a save and a quicksave option will make it much easier ;-)"
,Recommended,276810,18400395,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Suavis,"7 hours into the game. Honestly, I think this game has huge potentials, but right now I only seem to get trashed on by every other faction. Even when I'm at an advantage of 4vs2. Example: 4 of my warband have a 77% chance to hit, ALL of them. Even with such a decent chance, they miss, EVERY, SINGLE, TIME. But then again, it's early access. I don't use the hit chances as a reason to write the negatives, especially since I know this game will be great when it'll release. But I have to say, this game made me rage-quit more than the Russians on CS:GO. Still recommending this game.Positives:- Great models for different factions- Great environment, feels like you're really in a ruined city.- Lots of various ways to level up your characters- Customization (Personally think this is a huge deal)- Fair 'economy'- Passive objectives (Objectives that come back after a while, but always the same kind)- Various weapons, lots and lots of weapons.- Huge potential- Updates happen frequently- Fair amounts of damage given and taken- Too many options for customization, which I personally see as a good thingNegatives:- 'Unfair' chances to hit (My experience)- 'Unfair' amounts of movement for other parties (Sometimes they just run 50 metres without giving a damn)- Not enough hair models and beards (I want more beards)- Limited amount of factions (Would be nice if there were a little more options to choose from, my opinion)- Getting stuck on some of the surroundings even though you're not even touching it or even getting stuck.Early Access score: 6/10Potential score: 9/10With other words, I'd buy it before the price goes higher, this game has potential like no other."
76561198010958583,Recommended,276810,25967620,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Expalphalog,"Full disclosure: I am a huge fan of the tabletop game.As a video game, Mordheim has pretty much everything that I look for. Great setting? Check. Player agency on progression? Check. Turn-based strategy? Check. Customizable characters? Check.As someone who adores 4X games (which this is not one, but there is some crossover) and old-school RPGs, Mordheim is awesome. My only complaint is the lack of warbands. Hopefully that will be remedied over time. Carnival of Chaos is a must-have addition."
,Not Recommended,276810,18249299,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Kelfezond,"Really, really, really wanted to enjoy this game, but there is just way too much RNG, everything is RNG. I love the fact your characters can get injured and you have to manage your warband, not just throw them into repeated combat and I don't mind having rolls on my attacks, my dodges, my spells, the things that I understand mordheim and games like it are all about but in a game where having a small advantage will win you the game having character placement down to RNG is just insane. Start the game with a character a little too far away or a little too close to multiple enemies and you've immediately lost before you've even started, sure you can fight, try to group up but the point is that tiny bit of RNG completely influences the rest of the game. It feels as if any choice I make is overall irrelevent because the match started with me a player down.The RNG on routing also drove me crazy, multiple games I have played now where when it comes down to it I was the obvious winner, but my team surrendered because a random henchman in no tactical position at all who I pretty much sacrificed to ensure me the overall victory died. I've had teams rout when they're still a player up, 3v2 with higher health and better equipment than their opposition.Theres just far too many RNG influences in the game that take the overall result away from the players control, it feels as if no matter how good or bad you play the result is mostly decided from the initial starting positions, if I get the jump on the enemy I'll win, if I don't I'll lose. That wouldn't be so bad if ""getting the jump"" involved pulling them into an ambush but it doesn't, it involves getting lucky enough to start in useful positions.TLDR: If you're the kind of person who doesn't get frustrated by losing a game down to a couple of bad rolls in the first few minutes of gameplay then this game is probably going to be enjoyable for you."
,Recommended,276810,31666143,Posted: 10 May,all,Saitech,RNG so brutal you'll swear the AI are using hacks.
76561198007574200,Recommended,276810,23515584,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,kyranhe,Highly addictive play with multiple gang builds available. Game can be slow at times and loading screens can be frustrating. Hopefully more gangs will be added soon and the developers can sort out the buffering issues.
76561198003716895,Recommended,276810,19239856,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Partycrasher,"Gets the dark and twisted atmosphere of the Warhammer world just right imo. There is a learning curve and the game can be brutally unforgiving while you're learning the mechanics, but  definitely worth it for any Warhammer fan. The progression and customisation system for the warbands is great, but be prepared for permanent injuries including missing limbs..."
,Recommended,276810,14337250,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[ML] ZERO (Silicon),"Every patch this game just keeps getting better. Even though Skaven are unfinished, they play like Skaven, and are fun as hell to work with. I have only ever won 2 matches, because of the incomplete species, but I refuse to play anything else (I have tried them!).The controls take a little getting used to, but they work very well. The camera issues are slowly getting worked out in each patch and new content is being added at an extremely reasonable rate.The graphics are beautiful, the weapons are perfect, and the whole concept to implementation makes this my #2 Games Workshop PC game (Sorry blood bowl 2 wins here I am too biased....).Buy this while its on offer in pre-release and you won't be disapointed."
,Recommended,276810,26208420,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Deadnight,"This is an excellent turn-based adaptation of the Mordheim boardgame, but you do not need to be familliar with the board game, or even the Warhammer fantasy setting to enjoy it.The developers actively engage with the community on the forum, and there are several player made groups dedicated to pvp matches and tournaments."
76561198030601762,Recommended,276810,19629103,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Kodex Watson,"Short version? it's fun, and a definite buy with friends to play it with.Long version, Mordheim is a game that really tears me up, on one hand, the emotional side of me gets attached to each character, you can customize each one with a flurry of options and even write your own biography for them.  On the other hand, if you actually use them and they are put out of combat (happens pretty often by the way, even if you're experienced a bad RNG for a match can still ruin your day.)  then they could get brain damage, lose a limb, an eye, get a permanent wound, or even straight up die, which really breaks my heart when I spent so much time making them into a real character and then firing them because they got hit so hard they don't even remember where they are in the next battle.So, if you like emotional heartbreak and aren't afraid to use a little imagination, definitely a game for you.While the RNG can be a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at times, its usually fairly balanced and you'll get an extremely good game for each extremely bad one.  The game plays A LOT like XCOM, just in a very different setting.  To make things even more fun, it plays like XCOM does on ironman mode, with autosaves aplenty and no save scumming (or at least minimal) so what you do actually means something.So, if you like XCOM, and want a challenge, go for it.But maybe you really hate the fact that there's no progression in XCOM, that every game means you lose all your previous progress, well well well,  Mordheim's got you covered.  They put in a ""Veteran System"", which basically means the more you play, the better each new warband you make gets, crazy stuff right?So if you like progression throughout an entire game and also through each one of the warbands you create. you know what to do.You like choices?  Well, there's a few.  Sure, four warbands may not be a ton of choices, but like the rest of the choices in game, they actually matter.  Each different warband actually has an entirely different storyline, that's baller!  I mean, that makes the game like, 4 times more replayable, at least!  Not to mention each warband looks and plays distinctly differently.  You may play your sisters of sigmar like tanks, and your skaven like rogues, or you could do it the other way around, I don't judge.So if you like choices, yup, this game is the way to go.Maybe you hate difficult games, well then this is tough for me to recommend, but I'll do it anyway!  In fact, you should recommend it too!  Grab a friend, name a warband ""The Salvation Army"" and feed your friends to your heart's content!  Easy mode has never been so, well, easy!Want something easy? Yeah, mordheim even has that.Or maybe you wanna show off the greatest warband that has ever existed.  Can't get enough of rubbing it in your friends faces that you wreck everything, but don't want all your grade A units to come back from a battle beaten and bruised? Oh man, guess what?  Yeah, morheim's got you.  In exhibition mode you can crush your friends warband without actually destroying it for real, proving you're the king of the city of the damned (for whatever that title is worth.)Like to brag?  Do it.I guess it wouldn't be a review without a bad section though, I'd like to see coop 2v2 warband matches, I think that'd be cool.  Then you could mix up your strategies and build warbands around support, I'd love to see some straight healers supporting another warband, it would bring a whole new perspective to the game.  The item interface is mildly annoying, the fact that you can't drop items and cant get rid of anything unless you put it in a chest is really inconvenient, especially on missions where you have to pick up certain items, but I suppose you could always just consider it another resource management tactical choice ""should I pick up this nice item? or use this character to go get the quest items?"" Finally, impressive units are insane, I have to push my whole team on one to even attempt to fight it, and if its friends are nearby they wreck me.  It's not even about luck at that point, they are just entirely too good at both offense and defence.  My whole team can barely take one out (relatively early game) and then they get to have 3 swings on my characters?  It's like the game is trying to wound my warband.So, get this game, and also, if you don't have friends, just add me, I'm game to feed you whenever."
,Not Recommended,276810,29076027,Posted: 6 January,all,loganjamesalex,"Punishing. Demanding. Grueling. I feel like reaching a point where the game isn't constantly stressful and extremely difficult will never be within my grasp. there is nothing that pulls me to play as the only victories i can achieve are when bugs prevent my enemies from jumping down or climbing and losing just means i lost all my gear/everyone is injured so a fresh new warband would be stronger. after playing what was reccomended for new players, the standard reikland soilders for hours and making it partway through their storyline all the things that excited me about this game have faded away and i regret my decision to put this on my wishlist and wait for it to go on sale (as well as buying all dlc except undead). i had a really good feeling about this game and enjoyed the first few hours just the amount the enemy increases in strength compared to the amount you decrease in strength with every loss is rediculous as well as the quest diffuculty rating. a ""normal"" mission that has a chaos spawn that can kill over half my warband single handedly is kinda rediculous"
76561198006267565,Not Recommended,276810,24525983,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Guyver,"RNG is what you will be up against.  Almost Xcom, yet without the polish, entertainment value, and a save feature.  The game forces you to deal with auto-saving only, so be ready to deal with missing attacks with 95% chances to hit!  2 / 10"
,Recommended,276810,17670038,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,jayplussilentbob,The Game is Looking good they have worked hard since Start up and I cant wait to see more. I would only have one suggestion that Mordheim gain a hot seat option where you could fight against your other teams files. If that is made this game will be the Greatest Early Access Game i have ever play.
76561198094453555,Not Recommended,276810,24748168,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SafetyDance,"Tried it during the free weekend. I'm glad I didnt join the hype train.  RNG seems to be just an NG, and foes seem to have buffed stats to make up for lacks in AI.Overall, the game has its moments and is fun to play, but still I wouldnt recommend it, unless you can get it for less than 10 Euro. It's just not worth anything more."
76561197978027296,Recommended,276810,21581256,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Steiner,"Mordheim - City of the damned.I bought the game with low expectations - expecting a Xcom style game but with swords and bows rather than guns and lasers. I haven’t played anything since. It's addictive and challenging which is a breath of fresh air from all the other 'hold your hand' titles pushed out by other gaming developers of late.Warning...! Before purchasing this game note that Mordheim is not for the weak of heart. If you’re a player that generally plays games on easy or normal difficulty and loads a prior save point whenever one of your guys dies... then this game is not for you, This game has but one setting - ****ing hard.If you’re a player who is looking for a challenging single player strategy game (which also has the option of multiplayer), enjoys building a warband - where the stats you level up, the equipment you find and the skills (or spells) you teach can make the difference between a victory or a defeat and is not going to rage when your brand new (expensive) wizard, trained in the arcane arts of magic, steps forward, arms outstretched and starts uttering the mystic words to cast a lightning bolt at some stinking rat in the distance.... but somehow gets the spell wrong and instead self-destructs in a magnificent fashion - killing himself instantly (much to the horror of your warband) then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,276810,20598923,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kelos Tanzen,"Not as glitchy as I thought it might be, plays well enough, though three misses at 95% chance of hitting gets you wondering sometimes what's with the RNG.Basically just lots of fun really, but brutal as all get out and unforgiving when those misses on RNG do occur."
76561198059067228,Recommended,276810,20572502,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,All Bombard Erryting,"rng can screw you over, but once you get used to it and learn to be careful it's not so bad. had a lot of fun, like 150 hours of fun"
76561198009291175,Recommended,276810,20475220,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Frogspawned,"I love this game, but at time of writing this review I have to say that it is very deeply flawed.For the most part a faithful and enjoyable adaption of Games Workshop's specialist squad-based combat system, City of the Damned is a wonderfully dark, gritty, tense and tactical experience...... once you actually load the damn thing up. My PC is not exactly what you'd call slow, but it takes phenomenal amounts of time to get past the game's loading screens. Considering that you need to go through that ordeal every time you want to fight a battle, and that battles are practically the sole focus of the game, this detracts massively from the overall experience. And while I call the game ""Tactical,"" this only really holds true playing against other human beings. The AI in this game is competent - clever, even - but nine games out of ten are almost guaranteed to have some kind of bug, whether that be running against a wall and never getting anywhere, not reliably counting as engaged in combat when fighting on or around stairs, or trying to get somewhere they simply will not fit.Despite this, however, the management and progression systems are well polished, the skill and equipment mechanics deep and interesting enough that you can spend hours customising your fighters to fit the roles you want, the injuries show up in all their gory detail on the character models, and the array of mutations available to Chaos warbands is a thing of absolute twisted beauty. I feel entirely satisfied by the breadth of customisation available in this game, and overall it does a superlative job of capturing the essence and character of the Warhammer universe.But when considering this game always bear in mind that I wrote this while waiting for a scenario to load.Edit 09/02/16: It bears mentioning that loading times have now been much improved. I would say that it's even quite quick, now, often finishing before the excellent loading screen voiceovers finish doing their thing."
76561198008801329,Recommended,276810,20639418,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The White Rat,"desperately in need of more factions, but a very good game, bad for your OCD though!"
,Recommended,276810,23826236,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nemo,"This is a great squad tactic game. Lots of fun with good risk vs reward. Squaddies can die, so be careful on placement. Just be sure not to loot too many things, as the game's resource is more valuable than weapons and especially bounty items, which should ONLY be picked up if there is an optional quest for them. When looking over your sucess roles it can be confusing as I believe the number you rolled should be a different color or something to make it stand out and better understand what you rolled."
76561198026564395,Recommended,276810,15419659,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,cultleaderxx,"Looks to have potential. I am excited about playing this game as of Sept. 27 2015. It has a very good feel to it. Like playing one of the Games Workshop minature tabletop games. You can change a ton of bits on each model and paint it several different colors and schemes. The game is almost like the table top game as well with the item selections, the spells, skills, attributes, and perks all adjustable and customizeable.There is now progression and consequences, in my first battle my hero was surrounded and defeated, in the after action report it was revealed that the hero had been mortally wounded and lost an arm. The model was forever afterwards missing a limb and could not hold a shield anymore. There are objectives during combat and the AI isn't terrible at ganging up on you and isolating single units. (not certain at this time if the AI will complete objectives of it's own or if it has them) but the game has a sense of RPG to it now.Money well spent as the developer keeps pushing out new content and seems to be working on something that could be unique in the Games Workshop videogames; a digital version of the table top game. 4 races at this time and hoping to see undead, orks, and elves, but a very solid game at this point with most bugs stompped out regularly as they creep up. I would recommend this game to any GW fans of the old mordheim and inquisitor games.P.S. I would love to see skins and maps for Inquisitor/Necromunda using this engine, all the mechanics are similar enough to make it a fantastic 40k experience."
,Recommended,276810,24748779,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Drunk N' Deadly,"Mordheim : The City of the Damned is a pretty complex turn based squad game where you are managing a warband fighting and looting in the streets of the city of Mordheim.A lot of people will complain the RNG is unfair or rigged due to simply not understanding the mechanics. As this is one of those games that even after a 100+ hours you occasionally will still learn new things about how to best deal with your opponents, how to minimize the effect RNG has on your success and failure.The game is in a similar genre of game to Xcom, though to be fair it has a lot more complexity and stats going on, which can lead to a lot of confusion and frustration for even the most seasoned turn based tactics gamer.This in no way makes the game worse once you get the hang of the game and how it works, it can however lead to a frustrating early experience, especially if you go into the game without understanding how it works to at least some extend.Veterans of the game will consistently have warbands with a 95%+ win rate against the AI, some of us even 99-100% win rate on majority of our warbands, which is a clear indicator that in the end, RNG is not the determining factor majority of the time.Are there times where RNG can completely mess one or two of your dudes? Yes, but you will maybe at most lose one out of a hundred matches against the AI Purely due to RNG, if you are losing more than that? It's cause the player is doing something really wrong.Now don't get me wrong, the game has its flaws, such as a reversed difficulty curve and by this I mean that due to how little control you have with a level 0 to 3 crew and the low amount of income you will have while learning the game, which can definitely make the game hellish difficulty wise the first few warbands you build until you get the hang of it.But take the time to learn the mechanics and build your warband and trust me it will pay off in the end.Should you buy mordheim? It depends, it does take a certain mindset and a lot of patience, in addition to that it requires that you accept your own mistakes as a player. It is a hardcore experience that will take a lot of dedication to master and due to that I can't recommend the game to a more casual crowd of gamers.However if you are in for a challenge, willing to accept blame for your characters horribly dying (not blame RNG) and the dedication to master the mechanics of mordheim? Well go get it already! Cause you will be in for a wild, gut wrenching ride that might just make you the richest warband of the streets of mordheim."
76561197969381214,Recommended,276810,19169672,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Blood.Collector,I bought this game in early access a year ago. I think that this game is a good example of how early access can help the developpers get feedbacks and take the final product to the next level. People who worked on this game should be very proud as I feel this game successfully captured the essence of the original Mordheim tapletop game. I like the final product since it meets most of the expectations I had back when  I purchased it. I hope they add new warband races too because the Mordheim universe has much to offer. Great games are all about gameplay and replay value in my opinion.
76561198083040130,Recommended,276810,19108009,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,toranaga1985,"a must in for any warhammer fana must in for anyone seek for challenge and hardcore experiencedefently a must for does ho seek a online face to face ""keyboard to keyboard?"" challenge, ""hopefully more then one vs one in the future :-p""this game does not reflect the tabletop game in mechanics ""for most of them i have to say i'm pleased of that :-p"" but has all his spirit, his atmosphere.devs are really working hard on this and those gamebraking problems that went out were solved in a matter of hrs.other then that they really listen to community for the propouse of making ingame change.so far a very nice community of firendly player surround this game, balancing and challenge experience seems in the interest of everyone.soon this game will be released i will raccomand to jumpin asap to be able to give your contribution to this raw gem till is still raw :-p^^"
,Recommended,276810,20714376,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Morton,"If you play warhammer fantasy you'll love this game, you dont got the fun of making your own models but Mordheim is one of the best games to GW came out with,"
76561198044664543,Recommended,276810,13089410,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kuja,"This game has very high potential, just needs a few things smoothed out.The potential of this could could skyrocket if there is ALOT of customization, right now the fights are quite, i hit you, you hit me, but im sure with variety various combernations could prove amazing.Right now there are a few things that arent very user friendly- devs cant expect everyone to understand!- Map - Needs to be more interactive, quite ugly atm- Menu screens - Not very user friendly and quite ugly, could do with some explantions... for the life of me i cant work out what does what sometimes.- CPU seem to have limited difficulty, im sure that will change- Loading % screen would be nice!- Small graphic wall bug, not a big dealBut yea overall if a large amount of customization and weapon equips can be introduce this could potenitally be huge"
76561197987910195,Recommended,276810,13050810,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[kTc]LoOnyCal,"I have to say that even for early access and its small pitfalls, i absolutely love this game. I am only hoping they put up some kind of ranking board or  something similar so you can see where and how u rank in the  world. And then bring forth more warbands."
,Recommended,276810,13031632,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DTOX,"An excellent turn-based RPG/Strategy adaptation of the table-top Warhammer model Mordeheim. This game feels very atmospheric and true to the franchise, the art direction is suitably gritty yet gorgeous. That being said, the game does need some refinement - but thats what Alphas are for right?The general flow of the battle can feel clunky at times, due to some small issues with pathing and combat initiation. Some turns feel a little awkward and slow as you control units with WASD and not with the mouse. Combat animations look good but lack variety. Spellcasters add an extra layer of strategy to your turns but lack battle presence and majesty. Granted i am not so familiar with the spellcasters of Mordeheim but i am very familiar with Warhammer Fantasy and the likes of the Bright Wizard.Multi Player is where its at - if you can get a game going. Being Alpha, there are currently issues with connectivity, load times and the odd desync. I have played a few games and they were pretty awesome. The battles can take a while to get going as both sides map out their strategies and asess their opponents but once your Warbands collide the action picks up.After some refinement, general optimization and tweaks to the flow and meta of Mordeheim i can see this becoming a *great* game. We have still yet to see the best parts too - looting, warband customisation, match making and unit progression. And im hoping the game files are moddable as this game will go down well within the modding community and Warhammer fans alike.8/10."
76561198000787845,Recommended,276810,18837914,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,LaconicLament,"As one who has fond memories of this game so many years ago, I'm thrilled to see it in a digital format.  It's still in early access, but already it seems very promising to truly fulfill some hefty expectations.  The fights grow ever challenging, the nostalgia is there, and the tactical turn based combat I love is well delivered.  A great game for Mordheim fans or turn based fans alike!"
76561197989602708,Recommended,276810,19077406,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,fenris_the_great1,It's really rather good.
,Recommended,276810,18825135,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Overburn,"I have been watching and waiting. I finally bought the game once warbands, loot, and presistance was implemented. And, at this early stage. . . I can already say this is the best dambned startegy game I have played in a long long time. Maybe even ever. It hits all my additcion triggers in a good way."
76561198255489589,Recommended,276810,18938165,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nafe,"Capturing the spirit of the table top game, Mordheim is a must own for fans. Grim, challenging and lots of fun, get it now!"
76561198001192112,Recommended,276810,18767181,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Green,"Highly reccomend this game. I have never purchased a early access game, but this one is real great. Dev's are very responseive and constantly update with better and better patches."
76561197972655896,Recommended,276810,19064594,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,prettyflyboy,Great game if you are into hardcore RPG!
76561198097423182,Recommended,276810,20735274,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SebfromMTL,"Great game with lots of risk and rewards.Only 2 things I really dislike about it are:-The looong and I mean looooong load times when loading a mission-The cheap hp boost that the AI gets. I understand it is not as smart as a real person but I don't yet understand the logic behind the boost, makes some fights unfair even though it's the same units fighting on each side.Otherwise I would highly recommend this game"
76561198164942461,Recommended,276810,19064761,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,flosion21371,"Great game, i purcharsed this last year and stopped playing it back then do to lack of what i was looking for im glad i decided to start it up agian this past week, still only 4 options for warbands but thats understandable id rather the Devs keep devopling game play then adding more warbands to it."
,Recommended,276810,25503136,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,MMOJunkie,"This game has everything!! from screeching battle harpies (sisters of sigmar),chaos loonies,OP skaven and an RNG that'll leave you bald,depressed,insane and angrier than a demon who's just been castratedThis game has severly p****d me off numerous times,first of all it IS a fair game,my previous experiences with Blood Bowl has hardened me somewhat to these kind of games,some of you may know exactly what I mean.NEVER (if you can help it) Go up against any foe alone, always outnumber them and flank them.NEVER try to go for wyrdstone and attack the enemy at the same time,As soon as the AI finds you, they will send all their forces at you, you'll find yourself quickly outnumbered,Tied up in combat and having to abandon all hopes of the lovely green stuff.Even sending one guy off alone to flank/steal wyrdstone while your forces are commited is risky, especially if they are caught alone, as the AI never fully commits all their forces....I found this out the hard way :("
,Recommended,276810,28782581,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,c0d3monk33,"As a longtime fan of the original Games Workshop tabletop 'Mordheim' game from roughly a decade ago, it warms the pit of my bitter, cold heart to see such a fantastic digital translation of the game. If anything this version of Mordheim is richer than the original tabletop game, with many more options for customisation of your various warbands, and a bunch of campaign scenarios to battle through as well as random skirmishes.Great to see the recommended specs aren't that high either which means it'll work on most graphics cards from the last 5 years or so. Workmanlike graphics, but nice models for the warbands, who also reflect the wounds they get along the way - scars, and missing limbs appear on the game models.People complaining about the 'random number generator' aren't paying attention to the basic mechanics of the game as there's a roll to hit, vs roll to dodge by the target system in play. Means even with an 90% to hit you can still miss if the target has a good dodge ability.Not a game to be played lightly, as you'll get thrashed unless you apply intelligent use of your warband by flanking and ganging up on your opponents. Never fight 1:1, always gang up on the enemy and Mordheim will reward the unsportsmanlike warband!"
,Recommended,276810,20799689,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,KylerStern,pretty dang cool.
76561198068962555,Recommended,276810,32932737,Posted: 28 June,all,Corvus,A pretty faithful recreation of the much loved table-top game. Steep learning curve at the start but once you have the hang of the basics there is a suprising amounf of depth. Pro tip- start out with warband that has ranged... makes newbie life a lot easier!
,Recommended,276810,13025174,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Stealth Bear,Amazing potential in this game. If the developers come through on their promises this game is going to be simply amazing.
76561197988814610,Recommended,276810,13077960,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Arctic,"Considering it is still in Alpha, this is a very solid and promising game. So far I have been unable to test multiplayer- the game has a 100% chance of crashing during the loading screen, if it gets that far. Its difficult to give this a rating during Alpha, but I can assure fans of Games Workshop and Mordheim in particular will be happy with this title."
76561198019492364,Recommended,276810,13025852,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,"[FB] El""FightingChicken""Diablo","This game is early access, so there is a number of small issues but you can see that these should be ironed out as the game developsWhat i would like to see them fix so far, is some issue with the camera panning into the wall for some action sequences, and the addition of a mini mapOtherwise, if the game continues the way its going, I can see myself clocking up the hours on it"
76561198005844544,Recommended,276810,19057937,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Hrothfar,"An excellent game, done by people who seems to love the original tabletop game. There are some minor defaults (loading times, interface sometimes messy) but overall, a very pleasing game and true a Mordheim experience !"
76561198016997891,Recommended,276810,19166617,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,spifomie,"So the game has been released. How does it fare up?Overall pretty well.To make this short, sweet, and lazy: if you fall into any of these catagories, you'll probably find this game worth the price:-fan of the original mordheim tabletop game-fan of warhammer-constant progression marred by varying degrees of crippling injuries suffered in battle-don't mind a bit of RNG goodness-like the idea of being able to customize a warband and watch as they grind themselves into the ground hunting for precious green rocks admist the horrors of a dangerous trap filled battlefield.Did those interest you? if so, you might enjoy this game.however, there are some things to keep in mind:-graphic/animation quality is quite low for a title priced as such, especially when compared to the incredible graphics of also recently released vermintide.-1v1 matches only. No options (balanced or not) for multi-player. Considering how long each match takes, this might be for the best, but still something to mention that the option isn't present whatsoever.-rng injuries/battle system is fun for some, but not fun for others.-not enough customization options to make the warriors truly feel like ""your own"". Presets can be quite annoying to work with.-LOOONGG loading times. even on SSD and cranked up computer.-Occasional multiplayer D-syncs which makes playing contest matches a bit risky.keep in mind, at this point, for those more focused on the narrative, there is a ""contest"" mode which allows injuries and such to take place in multiplayer, but no way to set up leagues, multi-player matches, or other features one might expect when trying to do those old-classic crazy matches like you can when huddled around a mordheim tabletop.for 40 bucks, the quality of the game is a bit low. I recommend it if those bullet points interested you. If they didn't, then perhaps look into vermintide for a AAA production game at a 30 dollar price tag set in the warhammer universe."
,Recommended,276810,18738952,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,tjsketch,"I have never reviewed a game before, but as a Warhammer Fantasy fan, and a Mordheim table top fan, this game was a dream for me. Now that it is here, I can't stop playing it. I haven't had this much fun with a video game since Skyrim first came out. Completely different games, but same level of enjoyment. I am not the most veteran PC gamer, in fact you might say I am pretty casual so my references are limited. This game is not without flaws, but the company creating the game has been very good at addressing the community's issues. There is so much more to say about this game, like that this game feels like Final Fantasy tactics all grown up, or that it is without a doubt the best Games Workshop video game to date. Anyway, as a novice commenter I hope this helps. If you like turn based strategy rpgs and dark fantasy, I cannot recommend this game enough. Kill-Stab the Man-Things!"
,Recommended,276810,19167762,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Redmcdevil,Outstanding gloomy atmosphere. Terror and death around every corner. A solid mechanics.minusesdoes not have anywishes for DLCMore customisations and warbands and missions and everything ...and pretty girls;)
,Recommended,276810,29958867,Posted: 16 February,all,Telparion,"Quite deep once you have learnt the rpoes+ create your own warband, invest your gold, upgrade them as you see fit+ challenging gameplay: still getting defeats at times+ super-lengthy campaign: 50+ hours with the one same warband and still at Act I!+ different story, point of view, voice-overs, objectives with each warband+ randomized missions and events+ skills and progression become deeply interesting once at 1500+ rating, with plenty of options+ varied warbands and races, varied builds with any warrior (once at 1500+)+ interesting in PVE as a single player super-campaign, and in PVP- before: long loading times (so get a SSD, load lightning fast and ignore that problem!)- skills and progression become deeply interesting only at 1500+ rating, because you may be very puzzled before (I mean that I was)- before you understand that, the game looks as if it would just ""play on its own"" and people may find it either too easy or too difficult in the beginning- developing your warband needs timeI disagree with the luck problem some people mention but that needs further explanation:To win you cannot just engage a 70 % chance-to-hit warrior vs a 50 % warrior.A defeat on such circumstances is quite acceptable.Sure victory is earned by ambushing, retreating, not using all your Strategic Points at once... something I learnt the hard way after a few mistakes. You need to have warriors you can easily use as buffer and others to support the victory, to compensate for the occasionnal stun, etc. Overall fights then often unfold with some difficult episodes but nice story and tactics.More review:You begin by picking a warband, and on that part you have a lot of choices.Some warband have bow or gun fighters and one (the Sisters of Battle) start as a full melee warband with more and more range options thanks to spells later on.You have access to plenty of classes but some will be unlocked further down.Overall your warband begins with 5 warband-specific character classes for your party and can upgrade that to 8 classes and more.In itself, that unlocks many variations in how you build a warband. These variations are deepened further by injuries and every character progression.After digging the game more I discovered that even if you pick a single, simple objective for a character progression (ie: le's just make him or her a super dodger) there are no less than 7 skills to pick and upgrade for that objective, meaning you would only learn half of them over time. That's for one objective.. .imagine then if you mix that up ;)About the classes you have:You have access to one leader class; leaders can usually be upgraded in one role among many possible ones.You recruit henchmen from usually 2 specific henchmen classes.You recruit heroes from 2 (then 4 once your warband gets better) specific hero classes.You cannot bring more than 2 heroes of the same class, so must bring some varietyLater on you will unlock your Impressive character class. Impressives are a good way to counter an enemy Impressive, but they take two hero slots, so it's either an Impressive or two heroes, which is a hard choice.Last but certainly not least you occasionnaly can even add other races/faction classes to your warband depending on which faction you favored.BattleEvery day you can commit your warband to a battle making your choice on the map.You bring 10 warriors to the battlefield with others left at camp.Objectives are random.Warriors play turn by turn with the highest initiative (ie best Agility etc) beginning the turn.Every warrior can move and attack:they have Offense Points (red) to lead attacks and Strategic Points (blue) to lead other actions.At the end of your turn you can activate a ""Stance"" that would affect the enemy during his own turn (needs at least two blue points), and your left-over Offense points can also be used to strike back with ""counter attacks"" (usually needs at least two red points) or to set up an Ambush action. To ambush the enemy, the best move is not to be in an open area to prevent him from seeing you and charging you, but to use houses and indoor obstacles.You would not understand how to best use the tools you have during your first battles.Overall the game can be played as a no-brainer in the beginning, it is just that you'll also commit  a number of mistakes.Mistakes in the game are OK: you can lose a leg, an eye, a warrior... or even many. It doesn't need much gold to replace them. Also, by playing you also upgrade your ""Veteran skills"" which are warband achievements that unlock powers you'll carry over with your next warbands/campaigns.A great game, it needed time for me to understand its great qualities!Currently there is no game with such character progression variation.A pity it takes so much time to understand the depth and quality of the skills provided in game.Note that PVP matches are long however."
,Recommended,276810,32755423,Posted: 24 June,all,Burntpinz,"As others have stated in reviews, this is a rough game to get started. You have zero rank men, no skills, a moderate amount of gold, and a mountain of a difficulty curve to climb. However, once you get things going and have the occasional raging, there will be a satisfaction that accompanies all the hardships you endure. There are some very good beginner’s guides on Steam that can give you an arsenal of tips and strategies which will make this easier to accomplish.If you are a gamer that is comfortable with hand holding and little challenge in their games, then best look elsewhere.For those that enjoy challenge and thinking tactically...Welcome to Mordheim."
76561198012237318,Recommended,276810,18255131,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Warbringer,"I never wrote any reviews but this game deserves one!It´s the best roundbased tactical game i´ve ever played and I played XCOM and some various games like Blood Bowl and Conquistador, Wakfu, etc..To stay short:- Better RP elements than most of some hightrated RPG´s. (Items, Progression, Wounds,etc.)- Complex but easy to learn. Chapeu to the developers to invent a game like this. I know it´s a tabletop adoption but hey  I never heared of any roundbased game, that doesn´t reduce the enviorment and your movement to square-fields or hex-fields. In Mordheim you can move free in 3rd Person but it´s roundbased!- Best tactical game i´ve ever played. If you like XCOM or any CQC based games on squadsize, you have to get it, even if the medieval warhammer fantasy setting isn´t yours.- I had bought it on march this year but started to play around one month ago. I played several alpha-status games and this is the first I do not feel betrayed. As far as I see, the developers do  what they are promissing and they do when they say.10/10"
76561198033316736,Recommended,276810,22440542,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Silver Samurai,"This is the most.underrated.game.ever and the best strategic RPG I've had the pleasure of indulging in for a very long time.You'll have heard it mentioned that the difficulty is brutal but it's in no way insurmountable:  my first warband, the Eshin Prowlers achieved the veteran task of a 9-match win streak before things took a turn for the worse.  They wuz jumped by a rival band of Skaven (sewer-scum!) and only their leader made it out intact.  Despite a profound sense of loss, there was nothing else for it but to commit them to the annals of lore and make a fresh start.Here's hoping my next warband at leasts makes it past the first act..."
76561197977603506,Not Recommended,276810,35191143,Posted: 24 September,all,Minquisitor,"Just played a game with a friend, we were enjoying it up until it desynched and we were both effectively playing two different games. My guy would miss on my screen, hit on his, his guy would be dead on my screen, alive on mine.Considering this is supposed to be the fully released game, this seems like a pretty major bug to leave in."
,Recommended,276810,28477055,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Schweetness101,"I played 20 hours in my first weekend with this game. So, it's safe to say that I'm enjoying myself.The turn-based combat is fun, challenging, balanced, and only iron-man style saved games. The artwork and world are warhammer of course, so no problems there. The rpg elements and the numbers behind them are all out in the open, and the options for customization and skills are varied, but not too overwhelming.Your soldiers can receive permanent injuries from being knocked out in combat, which comes with visual changes like scars, lost eyes, peg-legs, etc...The style of any given type of weapon is customized to not only the faction, but also the type of unit within the faction (e.g. 'helmet' not only looks different for, say, sisters of sigmar vs mercenaries, but also for hero champions vs henchmen warriors within mercenaries).There's some recycling of map assets, but there are enough different layouts, orientations, and starting points that you don't really mind, and the story missions add some interesting variety on top of the standard 'route the enemy while collecting wyrdstones'. Also, the reason you can't collect all of the wyrdstones after the battle is that a) you auto collect some and b) lore-wise your soldiers are withdrawing from a dangerous area after some of them were wounded, so they don't have time to scour the whole place (the more are alive after the battle, the more stones you get). Although, I will admit that it is an imperfect solution.I find that the UI in battle is pretty intuitive, and usable with only a few buttons, but i see that others have criticized it. to each his own i guess.Some cons:a little too much waiting for animations and two clicks where one should do. Also, sometimes I wish I could get one unit past another in a doorway, hallway or some other narrow space.Some of the 'impressive' units are kind of lame. I don't really like the artwork on the ogre, for instance.I'm not really sure what it is all building towards, and sometimes it seems like the story missions are too few and far between as compared with the normal missions.face textures can be pretty bad, especially the youngblood mercenary, who has a 'punchable' facetoo often i have like a 95% hit chance that misses twice in a row, what is that a 0.25% chance of happening?theres this animation of throwing both arms back and opening the mouth in a silent scream that happens with almost every action or stance change that feels like a placeholder that should have been replacedi wish i could move/deploy units from the overhead map modehard to tell topographic info from the overhead mapthe ai is fairly easy to beat once you figure them out, although i only choose the 'normal' difficulty missionshaven't found much of a good use for the warlocksome tedious, minute upgrading after each battle, and some skills and traits that seem worthlesssometimes RNG is annoying, but that goes with the territoryall of my guys are waiting on me getting enough money for their skill upgrades, which isn't going to happen. I have a dozen guys, each with a few skill points to spend by now, but it costs either 100 or 200 gp to buy each one, and after paying upkeep, medical, recruitment, and equipment costs, i can afford to buy like one skill for one warrior every wrydstone shipment request period (like every 10 game days, during which I'll probably do 5 missions, or like 3 hours of gameplay about)repetitive loading screen messagesA lot of these cons are the sort of number tweaking or minor adjustment type things that could be done in a single patch (e.g. fix RNG percent chances, drastically lower skills gold costs, speed up or get rid of some animations, write more loading screen quotes, make some better face textures, allow deployment from tactical map, etc...), and I'd like to hope that they will be fixed in an upcoming update, although I have no idea about that.The comparisons to XCOM are inevitable, and generally unfavorable to Mordheim judging by the other reviews, but for what it's worth I played XCOM 2 for a couple hours before getting a bit bored/frustrated and moving on (temporarily, I'll give it another try later), but I played 20 hours basically straight of Mordheim the first weekend I fired it up, so take from that what you will.This is one of those games that is flawed, but very fun and keeps me coming back, like mount and blade, rome total war, and men of war (i don't mean that it's like those mechanically, of course)"
76561198044373058,Recommended,276810,13035808,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cyrus,"This game could be decent. It's somewhat faithful to the tabletop game. The graphics are okay, not great. The camera is very, very clunky, and a lot of the action shots suffer because of it. It has a lot of potential, but it is by no means a finished product and will require a lot of polishing. Personally I hope it gets done well, because a lot of Games Workshop video games tend to look promishing in alpha/beta then end up as turds upon release."
76561198061767024,Recommended,276810,19172620,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,yeti-bear,"A truly immersive game that will get you attached to your warband quibbles and injuries included any and all commanders will get a true sence of responsibility for their troops not wanting to put them into a no win situation. good AI that will predict your move and will try to outwit or flank your warband.A must have game in my library that I look forward to playing more and more and more 10 / 10, (especially when dwarves are added).Good customisation options for warbands, variety of weapons and tactics, good range of skills. Unfortunately there are still some long loading screens but when taking into account the sheer amount of information, detail and variety between maps this is at worst expected and realistically insignificant and understandable."
76561198027244170,Recommended,276810,19466960,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,wrathpriest,"Loving it.Created a warbandArsed about a bit on first mission, collected no wyrdstone but won, lost a henchman to permadeathSecond mission, collected some wyrdstone, stole opposing team's idol, won, lost a henchman to permadeathSelected Brutal for Third mission, lost, suffered several injuries but didn't lose any henchmen!10/10. Would willingly lose more henchmen.Pros:-Nice gameplay, very similar to XCOM but without the researching.-Great atmosphere.-Great WHF artwork.-This is a good rendition of a tabletop game in computerised form.-This is not a ""nice"" game, you will lose the odd mission and you will lose people from your warband, only customise them once they've proved they can last multiple missions.Cons.-Bizarrely slow load times-There's a lot of RNGesus."
76561198022629743,Recommended,276810,23929999,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,General Practitioner,RNGsus's Light does not shine in Mordheim. 10/10 Would have an army of amputees again.
,Recommended,276810,18079716,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,IR0N,"I love Mordheim but this i'm not so sure.I was SUPER excited for this when I first heard of the computer re imagining!Eh but where to even start...  Well first thing the C64 tape deck like load times are slightly annoying but I can for the most part ignore this IF the game was worth playing in its current state.Looks and plays really neat once you are in game, the viewpoint when its the opponents turn is a little odd but not sure how this could be changed and sometimes I feel it is a little disorientating switching guys in 3rd person but only minor.Glad to see that ranged attacks have been tuned down as when I first played this at launch it was VERY strong.Not sure why the devs have gone with the obscene Health totals instead of models having a wound total? Changes things a lot as in the final tutorial mission the Plaguebearer has 350hp from memeory and my guys on a successful hit are only doing 20ish dmg? Makes no sense to me why life totals are so high and i'm sure this is how its staying at release. I would like to see a more faithful alternate system/mode so it is more like the TT version with dice rolls and normal wounds, somewhat like Bloodbowl having traditional mode and weird blitz mode that nobody plays.Only play single player if you love screaming at the screen and cursing RnG."
,Recommended,276810,14644033,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Jehannum,"Great game.Solid stategy gameplay, attentive devs, great source material and Skaven...Add in Witch Hunters and Beastmen (maybe an original Lizardman warband) and this would make my year.I watched a man-thing fall to his death from a 10ft wall,Will laugh again 10/10"
76561197996895589,Recommended,276810,25017534,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Smilodon,"Very much a positive surprise. While I knew I liked the concept (I was a big fan of Necromunda back in the days), a smattering of bad reviews seemed to indicate that there was little strategy involved, and it was all based on luck. I should have known better. Ofcourse there is randomness, but there are almost always options, and as in many of the best strategy games it is a matter of adapting to bad luck and equally important to be ready to exploit good fortune.However, if you cannot cope with permanent loss of virtual people and goods, this is probably not a game for you. For me though, the higher the stakes the more I enjoy the game."
76561197960522734,Recommended,276810,19169573,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Slighted,finding it highly entertaining since campeign was added. keep up the good work so far. the persistent injuries is cool  as well
76561198021437688,Recommended,276810,29652731,Posted: 2 February,all,Lamff,Replaced Incubation (classic squad based strategy game) as my all time favourite game. I love the genre and really don't get why people bemoan the AI and difficulty so much. I read one review talking about how the only tactic is hiding in shadows which is utter rubbish. My standard is just to front up with a few tanks (parry and dodge so i can allow for the annoying wars that cant be parried) and hit them hard from distance too. All whilst one of my quick moving guys runs round and grabs all the goodies. Take advantages of the flaws like climbing up to a surface with a ranged char and standing on the only way up and enjoy picking off the AI warband with your pea shooters.Brilliant game and now i can't wait for the fact they are due to release a necromunda game.ps is it just me or is it actually good to be punished for your mistakes rather than mollycoddled so much. I love berating myself when wrong and just enjoy relaxing with a nice glass of port watching a well thought out strategy play out the way you intended
76561198030787012,Recommended,276810,22444891,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Grand Hazzard,"Great game, wish I bought it sooner."
76561198142167073,Recommended,276810,19243211,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,richardjrappaport,"Highly recommended to fans of XCOM, Valkyria Chronicles, and/or loading screens."
76561198007564868,Not Recommended,276810,33320266,Posted: 6 July,all,KillerClown,"I should have listened to all those reviews warning me of the horrible RNG, but nooo, I had to go and give it a try...BE WARNED!...RNG will cause you (me) to through your PC out the window!"
76561198017552293,Recommended,276810,28605207,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LordsBreed,"First of all let me say that I am not familiar with the lore or Warhammer at all, really.With that knowledge I enjoyed the game but it has some very large issues which makes you want to uninstall it or smash it frequently. These include the random nature of it (95% chance to hit and I miss three times? Not DODGED, flat out missed). The bull♥♥♥♥♥♥actions the computer takes (I am in Ambush stance, the computer moves a guy perfectly along my threat area just enough to get behind me and hit my weak guy I was protecting with the ambush).Various other things like not being able to climb a ladder because one of your guys is too close to it, which I mean he is 5 meters away but I cannot takes within his aura. This includes looting, climbing, etc.I have put a lot of time into this game and about 40% of the time I hate and the other 60% I enjoy it.My absolute largest complaints are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""balance"" the game does. No matter the difficulty the computer always has a stat advantage just because it's the computer. Not to mention the computer matches your own loadout. I bring three heros? They bring three Heros. I bring a leader, an impression and nothing else, they do the same thing. Rather than code some thought process into it the game just copies you."
76561198052565427,Recommended,276810,19524279,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,King Sloth,"Fairly enjoyable adaptation of the classic Mrodheim table top game, though missing a lot of the core game content (mainly war bands and a lot of merchant items) I’m sure they probably already have plans to implement these as updates and dlc packs as they did with Blood Bowl. It does have notoriously long loading screens, poor game optimization and an insanely unforgiving difficulty but if you're a fan of either turn based strategies or cult classic table top games you'll like this a lot. Still a bit confused why they didn't go down the Necromunda route myself but a good call non the less."
,Recommended,276810,14335433,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,NimbleKnees,"It's a really amazing game, i remember playing the real thing as a kid they have really captured the feel of it :D"
,Recommended,276810,23641775,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tricky Dick's head,"Good pacing and character customization, RNG elements can be frustrating but I think it's part of the fun. Load times are fairly long but worth the wait."
76561198038978609,Recommended,276810,23264210,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,geistberg,I enjoyed the original table top game and was not disappointed with this version.
76561198006997690,Recommended,276810,15135148,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,carlilelance,Feels like a Games Workshop tabletop skirmish game. Definitely some potential here. Puts Warmachine Tactics to shame and it's not even finished.
76561198044103214,Not Recommended,276810,27751153,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ksgoldenbadger0,"The reason I would not recommend this game is because of the random number generator the game uses for the various tasks your characters perform.  I am not sure if others have had the problems I have, but at least for me, during each and every mission there would be streaks of terrible luck.  There would be six to seven tests in a row where the ""80%"" or higher chances would fail.  This was not an occasional thing, this was an every mission thing, and almost always took me from having the edge in a mission to either just succeeding or failing miserably.  I played dozens of missions, and these streaks would pop up in every single one.  In addition, though I always equipped my leader with the best parrying weapon and shield combo I could find, I did not make a single parry test the entire time I played, despite there being a ""50%"" or higher chance to block... and again, I will state that I played dozens of missions, each of which my leader would be hit multiple times while attempting to block.I do not mind difficult games, I enjoy a challenge, but this did not feel like a challenge.  This was me being (rightfully) punished for tiny mistakes I made, but then being screwed over by the random number generator when I was doing everything right.  I would make tactically sound decisions only to have them blow up in my face- not just occasionally, but EVERY. SINGLE. MISSION. I. PLAYED.  Again, I am not sure if others have this problem as well, but from my experience this game needs either a re-work of their random number generator or a more realistic statement of the odds on a given action."
76561198168800639,Recommended,276810,18266374,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheBlackToothRover,"Early Access Review - As a fellow Games Workshop employee, and Mordheim being my favourite GW game on record, I was a little nervous to try out this game, but I bought it, and it has been the best purchase I have made on Steam since Skyrim. The Game is exactly like the table top game was, rules are the same, warbands are the same, and the customization of your warbands is amazing!I can not wait for the developers to add more warbands to the mix, I would like to see Witch Hunters, and Beastmen!I can not say enough about this game, do you have what it takes to brave the City of Mordhiem? Not for the weak."
76561198069519409,Recommended,276810,24765352,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Antidas,"Pretty much everything I could ask for from a turn-based tactical RPG. If you liked Darkest Dungeon, XCOM or anything related to Warhammer you'll probably like this.The only complaints I have are related to the poorly designed interface, which may be good on console but is annoying on PC and the fact that the skaven warband is under the clan Eshin. Are you actually telling me that you couldn't do better than Eshin's rat ninjas? I mean, Pestilen would have been pretty balance. A DoT focused warband would have actually been interesting. You still have a hint of that, with the DLC hero(which, thank Sigmar, is clan Skryre), but it's just not the same as having a poison resistant warband, that melts the flesh off their foes."
76561198025191197,Recommended,276810,24777263,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,psudo,"This game is fairly unique in turn based squad strategies, as it is much closer to it's table top roots than it is to something like X-COM.If you're only familiar with video games this is going to make it very confusing. I suggest watching a battle report for any Warhammer game from a youtuber like MiniWarGaming to give you an idea of why things move like they do in the game.And to all the people complaining about having 80% hit chances miss repeatedly, have you not played X-COM?"
,Recommended,276810,13610054,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beanchilla,Not without it's flaws but this game is already ton of fun. Customizable bands of monsters duke it out with one of the more unique TBS systems I've seen. I never played the tabletop game but this feels like I'm moving minitaures around the way it's set up.Can't wait until there's more customization. RIght now that and a steady matchmaking system are all this game needs to make it great. Knowing they're adding all that and single player campaigns means this will be one to stay with for a long time to come.
,Recommended,276810,13031283,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,rokema,berry good
76561198005768777,Recommended,276810,18639847,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Archon,"UPDATED REVIEW:In spite of my initial review of the game being rather negative, especially with regard to the random number generator and other random aspects of the game, I have to say that the game kept me playing.  I've been playing the last couple of days, steadily working through a new campaign, and I am absolutely loving the game now.One thing that isn't very apparent when you start out is the fact that, in the early stages of the campaign, the game is brutal.  This is largely because your warriors don't have any skills, gear, or money to acquire new gear.  Similar to other campaign-oriented tactical games, like Darkest Dungeon, X-Com, Blood Bowl, etc., if you persevere with the ""darwinian"" nature of the early game--and simply understand that warriors will die--the game eventually 'opens up' as the warriors that do survive slowly acquire the skills and gear necessary to become even better.  As additional hero/warrior slots and types unlock, and the money starts flowing, things get better and better.The RNG can still be frustrating at times (most tactics games are like this), but as your warriors become more skilled and powerful, the chances for really bad streaks of 'bad luck' tend to be mitigated somewhat.  More than anything, with the right gear and/or stat increases, your warriors don't seem quite as fragile.At this point, if I could change anything about the game, I'd perhaps add a little more information to the in-game tutorial.  While it goes through the motions of showing you a handful of common things you can do, it doesn't really expalin why you would want to do said things.  For example, learning how to disengage from battles and drawing the enemy into ambushes is extremely important, especially in the early part of the campaign, when your warriors are weak and can't trade blows for very long without being knocked out of combat.  Keeping your warriors 'alive' is also vitally important, as rout tests are based on the morale/number of warriors you have on the field of battle.  Therefore, if you have a deeply wounded warrior, sometimes its best to run him back to your cart (or some other safe area), and just let him sit out the remainder of the battle (instead of being knocked out).The other thing that the tutorial doesn't really explain very well is the smuggler's den.  This part of the campaign game is extremely important, as it funds pretty much everything you do wtih your warband.  Without a fundamental understanding of how the smuggler's den works, you simply won't have the gold necessary to buy additional heroes/warriors, or pay for training, treatment, wages/pay, scouts, etc.All in all, I'm having  a lot of fun with the game now.  The initial hurdle of getting through the first few battles, and coming to grips with how each of the game's campaign systems work may have taken more than a few hours, but I have to say now that the game is really fun.ORIGINAL REVIEW:This game has a lot of potential, and I like a lot of what I am seeing--however, that said, I can't find myself recommending this game (yet) for one simple reason:  The hideously random nature of the game is just too ridiculous.Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not just saying this in a ""kneejerk"" kind of way.  I understand perception bias (that sense that you're ALWAYS getting bad dice/percentage rolls, when you really aren't), and I can appreciate the fact that the game is difficult (sometimes brutally so).  Having played many games in which the RNG is a major factor to your success, I am well aware that streaks of good and/or bad luck happen.   But the RNG is just the tip of the iceberg, and when combined with all of the other randam ""elements"" of the game, it just makes for an extremely frustrating experience.When you're not getting a string of bad rolls (say, five or six 75%-83% success failures in a row ... while the enemy team seems to never miss), you have to deal with unlucky positioning and/or creature spawns as you move your team around the map.  Because all movement is turn-oriented, and based on an initiative order, you're commited to your movements when you have no idea what's around the next corner.  In a general sense, this is fine, as it's all part of city-fighting.  But frustration sets in quickly when nearly every other mission spawns neutral creatures (like horrors, daemonettes, etc.) that utterly rip your team apart.  You make one unlucky move, and *bam* two of your warriors are dead.  You can't disengage.  You can't flee.  You're just dead.  And these aren't even ""Hard"" or ""Brutal"" missions--this is on ""Normal"".I played one mission where a daemonette murdered nearly the whole enemy team (they had two members left) as I strategically outlanked both the enemy team and the daemonette, while I raided their wagon.  Pretty cool.  But even with only two members left, the enemy team would not route.  And then the daemonette, apparently wanting to ""share the wealth"", ran all the way across the map to where the rest of my team was, and proceeded to murder one of my warriors.  After which, my team suddenly routed, even though I still had my leader and one more member than the enemy.  I instantly lost the mission.  While it was kind of 'interesting' and cool that I could ""play"" the daemonette to kill the enemy team, in the end, the totally ""artificial"" way in which the daemonette just ran across the map to murder my team and randomly cause a route was highly annoying.  Which leads me to my next issue:  routing.Routing seems completely random.  I can kill the enemy leader and half their team, and nothing happens.  But if my leader gats taken out, it's almost a certainty that my team will be instantly routed.  Route tests seem to happen without any kind of discernible indicator, too, besides some text.  One turn, everything is fine-and the next you simply lose.  LoL.  The concept behind being defeated by route testing is fine, but the implementation is poor and rather unsatisfying from a gaming perpective.  Which just about sums up the entire experience of this game.On its own, the RNG is fine.  In other games, like Blood Bowl, or Talisman, it's an integrated part of the gameplay--because you can either strategize around the randomness, or the game is simply driven by the randomness and centered more on making choices.  Mordheim is neither:  you can't strategize many outcomes because positioning, encountering and randomly spawed creatures of ridiculous strength ruin any ""game plan"" you might have; and at many times the combat does seem very driven by the randomness while not providing anything even resembling an interesting choice to make.  More often than not, you have to just sit there, selecting the same thing you've selected for the last three rounds, while you slowly watch your team get ripped apart by unlucky circumstances and dice rolls.I really want to like this game, but it just really seems to be missing something.  The only feeling I have while playing this game is one of intense frustration.  Which is really strange, because I absolutely love randomness and replayability in games.  Mordheim just doesn't have the right ""mix' or synergy yet between randomness and game mechanics, and it's for this reason that I simply cannot recommend this game at this time.  That is not to say, however, that, in the future, this game will not be good.  As of now, the game is still in early access and many of the balancing and/or frustrating aspects of the game may still be tweaked."
,Recommended,276810,18794621,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lt Bear Shark,Really good game... does make me rage though :).....A lot
76561198008429783,Recommended,276810,18801006,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Basilhare,"I typically play grand strategy titles but picked this up on a whim. I am glad I did. The game strikes a very good balance between challenge vs. playability, emersion, risk vs. reward, progression, etc.. I absolutely love the 3rd person point of view and feel of the game play. It gives you the illusion of playing out a mini adventure, each time you start a new mission. There are quite a few naysayers out there who exclaim that the game is too hard or unfair. This is a thinking man's game. You must plan out your actions carefully and execute. Do I risk splitting up to gather more reward or play it safe so that I have strength in numbers? If you like a challenging game that affords you the opportunity to imagine yourself as the leader of a small band of brothers (or rats, sisters, etc..) and enjoy advancement and progression, you will like this title. I am not crazy about the Warhammer universe, but the gameplay has me addicted...there is always one more thing I want to do before putting the game down...good mix of tactical play, overall strategy in mission deployment, warband management, etc..ProsImmersive Gameplay: You identify with your merry band of warriorsNail biting: Many missions will come right down to the wireChallenging Gameplay: Rewarding to those that want a challenge. Feeling of accomplishment. You earned your victory!Varied Maps and Mission set Ups: Every mission will be a bit different than the one before.Point of View: Refreshing 3rd person perspective that plays out before your eyes. It doesnt seem turned base...you are almost watching an action movie.Fog of War: What's in that house across the street? Should I risk going in and getting cornered? What about that treasure chest that's in there?Customization: Moderate character customization options. rename and tailor the look of your warband.Pick and Choose: though not really a sandbox game, you have some flexibility in picking the missions you want to play.Fun: I just enjoy playing the game. I cant put it down.ConsIron Man: No combat saves. For me, this adds to the game tension (risk vs. reward) so is not an negative, but the game is unforgiving. You will live with your mistakes (or die by them).Finesse Required: You must learn the tactics and how to play the game to get good at it. (Hint: Stay together!)Luck: There are some situations that amount to dumb luck (good and bad) that no amount of tactics will overcome. This hasn't occurred too often, but it does happen.Customization Options: what is available is good but wish there was more.Repetitive Missions: though I have not tired of the missions, they are similar in scope and style, save for the four story missions. Could become ""grindy"" for some.Review based on the solo campaign. I have not played the mulitplayer portion of the game."
76561197975464456,Recommended,276810,18762881,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Decoy,"While unpolished (and currently not entirely finished), Mordheim is a tense, thoroughly entertaining strategy game.If you like hardcore, turn-based strategy games, definitely give it some serious consideration."
76561198002403505,Recommended,276810,18962575,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bullrott,"Let me start by saying that I bought this game a week ago, and I now have over 35h played; says a lot!If you are looking for a punishing (hardcore) turn based strategy game with Warhammer setting & lore, chances are you might love this game!There is a small learning curve (however tutorials will greatly help if you take the time to go through them) and controls & mechanics may take a few hours to master, but once you do, the game really becomes fun & immersive!Basically you create a Warband, customize it (for each member you get to choose its weapons, armors, skill points / attributes, spells, etc...) and then fight skirmishes against the AI or players. Shall you emerge victorious from a mission, you'll accumulate xp & loot/gear; however if a soldier falls in battle, he may become permantly injured (suffer from stats reduction).If you take the time to get inot the game, you will get attached to your warband, curse at your monitor when your captain/hero takes a few big hits, and celebrate when you finally overcome the enemy and see him routing.For a long time I have been looking for a PC port of Warhammer tabletop games, and it's finally here!I started playing Mordheim in October 2015 (early release), and I can say that at this point the game is quite polished. Sure, there's is room for improvement, but overall the game is definetly enjoyable in its current state.I cannot wait for offical release, and am keeping my fingers crossed for the addition of new factions. Would definetly love to see some greenskins (orcs & goblins), elves (dark, wood, or high elves) and dwarves!While I acknowledge this game may not be for everyone (its a turn based strategy game), personally I must admit that I've been having a blast!Hoping to see you on the battlefield, and looking forward sending your warband to the hospital xDMy score: 9.5/10Bull"
76561197969613787,Recommended,276810,18970749,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,.aYton-,"A Brilliant Game, a lot of fun had so far and looking forward to the full game content being released. Would absolutely reccommend."
,Recommended,276810,18783927,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Chevalierdulait,"As of right now I've not sunk much time into this game.  I have to say however with the time I have put into it I've enjoyed it.  The developers are also VERY active, and in constant communication with their player base.  Excellent game, definitely worth the cost."
76561198002558761,Recommended,276810,22886219,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,conspiracycrow,"This is a wonderful tactical turn-based Warhammer game.I can't wait to see if any new races are announced, but what they have so far is fun.If you can run this, and enjoy warhammer tactical experiences, you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,276810,18887034,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Armanick,I NEED MOOAAARRR! All I need to say..
76561197962338553,Recommended,276810,18251710,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ash,"Awesome game !latest update is the deal clincher for alot of people, i would imagen! Progression with challenging battles and dire consequences! Sadly no stuntys yet but the treasure hunting remains none the less. Get this game if you havent got it allready. i for one cant wait to see what is next!"
,Recommended,276810,18366304,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,TooShortAK,"For Early Access the game handles very well, should be amazing once finished.Fans of Warhammer Fantasy Universe will like it, Strategy gamers will like it, people who like putting their personal touch on something, customizing, leading their own little group will like it.It's very engaging, I've currently played 50+ hrs, and I only started out of mild curiosity less then 90 hrs ago.  (I almost never play games before full release, so this is pretty exceptional)"
76561197995284230,Recommended,276810,21575948,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,HappyHamster,"I have very fond memories playing the original tabletop version of Mordheim, so I was a bit nervous when I first tried out this adaptation. However, after a bit of a learning curve, I can say that it holds very true to the original and is a blast to play.Let's be clear - this game is brutal. There is no, ""oops, I'll just reload a that save point"" here. But that is something I love about it - you have to live with what happens to your warband, and a a story develops to explain the various skills and ailments of your members. This is something very unique to this game."
76561197991657927,Recommended,276810,21617317,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MrMuse,"So what IS this game exactly? Well it is to Blackguards what the new XCOMs are to the old ones. So it's a 3D tbs. But it's designed to be pretty hardcore from the outset and this actually works because it stops you getting too strong too soon and retains an addictive quality where you just don't want to accept defeat. In this sense, then, it actually has more in common with Blackguards than any other game I can think of. The same moments of feeling absolutely robbed by the RNG and the same crazy difficulty spikes. I can understand why some have downvoted it for this reason because it can be very frustrating and it constantly autosaves so, much like a roguelike, there's no getting around failure with scum saves. I read a few reviews where people criticise the AI but, to be perfectly honest, the fact that you are outnumbered by superior forces 99% of the time means that if the AI were any better you would always be crushed. The warbands are just about different enough to be worth multiple replays and overall it's a very rewarding experience for those who can stick with it.*edit* As of the introduction of the latest DLC warband - The Undead, this game is now more well polished and well rounded than ever. After almost 170 hours of playing, this is, in my opinion, on the shortlist for one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,276810,19537942,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Yare,"My only complaint is that the success estimates for attack/dodge/parry are not accurate. I'm not harping on the random number generator -what I'm saying is that it's obvious the estimates do not take all modifiers for both parties into account.It's common in Mordheim to miss 5-6 times in a row with a 90% hit chance, or to get smacked 3-4 times in a row by an Impressive even though you're in dodge stance with 95% dodge rate. The odds of these bad runs happening should be one in a hundred, one in a thousand, or worse. But you will see one or two each skirmish at higher level play. It's quite frustrating.Other than that, the game is fantastic. Check out Valkyria Chronicles if you're looking for similar mechanics wrapped up in JRPG window dressing."
,Recommended,276810,18387961,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Big Ork Nobb,"I don't usually write review, but I find myself, multiple times a day, actually thinking ""wow, Mordheim is really good, I was not expecting that."" The devs update it constantly, and since patch 8 adding warband customization and campaing features the game has become an addiction for me."
76561197977295842,Not Recommended,276810,23973894,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,PsychoThruster,"Only pick this up on sale. I really enjoy the basic gameplay but am dissapointed by the severe lack of customization options, ugly character models, and poor animations. Considering the turn based nature and lack of action oriented gameplay it should be rather easy to create nice pre-canned animations, but instead they remind of an mmo decades past. Minimal effort put in. The animations for ranged attacks are the worst of the bunch because they don't pitch up or down. For the price they normally ask for this product and considering when this was released I expect much better.Edit: It is also worth mentioning that the graphics advertised are not what I have actually experienced despite system specs which can handle the game twice over and having all settings at maximum the game looks quite poor and more like a 2009 release. This may be due to the fact that I have AMD and apparently this game has trouble with AMD. So beware of that if you too have an AMD card. Highly frustrating not being able to enjoy the graphics.The DLC is a complete ripoff and incredibly lazy in it's implimentation. They could not even be bothered to create one faction specific unit for each faction so two of the four are shared between factions. The new Witch Hunters faction is incredibly ugly, their primary units are so despressing to look at, yet if they could be customized to a greater extent this could perhaps be forgiven, but it seems this newest faction has even fewer customization options than the others. Hope you like having anorexic, half naked, self-flagellation obsessed old men as the backbone of your fighting force! I get that it's cannon, but the execution is quite poor. It's the lack of variation in appearence and the fact that the vision the developers had far exceeds religious flagellation and takes a turn into chaos level self mutilation. It's overdone. Also there's no hounds... no ♥♥♥♥ing hounds.Edit: The dlc is even worse than I initially thought because any army of order can use the human dlc heroes and any army of destruction can use the skaven and chaos dlc heroes. The joy of a game like this is the asymetric balance, letting units move from one warband to another kills that and it really makes me never want to take part in pvp. So despite owning these special units I never use them because it cheapens the experience and breaks immersion. Why they could not develop one special unit for each warband and release it as one character pack is beyond me, but if many more units are added in this way you'll start seeing primarily mercenary warbands in pvp that have little connection to their actual warband. Already too many wolf priest builds going around as it is. Really really bad design choice on part of the developers. Asymetric balance is key in a game like this and every deviation from it will kill the experience a little more.The gameplay itself is pretty fun and does a decent job capturing the feel of a tabletop game for the most part. Unfortunately it's bogged down by a grind oriented campaign that has you doing the same thing over and over and over. There are a few different scenarios, but that merely changes how you deploy, not the objective which is to eliminate or route the opposing team. Story missions change it up a bit, but not enough to make it feel fresh. And while there is a pvp component that ought to be fun, it's just more of the same. It lacks the fun social element of a tabletop experience. Also playing the pvp mode that enables injuries and looting is a huge risk considering the intensive grind that goes into getting decent units, and the safe mode is without risk or reason to play, though you may learn a trick or two.I like the hardcore element, but leveling up is far too arduous. I think the most frustrating element is that you can rarely complete secondary objectives for their xp boost because the enemy team routes and essentially ends the round. Thus any unclaimed salvage, unclaimed loot, and unclaimed wyrdstone dissapears. Sure you get a few bones for a victory, but it's pitance in comparison. Furthermore this makes no sense. If they ran away, why not let me get everything? What's stopping me? Why make me game the system and spend three hours emptying a map only to realize that doing so is insane and a total bore. Fixing this issue alone might go a long way towards making the game feel less like a grind.The game needs some fresh ideas and a strong multiplayer component if it wants to have any real staying power, right now it's one of those titles you buy on sale, play for a week or two and then forget about. It's a real shame too because this game does have potential. The underlying mechanics are sound for the most part, but everything built off of them needs to be reconsidered.Bottom line: If you are interested in this title and enjoy turn based gameplay then snag it next time it drops below $20. However you'll most likely regret spending anything more than that."
,Recommended,276810,14364975,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Donny the Dealer,"It's just like how Mordheim was on the board. For an Early Access game it is  quite good, can't wait to get the store open and get training my warbands.Well Done guys, first thing Games Workshop has done good in a while"
,Recommended,276810,21454694,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Defiant Heretic,"A genius conversion of tabletop game Mordheim. What else to say. for GW outsider.... X-COM, man, with wyrdstone harvesting - if you love it, buy this without hesitation. It has it own set of rules but basically same turn based system with initiative, strategy, various classes and weapons. Technical point - it gets tweaks, patches, new content and so far has very reasonable DLC policy ... quite unseen nowadays.+ Great classic turn based RPG elements+ Narrating, story, misions for all four warbands+ Graphic and technical processing+ Steady learning curve, very unforgiving dificulty when you just start+ Mutation chaos events, injury and permament injuries system. Loosing an eye wil affect your hero both graphically and for stats and issues like hit rating. Quite like this! Crack their heads to force stupidity checks!+ Rout system+- RNG- AI is stupid, really. The high dificulty is just made plainly by higher stats, numbers, sheer advances of their weapons and armor. Still, it's still on ok level but if you got two brain cells, you will eventually beat it... guess this game makes sense more for multiplayer :)- No option to change dificulty. Prepare for hard ride especially in the beginning!- Tutorial is rather confusing, mix of level playing and just texts with pictures. Had to elaborate myself the veteran perk system issue ...- Unlimited enemy reinforcements in story misions. If you loose some precious turns, you will get swarmed (especially if your party is not proper prepared)9/10I claim to be affected by my love to warhammer world so deduct at least two point if you are not :)"
76561198045197610,Recommended,276810,22863958,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ClickiVids,"This game is really fun, and extremely enjoyable. However, expect to get frustrated and absolutely hate this game at times. That said, you might find yourself lucky and absolutely adore this game. The reason why I wrote the love/hate mix is because although this game is a lot of fun, at the start you'll struggle. Then again maybe you won't. You'll experience bugs from time to time, some minor, others major. For example, there's no timer at the moment, or at least there's no timer that I'm aware of. So if the enemy bugs during their phase, you'll find yourself stuck in the game ""waiting for your opponent"" and you'll be stuck waiting for the B'stard forever untill you decide to leave. Now, you can't leave without taking punishment as if you lost. This happened to me, one of my Warband *party* died, and the other lost his arm (he was my archer!). So because of this bug, a bug which I experienced when I had only just started a game, two of my warband were seriously hurt/killed. Bummer I know.I haven't had any problems with bugs for a while now, but I'm sure they're waiting for me. I'm also finding the right pace to play at for me. When I first started playing I died a lot, I'd make and break warbands because the game frustrated me. But then I started to think more, plan more. I haven't lost in a while now, sure a few lost hands and broken feet but you can't expect to come out of each game without a scratch.This game was hard, is hard, but I'm slowly getting better, stronger, and I'm having much more fun. You might follow this pattern, you might not.9/10 I would tell my friends to buy this game, but I wouldn't tell that one friend (we all know one) who would tear out his computer and throw it out of a window. Be patient and you will enjoy this game!"
76561197993474708,Recommended,276810,24745958,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Donnerjack,"This is not an easy game. Not a casual game. If you thought the likes of Xenonauts or other micro-management games caused you anxiety and a sense of overwhelmedness, this just ups the quotient.There is no hand-holding in this game. In fact, the tutorials are just as likely to end with you defeated as with a victory. Which is a good thing. It confirms to you just how unforgiving it will be when you actually engage the gameplay. Everything you do is tracked from the word go - the only semi-casual element would be the skirmish mode where you can play free of consequence to your warband. Otherwise, all actions and consequences follow you from the git-go.This is a tough game to recommend. Am I happy to play it? yes. does it feel fun? yes. was it easy to crack the ice that surrounds it like a diamond shell? no. But get that crack and it begins to spread and reveal the gem I hope to continue to find it to be.And while I know this dates me as the less-than-young man I am, a game like this truly makes me pine for the days of game manuals that were hundreds of pages long. A nice heavy book to occupy your mind and time AWAY from the screen and equip you with the tools and skills you will most benefit from when you set to playing.  Just an observation, but I do miss those days.A few more missions in and I must say this is just incredible. The damage/reward system is very crucial to optimizing your experience. upgrading is not easy to come by, but so very pivotal when you have the chance. And the RPG elements of equipment management also lend a very fine touch of color to this fantastic tactical strategy gem.  major thumbs up"
76561198005796162,Recommended,276810,33433604,Posted: 10 July,all,Amokat,"Mordheim is how tactics games should be.Let's be honest and up front here: this game has a few issues. The load times tend to be long, and the RNG and AI combo can be punishing for your characters and your sanity. However, I don't think these problems eclipse the fact that Mordheim is FUN. The different warbands are cool and diverse in playstyle, and loyal to the originial Warhammer universe. The balancing act of in-mission decisions and of managing your warband between missions provides a nice tactical counterpoint - cost/benefit analysis is important at all stages. The pacing of missions allows you to make the measured decisions and careful considerations that a tactics game should require, and the different objectives and conditions throw curveballs left and right; that's how it should be, in my view. If you like a game to challenge you, you got it.Mordheim is HARD, very hard, and combining high difficulty with a single autosave file means decisions (and mistakes) have permanent consequences. It can be discouraging - but if you like games that make you work for it, this is a winner. The payoff for time invested is a very real sense of accomplishment."
76561198011066371,Recommended,276810,18981388,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,HQDave,"Love this game, It had a learning curve at the start where I was getting hammered in every battle but now I have played it for a while I am loving every minute."
76561198041628120,Recommended,276810,18250183,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Abutaan,More and more features are kicking in to EA. Loving this game!
76561197961946572,Recommended,276810,18243736,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,c.K,"Wow, just wow.Since the last update this games feels incredibly good, i'm hooked!If you like strategy games with a challenge then get this game, and if you like the Warhammer world and games, grab it!The world is dark and gritty, filled with demonic ooze and skavens around the corner, start your Warband and grab those Wyrmstones or you will die poor and alone.You really get a feel for your warband after they come back with a few scars, head injuries, and even some limbs lost, you give them the gear they need and medical aid and send them right back in!Can't wait until they update the game even more for the release, and hoping they add some more warbands!"
76561198027379471,Recommended,276810,13029636,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Wiseman,"I did the first skirmish and the feel was exactly like the tabletop game, great environment and excellent game pace.DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!!MUHAHAHA my skaven warband will at last expand its collection of warpstone.....*mutters exitedly by himself*"
76561198052269828,Recommended,276810,13030990,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Bruce Balfour,"So far so good! Still some issues to iron out, but the developers are really responsive to suggestions in the forums and seem pretty committed to producing a great final game.After the 3 hours I have played on it I feel like it is a game I will be playing for quite some time :)"
76561198000203608,Recommended,276810,18886777,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Bones,"Being a fan of Warhammer for year, this looked like an interesting puchase.  I read up abit about it, and discovered that the game was a turn based stratagie game, which is right up my alley.  So I ended up purchasing it.  One of the best purchases I have made in years.  The gameplay is great, customization is fantastic, graphics are great and really gives you a feel for the Warhammer Universe with real injuries that can be permenant and a fantasic plethora of skills and spells.Don't get me wrong, the game is not perfect but the devs are really listening to the players.  I look forward to the final release and eventual DLC for new warbands.  Hope everyone finds this review insightful and gives the game a try.  I highly reccomend it."
76561198007852614,Recommended,276810,18983708,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,panzer69,"Wow now this is a great game, first time playing since a few months ago. amzing game the the warband progression and all. Now the is mordheim. Great job guys, keep it coming, more waband please."
76561198018646433,Recommended,276810,18900712,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Chefkush,"Great game, very enjoyable."
,Recommended,276810,18950415,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Orifiael,"In one of the earliest version I wrote a rather negative review and I deleted it.This is the kind of game where you spend a lot of time polishing your warband, you name them, you give them a biography, you make them as you want them to be, and then, days later, maybe weeks, you make one mistake, and you loose one, and it actually makes you feel really bad, and you can't undo it. So you make a lookalike, someone you call his son... and it's never the same. that void, it always remains.The game is emitting so much love from the dev. team. It's not a rushed commercial project, every detail cries out pure love for their game. And the gameplay proves it, it's awesome to play.I highly recommend you give it a go, it's worth every penny and more."
76561198067189007,Recommended,276810,19425414,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Tupinamba,"The game is awesome! I´ve played some 20h until now and am loving it. Very tough, but very doable if you play with caution and proper tactics. Still progressing with my first warband and only one dead so far.I have some minor complains, especially the camera and movement control. And some UI stuff could be clearer/faster to use, but the core elements of the game are excellent. And not only for Warhammer/Mordheim fans, although the game captures the atmosphere of the setting brillantly.Recommended!"
76561198002681502,Recommended,276810,19408999,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,darren,"This game is difficult, make no mistake. It will not hold your hand, your men/women will die, lose arms, eyes etc. You cannot save and go back to make these injuries disappear, but I like this sort of challenge myself. The only thing, that lets the game down a bit, and hopefully will be added shortly, are more warbands. There are 4 to chose from at the moment, but I would not hesitate in buying more from future dlcLoving it ;-)"
76561197998382853,Recommended,276810,19176019,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Axios,A solid rpg/turn based strategy game. Hits the dark gothic theme right on the mark.
,Recommended,276810,18195228,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Showtaro,"This game is looking pretty good in its current state, I love the campaign missions, customizations and new items, and I really hope they keep releasing updates like the ""phase 6"" update.If you were thinking about supporting and buying this game, now is a good time, because this update brought campaign missions, also the skirmish mode is more functional.When this game is fully released it will be a blast for strategy players and warhammer fantasy fans alike.Keep up the good work, Mordheim team."
,Recommended,276810,24980897,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,bydlaq,Wohoooo no save scuming.That plus insanely hard tactical gameplay with tons of stats and perks that makes casual gamers head spin around makes an amazing game.Sure rng can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ but it's nothing what you can't overcome with good strategy and character builds.
76561197987674973,Not Recommended,276810,31842422,Posted: 19 May,all,Boomstick,"Nice and challenging game, untill you realise the DLC groups are OP and even if you own none of them you will still run into them in the normal game. This really makes some missions almost autofail, and you can never see which faction you are up aginst beforehand.This makes me miss the option of a difficult setting, or just the option of not running into the 2 dlc warbands.It feels like real Mordheim,(Maybe a bit to much) and I hope they fix this issue so i can enjoy this game some more."
,Recommended,276810,13023387,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DillyC,A good translation from table top to pc. Looking forward to the new features when they are added. A lack of map is frustrating but so far a great start.
,Recommended,276810,13023980,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[VexX] Blackjack,loving the game so far. they got the feel for the game. cant wait for thoes updates. if you played mordheim and a warhammer fan its worth a try and support the devs to make this game better
76561198008001480,Recommended,276810,13067744,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jadman,"I have been a blood bowl player for a couple years now and have always been into tabletop miniature games. I would highly recommend this game. As it is still in early release, dont expect too much at this point, but once you see the potential of this game, you will hunger for more. I just hope that one of the races released will be Undead, but as with any game, all the races are sure to have thier own stregnths and weaknesses. Well worth the investment and the savings you get by ordering it pre-release."
76561197986670728,Recommended,276810,33745412,Posted: 23 July,all,HoveringBeef,"Took me about 80 hours to beat the Witch-Hunters campaign, no idea if that's average, but I do like to rampage.The game is hard but mostly forgiving, in my playtime I think I've only had 5 or 6 warriors die, though one was my highest ranked leader when I had to abort a campaign mission due to being trapped by a bug.I've fired a couple of cripples who had head injuries too, had 2 priests get insta-smited by the 9999dmg backfire (both survived with no injuries) and seen it happen to the AI once.It's a tough game but if you stick with it, it does get better. The campaign missions can be a lot of back and forth to complete objectives, enemy impressives seem to have pathing issues (rat ogre and the chaos thing are too large to move easily), and I've seen a fair few enemies stay up on a ledge going into ambush stance every turn instead of trying to walk a short distance to join the fight. AI also won't sacrifice a unit to block a path or tie enemies up, so I'd say you always have the advantage (as long as you keep line of sight for your ranged units)I have a Templar with I think around 106% parry chance, so he was total cheese when he's fighting 3 or 4 enemies at once, evading or parrying everything, immune to fear/terror/all alone tests and slowly grinding them down while the rest of my team swarms the enemy. Except Chaos mutants, who wear bracers that prevent parrying, but there's a lot of little things you learn as you play that make it easier (like spells or ranged attacks that cause a bleed type effect).Optional objectives can be a chore, but then they're optional, and for the reward (3xp and 3 random loot items) usually not worth the risk.Definitely a game that rewards planning over aggression, it's pretty slow but at least you can ""speed up AI turn"" in the options. I played about 7 hours originally and then didn't touch it for a year, so I guess they patched that in."
76561198040614920,Recommended,276810,22445589,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,*****,"This is a great conversion of the tabletop game - not exactly the same, but it captures the look and feel of Mordheim incredibly well.  The battles are intense and deadly, the environment hostile (sometimes frustratingly hostile - forget that at your peril - perfect for Mordheim).  The warband customisation is very satisfying - you can easily spend as long tweaking your warband as you spend fighting battles (just like the tabletop game).If you know and love the tabletop game you should love this game too.  If you do not know the tabletop game, it is good enough to stand on its own merits.While the game feels complete, there is plenty of scope for the addition of other warbands and individual heroes - bring on the Undead and especially the Witch Hunters!"
76561197969208896,Recommended,276810,22423909,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Coyote,I'm rewriting the review. Performance issues rectified once I forced the game to use the dedicated graphics card.Thus far seems solid. Will update review as I go.
76561197992559977,Recommended,276810,29907292,Posted: 13 February,all,dka721,"This game has been a blast, a lot of fun to be had although sometimes the ai mechanics can be a bit frustrating.  Good multiplayer and lots of replayability plus the game is a challenge and doesn't just sppon feed you rewards.  Definetly reconmend this game."
76561198009931447,Recommended,276810,29841369,Posted: 10 February,all,Eld,This is what happens when Xcom and Darkest Dungeon have a love child.
,Recommended,276810,22891157,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Alteredmindset,"This is a hard game, it can be fun. This game is more designed for people that have played the table top version. I do like the dark atmosphere, I just don't care for it being so difficult, yet I am hooked and keep playing, it has a steep learning curve and is not a D&D clone. Maybe some better tutorials would help. I can't say this game is for everyone, But I am so glad I got it!"
76561197963144426,Recommended,276810,20101782,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[nFb]reign99,"This game certainly won't be for everyone, that much I can say.It's difficult and unforgiving.  You will get frustrated.  You will also get excited, scared, anxious...it's the type of game that causes tension because you know a mistake, or just some bad luck, could erase one of your party members permanently.You know, that guy you're real proud of that's been kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names?  Yeah he's dead now.  Or maybe he just lost an eye if you're lucky and his stats are crippled in some way.You never really feel safe in this game.  Every time you venture out, even to missions you feel ""good"" about, bad things could happen if you don't pay attention.  If you get impatient, push a little to far, or if you just have a run of bad luck.But that's what makes the game great, because everytime you go out and come back alive you feel like you've achieved something.  Even the ""junk"" weapons you bring back are, at least for me in early game, a boon.Truth be told, I still haven't even completed the first story mission.  I have a warband (party) put together that I've been playing with for a good five hours, and I'm not 100% sure what to expect...so starting that mission might be pushing the reset button.  Or it might be glorious.Guess I'll go find out."
76561198093658783,Recommended,276810,24221236,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,magneto526,"Excellent game. I'm not gonna lie there are dozens of ways this game can make you miserable, but it all falls in line with the Warhammer lore. This game is not for the casual gamer nor for anyone who is just starting out in strategy games. Also try not to get attatched to any of your warband as any mission could see them become a multiple amputee or worse."
,Recommended,276810,14330308,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Apop,"Love the concept. Dark and Dirty the city of Mordheim rules, surprises around every corner. The adaptation of the gamepad with 3rd person camera is a huge boon to the feel of intimacy. There is a button to view the map with markers for enemies and items in sight, but I wouldn't use it, spoils the combat. :) Still in early stages but shows great promise and progress so far."
76561197977694071,Recommended,276810,20620169,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,JackBlackSheep,"I love this game, its hard, you are forced to stick with the consequences of your actions and the voice acting is wonderful.On the negative side it needs to be mod friendly (the community would go nuts making the game better), it needs more in game voice acting and better animations.I would give it a 8/10, great game, some room for improvment."
76561197998718279,Recommended,276810,34029231,Posted: 4 August,all,l33tspock,"+Good premice+awesome gameplay-poor AI? RNG  (the game doens't display dodge and parry chance in to hit calculations, I observe this may be what is throwing many reviewers off about RNG being unfair?If they fixed the AI, this game would be 9/10"
76561197991769549,Recommended,276810,19213143,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Winnerschnitzel,"Quite a nice tackle on one of the gems of the pre MMORPG offline gaming epicness.What I expected: A somewhat DoW2 influenced brawling game looslely tied together by the mordheim theme.What´s actually in the game: A careful adaption of the tabletop game. The one thing that I imagined beeing a flaw in gameplay was the Action point system, since I´m quite a diehard fan of the tabletop I feared that it wont ""feel""like mordheim. Boy was I wrong :DShort explaination: Your fighters can use their AP to move arround, reclaim AP´s by simply going back the path you used. So you are able position them tactically and set up traps, find nice sniping spots... But be careful of the chaotic infestations on the ground, walls and in corners, they will interrupt your movement if a charater gets too close and set´s it off. This will end a movement substep, and a char cant reclaim the AP´s he used till he hit the trap.The experince system is a bit different, as well as the attributes. It´s heavily influenced by the Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay system and it works really great!The procedural map generator is really cool, and the campaign special scneraios bring a lot of flavour with them, and you´re able to field the dramatis personae of your warband to the skirmish.resumé - If you like turn based tactical games you really should consinder the game, even if you haven´t got a tabletop background. If you like the Warhammer Universe and especially the Mordheim theme, it´s almost a must buy."
76561197977792013,Recommended,276810,19167105,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,griimble,"If you have been one of the cooler kids during the 90s (like me ofc, duh!), who didn't have many nerdy and artistic talented friends to play the original Mordheim, then this is for you! A great and pretty faithful adaption of the original tabletop classic."
,Recommended,276810,20507806,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Yvraine,"Had an Acher, he lost an arm so i fired him. got an acheivement."
76561198037112768,Recommended,276810,29510387,Posted: 26 January,all,Nicodemus13,"Tough game, but also a ton of fun.  I recommend it to any who enjoy a good tactical RPG."
,Recommended,276810,14339280,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CTi flauxhawk,"Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based, squad-level tactical game set in the devastated city of Mordheim. You begin by choosing a warband - the current choices include four different warbands with (what is currently) a basic variety of units, spells, and abilities. You manage what units from your warband you will take into combat within Mordheim. Some are more capable than others overall (heroes) and their inherent unit statistics vary leading to variety in capability - in other words, units with higher agility have higher dodge and hit chances, higher toughness means shrugging off damage, intelligence affects spell-casting, so on. The unit statistics can be viewed from your warband management screen, along with equipped weapons, armor, abilities. Currently you can only change armor and weapons (from some basic choices with differences in combat effects) and swap out your warband units. The plan is for your units to gain experience as the game's development progresses, thus making your units more powerful (and mitigating some of the RNG effects). Most units can currently carry two sets of weapons for tactical variety. Weapons such as swords allow the user to parry while halberds hit hard but suffer an accuracy penalty. Some weapons apply debuffs when they hit enemies (poison blades, warplock pistols, etc.) that can stack and ruin someone's day.Each unit has two types of points - blue points for movement actions and red points for offensive actions. Blue points allow your units to move, climb walls, jump down ledges, reload ranged weapons, flee from opponents, swap weapon sets etc. Red points allow you to attack, cast spells, etc. Some actions require combinations of both (for example, safely disengaging from an enemy without provoking an attack of opportunity requires the use of both types of points, or taking full aim with a ranged weapon).The turn order for units is displayed at the top of the screen but since units of the same type utilize the same icon the information provided isn't as useful as expected. Turn order is determined through initiative based on unit statistics. You can also zoom out from a unit by pressing the LALT key, giving you an overview of where your units are currently stationed, any visible enemy units and previous known locations of currently out-of-sight enemies (marked with a ?). This is extremely useful as Mordheim's devastated and maze-like city streets can be difficult to navigate otherwise.Action success is percent-based, so you can clearly see your chances prior to performing any action. This is of course where RNG effects can be extremely frustrating, but again, once experience gains are implemented stronger units should help mitigate this. Like a lot of turn-based tactical games with these mechanics risk management is an extremely important aspect of the battlefield.There are lootable points on the battlefield and dead enemy soldiers will sometimes drop 'special' weapons (in other words weapons with different statistics, or essentially 'magic' weapons). You can't permanently keep them in your inventory at present but in the future this should impart a sense of unit progression and reward the player for succesfully defeating opponents.Graphically the game is well-done - on the highest settings the game is crisp, runs smoothly and has nice effects. The music is suitably dark considering the setting and lends an appropriate 'doomed' quality to the atmosphere. Those who don't enjoy the Warhammer universe's grimdark grimdarkness might have to overlook these items to enjoy the gameplay.There's quite a bit more to be done in Mordheim. I personally am looking forward to unit progression and the loot system. As it stands the game provides you with one-off skirmishes between warbands to give you a taste of the game's combat and gameplay.If you love games such as X-COM, Xenonauts, UFO: Afterseries, or essentially any squad-level turn-based game you'll definitely enjoy this. Keep an eye on it - if they don't fug it up this could be great."
,Recommended,276810,19246421,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,CaptainCrazy,"Bought this game as a pre release the game needed lots of work that was a year ago. Since those guys turned it around, the game is great, love the hardcore perma death perma injuries system, great rpg stff. There are a few flaws some mechanics could be polished. Download times are abit long but worth the wait. All in all this game is great for people who like the original board game or people who like turn base skirmischs. Good GAME."
76561198004297199,Recommended,276810,22837092,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,BiaNeroV Corbulo,Nice game but very hard.
76561198127782530,Recommended,276810,29653570,Posted: 2 February,all,M869420,"Bought it because it´s warhammer, rage quit because it´s rock hard, started playing again because I have no self respect.+ good customisation(You really like your guys)- they will all die because the AI cheats like hell10/10 self flagellations"
76561197994674609,Recommended,276810,25616814,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Herald_UK,"Mordheim is pretty impressive I have to say. A wonderful turn based strategy game, where you build up a warband of adventurers. Taking to the streets of this doomed city in pursuit of the ultimate treasure; Wyrdstones. A mystical magical element that is somewhat of a byproduct from a cataclysmic event. A bit like Aspertame being pooped from E.coli. That sort of thing.As a paper and pencil RPGer (in my youth) and having to deal with stats upon stats. This is a veritable wet dream of numbers and calculations. All required just to make sure you don't trip up over your boot laces while swinging heavy chunks of sharpened (or just blatantly heavy), metal around. Usually in the direction of something nasty. And there are plenty of bad guys to go around. Though this is a Warhammer based game, so who is good and who is bad is usually down to how many different shades of grey you are willing to tolerate. Each of the four factions (plus some more available as DLC), have their own agendas and each will be pitted against you one at a time as you rummage through the ruined city, seeking your fortune and glory.But beware, Mordheim is not an easy game. It is no doubt as harsh as it's tabletop counterpart and just as unforgiving. I  started my first campaign with the Sisters of Sigmar. A sect of violent battle NUNS with big hammers and even bigger thighs. And by the end of the second mission, three out of my five starting units had been hospitalised. My Hero unit had been laid up with internal bleeding. Then I had one lesser unit down with a shattered jaw. Good thing she wasn't a magic user, as she won't be uttering any incantations any time soon, if ever. And finally one poor lass got her leg chopped off and is now hobbling around with a broomstick shoved where only an orthopaedic surgeon would dare to go. And that was just the first TWO days (gametime), of their campaign. However, a few hours of gametime later. My nearly dead one-legged zealot (Oussia""Peggy""Praseck), has grown to be become one of my strongest units. And can dodge around on her up ended broomstick, faster than any other unit in the field. Like some sort of crazed holy paralympic ninja.... With a hammer !I didn't hold out much hope for a successful outcome during the first few hours. It all seemed so hopeless and against all the odds, yet I had a total blast with it. and stuck with it.  The strategy elements are functional enough and it's about as near to any tabletop simulation that as you can get. And although excessively tough on beginners. Once you have some gear and more warriors to field. The more smoothed out and even, the gameplay structure becomes.The background simulation is completely RNG based and as a result you have to prepare yourself for a beating. Though to be fair, the game does warn you regularly that it's more about how you cope with one atrocious situation after another. As opposed to being a total wargod and beating everything, all the time. Winning is a luxury and Mordheim reminds you of this constantly. With the high price of blood, sweat and tears that it takes, just to get the smallest of victories. However, if you are patient, keep your squad together and play smart. There is quite a bit that you can do to lessen the impact of injuries and fatalities. Neither of which are an absolute certainty, should any of your team come a cropper and be knocked out of the game. You can get lucky and have some just walk away from the ordeal with minor cuts and bruises. Again, this will be randomly decided at the end of the match. And is something you will be hoping for, considering the alternatives (Broken bones, severed limbs, amnesia or even permanent brain damage etc..). Which will result in that particular unit being forever handicapped in some way. Sometimes to the point of being rendered completely useless. But it's OK. Should this happen, you can always fire your crippled units as any decent humanitarian commander would.It could do with a little more ""oomph"" in the graphics department (Though I did come to this straight from playing DOOM. Which as you may or may not know, is glorious to look at. Even if the game itself is a bit rubbish). So Mordheim may appear to lack a bit of polish on that front, but it looks well enough and does feature some well designed characters / monsters. Other than that, it's just a really good game. With stacks of options and an excellent selection of customisation for each individual unit. If turn based strategy is your thing. And you want a challenging TBRPG that would give even The Darkest Dungeon a run for its money in toughness. You won't go far wrong with this one.Brilliant 8/10"
76561198033573536,Recommended,276810,19725813,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,lyonesse2,"If you're looking for a rather nicely done tabletop adaption, Mordheim may be the game for you. It's old school and it's difficulty/steep learning curve isn't necessarily suited for everyone.Mordheim is a game not without issues, mostly the AI pathing and the RNG, but when you look past that, the game is very compelling and fun to play.If you're into Warhammer and looking for an old school game experience, get it now."
,Not Recommended,276810,20928874,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,falloutbos34,"I tried to like this game I just can't1. Mercs have no spellcasters until higher level and comes into play with weak spells.  by the time you get him tha spell that gives people in an area a -5% to hit, dodge and parry will help very little.2. Skaven are the best in balance with a good dodge that can help you early in the game and Chaos and the sisters have spells that can help you in the game throughout combat.3. Sisters are overpowered to the point where if I'm randomly scattered and I am against them I abort as soon as I can.4. Potions are pathetic and virtually unusable in most cases.  A 10% increace in armor protection will not outweigh the 100% loss of stun resistance, especially when you have a skill that can give you a good chance to stun early on.5.  Armor is supposed to help absorb damage, not make you a punching bag to the point where you hesitate to put armor on a charachter and just risk it with a weapon and shield.6.  Setting abushes against the NPC's just have them immediately stand off and go into ambush mode themselves at least for a couple of turns.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198077623139,Not Recommended,276810,25451959,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Null,"I bought this game expecting an experience similar to the tabletop classic, but his game simply doesn't match up.First of all, the ""permanent injury"" system makes any prolonged campaign pointless as all your characters will be crippled to the point of being useless in a fight. Despite the plentiful access to magic, there is apparently no way to fix these ailments.If you're playing Solo, be aware that the AI is far from being usable. Most of the time, its entire strategy consists of running towards you until it dies.Multiplayer mode is infested with cheaters, since the devs can't be bothered to implement a working anti-cheat system. If you're planning to play PvP, don't even bother buying this game.All in all the game looks nice at the first glance but it's completely broken.Instead of fixing any of the dozens of bugs, the developers just push out one DLC after another."
76561198021921275,Recommended,276810,19816446,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mchammadad,"As a avid player of the tabletop mordheim and a player of Games workshops other games (Warhammer, W40k ect.) I find this game is a true homage to one of it's first true tabletop experiences, without (Well mostly) the obsessive power creeping that has come from it's latest instalments of tabletop gamesSettingMordheim, as the name is stated, is played in the once great imperial city which is now just empty corridors and frigtening manisfestations of chaotic energy. And Mordheim the video game doesn't dissapoint. The city itself is well presented and offers the true tabletop experience, baring a few things that tabletop players are farmiliar with such as a birds eye view of the battlefield and no fog of War.In a way this makes the game feel more like a discovering city fight than the all omnipotence view we as tabletop players come to expect, that is there are no way of knowing where your oponent is unless you take the energy to find them. I was genuenly surprised when my character walked out of a door to suddenly come face to face with a Rat Ogre. Boy did that make me a bit paranoid for open doorways and back alleys.Overall The setting is what you would expect from this game, it hits the spot with not only a pinpoint nail, but also the flying hammer behind it.GameplayLet it be known that the games i enjoy all have one thing in common, and that is not how pretty or how vibrant the world is, I am not a gamer who thinks of such trivial things so zealosly. Instead i find that the games i enjoy all have mechanics that are both easy to pick up and hard to master.Mordheim is no different, it's mechanics very farmiliar to my knowledge of the tabletop game, with a few good exceptions. The Combat sequences do feel like they have that tabletop feel to them (Such as the no guarantee of doing a stance such as dodge or Parry), this is a good thing. It shows that the developers reseached their source material well.However I did notice other things in game which vary way differently than their tabletop Counterpart. These features were noticeably different and feel more on the side of a computer game than a tabletop. And result in things that are rather alienating compared to it's tabletop counterpart (Which is a suggestion of you shouldn't believe everything that is being portraiyed in this game as it's tabletop counterpart) other than the few things that felt like they didn't feel right I had no quams with the system as it was hitting pretty close to homeExtra FeaturesMordheim doesn't really feel like mordheim until you add the one core component from it's tabletop edition into the game, if it didn't have this it would just feel like a city fight of Warhammer Fantasy, and i would say as a person who has playedc both, they are SOO not the sameInstead the introduction of the persistant warbands and the campaign system trully make this a very well made recreation of the tabletop game and make every fight and every warband that much more investing to the player. It's not a simple matter of making a dream warband and proceeding to curb stomp every opponent out there but rather seeing your characters become the warriors they are from every bloody battle you encounter. You as a player pour your time and effort to make your characters an extension of yourself, which makes it all the more harder when those same characters lose vital parts of themselves or even perish from your roster permanently.Mordheim the tabletop game was unforgiving to it's players and made them that much more invested in the survival or their warband, Mordheim the PC game delivers the same hit, time after time.VerdictOverall, I feel  that this game is truly a great extension of it's tabletop counterpart and it makes due of it's promise to give you that genuine tabletop experience. If you are a veteran of the tabletop game i would highly invest in this. For those who haven't played a tabletop game i would suggest you try this out. The concepts and mechanics can help you get through the trial stages of learning this remarkable and addictive game.9/10"
76561198033781068,Recommended,276810,16216120,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ragingsloth,"At the time of this review I've only got about 14 hours of play time with it and it is in early access.  This game in general is pretty awesome, and the development team keeps updating it.  What more could you ask for from an organization?If you enjoy a turn based strategy game that actually requires you put more than 2 seconds of thought into what you are about to do, and you don't mind playing it while in Early Access, then this game is absolutely for you right now.Pros:I enjoy the amount of customization that goes into preping your warband.  I like the fact that I can select a style of weapon or type of armor, and I can cutomize those items by putting runes in them.I like that I can chose which skills I'm going to use based on how I spent my attribute points.The development team listens to the customer base, and actively pushes out patches.  This alone is just awesome!Cons:At this time I can't say they have any.  How is that possible right, all games have faults?  If you re-read my last pro comment, it speaks volumes as to why I can't say this game in its early access state has a con right now.   If the game was in it's final state, and the development team wasn't actively engaged in making the game better, then this review would have some cons."
,Not Recommended,276810,29075524,Posted: 6 January,all,Vanguard,"Save your money and buy XCOM, a game that attempts a tactical hardcore genre but adds unnecessary RNG and frustrating ""injuries"" to mask it's terrible AI and poor game mechanics."
76561197983876877,Recommended,276810,13022433,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Dragonfly,Awesome game. I expect it to be even more awesome soon!
,Recommended,276810,19247414,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ManKloon,"The gameplay hook of search for loot, fight some dudes and then manage your warband is pretty addicting. I am super biased as I used to play Mordheim on the tabletop back in the day and loved it. Its pretty faithful to the feel of the original game too which is great. There are a lot of long load times and when your team gets larger the downtime while your opponent is running around can be pretty long/annoying but I've still had a great time with this game. As such it gets a thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,276810,24490976,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sly Marbo,"Do you like playing x-com in Ironman? Well.. This is not that, it's a whole lot more unforgiving.I'll let the other reviews go into detail, just know that this game is going to pillage, maim, and kill you.If you're really, really, lucky, it'll be in that order."
76561198122901822,Recommended,276810,25334849,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Hello World,"This game is definatley not for everyone and at times will make you want to chuck something at your monitor, but overall I've had fun playing this. The game is not too terribly hard when you grasp the mechanics, but even when you plan things out well they can still go terribly wrong due to the incredible amount gameplay based on rng... I would stay away if you frustrate easily."
76561198066024689,Not Recommended,276810,20348575,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Remorsless,"Possibly the greatest existing example of game developers hiding a unfinished, poorly executed game onto the market. The AI in this game does odd moves, ignores objectives, stares at walls, yet will B Line to your weakest guy and try and swarm him with no regard for the battle. It does this to simply inflict permanent damage on your warband, while its crew are just randoms that are totaly expendable. After investing a ton of time into developing a warband, 1 battle where the AI seems to stun your guys with every hit, never miss and somehow do damage that seems impossible, all your time has been wasted because of the overly harsh injury system. 1 armed archers, leaders with stupidity, game ending stuff.The skill tree in this game costs so much yet delivers mostly marginal effects, maybe a %5 increase onto an ability. Only to see your investment wasted when your guy ends up with a headwound that turns him into a potato. Replacement guys are vastly overpriced for a measly 1 or 2 level character, and because they are the weakest , will be targeted by the AI and go down faster then a crack ♥♥♥♥♥ .Yet this games most offensive, and just plain insulting aspect is its totaly broken and deceptive Random Number Generator. Stare in disbelief as attack after attack at %95 misses (not parried or dodged). Gaze in awe as the AI lands powershot after powershot on your warbands leader who had a %80 dodge enabled. From what I have observed in 300 hours of game on several accounts, the AI gets a %25 bonus and you get a %25 penalty.So go through mission after mission of danger, builld your followers up, only to watch them die . There is no end point to this game,it just grinds you down. Win 100 battles yet in 1 bad battle where the AI pulls♥♥♥♥♥♥from its♥♥♥♥♥♥and stuns on near every hit, and your main guys end up with game ending wounds.Wish a decent company had worked on this game, instead of this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥brick muppets. They know exactly the problems but cant be ♥♥♥♥ed fixing it.Now up to near 700 hrs and all the issues still remain. One last detail Ive noticed, story missions are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ overly complicated, repetetive , and full of enemies that somehow appear from rooms or areas already cleared.  I have a new idea for a mission, go to the docks, find a barrell,♥♥♥♥♥♥in it till full, find game devs and drown them in it.6 Months later the game still has the same flaws."
76561198022115469,Recommended,276810,19279733,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,a11051605,"So sick. Best game iv played in afew years. Basically like Diablo 3, Xcom and Darksouls with a touch of Fallout Tactics had a baby. Highly recommend! Also no bugs on launch?!!! WHAT?! Ya an actual quality product on release and not a steaming pile of *@!# like most games now days."
76561198046605765,Not Recommended,276810,20655822,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Zeqe,"It says something about how poor the game design is, that the Devs have to jack up enemy warband difficulty to insane levels just to make the game workable.  I just got done doing a normal difficulty mission with a rank 10 warband, and literally every single one of my henchman was crit on the first swing of the match, stunned, and then promptly dismembered by the massive damage increase that the enemy warbands get.  What gives devs? Still using ""Our AI coding skills are bad"" as a crutch excuse for artifical enemy warband bonuses?"
76561198006624770,Not Recommended,276810,21073881,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ParatrooperGR,"Definitely not recommended. This is not a ""broken"" game. It is a game that is extremely poor by design. It will not ""get fixed"". Will highlight some of the -obvious and terribly cynical- design decisions taken, in order to artificially lengthen the game as well as creating a need for ""DLC investment"". The importance of the latter in the game's ""strategy"" became very apparent with their recent launch of laughable content (two extra options for characters - paid).There are many shortcomings but the following are the highlights:- The combat design is ridiculous. The whole concept of side objectives (which are necessary to meet to have any chance of progressing through the game, as the rewards are intentionally pitiful) is awful. Makes sense from the developers' point of view though. This is a game where the only plausible strategy is to keep formation and gang up on enemies (1:1 you will die most of the time. Outnumbered you will die almost every time - levelling up does not help; see below). The side objectives are aimed at just one thing: Preventing you to keep formation and ganging up on enemies. You basically only have two options. Go after side objectives and fall to statistics (hugely abused by this game, as a ""bonus""), or win battles and get next to no rewards - so lose on the ""strategy map"".The whole loot system as utterly attrocious. Everything about it (when you can collect it, the fact that you essentially lose most of it when you win, the storage system etc). It is all aimed at one thing: Destroying rewards so you stay longer in the game, particularly through the crappy ""veteran system"".- Strategic progression and the ""veteran system"". This is where your warband progresses, in a poor excuse of what Mordheim is supposed to be. Coupled with the ""Veteran system"", which is supposed to earn and track rewards from multiple warbands fielded by the player over the course of ""playing"" this game. Neither works.Skills are so incredibly expensive that you cannot pay for them, as the rewards are too puny. You will watch your warband's characters accumulate skill points that you cannot afford to spend. There is a work around here, which is obviously intentional. Kill enough warbands, waste enough time mindlessly, and you will sllllllooooooooowwwwwllllyyy inch up the veteran system's ranks. One of the ""benefits"" is that it lowers costs and increases starting gold for warbands. See what they did there? That's an example of how the game is artificially lengthened, without any challenge or reason to engage in it.Until you get to that sweet spot (which requires many, many hours of extremely boring grinding and killing warbands), you actually get PUNISHED for levelling up. Whenever you are matched with an enemy warband, it is roughly scaled to yours. However, their characters, of any given level, come complete with the skills you never afforded for yours. With every level you add to your characters, they get markedly worse than their upskilled opponents of same ""rank"". Clever.- It has been a long time since I have seen a game that so cynically and obviously rigs the dice throws. It is getting a bit of a reputation for this and it is actually well deserved (Which is not the case in most incidences when this accusation is levelled at a game). Yes, I know how statistics work, yes, I know about the law of large numbers and, no, I am not ""impressed"" by some fluke throws that did not go my way. I am a 40+ post grad engineer; not a frustrated teen. Will not go into great length of what I tracked and for how long (it would mark me as OCD if I did). Believe me or not, but what they did is just stunning. It is now actually easier to track as (obviously in response to the aforementioned reputation), you can see the modifiers for each ""roll"". The transparency has made the rigging even more obvious and easier to measure.This old staple of lazy and cynical programming is usually nothing more than a nuisance - another artificial way of increasing difficulty and lengthening the game (both very important to marketers, in the age of DLC). Basically, it usually means save-scumming or pay for extra ""power"" to overcome the handicap. In a game with permadeath it is a complete dealbreaker.Could add considerably to the list. Overall, a highly negative experience and a huge let down for a Games Workshop and Mordheim hobbyist who paid for this piece of junk from pre-release (an extremely rare choice for me - at least it taught me a lesson)."
76561198101348632,Not Recommended,276810,16301543,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[NOT FaZe] Dumpling,I feel that the game is just too unfinished to be playable. The menu is very complicated and unexplained and made me use trial and error and a few youtube vids just to be able to play the game. Along with this some of the tutorials do not do a good job of explaining the game. The combat I feel is terrible. I played against computers and all the game would be is using your units to 4v1 group a single enemy unit hoping that you get a crit on them and they dont crit you. It takes forever to kill a unit unless you are the computer and you have units that can hit four times before ending their turn. For seasoned pros this game is perfect. Like the tabletop version? Then I am sure you will like this aswell. I myself never played the tabletop version and felt very lost in how this had strategic value. Too much is broken and not enough is in the game. I felt that the advertising on this is just a bit too good for its actual gameplay.
,Recommended,276810,18256340,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,No hope For humanity,"So yeah...i bought the game earlier before it released the campaign mode..which im glad it did , and its really well done..albeit there's a few errors here and there...example.....your warriors can get injured...which makes sense that you have to treat them... but the wounds serve no purpose but as a gold and time check. only permanent injuries like a decapitated arm or a loss eye really matter...the rest don't really count as you cant bring an injured warrior to any battles."
76561198061990032,Recommended,276810,18258960,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ThePendulum,Recruited a second Sister Superior into my warband.Took her into battle for the first time.Lost an arm and an eye in the same fight.Would fire her again.
,Recommended,276810,18263828,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,johnmilo,Game has really stepped up to feel like the mordhiem i love.bought a Night Runner as soon as i unlocked one for my Skavencalled him         livs-quick-die-young. 4 games later he still livesthough he is currently lacking a right arm and posesses an internal wound names make you do the stupidest thingsif i could go back i'd keep him for the sake of his name again. Great Game
,Recommended,276810,18290117,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Artemis Quinn,So far a very good game...  I can't wait for even more warbands more progression and most of all bug fixes...  Very excited for the future of this game
76561198073010925,Recommended,276810,18291448,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,frankenfurter3,"I love, can't leave it alone - be prepared to rage at your units' misfourtunes"
76561197966678561,Recommended,276810,18298525,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Pielemoos,Good early acces game. Aspecially if your a fan of Mordheim or Warhammer Fantasy.
,Recommended,276810,18302226,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mister Dubis,This game is infuriating. And so much fun as well. It's definatley worth pointing out that the matches will take a while but time is well spent everytime you bring your warband home mostly intact.
,Recommended,276810,18316296,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lokaror,"as of writing this game is early acsess. However its already an amazing game, and development is steady. If you want a tactical game set in warhammer fantasy this is the game for you. With each mission your warband grows in skills and resources. Permanent injuries can happen and even death. 9/10"
,Recommended,276810,18317066,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,papagoose,One of the games that has restored my faith in Early Access. Regular and substantial patches with fun and addictive gameplay. Well worth the investment after the latest patch that adds the first part of the campaign.
,Recommended,276810,18320867,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EpicMayhem,"I hate turn based games! I think its so boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay. This game still needs alot of work to add more strategic values to the game, since thats the number one reason for these games.This game is looking so good and they update the game a tone. Since the last update the game went from messing around fun to actually playable for so many hours and the best thing is its hard and challenging and if they add more missions and elements to the game you might want to take a month off work :PEven a game like this, i would still respect even if i didnt like it, there team has worked so hard.So buy the game, you will like it and if you dont? The way they work, in 3 - 6 months you will 100% like it, if your not loving it."
,Recommended,276810,18407793,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dson,"Really good game that has captured the grimness of the city of mordheim from the warhammer universe. Dev's are constantly on top of things and updates come frequently. Still early access, but can still recommend the game."
,Recommended,276810,18419375,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,aspaceotter,"So I am going to try and be as informative as I possibly can with this game.The game has four factions each one with unique units that can wield and use varieties of armor and weapons. To start the game you are going to choose one of four factions, the choice of faction is crucial to your play style. Once chosen you are going to begin leveling, and yes you level everything, even the poor little meat shields you hide your damage dealers behind. This entire game is based on leveling, accept that fact and youll be perfectly happy with the game. Now the key detail of this game in my eyes is going to be resource management in the warband screen. EVERY MEMBER of your warband must be paid, and you must send wyrdstone to those who request it, miss four shipments and its game over. Inside your camp you can almost fully customize your characters (this is a detail of the game that i want more improvement on) by changing the styles of their gear and equipping them new armor and weapons, also training them over days in spell casting and skill use.now once outside of your warbands camp youll be placed on the campaign screen (the newest update added this finally!). Once on the screen youll be given a variety of missions to choose from, all with varying difficulty and loot. Once you get your warband high enough you will be given an end of act mission. These end of act missions have objectives that must be completed such as placing sanctified hammers on statues, and cleansing the corruption from holy artifacts.The actual gameplay is a turn based strategy format. Units take turns based on their initiation, this is lowered by heavier cumberson items and armor/weapons. In many ways I have found that the weaker glass cannon units go first most of the time, and depending on your faction you may or may not have any of those. Now one thing this games combat does very well is its implication of stances. there are many stances in this game including ambush dodge and parry, being the primary stances. Combat can be very difficult at times because your units move spaces may not get you in a proper postion to attack, and often leads to bottlenecking through doorways or over bridges. Each mission you recieve has a primary objective of killing all enemies or causing them to retreat. Retreat is caused by you forcibly removing morale from an enemy by either surrounding them and causing fear, or the killing of their units. (im not sure about this but it seems like killing enemy heroes and leaders causes a deeper impact on morale)One thing to be wary of is any kind of % chance, as this game is still in Alpha I will go back and change this review as needed but as of now a 78% chance of climbing over a wall seems to have only a 30% success rate, and yes I have tested this by losing over 3 units to trying to climb one wall.All in all this game is amazing, definitely a must have for any warhammer player, and a must try for any strategy enthusiast, this game will punish you through crippling soldiers or even permanent death though. So if you do decide to try it watch for ambushes, and stay away from charging Daemons! Enjoy!"
,Recommended,276810,18428471,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,blade413398,after u do a little stuff to make it work its a damn fun game i like it good job with the graphics and the fact u can loot and scavenge for stuff
76561198068984848,Recommended,276810,18443718,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,sundownm180,"So far its good, I played this game when it first came out, and was not impressed, no custominzation, no level progres, and unless you chose the upgraded version of your class, you were going to lose alot. I am happy to report that they fixed that, each warband you make feels unique, and you star with a rookie, or later on with the right amount of coin you can be a trained rookie. So what is  the good and the bad?Cons:The AI can be a bit wonky, as in if another is blocking the path to get through, they will just end there turn, did have one funny moment when an ranged AI decided to jump of a 15ft wall, take fall damage and attempted to shoot and miss, felt bad for him.The daughters of Sigmar feel a little op, if you are brand new to this game, this is the faction to avoid in combat, they are the tank/mage group, meaning they can cause lots of damage and take it, now they are fun to use and also I do appreciate they are not visually clad in bikini's as most games I see will do with an all female faction.The Price is a little high in my opion, I bought this when I had more money, for an Early Access I understand they need every cent to make the game good, but you risk scaring people away. In this regard I would say  if a friend bought this, ask to try this game, cause if its not for you, then you will probably come to hate this game.This game has its own lore, but if you are not a Warhammer, fantasy or 40k fan, you may be lost, I would see the Warhammer wiki page, but this is a grim dark fantasy game, meaning its not going to have a happy ending on most days. The story for now is ok, I do enjoy making my own adventure, but there is no cutscenes, (so far), so you dont see a major progresion, they are realeasing Act's as time goes on, so maybe there will be chages.Pros:Its a good warhammer game, visually all the characters are right, the weapons they use is correct, and all the maps feel like you are an a chaos corrupted hell hole.Its fun to see your warband progress over time, and customize them, give them new armor, weapons, skills, so its like xcom except warhammer, and you feel the weight of their deaths.The mission types are fun, for now, mostly its about collecting wyrdstones, and fighting enemy warbands, and if the mission is to hard you can send scouts to find different missions.The engine is not to bad, the game visually is good, gruff, abomination look is what I would expect from a warhammer game. I hope they do add in a faction like Orks/goblins, since all the other factions have a specific reason for being there, it would be a game changer if one was there just to kill everyone, not for chaos or the empire, just for fun.So all in all my fun rating is a 10/10, I love playng this game, but my more professional side says a 7-8/10 it has issues, some parts of the game will feel a bit unfair, like if you have a 95% chance to hit but miss 3 times, and have a dodge of 80% but get hit twice does feel a bit cheap, and if the decrease the price a bit, I would reconmend this game to all my warhammer friends. I did not play the boardgame version of Mordheim but this game has caught my interest. That feeling of conquest is always great and this review may change when its complete, but for now I reconmend this game because for the time being, even though I went into more details about the bad, its still a fun game I just went more into it because I feel that part is for the devs or people who want to see what may turn them away from this game, and weigh it in their own minds, because this is still a a fun game  and I enjoyed it."
76561198120258086,Recommended,276810,18449853,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Some Lettuce,"Real nice game, but it needs more factions to play as because as of now the game is a little ""empty"" as hard as that is to say."
,Recommended,276810,18450554,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,EA Salesman,"10/10 flanks enemy leader....who is ready to ambush.....""enemy leader uses ambush"" ""it wasnt effective"" watch as the enemy leader run into me for 10 mins and then pushes me out of the way to continue running in a diffrent direction.......10/10 would laugh with my friend again."
,Recommended,276810,18452417,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,bigcheeseuk,An excellent reproduction of the GW wonderful game.
76561198059364749,Recommended,276810,18527315,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lobster Surgeon,"Mordheim is a gem among so many abandoned projects on steam. The game is visually stunning, it clearly loves its source material, and it is constantly being updated with massive changes and fixes that only serve to fix and add features to this already solid product. Mordheim is worth the price and has solid multiplayer. Find a friend and mess them up, It'll be great. Buy this game."
76561198080377766,Recommended,276810,18575050,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Frosty Senpai,"Great game, feels very down and dirty and reminds me alot of excom (which i played in ironman mode, ofc.)  Although i do believe a difficulty setting should be added for those who are not up to the challenge, and for 1v1 battles against your friends to actually give you rewards,  it is a utterly fantastic game that can be EXTREMLY stressfull at times, but it also has moments that not many other games have.  Those moments where you have 3 units dead and all the rest but one are on 10 health, and you have to use the one with the low health to bait out an overwatch shot in order for your units to attempt to run up to your objective, and then you realise that you left an important item behind and have to go fetch it in order to succede while your men are under-fire but you somehow manage to pull it out and succede.  This game gave me a sence of pure joy that I have not had in gaming for quite some time.  An utter joy to play."
76561198004881597,Recommended,276810,18592404,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nagash1959,"This game does the TT origins justice. Even if you never played Mordheim for hours on end in real life, this modern day adaption is downright excellent. This is how an Early Access should go."
,Recommended,276810,18499774,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Groundhog,"This has slowly developed into an excellent little title. Each update brings significant content and in its current state, it's perfectly playable.Like turn-based combat with RPG elements? You will love this.I really hope that, once this has hit version 1.0, we see a Necromunda title from these guys."
76561198064851315,Recommended,276810,18512093,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dremlorx,did you like mordhiem? then just yes.
,Recommended,276810,18632066,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Pinkweed,"good game overall but abit broken when it comes to some mechanics like the %chance to hit been in 4 (12 battles now) battles in a row where my standard chance to hit is 86% but miss 33/35 hits each fight, might be me thats unlucky but i begin to see a trend here"
76561198011465707,Recommended,276810,13112547,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,teptep,seems like it will be a good game. intresting and well made tactical game play. not worth the money yet but the content that exists is extremely nice.UPDATE:Now with version 2 it's in my opinion begining to be worth the money. the team is nice fixing bugs fast and taking suggestions and implementing them at a nice rate. still issues as is usual in alpha. a lot of intresting options in the gameplay system.
76561198038740328,Recommended,276810,17963971,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mag,"I have to say, Early Access reviews are difficult to write due to the changing nature of the beast during production. That said, I thoroughly enjoy the game and the customization of the warbands. Each warband is different and fun to play.Pros:  - Fun and enjoyable combat.- Great dark setting with tons of tactical options per map.- Great game to play with a friend/stranger (Chat is funny often with other players)- Map options vary widely, as do starting positions.- Love having total control to respec and get a solid feel for each warband's strengths.Cons (as of E.A.): - Some of the larger maps might not run as nice as smaller maps.- Bugs (as expected) that can stop a multiplayer game. (usually issue with the connectee to host)- Needs some optimization to run better. (Poor graphics options; 5 preset)- Fighting CPU is lack luster, you'll win every game.So in all, its runs like you might expect any unfinished game to. Its a solid game play and idea that i will admit is super fun. If you and a friend(s) can find some time to dedicate to this game I can promise you'll have a good time. I haven't yet found a match-up of warbands that is completely one sided so every game has fair play. :) If you are looking for a great turn based stratagey game with amazing potential check out Mordeheim, you wont be sorry."
76561197977315912,Recommended,276810,13040826,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ronin_100,"This game nails the table top game to a tea! Great combat scenes and a vast array of skills to use. Very easy game to pick up too. The tutorials are second to none and the ability to go on and finish the tutorial even after you have performed the objectives is a brilliant idea.Also watching a climbing Skaven fall on it's butt is priceless 10/10Wish you guys all the best with this release, i'm really looking forward to seeing where this game goes :)"
76561198009922909,Recommended,276810,13072680,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,KyNiker,"So I bought this game in Alpha even though I had heard of problems with Early Access in the past. I must day however, that this game far exceeded my expectations. I have wanted to play Mordheim for a great many years and this game is an opportunity to do just that.There are obviously still some problems which require touching up and I would imagine that they will all be taken care of in due time, however the game is fantastic as it stands and will only get better.The tutorials are easy to follow and comprehensive and allow the player to experience all the factions which are not available yet in a Skirmish. In due time the other factions will be added and so will the progression system which will take this game to an unbelievable level of enjoyment. It is easy to see just how many places there are to go with this game, especially if it is eventually open to player modding in order to add many factions which the developers may not have an interest in adding themselves.I look forward to future updates and will continue to play and enjoy the current content."
76561198006529754,Recommended,276810,18524750,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Blixx,"Love the game and highly recommend it to anyone who loves tactical games.  I will not lie the campain mode is hard and not a good fit for young children.  That being said, finaly a game where the target audience is not an 8 year old kid."
76561198086505175,Recommended,276810,18581419,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,[POEX]An-Tarxamon,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEVED FIRSTLY ON 20th OCTOBER 2015. (Update 8, Patch 4, EA rating - 95/100)This is an updated review after full-release. Changes are written with capital letters. (Release 19/NOV/2015, v. 1.0.4.1).My overall rating for Mordheim: City of the Damned: 100/100Another adaptation from Warhammer universe, this combines elements of real-time strategy and RPG genre. Decent atmospheric settings full of horror and merciless battles, that is what this game promises you. Add a management of your warband, improvement of skills and a decent portion of strategy with luck and you have, what it is really called. War over cursed city, which we will look into further in details.GAMEPLAY+ Good design and performance+ Strategic map+ Variety of actions and reactions (most of them are responsive)+ Good tutorials+ Warband management+ Commented objectives, stories before and after the mission+ VOICED STORIES AND INTRO ADDEDo Complex control- Four factions only (may not be negative at all)Gameplay is a decent part of the game and it is very well balanced. Now there are only four factions, but tactics, randomised elements on map and also important luck factor are creating a formidable game experience. Turn-based strategy is very well combined with RPG genre, so you have to improve your warband, change the position and disposition of the troops, after that, you have to fight your battles on the battlefield.Battles need another strategy guidance, you have to rely not only on your warriors, but also to environment and luck. Everything is possible in war, so also here, even the weakest unit can disable or rout the strongest enemy with the right conditions and events happened.Commented objectives, intros and outros to the mission are adding a great impression to the atmosphere of the whole game. Player can feel himself/herself like the biggest general and strategist in the world.VISUALS+ Excellent graphics+ Art style+ Cam view+ Wounds have influence on characters' appearanceVisually is Mordheim stunning. Perfect set of backgrounds, various part of Mordheim, nice details on units and many features have a wonderful impression on a player. Also your warriors may suffer wounds and injuries, which are visible then, so you can tell, who is a novice and who battle-toughened veteran.SOUNDTRACK+ Well composed+ Theme for each faction, map+ RELEASED AS AN EXCLUSIVE OFFER FOR ALL PLAYERSSoundtrack adds points for Mordheim: City of the Damned, themes are adequately changing, underlining both nature of each faction and sinister atmosphere of cursed city of Mordheim. After full release it was added and automatically downloaded to game folder (link specified at store page).MULTIPLAYER+ Balanced+ Various modso Seeking by rating (adjustable)Multiplayer also provides another possibilities for your warband to perform, you can choose of plenty modes and community is fair and friendly. There is also ""Exhibition"" mode, where no penalties will remain after ending. For other, experienced units are recommended, because loss can disrupt your precisely build warband in one unlucky mission. Though you can seek the enemy just to suit your rank, so it is compensable and you do not have to have an elite unit at all.SUMMARYThis title is a very wonderful adaptiation of Warhammer universe, yet in the process of perfection through Early Access. Also turn-based strategy and RPG combination seems very promising, though there might be some bugs and people should be aware of that and considering this during their reviews, written or spoken, does not matter what. Developers are working fast, communicating with community and releasing patches regularly, each with huge balance.About the price, game is complex, replayable, I understand that 39,99 EUR might be expensive for some players (Early Access costed 31,99 EUR), but it is worthy, singleplayer for sure, multiplayer experience are giving also points to this title. Though it is very similar to late Early-Access phase, it has those improvements, which exactly were needed to be done.The game is recommended for Warhammer fans, turn-based strategy, RPG players and also players outside this genres. Each of us has a bit of dark fantasy within us."
,Recommended,276810,18316379,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EvilPlueschtier,"Since the Permadeath Update, which brought along Warband management and Permadeath/Injuries, Mordheim went from a game you´d play from time to time because it doesn´t have THAT much to offer to a game thats addictive like hell.The management of your own group of soldiers turns out to be rather interesting with lots of options to create the warband one likes.Defeat in this game feels way more gritty than for example in X-Com. Even if your Mission is a total defeat theres still that chance your guys(or girls) might make it back to the warband. The resulting injuries from being knockt out or hit criticaly to many times are interesting and might not be bad at all. Charakters can even lose bodyparts... like my Leader did... on day one... dat peg-leg thoughFor its current state i´d give it a 10/10"
76561198037534424,Recommended,276810,21048086,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nagash,"I'm an old time Mordheim fan and this game is so true to the original game. I still miss some creatures (and warbands) but the base is quite allright.On the downside it got it's coding problems. My computers proseccor is somewhere between minimum and reommended, all other requirements is way beyond recommended, and the game has some grafic problems. It jumps in frames and grafics need to reboot... Anoying but it won't stop me from playing.All in all: This is the best turnbased game I've experienced in a very long time!I love it!"
76561198016546348,Recommended,276810,24780034,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Juzzo,"This is a good, engrossing, strategy game.Very deep mechanics, strategy from the start, and very unforgiving.Your warband will be slaughtered as you learn to play, go into this thinking of your characters as disposable and you will have a better time than if you get attached to them. Eventually, you will figure out how to survive and grow some powerful ones, but early on expect a lot of pain and (kinda) starting over.While the focus is on your warband, you are leveling your leadership in the background and this gives bonuses to new warbands you start, in effect, the game gets (ever so slightly) easier every time you are decimated, broke, and starting over.Game is only iron man mode, meaning no save loading when you mess up, be prepared.Due to the stakes being high, every match I play is full of ""WTF?!"", ""CRAP!"", and ""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moments as well as ""♥♥♥♥ yea!"", ""WHOO-HOO"", and ""RIGHT ON!"" moments.Highs and lows....Who could ask for anything more?"
76561198022248281,Recommended,276810,24765381,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Barlone,"Fight with skavens in the noble quarter. Perfect fight, just before morale test one lucky ratmen  critshoted my captain. Bah ... he´ll be fine ... but he wasnt. Died next day and whole warband was out of money to hire a new one so tough luck and strart again ... just like tabletop version.As a old player of tabletop Mordheim, I am bit distracted by transformation of classic warhammer dice rules to percentages, but hey we use D6 mainly because they easy to count and keep track of hits and misses ... if computer do the whole counting I dont mind.Ranged weapons are less deadly than in original, there are no slings (incredibly powerfull, low cost weapon that even nuns could use)I have played the game for a few hours and its solid. Worthy buying in when is below 20€."
76561198007653495,Recommended,276810,21593655,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,No One,"I love this game and recommend buying it.Three great things in this game :- the world of Warhammer and the Skaven- it makes you worry for your men (they accumulate xp through missions and you can chose a variety of skills)- and it constantly teases you to take risks (trying to get more money, at a higher risk).There are no saves and losing a mission feels really painful : your men that have been put out of combat have a small chance of actually being uninjured after the mission, but usually get some kind of permanent injury, which make them powerful/less usable - and I just got my 3 best men (incl. my boss and a hero) actually DEAD in a single mission ! (all right, I confess I was greedy and tried a ""deadly"" mission, which turned out to be a mission against sisters... mental note: don't do it again)But actually, aside from the ""psychological"" side, losing is not as damaging (in game terms) as you could think, because the difficulty of most missions depends on your strength.Going for a ""normal difficulty"" mission is a bit easier with a strong team than with a weak team, but not that much. (it's still a bit easier with a strong team because as your teammates level up, you can chose skills and usually, we humans are better than the AI at building ""consistent"" characters (with skills that work well together)).So I my opinion the game is great because it feels unforgiving without being actually completely unforgiving."
76561198021782092,Recommended,276810,24782253,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SmokeyStern,"One of the best TBS games with heavy RPG elements I have ever played. The game is cruel though, so stay away if you don't like a challenge or want an elite team of perfect super soldiers. Half your army is probably missing an arm or has been made stupid by a too hard blow to the head. Keep your favorites real safe, cause it only takes one out of action and a little bad luck for your best archer to lose an arm and no longer be able to carry a bow ;)"
76561197987214670,Recommended,276810,18150463,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Baron Vilhelm,so much lag. with 16 gig ram and 4 gig nvidia graphics card i exprected good mode to run well. unfortunetly the frame rate was awfull and it ruined it for me.update****I must now change my reveiw to a psoative. i recieved a comment offering support which i wil soon take up. the fat that sub 24 hourss one of the developers offerd help gives me great hope for this game. i wrote a far more desparaging reveiw on rome two and no one ever offerd help there.
76561197961684357,Recommended,276810,23867000,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ufozeth,"The peglegged, one-eyed witch hunter with his left hand gone and replaced with a hook is just dodgedancing like crazy before he downs the enemy smuggler!Yeah! You gotta love permanent injuries!! :D"
76561198103310857,Recommended,276810,20365776,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,igirisujin,"As a former player of the tableetop version of Mordheim, I feel that the computer version has captured the feel of the tabletop version.  It is not a port of the table top version and I think that it is better for it.  There are moments of frustration, as your men can not hit anything or you leader gets his arm cut off in the second mission, I speak from experience, but I can not help but enjoy the narrative of my warband, as they grow,  develop, and sadly die.  I have become very attached to my one arm one legged archer who can no longer use a missile weapon.Now, there are issues, the AI could really do with an overhaul, a few more different warbands, undead, dwarves, pitfighters, would be nice.  The game would also be better if it had some more maps.  All that being said, I enjoy the game and think it is worth giving it a go."
76561197970754770,Recommended,276810,23789031,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ardbug,"Amazing game, just excellent, but it is very very very hard, just brutal, you really need to know the mechanics like dodge/parry, sticking together, NOT picking ""both team scattered"" missions and managing your red attack points to do well. You WILL lose warband after warband while learning the ropes, but it is worth it, great game."
76561198200159691,Recommended,276810,19126438,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,romain.penager,"Very interesting game with lots of potential! The interface is quite friendly and most of all, it is the gameplay that is very original with a tactical side highly present.To be played if you are a fan of the Warhammer univers or a fig' player :)"
,Recommended,276810,13055856,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,DJ,"so far so good. obviously units are preset with varying weapon combinations to allow for playtesting but allows no real focus on a certain play style, which although takes away from the specialisation of a faction, does lend itself to a general pleasant playing experience. as a tabletop Mordheim enthusiast, love the initiative ladder. waiting around for a full turn without doing anything gets boring. loved the climbing and jumping down functions in the game, although laughed a little when a unit attempted to jump down, failed and fell to the ground, but next frame ended at the top again. surely a failed jump down makes you land on the ground regardless... would kill for dark elves but know that they'd be far, far, far off. would love to see the regulars undead and witch hunters but unsure if they'd be a little too similar to mercs, especially since the mercs get a warlock. great start so far so congratulations lads. keep up the good work"
76561198167375380,Recommended,276810,22003472,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Wolfhelm,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game, but I can't bring myself to rate negatively. I will, however, be leaving a lengthy review explaining my opinions of this game.First of all its one of the best tabletop to video game conversions I have ever played. The play mechanics are superb and feel refreshing for a turn based strategy game, aside from the RNG.The overall look and feel of the game are excellent, it is a great blend of horror and strategy. Great graphics, awesome artwork, cool noises, amazing voice acting, and genuinely creepy.Yes the game can be immensely challenging and unforgiving, but that is one of the best parts. Real true consequences that you will be feeling the effects of for a long while to come, so play smart, be cautious.The downside of the game is really that the AI, although incredibly tough, is incredibly stupid. Every match is basically a Zerg rush. The AI will throw everything it has at you (aside from one guy who will wander around aimlessly) right at the start of match.The goal of the game almost entirely revolves around collecting this precious green crack called Wryd Stone. The AI is not at all interested in doing that. Instead they will mindlessly pursue you like ravenous zombies.If they could improve the AI, wherein they actually cared about collecting the Wyrd Stone, as the game implies they should, and used some genuine strategy instead of 'walk straight at the closest enemy and kill' strategy it currently uses then this game would be huge win.Another sore spot is the RNG. I suggest you keep a pillow close by to bite on because you will be getting royally ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥The RNG seems to purposely want to cause you to smash your computer in complete rage. I have lost numerous battles, where I overwhelmingly had the tactical advantage, simply because my team would continually miss attack after attack and take every incoming hit right on the chin till they where all decimated.There is little to nothing you can do about the RNG except pray and pray. It completely sucks the idea of 'being the smarter tactician' right out of the game. They should add in some fail safe so you can only miss so many times in a row or something along those lines because it seems no matter how likely your odds of landing a hit are its always a 3/10 chance you will actually land the hit... especially when you really really need to land that last freakin hit!Lastly, I absolutely love the fact this game has multiplayer support. Although it is neigh impossible to find a match unless you join a community group that host pvp tournaments. It may have been the saving grace of the entire game if not for the fact that multiplayer is not balanced at all.Every faction in multiplayer has some super cheezy tactic or advantage that will make them OP depending on what lvl your currently fighting at.Early on the Skaven move so far and fast they can easily swarm, poison, and kill half your team before you even get to move. Later on the Sisters will drop comet after comet, after comet, after... you guessed it more comets on your head till you have two guys remaining that they quickly surround and flog to death. Late game the Mutants if played right, will have uber mutations giving them more strength and health than anyone making them a wall of flesh and claws that will pound your face, body, and soul into the ground.If they where to improve AI, add a more forgiving RNG (so the game is more based on tactics than luck), and tweak the multiplayer balancing this game would be absolutely amazing. For now I suggest if you like tabletop games, turn based strategy, Warhammer, or are a masochist get this game next time its on sale.I'll be looking forward to updates... if there are any."
,Recommended,276810,22124422,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,sunherd,"These are the big pros to me:- The atmosphere. Graphics and sounds support Warhammer world very well and I like the narrator voices too.- ""Roguelike"" elements (injuries, deaths, no savegames) fit very well into a dark fantasy setting. A couple of injuries to a favourite character gives him/her actually.. more character :)- Asymmetrical factions make game more interesting.- Many kinds of viable builds for warbands.- Meaningful tactical choices in combat.The only bad thing I really come up with is the AI - a point that is relevant mostly when playing the single player scenarios. This is what I have to say about it:It is a popular complain that the AI REALLY sucks and that it is easy to win games using choke points. And it is true - except when it isn't. The scenarios also start with deployments that try to screw you up, like spreading your warriors alone across the map and enemies rushing towards you and engaging you when you haven't even had the chance to react. So while it's true that the AI is stupid and you can ""farm"" it, sometimes it's so much opposite that it's unfair (and it's kind of realistic and in the game's genre it is acceptable). And sometimes it's something in between.I admit it's by far the weakest part of the game - Luckily the game does it's best to minimize the effect.I haven't played multiplayer yet, but of course there the situation isn't the same.Overall this game gives me wonderful moments in a grim dark fantasy world."
76561198034655270,Recommended,276810,24745959,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,grimgrin4488,"Its a difficult and fun turn-based strategy game with minimal tutorials, but very frustrating most of the time since a string of three bad rolls can be devistating to your favorite minion or even lose the entire match. Each match takes a long time (40 to 60 minutes plus) to resolve as the maps are massive and the enemies are hidden.  You are always the underdog and must skillfully maneuver your minions to win.  You must also get both the primary and secondary goals if you wish to keep pace with the game difficulty progression (hard to insane) and the economic demands (warpstone & coins) of growing and equiping your warband.I use a laptop and my original computer was not quite up to the processing burden of the game, but my new intel core 17 laptop handles it fine."
76561198006343204,Recommended,276810,13059948,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TheGobbo,Balance between tabletop and new mechanics is perfect and the atmoshpere is right on the money. If you liked Mordheim then it doesnt get any better than this.Only thing left to do is support the devs wait for them to build on those solid foundations.
76561198044262990,Recommended,276810,18235743,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,areera,updates realy made a masive diference
,Recommended,276810,18230469,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ranger mcfriendly,"Did you ever play xcom and think to yourself 'this would be better if it was set in a medieval fantasy land and instead of losing my beloved troops to instant death, they suffered a slow and agonizing series of injuries that crippled them to the point where usually you yourself have to make the decision to fire them even though said injuries were received under your command' - Well then this is the game for you! FantasylandUSmarinecoresimulator2015This game is finally at a stage where I'm comfortable to reccomend it - good fun, deep progression, crippling depression - enjoy!"
76561198024875616,Recommended,276810,24174087,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SpeaksWithStone,"A great way to relive the glories of warbands of the past.  My son and I played the tabletop game and loved it.  We are now playing this and atually enjoying it more, since we can play against each other or the computer in campaign mode."
76561198006806544,Recommended,276810,19200570,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Rayvon,"Good and really detailed like the boardgame, well worth it."
76561197998484239,Recommended,276810,18214671,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Tirus,"Just writing this as a fan/player of the old boardgame and of this early access. I've been in the EA for almost a year now. To start out it was very bare bones and glitchy, kinda what I expected.The constant updates are perfect. They iron out all the problems that I've noted/reported.The game looks great (graphically it's not the best, not the worst) thematically. They nailed the atmosphere of the boardgame/lore!Now with the addition of the continous campaign/warband!? This is the game I've been dying for!!! I absolutely love the advancement and the customization options. Not to mention the fact that I can take my exhisting band and throw it online against another person and keep all the loot/xp for my single player campaign (and vise versa) not to mention the possibility of losing one of my leaders/followers for good! It's the perfect platform for the RPG and TBS fan!I'm really enjoying this game now, and with the addition of the campaign I recommend it to anyone whos a fan of tactical turn based and roleplaying games!!! Can't wait to see where they'll go next!"
,Recommended,276810,30403972,Posted: 8 March,all,Wally the Wizard,If anyone is wondering why there is mixed reviews just know this...The game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard and very punishing...if you plan to get the game be prepared to have this game competely♥♥♥♥♥♥on you
76561198044593634,Recommended,276810,18479508,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Big Bylan,Looking good
,Recommended,276810,18270329,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Josephus Maximus,"Wow... I got this several months ago thinking it looked cool.Just jumped back in for a look today and this looks AWESOME.My second-look impression is that this game is Blood Bowl + Xcom + Phat lootz.I'm already dreaming of buying DLC and I generally hate DLC.I haven't even scratched the surface of the content that is already in this early access. From what I see so far though, I hope it's like breadsticks at Olive Garden... only I'll pay for them to keep making more of it.I've done only one mission and I'm lusting for endless levels, phatter loots, more races to experience it all with, and more ways to experience it. If I had perfect vision and knew exactly what I wanted I would have asked for a game very close to this."
76561198032149537,Recommended,276810,18924590,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Skuz,"This game may still be in development, but it is very addictive and well done."
,Recommended,276810,13024667,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Butt Game,I got to shoot a guy with a dual pistol wielding Skaven.13/10 Would ratbro again.
76561198007375920,Recommended,276810,26588606,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Caveman,"Mordheim, a game I have been playing on and off since early access, is a nice game turn based tactical game - resembling x-com, bloodbowl and other games where you have movement points and fighting points. You will get to know the characters of your warband, develop them and style them. But futher no real stretegic support of your party. You can insert character history and slighty modify their looks. I always like building up.However... the game is also quite merciless. My brave band of imperial mercenaries is led by a one-legged captain, assisted by a one-legged hero; covered by a archer with a permanent open wound; I have to admit. In other games I might have saved my sacred band of brave warriors and my twin-sister smugglers quite often and would have reloaded the missions time and time again to cheat my way out of the leg-losing and thus would have prevented the limitation of the range and actions of my beloved Captain Kenrick and his sidekick the couragrous hero Havok Sparrenschild. I would have re-loaded to avoid the loss of fighting points for my carefully contructed 6th level sharpshooter 'Lars Genade'. But alas. The loss is forever and final.... So much better this paralympic approach to find the green magical shards that are scattered throughout the city.Ofcourse you have to like the warhammer world to like the game, which is sometime a bit repetitious (but I didn't mind). If you can't stand skaven and ogres... don't buy this game. But if you feel like rampaging with blunderbusses and warhammers through a rotten, deserted, corrupted and decaying city (the artwork is quite nice): it is worth buying. Just be aware that you have to seperately buy the DLC.  That might be the true curse of Sigmar's comet."
76561197991773070,Recommended,276810,24744174,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Hooded Justice,"Mordheim is a rather challenging turn-based squad management RPG set in the Warhammer world, with unforgiving rogue-like qualities that won't be to eveyone's liking. To be quite frank, people who head in thinking Mordheim willl be akin to XCOM will probably be rather let down. This is primarliy an old Games Workshop board game brought to life with all the idiosyncracies this entails, and it therefore has far more in common with Blood Bowl than regular turn-based titles. Don't let the 3rd person gfx trick you into thinking otherwise, that's basically just a way of getting scenary and elevation changes to work (something that wasn't needed with Cyanide's Blood Bowl conversion).The Blood Bowl comparisons continue through to the front-end, which is about as user friendly as a casual headbutt. However, perseverance with the steep learning curve and the obtuse management system does start to pay off. Trying to keep a fledgling warband afloat by selling everything and fielding guys with smashed up legs only to find you've then got no spare weapons for your next raid is the kind of experience you'll either like or despise - luckily for me, it's right up my street.I tried PVP in beta and it had a lot going for it but I've just been doing campaign stuff since I fired it up aagin and I am genuinely impressed with the solo experience. The meta actually has a lot in common with Darkest Dungeon (this is a good thing, DD is wonderful). Also of note is that the Xbox pad works nicely, meaning I can get my tactical on from the armchair.Mordheim has developed nicely into a game that now offers a fairly singular experience, though undoubtably rather niche. If you're looking for a mixture of Blood Bowl and Darkest Dungeon then look no further."
76561198091067271,Recommended,276810,20637466,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TheWayfaring,"Mordheim: City of the Damned is an infuriating, venom-dripping, and chaotic experience. However, it is an altogether pleasant experience and game.Mordheim: CotD is a turn-based video game adapation of the tabletop Mordheim gameset in the Warhammer Fantasy universe, where the goal is to survive a hellish landscape in order to gather a rare, and dangerous, material known as Wyrdstone, known for its chaotic influence and ability to enhance magic. Being set in the more turbulent era of Warhammer Fantasy history, there is an abundance of weapons to use that are unique, magic with consequences, strict limitations and possible firing zones with ranged weapons (of which there are bows and firearms), and mythical races of characters. While this game does not have all of the races from the older Mordheim, the four chosen are very different and give a very accurate (read: grimdark) feel for the setting.The four racesin CotD are the Empire Mercenaries, Skaven, Cult of the Possessed, and the Sisters of Sigmar. These races are divided into Warbands, consisting of (as time goes on) one Leader unit, up to three Hero units, one Impressive unit, and five Henchmen units. Following will be a generalization of each race, their purpose, and then a general playstyle (though this game is nearly limitless with how you create your Warband, and how you play them, especially with injuries being added into the mix). Spoilers will be placed for storyline, although only very vague information is given.The Empire Mercenaries are a warband of human mercenaries from the proud coalition of human factions.The Empire Mercenaries are part of the Order alignment, implying good intentions and care for the world.The mercenaries are sent to gather Wyrdstone for their employer. They do not care about his reasons.Mercenaries generally rely on tankier melee units and higher damage ranged units. Amazing in a team, this warband has issues if separated, for a ranged character is helpless if ambushed in melee, and will die from a few hits, while a melee character lacks the damage to best his opponent, leaving them locked in combat for several turns.The Skaven are a race of greedy and cruel humanoid rat-men, particularly from Clan Eshin, a clan of assassins.The Skaven are part of the Chaos alignment, working for selfish intentions and care little for anybody but themselves.The Skaven warband is attempting to gather Wyrdstone, which they call Warpstone, in order to increase personal prestige among the ranks of the influential Murderlord.The Skaven are low health with high Initiative (order of who goes first per turn) and high damage. They generally rely on quickly swarming an enemy (one of their racial skills, appropriately named Swarm, gives bonuses for every Skaven attacking the same unit) and wiping them out one or two at a time. Lacking any tanks until they get their Impressive rank warrior, they rely on Dodging and Parrying even more than the other races.The Cult of the Possessed are a faction of mutants and chaos warriors with no regard for life at all.The Cult is a Chaos-aligned faction, willing to murder and betray, and even mutate their own bodies, for more power.The Cult is attempting to obtain greater and greater power from an entity known as the Shadowlord, in exchange for Wyrdstone.The Cult is generally a more melee oriented unit, though they have a Magician as their Leader, and rely on overwhelming power to kill their foes. Lots of buffs, decent health, and high damage make them a force to be reckoned with, especially in the scarily narrow streets of Mordheim.The Sisters of Sigmar are a zealous group of religious fanatics, similar to Paladins from other games.The SoS are aligned with Order, hoping to combat evil and to spread the message of their god through face-smashing.The SoS are attempting to gather all of the Wyrdstone simply so that it cannot fall into the hands of evil.The SoS generally rely on powerful and high health units to completely destroy their enemies in combat. However they are slow, and have a very difficult time dealing with multi-level attacks.Mordheim is a very dangerous placeoften causing injuries to your Warband ranging from a simple experience loss, to amputation, and death. The game is very unforgiving, and you may make two or three Warbands, having them be crippled and ruined one after the other, until something finally clicks and you surge ahead, destroying your opposition and doingSOgood until your main warrior loses an arm, and can no longer use that bow/halberd/shield that you relied on, and you scream into the night, causing dogs to bark, and you fume and pace around your room trying to decide if you should get a new Leader, make a new Warband, or accept the 20% dodge increase from losing an arm, and you just keep rambling and crying and pout... sorry, that hit a little close to home. As a game of incredibly high risk though, the RNG is downright out to get you, and you will often miss attacks you had an 85% chance to hit. Twice. This may seem unfair, however it is more accurately tied to the tabletop game where you'd roll upwards of five die per attack. Yet, even with an AI you swear is cheating, your best warrior being taken down by a stupid ambush that you totally weren't in range of, and RNG causing you to lose your best tank because he missed a 97% parry chance, victory is insanely addicting.Mordheim: CotD, despite being brutal and unfair, is one of the few games I've played in a long time that really made my victories feel hard-fought and well-earned. I'm addicted to finding out what I could do, and could have done, better. 8/10TL;DR: Hard game, lots of customization, game literally hates you, you may want to amputate your own limbs (I mean, hey, 20% bonus dodge chance!). Awesome."
76561197970081795,Recommended,276810,23812231,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Miles,"This game is fun.  Once you find the warband you like and figure what they do best, the next step is to just pound face while you level up.Leveling up is easy, training new skills is tough because gold is scarce.  I think this is OK though, in a game you need to make tough decisions...Another skill for your all star leader, or spread the love to some underlings.The injury system is awesome too.  Some warband members just never die, despite loss of limbs.  Others die their first time out.  It's also hilarious when the enemy warband has obvious injuries.  Ironically the enemy with 1 arm is tough as nails, haha."
,Recommended,276810,13052146,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Captain Chesty,"The moment it finished downloading I jumped right in to it, AND I LOVE IT! The ambiance, the game play, the art - I loved everything about it, the combat feels fluid, fast paced, and not repetative at all. However I'd like to point out that I attacked an enemy that was inside a house, just wanted to let the devs know so they fix it on the next patch. Over all I plan to keep playing the game, get to know the warbands and the story.15/10"
,Recommended,276810,19194456,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[PP] Calous,Pretty good tactics game.
,Recommended,276810,19124866,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,koloski,"Update -I'm having more fun then before.  I've found more bugs and the story missions can be confusing sometimes.  But, the epic feel of survival is great.  I'm not one to complain that I miss a 95% roll.  I don't believe that game is broke or cheats, I believe I just had a bad roll.  I also hit the other day when I had a 7% chance on a shot.  It is random and it happens, but games like this are built that way.  I don't want to know exactly what is going to happen every sword swing that would be pretty dumb.The injuries don't bother me.  I don't ever deploy my own troops, I always let the computer deploy them for me.  I like the difficulty.  I have a Human Merc warband and we've struggled and also dominated.  Nothing better then getting smacked around, scrapping together after the fight and going out and deciminating your enemy next time.  Yes you can do that.This game is simply fantastic.  There are minor issues here and there and some odd graphic glitches.  But, overall the game requires thought and planning.  But, I think it captures the warhammer world very well and handles the mechanics of the boardgame.I wish it had multiplayer servers and warbands were stored online for online play.  Some kind of ladder or online campaign would be great as well.I would buy additional warbands as DLC.  I would also pay for multiplayer.  It is a great merc sim and really has been the kind of game I've been waiting for.Well done, Well done indeed.9.0 out of 10.  Would like multiplayer ladders, servers, clans etc...  Also multiplayer campaigns.  I hope this is game is a hit and they look at funding or kickstarting some of those features.  We also need more custom options for faces.  All my guys look the same and that is annoying.  Make it so people can mod."
76561198076771467,Recommended,276810,25507831,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,antlucasexe,"When I first started playing this game I had trouble getting into it; almost gave up on it. Then I figured out what tactics work best and discovered its hidden depths and now I'm totally addicted. Its one of my favourite games ever now.I would not, however, recommend this as a game for everyone. You need patience, perseverance and an acceptance that sometimes the RNG won't go your way and a willingness to have to lose/fire warriors occassionally to really appreciate this game. If you don't have these things, then maybe consider waiting for a sale and getting it then.If you want to know what its like... it kinda plays a bit like Valkyria Chronicles, with some Blood Bowl mechanics and a light splattering of X-Com thrown in, with some in-depth skill builds on top. If that sounds appealing to you then my advice is to buy it. It is tremendous fun!"
,Recommended,276810,19166094,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Mazzdingo,what i've played so far is just load times shame they dont make a interactive game while i wait the ten bloody mins loading into each mission
76561198006652893,Recommended,276810,19164671,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MysticjonUK,Initial impressions are excellent - not tried multiplayer yet and am focussing on the growth and development of my single player warband first.Good Job Developers!
76561197968310252,Recommended,276810,18646979,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,SilverAze,Downside: -graphicsUpside: + addicting+ only one more fight+ evolving warband
76561198006303452,Recommended,276810,18641859,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sebcain,"Wow has this game really blossomed into something amazing. If you hadn't tried this since its original inception over a year ago or less than I would definitely give it another go-round. So much has been added and changed and best of all the campaign with progression is in place. Leveling up your warband and outfitting them, customizing them, and making sure they don't die or get maimed in the course of battle is where it's at! Only thing left I can't wait for the multiplayer permanence and progression. At that point I think it will be personal...GAME ON!"
76561198005722670,Recommended,276810,18655910,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sloth sex machine,"Seriously, the developers are cramming out so many bug fixes and improvements on a regular basis that I'm amazed. It feels as though every week there's a new update fixing several bugs and improving the UI, adding new features that improve the experience, or simply add new content.The gameplay is solid so far and I'm eagerly awaiting the ability to play Multiplayer matches with injuries, xp & loot.UPDATE: Booted the game after having a hiatus of roughly one year. Game is still enjoyably challenging and mistakes are punishing so it's not for impatient or careless people.After you figure out strategies it gets kind of easy due to how you can exploit the weaknesses of the AI but multiplayer can solve that if you have friends to play with. Haven't looked for any random skirmishes so I wouldn't know if there's any community or not."
76561198012542168,Recommended,276810,18691905,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Breakdragon,"Very happy to see all the progress that has been made on this game in the past few months. The campaign system is a very welcome addition to the early access.No real bugs to report, other than the camera trying to smash itself off a wall when you're in a corner. I'm again, very pleased to see all the additions to the game and cannot wait for more content to come forth."
,Recommended,276810,18707721,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Centaur Gary Busey,"Xcom Ironman Mode Meets Darksouls. Defeat is frequent and brutal, but the exaltation of victory is glorious beyond measure!"
,Recommended,276810,18747735,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Capz,"Short pre release early access review.Since campaign update there is so much to do and leveling up your squad named after your best friend is just too cool, super many upgrades, skills and item to unlock/ find.The battle per day works logically and the start of the game does not get you overwhelmed, together with the tutorials, you will be playing soon. and with that a lot of hours sink in."
76561198055766867,Recommended,276810,13049000,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ser Yimi,REALY FUN GAME SO FAR!!!i am realy exited to see what they will do with future updates
76561198068261674,Recommended,276810,22977584,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,stevenparkesuk,"Nice strategy game. Steep learning curve, the hardest bit to learn is to not rely to on the RNG! It is pretty hard and you won't win every match. As long as you have a strategy for it, losing won't cripple you and you can have another crack at it. The game rewards strategy and punsihes long shots.My only real question is when will they do Necromunda, because that would have been a much better game."
76561198023445018,Recommended,276810,18953427,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,keanu1123,The game is great the mulitplayer isnt alive though. Still a really good game
,Recommended,276810,19097302,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Teelvade,"Decent game,Crashes at times but what did you expect from Early Access?The main problem is that WHEN you crash it counts as a loss in the game and since there is no save function at all (to stop people from saving during their turn and then loading when they know what the enemy will do/loses a unit) it leads to horrible damage to all your units and sometimes you have to start all over because half your warband died in a crash and the other half lost legs and arms (which is a ♥♥♥♥♥ if you want to use shields or bows) and you just dont have enough money to buy a new one.If you ever need to leave in the middle of a game you are ♥♥♥♥ed since leaving is always a loss and there isnt even an ""pause this ♥♥♥♥ing battle and just let me return to this exact same point in the game when i start it again"" function.The only safe time to leave is between missions and even then im scared.Another minor problem is that all skills cost a minimum of 100 gold to train (good ones cost 250) while a new level 0 unit costs 15 and all the things you sell (basic stuff which can be found in heaps all over the place) sells for 1-10 gold.Combine this with the fact that you have to pay around 5xNumber of units you own in salary after every mission and you might never get enough gold to get skills after a while.The campaign has only two missions at the time but they are hard as balls and require you to farm and level up all your characters and units (and all farm comes in either the same strength as your warband or stronger so there is no way to just farm lvl 1 slimes over and over until you get strong) to hope to survive them.Nonetheless with the customization tool, unique turn based strategy with first person control of all your units its worth the money for the entertainment and endless campaign.11/10 would play Khorne Sorcerer protected by his Slaneeshi tank, Nurglite Archer and Tzeenchian barbarian again."
76561198007496286,Recommended,276810,18229906,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SmileyCyrus,"I am gonna have to thumb this one up.  I am liking it.  I bought into the title and the positive reviews.    It is a great adapatation of Mordheim.This game just gets better and better.  The devs are very active tweaking, fixing, and adding stuff to the game.  Whether you play single player or multi-player, campaign, or exhibition or skirmish it is fun.Having a blast!  If you like the table top or other games in this genre, then you really can't go wrong here.Wait for a sale?  Sure, I paid full price and would do so again, no question."
,Recommended,276810,13029451,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mirage,"Very promising and reminds a lot of the old cult classic tabletop game. So far only 2 warbands, Skaven and human mercenaries, but they will add a lot more over time. Mechanics are fun, graphics and sounds are good. Overall a fun turnbased experience with a very interesting new take on action points, and how they work.Update: With the full release here and 4 warbands instead of two. They added Sisters of Sigmar, a hard-hitting band of religious nutcases Warhammer style as well as adding Cult of the Possessed, which is a Chaos warband, with all that that brings. Mutations, weird way of thinking and just plain barbarism.With over 100 hours logged, I have this to say: The game is very unforgiving, and at times extremely frustrating. Very long load times, which seems to be something the company can't fix because of how the game is built. it has a built in anti-rage quitter system, meaning if you quit during any mission or skirmish, it treats it as if the warband got routed and EVERY SINGLE WARRIOR in the fight will have to roll on the injury table to see if they suffer any injury or lose any equipment. This is very harsh, especially for single player where you don't really hurt anyone by abandoning a mission that goes really, really bad (considering the loss of one skilled warrior can set you back around 10 hours of game time). it doesn't help the AI is dumb as bricks, and pathfinding for large units really is an issue. More than once, I see them stuck by a door and just can't move.Still, even with its flaws this game is very addictive and I stand by my early access opinion, the game is great.2nd and last update: Loading times has been fixed, it now loads very fast. Gone from over a minute of loading time to around 15-20 seconds. (I use a SSD).They've added 2 new Warbands: The Witch Hunters, a warband of Witch Hunters (think the psychos from the witch hunts in Europes history) and their cohors: religious nutcases (Flagellants and Zealots). Their impressive unit is a very large human with the suiting profession of executioner. He likes to set his enemies on fire. While they're alive.The second new is Undead, set to be released tomorrow as I write this (the 25th of october 2016). I can't wait. Vampires. Zombies. Dregs. Necromancers. Crypt horros. Oh my."
76561198007523781,Recommended,276810,13468892,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Painstain,"I know that the game is being far from finished but so far I have to say: I love it! I love it a lot even though I didn't play the Table Top Game. The animations are really good, the setting (what I have seen so far) and the gameplay are nearly perfect. I especially like that the movement isn't restricted on hexfields. You can move your units around freely (as long as you have enough movement points of course). This way the player gets a sense of freedom yet the game doesn't lose its stratigic egde since the right positioning of the units is still vital.The only thing that bothered me a little is that right now the AI is too easy to beat. But I'm sure they're going to fix that. As soon as they implement the rest of the features we are all in for a hell of a good game that is going to entertain us for hours."
76561198006532636,Not Recommended,276810,20554359,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Modem,"This game is slow , poorly designed.Has many problems and is hard to even get going.must be the worst game i have ever bought for over $30not worth $5do not recommend this game whatsoeverYOUR BETTER BUYING VERMINTIDE"
76561197978418353,Recommended,276810,19437667,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,joardro,Great game love it:-) now i would like more warbands and a warhammer 40K version...
76561198035450956,Recommended,276810,19471401,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Emperor Hippie Fish,"This is alot of fun, very true to the feel of playing a table top game of mordhiem. I have been enjoying beating the computer AI senseless and am looking forward to doing some PVP missions now that I have figured out how to play. I really like that multiplayer is integrated right into the campaign. well done."
76561198005033755,Recommended,276810,19446886,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Gaudaloht,"I had a blast so far, 28 hours in, a lot of deep mechanics to grasp, loving leveling up my characters unlocking new ones, its a heavy game to learn but once you do you are going to have a blast if you like strategy (and warhammer) so far i only played chaos because i love mutations, controllers with kb and mouse are quite clunky, but im playing it with steam controller"
76561197993215416,Recommended,276810,18198363,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Loyalist,"Unforgiving and cruel, succeeding in this game is very satisfying. The possibility of permanent death or a debilitating injury adds flavor. has occasional bugs but remember that this is not yet a finished product."
76561197983666201,Recommended,276810,19486809,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dented Car,"So far, this has been a good game to play. I like the dark mood and the strategic and tactical elements of play.There are a few quirks, though, such as awkward deployment of warband members at start (why not use a point and click feature?), looking for and picking up small objects on the playable maps, and struggling with assigning warband attribute points when the miniature rotation arrows are placed next to assignment arrows.But what game is perfect?This is an enjoyable game if you are a fan of challenging turn-based strategy games."
76561198049913692,Recommended,276810,13086378,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mjolnir,"Although I never got to play Mordheim as a table top game I am still a massive fan of gamesworkshop in general. For an early access game I was expecting a tonne of game breaking bugs, 3 hours of playing and the only thing that came close to it was I had to restart the game because one of the AI glitched and started walking into a wall. Although I really enjoyed the game I wouldn't buy it unless you have a passion for these kinds of games at its current point in time. The only thing I dont really like is how long it takes to load, but ohh well you can't have everything."
76561198021793798,Recommended,276810,13023709,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,I can't believe you've done this,climbed up a small wall as a rat and fell. 10/10
76561198005632571,Recommended,276810,15677637,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Korner,"I've had great moments in this game, even though at the time of writing this review, the game is far from complete. But I can see myself playing this game, until it is complete and allows me to manage my troops through an evolutive process.Mordheim is a game in the spirit of the many Warhammer themed games that already exists. The World of Warhammer is a grim world where life has no value and everyone, from the greatest hero to the lowest of the low, can die in an instant. It shall be the same with your troops. They will get hurt, light and grave, they will die. You will loose your Champions, but if you play your cards right, you will prevail ... at least that's how I hope the game will shape up to be ... like its tabletop equivalent, up there with tabletop Bloodbowl !Edit: I have now come back to Mordheim: City of the Damned after its launch. This is the game I expected so this review remains positive ! I'll give you my pros and cons:PROS:- Turned based epic fights- Character progression coupled with injury/death system that can be ruthless if you really are unlucky (your favorite hero/leader might die or have permanent injuries each time they are put out of action ... of they might get lucky and miraculously recover) ... don't put all your eggs in the same basket and you might want to wait until your characters are better equipped before training them for this 200 gold skill ...- The maps are fun. There's a lot of terrain to cover and you'd best remember to manage movements tactically.- Warband progression is, overall, very slow but I consider this a pro since it rewards long term planning and strategy. Bad luck can really mess with your plans ... but we accept that as one of the reasons we play such a game in the first place.CONS:- Long loading times. I understand the scale of the map and that warband generation is a complicated process but ... I can't imagine people at minimum requirements not ending up losing patience.- Random numbers generation (dice rolls) is weird. This game gives us percentages but I feel like it rolls d4s in its tests. It's come to the point where I started rolling dice as I made my throws for a couple games, to compare and I wish I could play with dice ... they never gave me 6 misses in a row twice in a game on 84% chances to hit, my dice respect statistics a lot more than the game seems to be doing. I mention this only because I'm usually very good at risk assesment in such games but I'm now almost convinced I have to threat a 75% chance of success more like a 40% chance of success when taking decisions. Is that only me ?- The user interface and user experience could easily be vastly improved. Menus could be arranged differently so that there's no counter intuitive stuff such as a list of incoming events in the Mission Selection screen (there could be a ""general information"" menu for that and other informations spread around different menus). The ""Warband management"" menu where you pay for treatments and characters upkeep is a button just like other buttons. It could have its own menu or be a bit more evident, since it opens a menu which is different from the menus opened by other similar buttons in the same page. I'm sorry that I didn't bother suggesting that before the game was released.- A lot of randomness which you cannot influence. For example, sellswords and shop inventories. I don't dislike the current system, I just wish there was a way for me to have a way to influence those. At times, my progress was slowed or my warband subefficient simply because I couldn't find anything good in the shop or because available sellswords didn't fit what I needed (when I could afford them, sometimes I had kickass sellsword worth 40 gold !!! Other times, I have over priced leaders who really aren't worth the price they ask ...)- Hard to navigate the map, to gain knowledge about it to better strategize. Sometimes I wish I could get out of my characters' perspective to inspect something he can clearly see even if the range was limited (it would have to be). I always have so much trouble finding building entrances ...- I wish there were more different warbands to chose from. DLC !Overall, this is the game I hoped for with longer loading times. It is a challenging game, but also a rewarding game. Don't get frustrated at your losses, learn from them ... and if you lose again tell yourself you can't win them all. Bury your warband, remember them and start a new one.Good hunting amongst the damned !"
76561198014042802,Recommended,276810,23808012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tmist,Solid game play. feels like the board game. controls take some getting used to.
76561197960436285,Recommended,276810,13044896,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Genetic-Jackhammer,"Great game, way better than BloodBowl..  cant belive i spent money on a GW game.. Just show how good the game is.."
76561198006653754,Recommended,276810,13035305,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Brock,"Oh my god. I can play a tabletop game on my computer and its efficient because i dont have to make a BILLION rolls and know just as many rules.So basically, if you like the concept of tabletop games but are intimidated by all the little things required to play, this is your godsend."
76561198028912939,Not Recommended,276810,15338497,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,long_yu_sheng,"Lots of potential, but I can't reccomend a game based on potential only. Right now you can test the game with preset warbands but there is no campaign and no form of progression whatsoever. Progression is also not slated for the next major update. I'll pick this up again in a few patches when it's a bit more polished. The game currently is quite stable though I find the system of scrolling through abilities one at a time archaic, they should be hotkeyed 1-10 and placed on the bottom the the screen IMO. The map needs a zoom/scroll feature. Right now it is very hard to tell what's where on the map. A legend would also be nice. This game is still fairly early in development and as such I cannot currently reccomend it."
76561198006379928,Recommended,276810,29149310,Posted: 9 January,all,Narkh☢tic,"This game is great, if you know what to expect and how to play. First of all, its as much strategy as it is gambling (which makes it that much better- you gonna cheer every time that sigmar-♥♥♥♥♥♥ misses your poor ratkin on 10 hp and curse when you fall climbing 2 meter wall 3 times). All you realy have to do is learn how AI works and act accordingly. Few pointers:most important thing is your survival. Do not overextend, dont go alone. Read the mission scenarios.Alwyas place your warriors by yourself. Study map, plan where you want to defend yourself, dont treat green stuff as a priority- you get some even if you dont gather it if you win. Take advantage of choke points.Rest, you must figure out by yourself. Key is the attitude. Oh and dont get used to your first warband. Treat em as an experiment.Thats it! Great gambling-strategy, only civ5 beats it for me. Get it on sale and buy globadier expansion! well worth itEdit; There are two things that i'd really like to see in that game: more character customization options, and possibility to deploy your guys from tactical view. The last one would save so much time!"
,Recommended,276810,29648735,Posted: 2 February,all,Cisaro,"A truly wonderful game, if you're into the warhammer world than this is fantastic. If you ever played any of the specialist games this shall appeal to you. It is dense, difficult and gives a lot of freedom. If you ever played fire emblem then you'll understand the kind of pressure a turn based, tile stratergy game can create when you risk permantly losing units you are attached to.Honestly havent got this into an RPG and all the lovely stats and customisation since Oblivion and Morrowind.It's a very pretty game, some very slight issues with invisible walls from tiny raised curbs ect.The best thing about this game is that it's a succsess, and that means hopefully we can see more and better games like this.One con though, seriously please let us deploy like in Total War games, the deployment takes ages and when there are tons of spawns to choose from the a-d scrolling is just dire. ( There may be hotkeys i've not discovered however)PS. Dwarves next please ( slayers) kthxbye xxxx"
,Recommended,276810,14928463,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,kahmaltow,"Once out of early access, and all features added, will be awesome."
,Recommended,276810,13083725,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DraconicBlessing,"As someone who grew up playing the tabletop game, this is highly promising. Still Early-Access but I've thoroughly enjoyed playing through the tutorials and a couple of skirmishes. WIll probably hold off playing any more until the story cmapaigns or ongoing ""campaign mode"" are done."
76561198048121582,Recommended,276810,13140516,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dougal J,Played my first round as the Empire.What a game for an early access.Its simple and really nice looking. The atmosphere in the game really brings the world of warhammer alive.Looking forward to the updates allowing for more customization to units an warbands.Worth the buy.
76561197968705087,Recommended,276810,13026727,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[D.T.]Ears,"This is already a very good looking and surprisingly fluid game considering the Early Access status. I would urge anyone getting it now to get involved on the community hub because Rogue Factor are actually listening so together we can turn this solid base into the Mordheim game we want!Coupled with that, don't buy it if you want are expecting anything other than what they have described on the store page. It is not finished."
76561198010112891,Recommended,276810,13084308,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Swing,"Just like the Mordheim I knew and loved on the table over a decade ago, so far at least. Can't wait til my warbands can level up!"
,Recommended,276810,19173674,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jandri Risas,"Hi Mordheimers and filthy skaven folks like me.First of all, an advice: This game goes the oppositte of anything i´ve tried, so, don´t think what nice tactic you would use, think ""¿WHAT IS THE WORST THING THAT COULD HAPPEN?""... and then plan a tactic for that... :)Seriously, as a big old-school-hardcore-tabletop-player i think this game is worth playing, because of its difficulty, and its rawness. You can loot other players and even die without doing anything wrong? Prepare for banging your head against the monitor, because it would happen...At first, i thought that this game could be much better with an isometric view of xcom and the literal translation from the tabletop like bloodbowl... but I think that Rogue didn´t go for the easy, and they did a very good game.Still a few issues, but this is truly addictive and the developers made a huge leap since early access.You want to see your hands shaking? Praying to gods you don´t believe? Saying ""please miss"" involuntarily? And then cheering all by yourself shouting ""Yes, yes, ♥♥♥♥ you Sigmar scum!""? Well... this is your game then..."
,Recommended,276810,15406397,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,<===CHAOS===> Archaon,"As a pro gamer of rts, tactical, turn based and not that much of warhammer fan in mostly of my gaming time i say for the early access stage that this game is as campaign is added with real nice way inthe mordheim city, now it is worthy of getting it mainstream players. I have the game since the early stage and i didnt advise mainstream players to get it  back then so they  wontget bored of waiting butthistime is over, now its the time to let loose yourselves into this game which is  like xcom enemyunknown in style only Mordheim is way better, you dontget bored at all in fact it causes a lust for missions. It has many unique winning conditions and the game is unpredictable until it actually ends, crushing the oponent, epic comebacks, fight toe to toe are intheir full meaning. This game requires strategy and planning than unecessary level of micro. It has a good amount of maps and additional winning conditions adding to the main winning condition and also it will gave way more factions than those already in game it will never tire players by being a repeated action with different ""skin"". Its like reading a book which will be one of your favorite books even if you dislike literature and that book becomes a movie at cinema which wont let down your expectations. Great graphics and atmosphere combined with good gameplay. Its a kind of game you want to exist for each type of game. /NOW THE GAME IS READY ! GET IT WHEH YOU CAN !p.s. the chaos cultist models and leader look like g@1 persians better change the models."
76561197984892423,Recommended,276810,29785569,Posted: 8 February,all,Muscarine,"Gonna throw my thumbs inMordheim is a great game well worth its price and your time, although it will not necessarily fit all types of player profiles.Do not even try if you're the kind of players who build their entire strategy around the idea that percentage equals luck i.e ""i missed 5x 80% in a row CHEAT !"".If you do understand, on the other hand that the worst thing you can do in RNG games is to try your luck, and that you should instead build to mitigate bad outcomes, then by all means this game is a delight.If you just roll the dice you're bound to get lucky or unlucky, but that's the whole point with RNG games, don't try to get lucky.So you can reroll until everyone crits on the first round, or you can find one of the many strategies at your disposal that will work 95% of the time.You're going to spend a lot of time before your characters sheets brainstorming builds, synergies and party compositions, if you don't have the patience for it then you will get your booty spanked.To that effect i highly recommend you get comfortable using this build planner :http://www.pyrospace.co.uk/mordheim/considering the game itself doesn't give crucial informations it should have, in my opinion, such as basic important values like how many skill points can a unit have at cap.The very beginning of the game when all your recruits are fresh is extremely rough since there's no real synergie and you will have to rely on lucky rolls, but that's how it starts and after you begin piling up money and experience everything starts clicking together.There will be casualties.There will be mission failures.But your Warband stands and you can only move forward.Eventually you will grow more and more comfortable and aside from the occasionnal KO units, failure will become history.Mordheim does have issues : unintuitive UI, bugs creeping in at the worst time, a general feeling of lacking that last pass of polishing. The tutorials are very helpful but don't really cover every decisive mechanics.But it's gritty, unforgiving, and deeply satisfying.I have one real issue with the game overall, the way AI is handled put together with seldom punishing bad rolls successions.See, the AI doesn't really act like a Warband with a hive mind as yours will since you control everything, they're more like independant suicidal drones going in a bee line for any kill they can grab no matter if they get slaughtered in the process.This lack of refinement will sometimes lead to the demise of some of your units like a vessel sinking under the weight of countless kamikaze crashing themselves on it, one after another.While it can lead to some frustrating experiences it's not a real issue as long as you understand that the narrator doesn't ask ""Who among us will die today"" just to be cute.All in all a great addition to your library as long as you are a player made of iron, and don't really enjoy make believe sugar coated feel good designs."
,Recommended,276810,29638810,Posted: 1 February,all,vex,"I am both surprised and not surprised to find this game has mixed reviews. What's more surprising is that a lot of the negative reviews are from people familiar with the tabletop game it was adapted from.I was a big Mordheim fan in my teenage years despite not having much affection for Games Workshop's more popular products. I loved how it mixed role-playing, which I was a big fan of, and war games. It really felt like a tabletop XCOM.I hate to say that people nixing this game are playing it wrong, but they are. Your warband is not meant to be eternal. While I think it's a bit of a design hiccup to add a campaign mode, thus the illusion of progression, but the Mordheim I remember isn't about that. It's about seeing how far you can get before you run your warband into the ground. Once you've done that, you're meant to roll up the next warband.You're not meant to form any kind of bond or attachment to your individual actors. They're tools. In time, they will wear out and break. If you have the gold, you replace them with fresh tools. If you don't, you go out of business. It's that simple.And while there really isn't a lot of variety to the combat in the early stages of the game...generally it pays to bait the AI into an ambush then gang up on them before help arrives...I don't mind because that's generally how Mordheim always worked. Your individual fighters are so brittle and weak, and risking them can be very costly, combat is all about managing the risk/reward of individual engagements. It's about setting up kill zones to lure enemies into where your best assets are covered by henchmen and efficiently knocking enemies out of the fight.I only wish maps were either larger or the AI a little less aggressive so that it would be possible to grab more of the wyrdstone and treasure on the map. Unlike the tabletop game, most of your income comes from items collected during the mission rather than rewarded after the fact.In all, if you enjoy games like XCOM but want something a little more brutal that requires a bit more patience and time to learn, I wholeheartedly recommend Mordheim."
76561197991722289,Recommended,276810,13035309,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Guide,"This game has a lot of potential, but as a very early access title it's lacking a *lot* of content at the moment. The base combat system is easy enough to grasp (though the keyboard controls feel clunky at times) yet still hints at a lot of depth in gameplay. I'm really looking forward to seeing what they do with the single player campaign/warband progression.The game captures the world and atmosphere of Warhammer Fantasy quite well with good character and level models/textures. I did notice that a failed climb-down animation using a Sister parted her torso from her legs a bit and exposed the nothingness inside, but it's early access and that's only a small visual bug.The only gameplay bug I encountered was on the Temple of Sigmar map, skirmishing against AI and playing as the defender in the siege scenario. It took me a few turns to realise what was happening as I had no idea where the AI team was - they were trapped outside and didn't seem capable of getting in (which I think required climbing) so it would have been up to the defender to exit and engage the enemy.Given the newness I have no idea how good (or bad) the company is at updating and sticking to schedule etc., so can't comment on that yet. Looking forward to playing more as the updates come. The game is definitely worth keeping an eye on even if you're not interested in playing the early access (which I usually avoid, but I'm a fan of WHFB so I couldn't wait for this)."
76561197993238385,Recommended,276810,13243666,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TzarKazm,"This game has a terrific concept and is fun to play in it's current state, but it's still very limited. If you buy this, keep in mind it's early access."
,Recommended,276810,32326683,Posted: 10 June,all,Nobbynob,If you're the sort of person who plays XCOM games on the highest difficulty then you should definitely check this game out.If you're unwilling to accept losses -- i.e. the RNG goes against you and your favorite characters gets debilitating injuries or is outright toasted -- then you'd best stay away from this one.
,Not Recommended,276810,24802843,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Holly King,"Ridiculously difficult.  And by difficult, I really just mean the RNG system sucks.  I think it's just a bad mechanic at this point and doesn't have a place in modern vidya.  Missing three times in a row on a 75% chance to hit is not fun.Enemy difficulty also seems to scale very badly, and you can easily build your squad ""wrong.""  As in there's a ton of non-viable builds possible.  There's no point in that being a thing unless you're trying to actively make the game frustrating to the player and not fun.  Seems like pretty linear progression until you're just ♥♥♥♥ed and there's nothing you can do about it.Great artwork, interesting random map generator, good VO and music.  The factions are distinct and interesting despite 3/5 of them just being different groups of humans.I'm not obsessed enough with this game to ever beat it by doing a bunch of math and finding out what the system exploit strategies are.  I shouldn't have to.  Early on in a campaign it's really fun, but that enjoyment shouldn't drop off so dramatically as you progress and get further and further hindered by permanent debuffs, drained of funds and forced to take rush missions."
76561198037533093,Recommended,276810,19389426,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lawliet,"A solid game, it’s hard to get going on this one but once you build up your war band it gets a little easier. This game makes you want to look after your warriors due to the perma death/injury system every decision you make counts. After 60 hours of game play I can say I would defiantly recommend this game to fans of the warhammer universe.RNG is a huge part of this game I would be lying if I said it did not matter how lucky you are, you will find times when you are about it attack an enemy and all you will be thinking is please hit! Please hit! and…… Swing and a miss! But that’s the game if you can deal with stuff like that you will have a blast.Anyone who knows what this game is about or even reads up on it should know what they are letting themselves in for it is not a friendly game, but by god once you get into it you don’t want to let go.I play Skaven it was hard going at first but I love my little warband now, you can even customize the colouring of the armour I mainly use it so I know where my hero’s and leaders are, the weapon rarity and choice leave a little bit to be desired having only 3 tiers of weapon quality. Its fine but I could think of better ways to do it. (not going to go into it in a review) the stats system works well and is easy to understand, the single player campaign is all I have played since release and I can say it works well and is very fun the campaign missions are nice and add a lot more depth into the game.The voice actor for the Skaven campaign did a great job, I have not played multiplayer since the release but I did play it during early access, it is just as fun as the single player IMO, a little harder depending on your opponent.8.5/10 from me for this game."
76561197964866568,Recommended,276810,19392985,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Crusader_bin,"I was on the fence, wether to recommend this game or not. Something between Walkyria Chronicles and XCOM, in a dark fantasy setting. If you love the setting, that should be a no-brainer I think. For others... I just don't know.Than again, it may be about 6/10 for me score wise,but I wouldn't just say to stay out of it.It is, in fact, a good game, but with a ton of things that irritate me.First of all, the game is hard. Which is not a bad thing in itself. First time I ran the game, did the first tutorial,fully customized my first warband and... I died almost instantly.So I read some tips in the Internet and also armed with my previous experience... I created a new warband and never lost yet. The game has an AI that you can exploit easily. In fact, just playing it slow and carefully is enough for the AI to not know how to tackle you. It promotes slow movements and usage of the choke points. Anything else is just inviting the punishment it seems (though If someone says I'm not doing it right, I won't object, maybe I didn't figure out other tactics).After that, it eventually gets repetetive. Shipments feel much more of a chore than fun, but it seems that they are the one thing that forces you to try and explore the map in search of resources.On top of all of that, the game is slow. Yes, it is a turn based game, but it is not slow because you have to think much, it is slow because you click end of turn and wat... And you wait more than you play. And you wait while it loads. It might be not fair to judge the game based on such a thing like this, but in the end - it affects the satisfaction you get from the game.Visually... There are not many models to choose from. There are plenty of color skins though, so I am on the fence here. It's ok, but it could have been much better. I think that customization and sticking to your characters with their backstories is the huge strength of the game.I see the potential in this game. It could as well turn 6 to 8 out of 10 if it is going to be worked upon. Otherwise, hard to say."
76561198203396404,Recommended,276810,19351169,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Robalo,"Serious... if you like to suffer in a Good way, play this game. Your guys will die. Lose arms and legs. Eyes will go blind. Luck will abandon you  and you will curse Sigmar/chaos/Godammit rats. But at the end Your rat ogre will go on a rampage and kill 15 sisters of sigmar solo and you will love this game.Oh... and plz devs, put a option to use the mouse in the deploy screen."
76561198064630258,Recommended,276810,28550582,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,cthulhupuft,"I've thus far only played one of the factions as a warband, but I have to say I am impressed by this game. It's well thought out, the maps are solid, and I haven't found any issues to have concerns with. It is a time-sink of a game however, there's no such thing as a ""Quick round before work or bed""... but that's what their auto-save is for apparently.I'd highly recommend anyone who enjoyed the recent X-COM games to Mordheim. It plays a lot like it, except the camera is based on each individual character you're controlling, so it's more of an over-the-shoulder, fantasy based X-COM game model... if that makes sense."
76561198009390426,Not Recommended,276810,25448086,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Mr. Beast,"Very difficult right from the beginning. Slow turns while you sit and wait for the AI to move. Deployment in the game view rather than in birds-eye. Help boxes you can't turn off. The graphics are nice though, but it's a shame there is 0 variety on character models. This game still feels very unpolished to me.Overall: It's like a rougher, fantasy X-COM automatically set to Classic difficulty, but more frustrating and less fun."
76561197981332304,Recommended,276810,13022756,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,jonedog,I love it. They did a really good job designing the game.
76561198007099503,Recommended,276810,13382792,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,philip_mcdowell,"Lets keep it simple.....Step one:  Watch the videoStep two:  If you think you'll like it, the chances are you WILL!  Buy it!!"
76561198047491231,Recommended,276810,13230110,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,DemonicHate,"Hey guys and gals this will be my second review ever.Mordheim:City of the Damned.what can i say about it? well until recently i woudl say it was a good single player skirmish game against an AI opponent...as i said Until recently.Recently there has been an update that saw to a little bug that would cause the game to go into ( cue ominous movie trailer voice )INFINITE LOADING SCREEN. this had cause many people to avoid the online portion as fear of being stuck thinking it was loading.Now with the recent update it would appear that the bug has been seen to...but then again im only going off of 1 online match so far... >.>;;As of RIGHT now there are only 2 warbands available while you can fight against 2 other in the tutorials you cannot access them as playable or contestable AI.The 2 warbands are the Humans and the RatMan race known as the Skaven.These two warbands are rather entertaining in the EA build but i do feel some of the fun in making a warband isn't there because as of right now it is premade warbands.( this is just for E/A) ( i also hope that the types of units will be expanded upon later hopefully AR (After Release) if not the ability to buy specific units ( which will Definitely be added later on in the E/A) might make for interesting play.The city of Mordheim is a Dark Fantasy Locale. When I say dark i mean DARK.  im nor one hundred percent sure if it's implemented but when i have tried to use a daylight setting in my games it still feels like night ( i think it may have to do with the everlasting storm over Mordheim )there are some camera issues which are being adressed by the dev team. these issues, at least for me, mainly consist of the view going behind a wall and not being able to see your attacks.these are minro things that are being adressed.now you may ask then why bring them up? because i wanted to shwo you how in touch with the community this dev team is.lets get down to it then for you TL;DR peoplePros+Setting and atmosphere+ sound+ fun gameplay+ fun features to be executed at a later date+ Dev team that is in touch with the communitycons-Atmosphere can seem kind of stale ( when day and night don't appear, to me anyways, to be any different)-camera issues at current stage of E/A- E/A so not all features are availableSuggestion for youIf you wish to be part of a community that is iving feedback to the dev team and having their voices heard buy the game nowif you do not wish to have the E/A version hold off for a few months until it is farther along and purchase then..final suggestion...Purchase. this. game."
,Recommended,276810,31784337,Posted: 16 May,all,Mindrax,"Great game, brutal and hard to master but very fun anyway.If you don't rush it and take your time you will prevail.And make sure you buy the DLC, they are worth it.I got this pearl four days ago and i already got 50 hours in it :)Great turn based game if you are into the genre.More maps would be nice thou and more factions to battle or play."
,Recommended,276810,27638731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[IJN] Danshaku Nagano,"Pretty unforgiving, corrupt and decadent rng conversion of  tabletop game published by Games Workshop in 1999. Mercenary warbands from all over the warhammer world battle with one another for thewyrdstone..Did you hear theancient call of Kaos? I hear it..http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=763202890"
76561198127029759,Recommended,276810,15220792,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mitchell Moe,"This is a ton of fun! The game has factions true to the mordheim tabletop game and has great atmospere and gameplay. since  this is early access, expect a few bugs and glitches. The devs are great and I hope they add an elf faction soon.8.5/10"
,Recommended,276810,26426302,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,easterngames,"THE BEST PC GAMES YOU NEVER PLAYED (AND SHOULD) REVIEW SERIESOne the best games out there if you are into turn based games and or Warhammer fantasy world setting.The average person will get about 200 hours out of this game along with the DLC already available. And you will want the DLC. With witchunters, the smuggler, and the poison globe skaven being my favorites. Even if you dont buy the DLC's they will still show up in your game as enemies. So really its all free unless you want to play them yourself.This game is unforgiving and brutal. The learning curve will have you swearing and pulling out your hair. You can not manually save and if you screw up, your warband will pay for it in crippled or dead troops. You can manually cheat and save your games, but id suggest not as you risk corrupting the save file and losing it all. If you are used to save scumming and just taking back all your mistakes, then you will be rather annoyed with this game. AT least until you learn its generally ok to take a beating and unless you totally bite it three times in a row, then you can recover from a bad round or two.Some quick hints for new players:Keep your band together, dont try to one on one fight the enemies. Choose missions where your warband all starts around your wagon.Choose early on to what defense type you will use, being either dodge or parry type and seek out skills you can learn later on that allow you to use these defenses twice in a turn.Its ok to skip a day to let your team heal from injuries or train skills. Its not the end of the world to skip a day.Story missions are impossibly hard, well so it may seem. Make sure you are ready before diving in.This game has a good selection of warbands right now, but it really could use more. And hopefully there will be more ASAP. The table top version has so many options and in comparison the PC version feels a bit lacking. But 7 like the game has now is a decent enough selection of warbands. And they all have different play styles which makes it even better. But personally i wouldn't mind 14 of them, with each main warband re-skinned in a slightly different variant.The leveling system is addicting. The loot is just varied enough to be addicting, though i wish there were more to choose from on some warbands. Some warbands use rather specialized gear and it can be hard sometimes to find upgraded versions of it from all the random drops. The wolf priest being the prime example, i have never once found an upgraded version of his enhanced weapon of ulric.All in all this game will give you your monies worth. And hopefully in the future DLCs will up the ante even more. Its a total buy and if you find this game on sale and dont buy it, THEN SLAP YOURSELF! cause youre making a huge mistake not getting it.(also available on consoles if that is your thing)"
76561198002911957,Recommended,276810,29861453,Posted: 11 February,all,LORD OF THE HARVEST,"As I dig this wyrd tick from my skin with the tip of my rusty dagger, I ponder why I traveled to Mordheim in the first place...nearly everyone I traveled with to this blasted city has died or disappeared. The weather is nearly as tempermental as the food and I've faced horrors I never wish to speak of or think of again.It seems whenever we strike a find of wyrsdstone or long lost gear, we lose someone to some thing. It is completely unfair...We hired an ogre once, Four-Tooth Tubbygut. We thought things would ge easier...we were wrong. The blasted bellower just attracted worse things. I remember that day well, I lost an eye and Heinrech...lost his life and let me tell you, losing a man while you're staring down the blood red, dead, eyes of a vampire is something you quickly won't forget.Sure, Ace McTwirlystache may make a shot that cripples one of those vile mutants allowing you and the gang to cease its diabolical existence but those moments seem to be so few and far inbetween. Everytime I look up to our leader Maximillion I realize it's Hubert Steinbor-...no wait it's Von Drakham, no wait it's someone fresh.Ha! Fresh blood in Mordheim, the only constant...again I ask myself why I first agreed to sign up for this damned company. Gold? Glory? Riches?Now that I think about it...I remember exactly why I signed up for this.*Thus ends the ramblings of Emrich the peg legged, one eyed, one armed wyrdstone gatherer*To the point. This is a brutal game. It is unforgiving and the odds are stacked against you. I would say this is less of a ""RNG game"" than it is a ""how you adjust and react to a problematic situations"". I say this simply because you will be faced with many rough situations.It's similar to Valkyria Chronicles with movement and the actions use a action point system in a sense as well. Many who jump into the game never come back because it's tough, it has a steep learning curve but just remember the Warband is what matters.Do not get attached to characters. They. Will. Die. They will get maimed and nigh useless. You will be forced into making decisions where their is no ""good"" outcome but ""which is less worse"".The warbands, and their are 6, play differently and have a different feel. Weapons balance is wonderful because a daggr can be just as useful, if not more so, than a halbred. A bow better than a handgun, it is up to you to figure out when it is best to use a certain weapon as well as how to build a character around a certain weapon. This game requires you to laugh when things go bad and to learn so you lower the chance of making the same mistake again (because honestly you will make that same mistake again).The story missions, which each warband has their own, are tough and should be tackled after you spend a decent amount of time learning the basics and gearing your warband out. They aren't amazingly done and honestly, they can be quite frustrating but they do break up the normal gameplay of warband fights and wyrdstone hunting.The AI is adequate and even though they do one of the largest pet peeves I have with video games (artificial difficulty by giving the AI stat buffs, depending upon the difficulty) it's fun. The AI matches its warband to yours, so if you bring a big guy they do, if you don't they don't. This way you can't rest on your heels with an all decked out warband, the opposing warband will always be a threat.Ultimately, the game has some flaws but I believe it is a game worth playing for a certain type of gamer. One that tackles a challenge expecting to learn something. Those who go in as an underdog who appreciates when they make a 30% hit 2 times in a row. Those willing to take chances for a big payout, at the cost of possibly suffering complete failure.As with most games, I recommend getting it on sale."
76561198006807384,Not Recommended,276810,20207643,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,FatZomby,"Call this more for a first impressions review as I played 10-15 missions.Negatives:Game needs more storyline added to it.Needs more races to fight against.Needs more race (warband) choices for players to play.Graphics or okish.Tutorial depth is very much needed as info provided lacks.More options for appearance needs to be added.Needs different style of maps included.  Feels relatively the same running between 2-3 maps.  Maps are randomized terrain settings, but still feel the same.Needs more weapon options.Could use more scenarios!Positives:Turn based.  I do like turn based games more than most other styles.Relatively easy to navigate when upgrading/building your warband.  Only takes a little bit of looking and fumbling about to figure or remember it.I do like the idea of randomized terrain, but not at the expense of less maps in which to do it on.Overall, this game should have stayed in beta until they added depth to it.  As it stands right now, there isn't much for appearance options, races, missions, storyline, and maps in which you fight on.Haven't really tried out the pvp as the visual on the game and the options that are available don't seem very appealing or varied enough to make anything unique to your warband.  So i didn't bother with it.At best, for me, it is a game I will or may play every once in a great while.  I mostly play storyline games so I can be partially biased. However, such games as Blood Bowl I do play because of the pvp aspect. Might have to try pvp out and hope the matchmaking doesn't take long.As of right now though, there just isn't enough in this game to keep and hold my interest for long with a lack of...well...everything I guess."
76561197993268419,Not Recommended,276810,20249973,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Crom,Game is garbage. Only way they can make this crape hard is make your guys miss miss miss miss all day long. Then have all your troop F up and days out of use. Or they loss a eye or leg or arm and F them up more so you miss miss miss more. Its a wast of time game as it is now.
,Not Recommended,276810,20118716,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Brenn,"I love this game when I can play it fluidly.  The level load times are what they are, and I can live with them.  However if you play more than 4 or 5 missions in a row you can end up with animation load times that are so long (1+ minutes) that rather than slit your wrists, you kill the process, which penalizes your current warband.  I was also playing with a friend, encountered a bug where the game never came out of an ambush and one of us was forced to forfeit- which penalized the 'offending' party's warband.  This should not be a full release game.Do not buy this until they get it into a state that is worthy of a full release.  As far as I'm concerned this should still be pre-release."
76561198013330682,Not Recommended,276810,19772879,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Mighty,"This has been masked as a 'hardcore' experience and that 'difficult is good' but that poorly considered term is so inappropriate for a game governed by dice.  It is simply issued as a means to excuse an appallingly negligent hi-lo RNG that is geared simply for that - you will fail an abundance of reasonable rolls because this lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥programming has been PR'd as hardcore.  ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more like.Too many issues that still need fixing and I mean from the ground up, ambush, overwatch, dodge, placement etc etc (even picking up wierdstone, which is kind of currency, it auto selects to pick up the smallest quantity first, when there are more than one in your area.  COME ON!).With a game with such a small catchment bracket, (I had never heard of this and bought it because I like the Dawn of War series) its further expansion from its original hardcore fans would require it to be successful in the combat, strategy stakes.  It fails so badly with one of the worst RNGs I think I've seen and that's after a recent RNG 'revamp'!!!3/10  and that is only because the baroque scenery and sound effects are, admittedly, very good but that's of little consolation.20.12.16  I have given this game a really good go and I'd take a refund in a heatbeat.  I wouldn't listen to any of the gaming review websites who have given this a score over 5, they either haven't played it, are drunk in the workplace or are the worst kind of chums.  This is ♥♥♥♥ing dire and is uninstalled (slap to the face).  A real shame as the underlying concept looks to be pretty good.  GW do this for a living, not sure if Rogue Fuctor can be accused of doing the same.10.02.16 Tried it again, after the recent patch and I take it all back. This game is a game of a winner. Winners who should offer a refund. I will grudgingly accept.  Seriously give me a ♥♥♥♥ing refund, you♥♥♥♥♥♥programmers.18.02.16  Tried it again, again, after apparently another rng tweak after some amateurish programming started killing saved games.  One plus before I get into it - the map has improved and although it's not for most I like the unique method (if you zoom in, you can tell the levels you are looking for for a shooting point etc).Now, giving the opposition lesser weapons is not an rng tweak it's just lazy amateur ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, built by a business that put all it's accumulative intellect into the business name.  One glaring problem from the very start is that when you fail an All Alone test,  you will run and get chopped down, when the AI fails they skip a turn.  Just so laughably♥♥♥♥♥♥  Everything I've said already about this farce holds true.  This game is dead in the water and the programmers have nobody but themselves to blame.  I've a feeling it's only going to get worse for them, silly little people.They've even brought out DLC for this s#hit.  Talk about delusions of grandeur.Make a game people willl want to play, make sure it works, make sure it isn't a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, give it difficulty levels so that people can play at their own pace, give it saved game so people can reload instead of having to restart and give it an ironman setting (although Xcom is still too buggy for that and this is far, far worse).  Don't, DON'T♥♥♥♥♥♥on the punters' tents and tell them it's raining with this hardcore ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, when you're too ♥♥♥♥ing lazy to put a decent RNG together.  If you can do the above then you may last.  If you can't - find another ♥♥♥♥ing job, one that you're actually good at and give me a ♥♥♥♥ing refund so I can get this♥♥♥♥♥♥off my library.I'm seeing a lot of flaky RNGs of late (this, the god awful Shadowrun series and Blackguards), all TBS and all being simularly criticised for just♥♥♥♥♥♥poor RNGs.  Is there a market to buy RNGs so you don't have to dev them yourself?If so then these 'devs' really need to check what they're buying because such poor RNGs and subsequently poor games (as the RNG is the most important component of a TBS, where relevant) can kill a studio, before it's even got off the ground.That said, ♥♥♥♥-whit Home interactive have published far too many♥♥♥♥♥♥games.  One wonders if they have an agenda of publishing really♥♥♥♥♥♥games.  If so, then their business model is working out well.  Too many ♥♥♥♥-whits about.  Will have to see about this.09/09/16  OMGG.  This is how amateurish Rogue Fuctor is?Now I know why no saves or difficulty levels were incorporated into this game.  They have no multiplayer support!!  They attempted to convert a TT game that relies on gang warfare for the streets of Mordheim, where each player's warband tries to topple the current top-dog and take turf from all-comers.The most interesting part of the game and they're not able to actualise it.  Instead they have a farcical  mish-mash, where players grind they're warbands against a ♥♥♥♥ed AI and can use said warband to have one-off skirmishes, with no context or attachment for the players.Wow, you guys are dire.  Would still take a refund.One wonders if ♥♥♥♥-whit Home Interactive and GW are such a negligent bunch of ♥♥♥♥s that they throw their projects to the cheapest possible company, regardless of their capacity to make a competent, let alone good game."
76561198010892916,Not Recommended,276810,20195979,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soldier,"Here is a list of reasons:Please note, I do enjoy this game, but with the current price it just isn't worth it. If you really want it, wait for a sale. Please note that this game is till being updated, so in the future you could buy it, after bug fixes and the game is more nicely ironed out. (Also note that this review may quickly become outdated. The bugs and other things I complained about may have been fixed.The game can be quite glitchy, for instance, one time one of my warriors randomly fell through a floor (Which by the way should not happen) and was stuck underneath a building for the entire game. There are many other glitches as well.The game is quite unbalanced, the skaven, for instance, are very unbalanced, instead of adapting the board games way of balancing it they decided to change it. See, the skaven in the board game are very weak and dull, but they come in great numbers. In the game however, they are very strong and almost impossible to hit. They have little health, but hit stronger than the sisters of sigmar, and your lucky to hit them.Oh yeah, and the game is based entirely on chance.I also feel that some of the impressives should be stronger, specifically the Sisters of Sigmars impressive. She's pathetic. I got into a map and I saw a skaven players rat ogre. So, I charged her at it because it was exposed and there were no skaven near by. Then she missed all of her attacks, and was killed in two turns by the rat ogre with help from another skaven who ran across the entire map, because, oh right, the skaven are also incredibly fast.If you want to win multiplayer battles, just play as the skaven!Just to clarify, I like this game, but it should still be in early access. This game is just so broken and needs lots of fixes and patches. The price tag is ridiculous considering how broken this game is, if it were in early access it could be excused. But I can't let this game escape from my talons. So I will say again, FIX THE GAME. (And lower the price.)"
76561198031737048,Not Recommended,276810,26553731,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Tommytools,"The computer cheats, obviously and often. Rolls are heavily weighted towards the AI, with players missing 80% hit chances 5 times in a row and the AI hitting 60% chances every single time. I particularly hate it when a single hit would finish off a surrounded enemy, but you miss with 4-5 blows because the AI cheats (then it passes its all alone test and proceeds to hammer my sisters).I have no problem with the permadeath/wounds. I love how every warband tells a story as you play (usually a grim one), but I expect a fighting chance, not this blatant cheating by the AI."
,Recommended,276810,29764286,Posted: 7 February,all,Wilson [MG],"One of the best turn-based strategy games available, and definitely one of the better games licensed by Games Workshop in recent years."
76561198021737212,Not Recommended,276810,20304612,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Silent Sir,"After starting and constantly re-starting campaign after campaign, using all four warbands, it's safe to say that whoever coded the RNG in this game has a hard-on for making gamers rage out.Look, I get it. Games should be difficult, they need to be, otherwise they get boring. Darkest Dungeon, another RNG game, has a very steep learning curve and it is difficult. However, this game makes DD look like a walk through a spring meadow. I've had battles where the enemy crits every hit, and can kill each of my henchmen with one roll through. Say what you want about the game already having been nerfed, but ♥♥♥♥ that. Re-code the AI so that's it's more balanced, and less unforgiving to new players. Sure, ratchet up the difficultly later on, but dont expect us to give you a positive review when you're dropping AI on us that can kill us in three turns. ♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVS."
,Recommended,276810,19242218,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Saifon,"Create New WarbandGo fight some SkavensMiss every single hit with 80%+ chanceDie horribly to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ratmen11/10, will rage again"
76561197971499663,Recommended,276810,26677489,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ex-PFC Wintergreen,"Originally the Warhammer Fantasy equivalent of Necromunda, the miniatures game came out in late 1999 if I remember correctly. It is a skirmish game based on gang warfare in the ruins of the doomed city of Mordheim.All of the basic bands from the core rulebook (Human mercenaries, Skaven, Cult of the Damned and Sisters of Sigmar) are represented in the game, and the rest (Witch Hunters and Undead at this moment, more probably coming in the future) are being released gradually as DLC. The look and feel of the tabletop game are well adapted, without the inconvenience (some may not view it this way) of having to modify the miniatures when some of your warriors inevitably get mutilated or mutated by a wounds/mutation dice roll, or without having to keep an extensive array of scenery in the closet to prevent the games from becoming boring brawls.Also, the tabletop's ruleset has been well adapted, better than the original IMHO, as it allows for greater granularity and slightly reduces the luck factor from the original (and the power differences a single point in a stat could imply in the tabletop game, but I'm talking from old memories). Graphics are more than good enough for their purpose and don't have huge requirements.Regarding the gameplay, it fits the grimdark atmosphere of the source material - you hire a bunch of mercenaries to set up your band, and go fight other bands in the ruins of the city for a few fistfuls of wyrdstone, which is fantasy plutonium. Playing the full tutorial is recommended in order to understand all the nuances of the tactical part of the game and the band management part of the game, or you will probably lose hard early on. In line with the grimness (and the darkness) every time a critical strike is landed on someone, or someone is knocked out, a roll is made after the battle and there's a chance that character will end up maimed (this happens to the NPC bands too, and when you encounter them again you will be able to notice the effects of your handiwork on their bodies and minds). Some people get lucky and make a full recovery (or you can get a bunch of one-eyed guys with PTSD or mangled hands - most of the time not all at once). If your guys get knocked out, your enemy can steal their gear, and if you lose a battle you don't even get a booby prize - winner takes all. It's a hard life out there in Mordheim.If you ever wanted to reenact ""Acción Mutante"" in a ruined medieval city, play this game. And if you don't get what the hell I'm talking about, go watch ""Acción Mutante"". You'll enjoy it too.In short, buy this game. Buy it for your friends, too."
,Not Recommended,276810,20212647,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,taelengar,"Can be really fun, but without the ability to save the game I really can't recommend it."
76561198038785130,Recommended,276810,19758430,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Noytron,"I have enjoyed this game since early access so to me this game has only gotten better but i'll break it down into positive / negative things there are to look out for so you can decide on your own if you would consider the same things positive / negative.Negative:- Still has some optimization to do- There is a chance you will find an invisible wall or an invisible wall will be created because of something in the map- Has a relatively high learning curve if you have not played anything like this before which can be overwhelming and may need to be taken in more than 1 session.- Has no multiplayer unless you find a friend to set it up with or get very lucky some random person around your warbands lvl is looking for a game.- A total of 4 races -> humans, Chaos, Skaven and Sisters of sigmar is a big issue for some even though i once again am fine with this number since i don't jump between races a lot.- Most common complaint i can think of is the variation in missions (all missions are optional. Main objective is always to beat the opponents warband or make them rout before you lose or rout)-> Wyrdstone Rush where you collect typically 45% - 60% of the wyrdstone in the map to complete the OPTIONAL      objective-> Marked for death where you have certain targets from the other warband normally between 1 and 3 specific people you need to kill and take an insigna from-> Crush their will where you are tasked with retrieving the opponents idol and bring it back to your own cartI completely understand why some people would consider this a too small amount of missions even though i am completely fine with them.Positive:- They have done a great job at making your warband feel like they matter giving you that classic fear of someone getting killed or sustaining a permanent injure like an arm or a leg that has been severed.- The insane number of different abilities both passive and active you can gain through the lvl up system- The ability to equip your mercenaries with different weapons and armor to suit your playstyle not to mention the rarity difference from common to epic quality- The depth they have put into the lvling. You are able to lvl up your warband, your mercenaries and give them stat ups, the different wyrdstone collecters and you can in a way lvl up the game with their veteran system.Some of these make very little difference but make a nice surprise sometimes while others will be looked at as a goal to obtain after 1 - 2 missionsSummary:I think the game has things to work on and i completely understand some of the concerns some might have but the most importent thing to me is the fact that the game runs well and provides a lot of things to do when you are not on a mission and a great tactical experience when you are in a mission.It is very easy to look at the game at first and think of it as unforgiving and very hard but once you get the hang of it the game becomes very interesting and i will absolutely recommend this game."
76561197963640978,Recommended,276810,24978610,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Fernando Solo,"Is it a good game? Depends what your looking for.If you looking for cassual, turnbased strategy game this isn't it.If your looking for gritty, unforgiving game that cuts of your head and takes dump in your windpipe this is it.Game itself is far from flawless, many places its clunky, tutorials are wanting, and some obvious mechanics and information is obscure at best. The maps, and gameplay can get repetitive too, would have liked to see alot more customisation options for the warriors, alot more maps and alot more variation in armor and weapon skins. Also more diffrent scenarios would not go amiss, instead just routing your opponent... as only starting positions and conditions change.The story campaing is atmospheric as is the game as whole. Also the fact that the game MAKES you learn stuff to be successfull instead of patting your head even when in defeat for ""giving your best"", instead of everything you got. Constant strategic aye and positioning is needed to win even the most ""normal"" missions... that is unless enemies bug in walls, carts etc. and you can just pick em off at range. Difficulty really is unforgiving as losing a key member of a team will hurt early and destroy you later game, but there is no more rewarding feeling when you manage to flawlesly execute a mission, twice so when your about to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you and you manage to still win the mission by mixture of gritt, skill and pure bleeding luck.Clunky, unpolished and lacking in some aspects as it is I like it never the less.Its all fun and games until your ogre loses an arm."
76561197997771830,Not Recommended,276810,28964244,Posted: 2 January,all,archon989,"My review of Mordheim: City of the DamnedI believe a rating system of 1-5 would be better than the binary yes/no Steam uses.  Overall I would rate this game somwhere near 2.5.  Since there is not, I would have to not recommend this game.The pros and cons:Pros:Immersive worldGood musicWarhammerGame-to-game advancementCons:Based mostly on randomnessShallow gameplayPoor balanceTo summarize, Mordheim is a squad-based game in which you complete missions to varying degrees of success in order to loot the remains of the city of Mordheim.  The game feels fairly tabletop-ish with most mechanics based on measures and die-rolls.  There is an advancement and permanent-ish injury system which leads to unique gameplay situations.  Overall I found all this as appealing, particularly considering this is set in the Warhammer universe.  Going game-to-game and playing for not just the moment but the next several as well in a post-apocalyptic warhammer world.Why I cannot recommend this game, however, is disappointing.  There are 6 factions available right now including DLC.  Considering the majority of missions revolve around one side retreating, these factions are not close to balanced.  The game has a definite hierarchy of concerning the difficulty of factions.  At the top, the easiest and therefore toughest factions are the Sisters of Sigmar and the Undead.  Slow but physically dominant factions.  In a rough order following those 2 are the Skaven, Human Mercenaries, Witch Hunters, and Cult of the Possessed.  Worse now, is that there are minimal differences between each of them as the game progress.All factions consist of 1 leader, 3 hero options, 1 prestige class, and 2 henchmen.  All classes have their own attributes, proficiences (which dictate gear), spells, and somewhat different skills.  Skills are mostly shared across all classes and are based on statistics.  Attributes are capped based on class but not that significantly.  Spells are the most significant difference between classes as either you have access to Divine or Arcane or neither.  The combination of these 4 facets differentiate classes.  This means that through advancement most classes can match others.  I find this rather undesirable as a caster can be as proficient physically as most melee classes.  This lends itself to the Sisters and Cult being rather better in the longer-game.  I have the Cult lower mostly because they start as the whipping boys that you are glad to see as your opponent early in campaigns.  Not to mention the fact that the devs somehow thought that giving the Sisters a normal-sized prestige class was somehow balanced.I bought the game on significant sale which made it mostly worth.  Hopefully further content will be released which expands upon variety.  I wouldn't spend more than $20 on it as it currently stands.  I feel most people looking for a challenge will end up at the same point I am at.  The game is either too easy or unskillfully difficult which leads to boredom."
76561198073328826,Recommended,276810,31079792,Posted: 11 April,all,captainthorrek,"Mordheim: City of the Damned is a great game based off Games Workshop's Tabletop skirmish game.  If you're looking for a direct translation, this is not the game for you.  If you want a great tactical skirmish and management game, this should be on your wishlist.The important part is to keep both sides of the game in balance: tactical and management.  Your Warband can quickly find itself out of money if you lose matches, or get your Warband members skills without a cushion.  Adding Wyrdstone shipments to the mix, and you have an adequate representation of life in Mordheim.  It may not be true to the game, but it has Mordheim's spirit down.While playing against the AI is fun, it's even better when you are playing against a human opponent... although one might be hard to come by at tmes.  You can do both with the same game, switching back and forth as your friends hop on, or playing against the computer to get that last bit of Wyrdstone in before the shipment's late (miss three and the game's over).There is one piece of advice before playing against human opponents: get used to playing against the computer first.  The game is frustrating when you start out, as you don't know the lay of the land that well.  True to its namesake, Mordheim is merciless when someone doesn't know the layout of each map as well as their opponent.  You will find yourself flanked, and a great skirmish game will find itself shelved.Manage your Troops.  Manage your Gold.  Manage your Time.  Manage your Temper.  Do all these things, and you might survive Mordheim... for a while."
,Not Recommended,276810,30733700,Posted: 25 March,all,Putin Stronk,"This game has been in a number of states over its development but at the moment is still poor in many of the base mechanics and now is unbalanced. I've played a fair amount of tabletop and this is nothing like it, a brave move but one that i think didn't pay off. In tabletop you fight the battles and then afterwards did the exploration phse for wyrdstone. The game combines the two, this sucks as 1. the exploration phase was one of the best parts of mordheim and 2. It feels every time you go looking for wyrdstone you run in to someone else's warband making it feel like there's a warband in every house, not a deserted city. The mechanics have a lot of problems as well. First of all guessing measurements, AI getting stuck on doors and a number of other problems with the janky movement suggest to me at least a rough grid system would've helped massively. The map design doesn't help one bit with plenty of bits for the AI to derp around on and design that can leave each warband just wandering around collecting bits for several turns with no reason to fight and slowing down a system that drags on anyway. The recent addition of undead and witch hunters have unbalanced the game significantly. WH are fine but the undead are massivley unbalanced (dregs were designed in tabletop to help exploration and not much else where as here they're equvilent of merc champions) Zombies have a ridiculously high initiative and the same pace as regular humans. The vampires themselves could do with a buff however as again they only really have the same stats as a human captain, a bit disappointing for whats supposed to be a supernatural killing machine.Overall I as a long time fan of Mordheim am very disappointed with this game and while its fun for a while frustration at the issues sets in. I'm still hopefull they might iron this out and it has come a long way from the early days but all in all still not a good game quite yet"
,Not Recommended,276810,21507280,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,KaioShin,"I really want to love this game, but I just can't in good conscious recommend it to anyone. There are too many issues.In case you aren't aware, Mordheim is based on a skirmish tabletop by Games Workshop, though as I understand it it doesn't use the original game's rules. The adaption is a turn based strategy game in a really dark fantasy setting where you build and manage a warband. You recruit heroes and henchmen and slowly build them up by surviving randomly generated missions. There are permanent consequences anywhere, from permanent injuries after dying to downright permadeath. There is a constant race against time too since you need to deliver a ressource in time that you can gather during missions every few ingame weeks. If you manage to do it the timer is reset, but if you don't the whole game is lost. Losing too many people permanently and not being able to go to missions to gather the ressource does in essence also lose you the game permanently. This doesn't happen after 3 or 4 hours by the way, this will become a problem after 20 or 30 hours.It would all be fine if it would all be down to your skill as a player, but there is a TON of reliance on RNG in this game. If facing permanent debilitations because of things completely outside your control is something that bothers you, dear god stay away from this game.But it wasn't what made me quit playing ultimately (no I didn't ragequit after losing the game). What kills it is the slowness. There is a ton of waiting for enemy actions during missions and slow animations that can't be skipped or sped up. Also, the story missions are absolutely terribly designed. They are on maps that are confusing as heck with totally unclear mission directions. And they take forever. The first try you are almost guaranteed to lose until you figure out what the mission is even about. They are just a complete drag and no fun at all. After 20 hours of building my warband, seeing the forth mission of the sisterhood and thinking that I will have to face more of that♥♥♥♥♥♥after 20 more hours I just lost all energy and motivation.Thanks but no thanks, there are games that are simply more fun than this."
76561198035893605,Not Recommended,276810,34922643,Posted: 13 September,all,deornwulf,"The game design sets players up for failure. Enemy warbands have infinite resources and have no need to scavenge or collect wyrdstones, allowing the computer to operate under different tactics than the resource limited player. You are given the choice of immediately going on the defensive to attempt to destroy the enemy and miss out on collecting vital resources or vainly attempt to run around collecting stuff only to watch your warband be destroyed, one by one.The game definitely does NOT put the player on a level playing field with the computer opponents."
76561198130714472,Not Recommended,276810,33733282,Posted: 22 July,all,nherron831,"Pros:Turn based version of the Witcher if your into that sort of thing.The huge degree of specialization enables you to build teams to fit your styleWatching your characters modify over time via injuries (usually a really bad thing) forces you to adapt and adjust your style, making matchups a bit more interesting.Cons:The terrain in this game is laughably poorly constructed, making it nearly impossible to use the terrain advantage. I lost one match because the two leaders were fighting, and the angle prevented my hero from joining in combat against their leader, enabling him to kill my leader, and wipe me out.The triggers for ambushes are very poorly designed, but computers can ""Trap"" you into an ambush. I placed my character in an ambush outside a doorway, and the AI walked right past it, and set up an ""ambush"" right next to my character, ensuring i would be attacked next turn.The movement mechanism in this game tethers your units to multiple nodes in your walking trail, rather than checking the radius from your origin point. This makes it literally impossible to maximize your units mobility, while the AI is free to run the full gamut, and ensure maximal position advantage.AI take forever to make their moves. This make each game take forever to progress through, and there's no payoff for waiting through it when you lose.Ultimately, these issues make the game unwieldy, random, and slow. For hardcore fans of these chess-like xcom games, it might be worth the 10 bucks, but they lost my vote."
76561198080130087,Recommended,276810,13783571,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Duelviper25,I think this is an EXCELLENT soon to be game if they have character development like bloodbowl or even plain DnD with shop based weponry and theiving from online and single player fights this is starting to look like my favorite game of 2015/16 p.s; im praying to see ORcs N gobbos or the shadow warriors(elves) soon
76561198017029341,Recommended,276810,13838317,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,GreatmasterB,Great warhammer game.
76561198038896333,Recommended,276810,13839139,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,KingKoontz,"If you have even a moderate interest in tabletop war games or any tactical squad level combat game get this at once! One problem I've had (especially when playing similar factions against each other) is determining who's an enemy from a distance. Also an overlay map ala Diablo would be nice to quickly determine enemy/friend proximity. The current overview is okay, but I don't know how many times I've run in the wrong direction due to it being somewhat confusing.The 3D modeling is great but would it be possible to not have all of the combat in that mode?Climbing and jumping are also difficult as falling accurs far too frequently. These are supposed to be warriors and my grandma can climb and jump better.All in all it's still in early access but shows awesome promise. After perfecting this game the devs should go on to do the rest of Games Workshop games proud!"
,Recommended,276810,13411372,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Commissar Sae,"While it is currently still in need of a lot of polish, the game is nevertheless a lot of fun and has a lot of promise. If you are a fan of Mordheim and the warhammer world, then do look into it. If you are stil on the fence however I would suggest waiting until the game either has more content or is completed, since it is currently quite limited."
76561198040681968,Recommended,276810,13427201,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bigdaveishere,"Still an early access game, it displays huge promise I hope it continues to develope into the game it has potential to be. Faithful to the feel of the original Mordheim game, however at this stage warband customisation still needs improvement.If the RPG element improves this game will be exceptional"
76561197995790596,Recommended,276810,13451533,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,urza,Great game
76561198023837728,Recommended,276810,13343167,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,joodog,This game is coming along really nice with bugs here and there.Anyone thta has played the table top game will really like playing this one.
76561197976975311,Recommended,276810,13356380,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Etienne,"GW skirmish game translated to video game by the guy who made xcom ? yes please ! I love the original Mordheim  and i loved xcom and this game is looking great so far. The warbands have to right look and character. The tactical and strategic play work well. When they add warband management, customization and perma deaths it will be even better. Fans of the tabletop game , xcom or turn based strategy in general should give this game a look."
76561198008325273,Recommended,276810,13359405,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kardinal81,Great adaptation showing a lot of promise in the early access period. With some great choke points on the maps and having to pay attention to climb points or get flanked this really could be the strategy game that keeps you craving more. Great work guys and thanks to the Dev team on this one! You have a new fan!
,Recommended,276810,13368483,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ImperialWolf,"Even with only 3 playable warbands this game has more polish and mechanics that represent the tabletop game well. Unlike some other Skirmish games ... (Warmachine). The price is set well, I am confident that this game will be completed as planned. Cannot wait for more warband."
,Recommended,276810,13256698,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,theNoize,"This is Great, This is Awsome, it actualy is a table top game, turn based, actual GW game!  its just the animated version of the original game, I for one can not wait till this game go's gold. If you are a GW fan , then this is one of the games you have been waiting for.  As of this post it is 'Early Access Game' so there are camera angle bugs, but dose play and feel like the real thing. *looks excited* the campain mode is alot of fun, and the perma death , and injeries, make this a real challange! its epic midevil gang RPG, simulater! its the GW 'Warhamer' RPG board game come to life. It is clear the DEV's care, and are putting there heart and soul into this game, I recomend that you buy and play it now even in ealy access! totaly worth it!!! two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,276810,13227134,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,smartbombradio,"While it's an EA and very early on the combat is fun, interesting, and tactical. The graphics are great, and it's very stable on my machine. Right now just two races to play, but it's got a pretty deep ruleset.The best part is the devs are good about communication on the forums - that's ALWAYS a good sign in an EA.It's early, and it's pricey, so I won't be sure for a few months... but I think this one will go the distance and be a winner, if you like deep tactical games.I'm in, I don't care if you buy it."
76561197993616900,Recommended,276810,13540544,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,gwackmung,"really fun already, so looking forward to it being really good when its actually finished or even beta stage.   Very atmospheric and has a tun of warhammer feel to it.   Makes me really want to play a necromunda version but ill be happy with this if they include gobos and some other clans.   just played a skirmish with the sisters of sigmar vs skaven and i must say even at this stage the skaven look awesome running at you down an foggy alley with 2 glowing swords drawn.   Also bashing a ratogre to the ground with the hammer of sigmar is great (especially after failing to climb a wall 3 times in a row)."
76561198039026688,Recommended,276810,13326493,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Max Hereticus,"Old School Mordheim player here... looks to be shaping up really good, This ones might just become an instant classic in my book... Great Adaption so far."
,Recommended,276810,13331524,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Mirrormask,Loving the game so far. Made a first look video for it as wellhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gD_xdhqtlY
76561198045791906,Recommended,276810,13332300,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,brycecollins,"A good look and good feel for fans of Mordheim (and Necromunda). The best part is not being able to see your oponents moves (or them seeing your moves) until your character visually see the action; Fog of War. So you need to use strategy and the terrain to your advantage. Try to get the first shots off to give yourself the best chance of victory. I can't wait until they add character experience, upkeep, and permananent injury and death. .... and Possessed."
76561198006501189,Recommended,276810,13333014,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Queengoth Sparklebitch,"Ive only played about an hour of the game but im a huge warhammer fan for years and years.I think most if not all fans of the tabletop game Mordheim or Necromunda and players of games like Jagged alliance, Might and magic heroes, Age of wonders, Conquistador and the like will enjoy this game immensely.Its still in a early stage of development but i think it shows nothing but promise and remains loyal to the world its based upon in everyway possible."
76561198029620911,Recommended,276810,13335995,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CaptainSalmon54,"Awesome. Played the miniatures game and this is just like it. Bought it on release and even though it has 'flaws' (which is what you'd expect) you can see how fantastic this is going to be. The developers seem to be very dedicated to getting this running, with plenty of options to tweak, very quickly. Soon as something is spotted they get a fix quicker than I can check for it.So far worth every penny - this was a early xmas present!"
76561198007521037,Recommended,276810,13283008,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Elcielo,awesome potential
76561198023238266,Recommended,276810,14321388,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gwynn Bleid,So far it looks amazing. I can't wait for the full version. Great job guys.
76561198016589416,Recommended,276810,13089032,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,fothers1977,"Loving this so far,  though the solo against computer seems a little easy at times....And as the guys from Rogue factor have  so far made a great looking game of Mordheim.....I want to know when you guys are going to get around to making NECROMUNDA.....love fantasy but need my SCI-FI ganger fix!"
76561198055746797,Recommended,276810,13094469,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,battinator,Really enjoying the game. Looks and feels just like the original. The design of the characters and maps really takes me back to playing the table top game. As does characters failing to leap gaps or climb walls. Can't wait for the finished product.
,Recommended,276810,13096400,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,f4ction,"Still very early days, so if you want a complete game hold off, however the core mechanics are here and the developers are (at the moment) interacting with the community well.Once custom warbands are patched in, looting etc, this game will most certainly be worth it."
76561198135783461,Recommended,276810,13129951,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,abrentwalker,"Oh God. . . all the potential!!!!!First of all, the environment in this game is absolutely fabulous. It feels like a hand-crafted tabletop set, with plenty of places to climb and hide and seek.There are its issues, because it is early access. I'm part of the early access because I want to contribute to the forums to make sure this game turns out right. At the moment the figures, compositions, and setting are A+, the best♥♥♥♥♥♥Ive seen Games Workshop ever do with converting content to a videogame. However, I have yet to experience the fulfillment of real diversity in the characters you command and in-game events (such as coming across a neutral demon you can manipulate into attacking your enemies.)If they take it up a step or two to include more dynamics with the individual characters on each team, This game could be revolutionary towards the conversion of tabletop games to PC. If they include a map editor, I will get a game-rection."
76561198078899417,Recommended,276810,13130841,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,*slight terror*,"This game, though still in early access, is very fun to play. But there are some problems, like being able to attack through walls, and if a Unit is backed in a corner and Disengages, the Unit goes through the wall and disappears stalling the game."
,Recommended,276810,13132593,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,"Great game so far, I hope, HOPE this game becomes something. It has a vary unique game play style, there isnt much there in terms of game play at the moment, so you might want to wait a few months if you want to game for longer that 30 min to an hour but this is showing what its going to be, and I must say, I like it.I hope Rogue Factor takes this new project all the way, we are seeing a lot of Early Access games on steam become just that, an Early Access Game and nothing more.I'll give the game another shot in a few months once there is a bit more content."
76561197996180551,Recommended,276810,13151942,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Muffinman147,Fantastic adaptation of a Classic tabletop game
76561198019427231,Recommended,276810,13179287,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,iron-warriors,The game follows the the speaclist board game exactly making it really enjoyable cant wait for the full game
,Recommended,276810,13061332,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,uncleistvan,I recommend this game to all players of the Mordheim or Necromunda tabletop game. However there is not really a point in buying it during the early access phase. It is merely a demo of what is to come.
76561197974182260,Recommended,276810,14542646,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,FangN,iam enjoying it but i would enjoy it alot more with character progression and weapon collecting and stuff like that
76561198019732536,Recommended,276810,19204525,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Apocalypse_Dude,"As an old-school tabletop mordheim player I was curious but full of doubt when I first saw this game. But after release, playing a couple of hours I find it immensly fun, true to the tabletop roots the game has and can just recommend to try it.I still think ranged weapons need a buff and miss several of my favorite warbands but will continue to enjoy this game for hours upon hours"
76561197968454757,Recommended,276810,13064000,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,the_real_kaliber_1,"Mordheim is like wine : The 1rst time you try it you might not understand all the flavor and might not like it. But the more you taste it the more you love it! Mordheim is simple and complexe, Mordheim is great!In short : GREAT GAME! this is not the table top Mordheim you may know but as a game its greath. You get the same motivation and comitment from playing it then the real deal. I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,276810,18815628,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,nightfighter17,"I purchased the early access game on Halloween after reading some pretty great sounding reviews. Just a little bit of background I don't write reviews on video games EVER as I haven't found any that stand out to me enough to warrant a review (please note I'm 21 and have been gaming since I was about 6). I am a fan of strategy games such as xcom, civ 5, galactic civ, Dawn of War 1 & 2. Mordheim as an early access game has already managed to push them out of my mind. It is challenging but not ridiculously like dark souls (which is important as at that level of challenging the game is no longer fun). I find myself attached to the characters on my team and worrying way more than I should about my characters surviving.The things I love about this game- Warband team style play offers customization for play style ergo you can use 1 hand weapons, 2 hand weapons, archers, magic all to your play style- 2 resources gold and wyrdstones which can make for some extra complexity as you have to ensure you have enough of both otherwise you'll tick someone off (not enough gold and you can't pay for treatments or pay your soldiers not enough wyrdstones and you won't be able to make your quota to your employer)- Have yet to find any really overpowered units. using 1 hand weapons for example you lose damage if you compare it to a 2 hand weapon but you gain dodge chance or you can equip a shield and be able to parry.- Magic abilities have the chance to backfire or curse characters as you use it so you can't train your mage up to be as ***kicker and use him to kill the whole enemy team (atleast from what I've seen so far).- It's only early access which means they are actually looking at reviews and bugs and game suggestions and actually fixing them and modifying the game so it can only go up from here!Things that I feel should be addressed- I say addressed as it's in early access still so most of these are just things that need to be tweaked as they're still working on the game.- the percentages for tasks appear a little skewed to me. what I mean is I'll have a 75 percent chance to hit someone I'll attack them 4 times and miss all 4 times. This get's a little irritating when you have your havy hitter who has a big 2 handed weapons that does but loads of damage but can only attack once per turn and he constantly misses. Or when you are trying to climb a wall and you have a 70 percent chance and you use all of your moves falling and injuring your character who is wearing cloth armor and is an archer (near killed him doing this).If you ask me archers are a little underpowered making them reload was a good check and balance however they do very little damage and can only attack once per turn (keep in mind they're just hitting the first skill point for me so I may be able to upgrade them down the road to be better)Ergo just off of the campaign to the first act this game is awesome! I haven't even touched the multiplayer yet!"
,Recommended,276810,18817296,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Feeth,"It's harsh, addictive and all consuming. It flies true to the tabletop for the most part and the developer engagement and patch releases make a mess of AAA developers. I love this game, I love the variances in warbandsI love that my leader for one warband now walks on a peg leg.I love how awful the RNG can be sometimes.But what I love most is that the warband feels like its mine. I felt genuine saddness when my maxed out Sister Superior of my first warband lost an eye, then died the very next match.Just buy it."
76561198088483226,Recommended,276810,18898218,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Lord Danger,"Great game, but there are some things i really hate.1. Characters will have to make all alone checks even though there are friendly characters 2 ft. away from other friendly characters.2. stupidity checks from skull fractures completely destroys a chrarcter's usefullness. my warlock has a 14 intellegence, is lucky to pass a stupidity check 20% of the time. tone down the difficulty of the checks.3. exiting the game causes the match to be a rout and all of your characters take injuries. ive had it where i had to exit the game because the game crashed and when i turned it back on, 3 of my guys had missing arms. i shouldnt be punished for having to turn off the game. i realize that the devs dont want players to exit the game when their warband is being beat, but there are better ways. XCOM EU had the ironman mode. the game would save whenever a action is completed. that way players couldnt just go back and redo past actions.4. Blue items get lost on characters way too often. i beat a warband decisively and only had 1 casualty. the captain comes back without injury BUT somewhere along the lines, he lost his blue shield, sword and helmet. thats insane. blue items seem to get lost more than white items. maybe its just me overreacting, but those blue items are insanely useful when it comes to fighting stronger warbands or doing story missions. losing them with the frequency as I have can have terrible effects in the long run. i dont want there to be no chance of dropping them, just a little lower chance of it. maybe add in a perk that makes it impossible (or extremely unlikely) for them to drop a designated item?5. Not being ablr to leap across a gap because there is a enemy 1 story below you. i dont think this was intentional. probably just a glitch.I really REALLY like the game, but its a really frustrating game. A lot of it comes from the RNG, but thats just the nature of the game. i really hope that the devs listen to the players and tweak the game for the better."
76561198052070012,Recommended,276810,18894023,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Drelldragon,"At this stage of its development, I have to say I am thoroughly enjoying the game, the graphics are great and I think the city itself is quite atmospheric.  Navigation takes a little practice, but after a while any awkwardness sort of fits the twisted nature of the place.  Gameplay is good, game speed needs refining but I am sure the developers will iron things out as they continually make well thought out improvements.  Really impressed so far and am happy to have parted with my cash.  Character development is also fun - you may find that the peg leg, one eyed survivor of many a nightmarish encounter will still be in your team long after he may have wanted to retire.....I think this is worth a blast, but be prepared to have plenty of time to complete some of the main campaign missions as no saves in game (at least that I could find) mean a long session unless you want to force your team to retreat in order to turn the computer off and get on with real life!"
,Recommended,276810,18891051,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BrewmasterBolas,Funny and hair-pulling hard!
,Recommended,276810,18919903,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Surmoi,"A very good adaptation of the tabletop game! Can't stop playing, managing your warband is too addictive...Let's hope it gets successful and we see a Necromunda and/or Gorkamorka following up :)"
76561198075127748,Recommended,276810,18922856,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,RandomUsernameKitten,"I was enjoying my adventures through the Damned City for a while, having hired and trained up a pair of Warlocks from youth while leading a human warband, because their lightning strikes are dazzling.It was the first time a man went down in a while, as one of the mages got downed early on in a recent encounter with Sigmar by an unlucky stun, while the other blew himself up in an unavoidable spell backfire effect known only as Tzeentch's Wrath, causing him to lose consciousness instantly, in the same encounter as the first. Although my Ogre and leader pushed back the Sisters of Sigmar, I feared I would have to gather wyrdstone without the Warlocks for a while, but they both ended up with mental scars... Megalomania, meaning they could not cast spells ever again. An unrecoverable psychological illness, they might as well have died in the service of the empire, so I sent them into an early retirement.Making matters worse, this could be the end of my warband. With a pressing wyrdstone shipment deadline and not enough good men left to survive an encounter with the wandering demons, recovering resources to hire good men is out of the question while I muster up the courage to drag inexperienced henchmen into battle, training them up from scratch.This story is why Mordheim has potential -- I cannot wait to lead other bands of warriors into battle, but I would like to bring a medic for long-term treatment of the most insidious afflictions."
76561198011858121,Recommended,276810,18924018,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Naeadr,"I really want to like this game, but damn this game is tough. Game gave me some early wins, but then decided to pull the carpet from under me. Went with 4 straight losses due to what can only be luck. Once fight was a 3 vs 1 he made every single all-alone test and then proceeded to kill 2 of the three. At the end of the night my 7 man crew was down 4 heavily hurt members because multiple injuries were the roll of choice. Such a cool game but even with decent strategy the amount of dodging that the AI got over my own crew was unbalanced to say the least."
76561198026536603,Recommended,276810,13058131,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Igor,9/10
,Recommended,276810,13058809,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sanguinem,"Okay, so playing the game offline, in tutorials and the like, the game is pretty awesome - I am suprised this wasn't made by Games Workshop themselves. So far, after 2 attempts, multiplayer matches seem to end up stuck in a permenant loading screen (it's not that frustrating if I'm honest, it's a pretty nice loading screen), but I'm sure this will be fixed rather soon - the game is still in early access as I type this. Right now I'll be sticking to the offline part of the game, but I don't find it boring at all."
76561197983629233,Recommended,276810,13060827,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Steely_D89,"So far the game seems quite good. Graphics and atmosphere are great and the gameplay seems good. Once the other warbands are released, the campaign comes out and the rest of the content is released I think this game is going to be very, very good.Multiplayer is a little light right now and the AI for CPU skirmishes is pretty dumb, but this period is more about testing out what is available and getting the mechanics locked down. The tutorials are pretty in-depth and set you up pretty well for what's available/to come.I look forward to further updates."
,Recommended,276810,13029817,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Space Monkey,"Played a few hours, really enjoying it, even though there are only two factions and just one play mode, skirmish, a single game instance, I find myself wanting to have just one more game.Really looking forward to more factions and especially having carried over injuries to the team members.I have a feeling that there will be some DLC to pay for after release, but that seems to be the way of things now.Recommended if you enjoy Fantasy Table Top games."
76561198006533071,Recommended,276810,13032124,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Hard Boiled Egg,"Can't wait for the rest of the features to be added. Its a great tribute to a great tabletop game, gameplay style reminds me of x-com but with a more interesting movement and attack dynamic that gets rid of the square/hex system seen in so many other turn based games.I have only found one bug so far in this early access stage with the fat ogre dude getting stuck in a door frame while trying to ambush something. Was funny to watch for a bit, but had to reboot game so he could get his backside out of that space.There is no career progression or looting active just yet, but without it the game already feels like it has great depth.TIP: Play the tutorials to get a chance to play as Chaos Warband and Sisters of Sigmar too"
76561197975722425,Recommended,276810,13035877,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,vladdevlor,"This game is awesome, if you have any interest at all in GW skirmish games (Necromunda/Mordheim/Gorkamorka) do yourself a favour pick this up. With the expectation its Alpha and being worked upon, you will enjoy it for sure."
,Recommended,276810,13037455,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Veldrik,"Very good so far, and its only the first early access.If you are Mordheim fan, then this is something to add to your inventory.In the long run, even if they stuff it up, its still Mordheim - a town where everything stuffs up - so join in now and tag along for the ride!Two thumbs up."
76561198061480429,Recommended,276810,13038016,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,true_strike,"Excellent quality game, true to the original board game... One to watch as it can only get better and is already awesome.Good to play for any role-playing fan, but even more brilliantly cunning if you are a fan of GamesWorkshop's fantasy products. True to life, entertaining and typically grim-dark."
,Recommended,276810,13038259,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DeusVulture,It's only going to keep getting better. Looking forward to future updates.
76561198098249607,Recommended,276810,13041051,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ben_white_87,What an awesome game! Only on pre-alpha and already addicted. :D cant wait for future cleanup :D
76561197970410136,Recommended,276810,13041260,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,seraphimkai,"Played for 6 hours messing around with the maps and the two current warbands. I was never a big fan of Mordheim on the table top. I liked the grand battles of 40k, and then Warmachine, but since Infinity and Malifaux (and now Relic Knights), i've given skrimish games a second look.The game it self plays nicely, even if you can't invert the mouse?! The two warbands are enjoyable to play, something satisfying about a Rat Ogre smashing someone over the head. As it stands the only way to win at the moment is to force the other warband to rout, but the list of future up dates is very promising.I am looking forward to the progression of my warband and the collection of loot."
,Recommended,276810,13064152,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ookla,"As a fan of the tabletop game and the Warhammer fantasty setting, I am highly impressed. Aside from that, this is a great tactical squad combat game. Really looking forward to the full game."
76561198006719226,Recommended,276810,13068480,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,accipitor,"Game mechanics are a lot of fun already, can't wait for them to add more!"
,Recommended,276810,13071234,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Aluroth,"Pretty good early access, i recommend a hotseat mode in full release!  Also i assume that you will later be able to buy your own team points system wise? and also possible customization options"
76561198005179411,Recommended,276810,13071365,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,TheHogMaster,always been a fan of warhammer for thirty 30 years (old gamer) and at long last i can play my favorite army SKAVEN omg love em .Still alpha but heh its still a very good game even at this early stage
76561198006125695,Recommended,276810,13030645,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,PointBlank,"First impressions are Good, Also  very enjoyable to play even at this Alpha stageLooking forward to final release."
76561198006452170,Recommended,276810,13030849,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Balorn,"Very good for an early access game. Even the tutorials are engaging, allowing you to playout the scenario after it has finished holding your hand. Some way to rotate the camera in map view would be good, maybe it is there by I did not find it. Looking forward to the campaign mode."
,Recommended,276810,13030916,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Guido,"Very promising for an early release, although the AI is easy to beat now because it doesn't use its ranged units yet.I'd love to see some kind of overview map, it's hard to keep track of your units position at the moment."
,Recommended,276810,13031161,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,The Waffle Duke,Very solid ground work for a game with great potential.
,Recommended,276810,13028533,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,<BPG>Kharmakazi,Wow just WOW this is shaping up to be a great game i cant wait to see it released in its finished state. So far the game has recreated the Mordheim tabletop game pretty well if you were a fan of the tabletop version or any tabletop game i suggest giving this a try.
,Recommended,276810,14321749,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,-=CG=- | Whyone513 |,As a HUGE fan of the original table top game... I am really excited about how this game is coming along.  As soon as I saw this on steam I had to buy it to support the making of this game.  Having seen it develop so far... only leads me to be more excited.  They seem to be adding in every old element of the tabletop game and adding a few more.  I can only hope that it keeps on it's current track and stays true to the Mordheim I grew up playing.  Really guys... thank you for breathing life back into this game.
76561198209992896,Recommended,276810,14524453,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,cscott0521,"I am really enjoying this game! It is an accurate re-creation of the table top game I use to enjoy.THE GOOD-Unit movement is really simple. Exploring the maps is easy and backing up when you make an error is not an impossible task.- Units seem varied and that lends unique character to each warband.THE BAD-Wish there was a simple command list. I walking through the tutorials it can be hard to remember all of the keystrokes to do everything. If there was a function key that listed all of the commands, that would be very helpful.-The overhead view of the maps is sometimes confusing. Sometimes the map breaks up. I cannot tell which figure is my active one or which way he is facing. I have yet to figure out it there is a ""north"" orientation. This, combined with the facing issue sometimes makes orienting on the map difficult.-Load times are crazy long (but worth the wait).Overall I am pleased, but I really hope the map difficulties get worked out for players to really bring in new blood.BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!"
,Recommended,276810,14760864,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Nab Gabbler,"Although i haven't gotten much hours out of this game yet, i can safely say it has great potential.I'm not particularly into WH (i dabbled as a kid) but after playing for an hour or so i was surprised how enthusiastic i got. Don't know if it's because i'm on a turn-based bender at the moment, but there are definitely elements in this game already that make it great. Definitely reccommend but bear in mind its early access.Love the idea of developing your warband, so hope that future updates carry on making this fantasy game fantastic. PEACE."
76561198161240692,Recommended,276810,14846964,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,acmcbride85,really good cant wait for the whole game
,Recommended,276810,14441791,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,[AiF] I am Seancho,"(Early Beta Opinion) So far I've enjoyed what I've played, it's still early so not all the bells and whistles are there. Having played the Table top game and this, It's a good representiation of that. The same company is doing the Blood Bowl games and understands  the core concept of Games Workshop games and takes great care to follow that. Looking forward to a completed game.Basic concept:you build a warband to enter the infest evil crawling town of Mordheim after a WarpStone comet hit there. a few different game modes take place.warbands range from Humans, skaven, chaos and more.take out your opponent with no mercy because none will be given to you.units grow and become stronger just as much as they are crippled or killed.See that guy over there? leveled him up huh? well too bad he died.do you have what it takes or are you a scared little wimp?"
76561198003498842,Recommended,276810,18459567,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,liveDeraD,"i dont get,i had old asus,installed game,was so slow(from the menu)  now i got alienware 17 and its still same,like im playing gta 5 on pentium 4....after all updates,game works great and its good game!"
76561198034065656,Recommended,276810,21266860,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,findorian,"Very well done, it reflects the tabletop game very accurately, not in exactly statistics but in the dread sense of always being in the verge of ruin and disaster, no matter how good things are going."
76561198045411585,Recommended,276810,20721347,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,sparker627,"So when I started out in this game I thought that maybe the naysayers had it right as it seemed ludicrously difficult, but 33 hours in and I love it.  It took me seven warbands to even get out of the blocks but that is becasue it is a learning experience.  Now I've got the hang of how to bring my squad together and focussing on preparing the battle ground that I want I can make pretty good progress.  That said it is still not a case of rinse and repeat.  If I make a mistake I get punished, and severley.  Yes the RNG can be punitive but it cuts both ways - Hero caught out in the open about to get mashed by a leader and hero from the enemy and then my lowly archer on the roof gets a stun on both bad guys in same round.  Without RNG that could never happen - I think the game gives you more extreme highs and lows as a result but I kind of like that.My biggest problem so far is that I cannot for the life of me see how I will ever amass enough cash to be able to skill up - got tons of skill points available but never have any money to be able to apply them.  Maybe it will get better in time.  Always seem to end up in combat very quickly and get a rout before I collect a fraction of the loot.I don't know the table top game or the Lore surrounding it but I hope we get DLC where I can have Greenskin and Ork warbands.  On warbands I should add that I'm not wild about the warband representations.  I've got a chaos crew who I think look the best of the bunch.  Think the Mercenaries (particularly the starting Hero unit) look like they'd fall over if you sneezed on them and why are there now mixed gender groupings?  Got to be boys or girls.That said it's got me hooked so thumbs up."
76561198013776165,Recommended,276810,21040620,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DragonBlade,"Im loving this game so far. I have not had any of the issues that were detailed in the negative reviews, in fact I almost passed this one by becuase of the reviews. As far as I can remember back playing the tabletop version , this is just about spot on in returning that experience to me, and alot of great memories of bringing my then early teen son into the hobby. That first warband you create , use it to learn the basics, but do not get attached. Now ive got a Reiklander band and a Possesed Band and they are life takers! The only problem im having is that the urge to keep tweeking and playing my warbands is all consuming , and I have to force myself to take breaks from the game. Take the time to make the adjustments in the options to suit you and have fun ! Im playing on a HP Pavillion laptop that I got a week ago, with no issues . I purchased the two DLC heros and the smuggler is in my  Reiklander warband the "" Red Blades"". She is a badass! And often saves the day despite twice having Brain damage from combat (one of which times she had an arrow stuck in her head while still fighting, the second occurrence being when she wandered too far at my request, and got jumped by the Sisters of Sigmar, luckily I got her some help in time ) Ive yet to make a Skaven band to use the Globadier with, also Globadiers can work for possesed warbands as well. The smuggler can work for the Sisters of Sigmar likewise. To the Devs, thanks for a great game!  I look forward to the upcomming warbands !"
76561198023708343,Recommended,276810,20423769,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Pizza_Man,"Based on the board game, this is a really nice game !Tactic and patience are fundamental keys of only match that you do , without them you can probably lose the match with consequences on the warband !There are four warbands but i hope for next DLC with new warbands, mordheim has more choices, however each team is different.If you like to play with brain and a lot of statistics , buff ,debuff and gestion of your team, you have to try this game :)Multiplayer works better like campaign , for me it's a hardcore game , i like it ."
76561198065292893,Recommended,276810,21581214,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Onde_Bent,"Great game - especially if you like turnbased strategy and/or warhammer universe.the atmosphere is pretty dark and sometimes I wish the setting would vary a bit, but i think the gameplay holds.You may read in some reviews that the loading times are horribly long - they fixed that in a patch en late january (I think) cutting of half the loading time.The game is pretty brutal - no loading and no doovers, but it's made in a way where even though  some of your favorite soldiers, they don't necissarily die. I think this adds to the game.The game may be a bit monotomous, but I find it to be a lot of fun."
76561198059319101,Recommended,276810,22005665,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Daddy Kon,"After playing this game for a long, long time I feel I can finally give it a review. Well, I'll start by saying, it is addictive. The devs do not spare you from death. Of course, you can get off easy by losing an arm or leg, but that's the game.I've been looking fowared to a good, Turn-Based strategy game for a long time and I can honestly say, this is it.Thank you."
76561197971208698,Recommended,276810,26560804,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Drarz,"Someone finally nailed tabletop gaming.If you played Modheim on the tabletop. Or Warhammer FB/40k. Or D&D. Or any other tactical miniature game on the table you recall hours spend crafting the perfect hero, squad, army. You had dream of how it would perform on the table, visions of fantasy glory. But often the game itself would get bogged down in rules and pitched battles would take hours to complete.The Mordheim successfully captures the enthrawling character/army building process and then pairs it with a very engaging, fluid combat system. You can build, fight, die, and build again several times in one evening. The mechanics are intuitive and easy to grasp but deeply tactical with enough RNG to harken back to those days around the table when a brilliant plan went spectacularly bad or a horrible idea went astonishingly good.I would love to see more races and more units, though there is a very healthy selection of themes, tactics, and strategies available now. And I would love to see a support tournament and league mode, which would further recreate our collective tabletop experience.The bottom line is this: late at night, after my family is asleep and my adult responsibilities are done, I can load up this game and push minis across the most beautiful city of the damned ever assembled. No organization, no preplanned event nights, no massive amount of money and time invested in collecting and painting. How perfect is that?"
76561198042779835,Recommended,276810,24767929,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Bulldog,Turned-based strategy game. Read the tutorials and save yourself the frustration. Great game!
76561198039222800,Recommended,276810,25621529,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kingts,"I am sure with 100's of reviews you can get a good feel playing a Workshop Videos if this game is for you. It is a board tactical turn based games with a lot to like and a lot not to like. It will infuriate you and challenge you, and rewards great strategy and knowing when to equip the right items. However, since failure is deadly in this game, especially in story campaign, many will give up, especially the novice or inter. player in that their hard work doesn't pay off. You count on luck, not skill, especially early in the game.If you adore strategy games, turn base games, there is a lot graphically to like, but I caution the cons.PROSA: Like X-com wonderful camera perspective in this game. It is in your face graphics and terrific action finishing sequencesB: Simple puzzle solving and map planningC: PC controller friendly with instant switching from mouse to controllerD: Nice customization, terrific factions which I am sure more DLC factions to come, the dead and knights, and fun skills and abilities to matchE: Fun storymodes for all factionsCONS and there are a bunchA: The lack of save kills your replayablity-Your faction continues like it or not. You don't get do overs. You will get death, dismemberment and cruel ailments if you fall. Now inter. and expert gamers may love this, but novice gamers, may not. Really up to your style. A novice player will get extremely frustrated because he will feel unrewarded for properly distributing skills, armors and positioning. It is all dice rolls.B: It is simple Stratego Flag positioning, Rock, Paper, Scissors and luck. Have 95% and higher hit rates and miss which gauls me to no end.C: One of my biggest issues is armors are useless, because of Armor Penetration, swords rule and again not rewarded at all for armors. They are adjusting this somewhat, but swords still rule.D: Heavy Weapons which can do so much damage, have too many negatives to warrant use. For example, you can have this mighty hammer and have an initiative penalty, tire and get just destroyed by dual weaponry with high initiative, agility and armor penetration, no sense.  Attacking 2-3 times will nullify heavy armored units. Heck with 2 times, wait till u fight bosses that hit u endlessly you having 95% dodge. That BS I quit moment.E: Early your range members are awful.F:  The game needed more complextion in its choices, A Diplomacy section, Proper Medical Section where u can interact and have strategic value to it, strategized goals or have great scenes of resolvement to the character you invested in. In faction character interactions, treason, more inventive skill chocies etc. Adding more player choices, would have enhanced the core or rock, paper, scissors. It honors the board game but it is stuck in that mechanic. Game lacked in game depth.G: Another killer is the objectives in missions are pointless in any battle. Collecting material mid battle is a waste since all you have to do is let them collect them and kill them to get the goals. See? makes no sense. However, player vs player different story.H: Skirmishes PVP, can get one sided quickly. Novice players may feel inferior at times.OVERALL: I can only give my take on it. I would wait as I did till Mordheim is less that 10 bucks and try it. I got it a 75% it's not worth it at full price. There is a wonderful beginners tutorial in workshop and if you wanted to try it. If you love Mordheim, that is great. Nothing I will say will change your mind. I found the battles to get too redundant, and even as the party grows, it is all gang up warfare. I do think this game will be improved upon in either another version or additions. It is possible they add some missing mechanics and elements, but don't hold your breath. Also follow the system requirements, lower older machines may not handle the game well. Mordheim is a good start. So some love hate here.MY SCORE: 3 of 5 stars-passing."
,Recommended,276810,25826356,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Drathnar1,"EDIT (26/10/16): A good number of the issues/bugs mentioned below have been fixed with the latest Patch 9, thus enabling the player to continue the game smoothly. Here I would once again like to thank the devs who responded in a timely manner and were able to put out a well constructed fix. As it was never my original intent to malign well designed turn based games if they do not suffer from lethal bugs, I am happy to flip this review to Recommended as Mordheim did provide me with many hours of suspenseful challenge and fun, in particular the story campaign missions.P/S - I got a message that flipping the review would erase ratings and would just like to note for the record that before this flip 9/20 found it helpful>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>This a really intriguing tactical game with good depth, many colorful classes featuring a myriad of skills, steeped in heady Warhammer lore and bearing moody graphics, which is unfortunately greatly marred by a horrid user interface that clips and hides text/figures and can even render certain story mission icons non visible in the majority of the resolutions chosen. The way in which deployments are handled: having to press A/D repeatedly to even place 1 unit properly is beyond tedious and there is no simple way to check the whole list of enchantments you have besides clicking on every enchantable slot.However the most damning thing about the game is that it still bears many horrid random bugs that unfortunately render it unplayable for the luckless. One such bug involves a random ""Round 1"" freeze where the only way out of it is to abandon battle, thereby taking automatic injury rolls on all warband members, quite likely resulting in permadeath or permanent injuries. Yes, as there are no separate save/load files, such a bug effectively completely cripples a once promising warband through no fault of the player. To add insult to injury, after such a bug, you might also find your inventory completely emptied through some form of file corruption.Another deadly bug involves a character getting stuck in a position in another character's zone of control whereby no actions may be taken and the game cannot proceed even if it's the player's turn. Once again the only choice is to abandon the battle and face the above penalties, which may well mean complete warband decimation and loss of many hours of play.Of course there are also the numerous crashes to desktop and issues with Directx 11 and many many more and all of these issues are well documented in the bug subforums here. The issues I've highlighted barely even scratch the first page of said bug forum and there are literally 1.8k threads there.There is the mark of a great game here and a persistent warband concept with hardcore leanings where mistakes are poorly tolerated and where it is fun to pick your battles/deployments well and to carefully manage your way to the top. But unless you don't mind seeing literally everything taken away in an instant because the game decided to throw you a random bug, I would suggest trying other turn based games. I reserve the right to flip this review when all these issues have been fixed but seeing as it has been nearly a year since this game has been out and had a fairly long beta testing phase before that, I doubt the bugs and UI issues are going away anytime soon."
76561198008753058,Recommended,276810,22089188,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,drybonezzz,Game is hard which is good. I wish developers would implement weapon proficiencies... I saw one guy complained about high speed skaven warbands etc... but that's also thier strengh.. when a  skaven is clobberd by a sister with a two handed maul it also takes half its hp but im not crying about that.. Like most games the warpands have strengths an weaknesses play which ever is your style. I've enjoyed the game greatly thus far But we need more war bands!!! give the community the basic warbands in the original book pleaase.
,Recommended,276810,28447293,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lustmoerder,"Excellent game.  There is a learning curve but this is sped up by reading through the tutorial mission.  The game ios hard at first as your warband has no abilities yet.  I notice people reviewing this poorly with 8 hours played, etc.  I would honestly ignore those reviews as it takes longer than that to really get to know this game.  The different factions all add good replay value as well as dictating how you approach missions as fighting the Sisterhood is vastly different than fighting the Skaven or the Undead.  The hardcore aspect where characters can be maimed or die adds consequence and grit to this game and adds to the feeling that you are managing characters rather than pixels.  If you are looking for a challenge with tons of play value for a very reasonable price then you can't beat this title."
76561198025340157,Recommended,276810,22013057,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Wangtron3000,"This game is a 3D Hardcore, Permadeath, Final Fantasy Tactics. You are encouraged to play slow and tactically. If you rush in your character will die. But I love this game! There are many intense moments, where you don't know if the risk that you took with over extending to pick up a Wyrdstone was worth it or not until the end of the round. Your characters are EXPENDABLE as much as you would love to keep them and in perfect health. If you play cautiously, you will die less, but get less rewards, and vice versa. Sometimes the RNGesus is not in your favor and sometimes it is. A lot of people highlight the horrible moments they had in the game that caused them never play the game again or ALT+F4 the game. I have been there too, but i get sucked right back in after im over it. This game is like Licorice or Cilantro. You either HATE IT or you LOVE IT. Much like the Dark Souls Series. There is a steep learning curve, but once you get past that it's awesome. If you are on the fence, i say buy it, then give it about 3-5 hours, if you love it, keep it, if you hate it, Steam's refund policy is awesome.Welcome to Mordheim............. City of the Damned!"
76561198162233581,Recommended,276810,23339672,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,cdhewko,"I;ve never played this game before.  It was really good.  Afterward I searched for more about it, and found therte are war bands you can't explore in the game yet.  Please add them, I'd like to try them all.  Fun game...  yep."
,Recommended,276810,24213955,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Valnak,"Never having played the tabletop, this is what I can tell the tabletop is like based on youtube videos. It's turn based. I quite enjoy it. I really like how granular you can customize your warband. Music is pretty fantastic."
,Recommended,276810,24761221,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,[コロシ] Murdersauce,"Challenging, strategic, addictive!Loved the table-top but it always seemed to slow down.  This is not the case for the PC game"
,Recommended,276810,24762318,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Smiddy Werbenjagermanjensen,"This game has given me PTSD!I bought the game knowing full well that it was going to be challenging, with perma death, warband management and no obious advantages in a match. when i started the game i went through  all the tutorials and studied the character management screen and noticed the change name and write biography screen.so i though to myself this could be fun and started naming them all and giving them a back story. my mercinary warband was lead by a captain in the old city watch and his son was the youngblood hero i had with him. i had a pair of brothers who were hunters from the forests of the empire and a swordsman who had come seeking fame and fortune.They did exceptionaly well until it came to the first story mission. a warband that had not suffered a casultie was suddenly in the sewers below mordheim confronted with a rat ogre!By now i had become quite attatched to my warband and i had to watch in horror as my leaders son lost a leg to the ogre, the sell sword was killed almost imediately and it was up to my leader to save the warband! He was not successful. one of the hunter brothers lost an arm so could no longer shoot and the other surrendered. my warband leader was knocked out and suffered amnesia so could not even remember the destruction of the group and  there was no money left to pay for the medical costs or even pay the wages of the troops.Three warbands later I came back to this mission and was actually worried about starting it. i had become so attached and protective of the only successful warband i had that i didnt want to risk their lives against the ogre again. this is something that a game hasnt made me feel for a long time and when these little faceless digital heroes finally brought it down (once again leader got amnesia but no other casulties) i actually felt a sence of achivement.So yes the game isnt as polished as it could be and the RNG may make you screem at the screen when your guy fails to climb a wall for the fith time but these are minor problems when compared to the joy of getting all your troops home without injury and a butt ton of loot!Would definately recomend this game to anyone willing to stick it out to the bitter end."
76561198027056345,Recommended,276810,24780867,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,przemek.matuszewicz,Purging heresy was never so much fun!
76561198013214724,Recommended,276810,24774622,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DraconianVoid,"Free Weekend Review11hrs over the weekend, i followed this game since early access i decided to finally purchase the game now that its been released and i was given the free week end to test it out. im not a fan of most games workshop games i think most are cash grabs and dont capture the table top essence which made all these types of games enjoyable. Mordheim does for me feel like the table top, which is very important as i want that feeling, i want to feel like each game is something i can easily imagion being played out on a table top in front of me. ive only played 11hrs so my experience is quite limited ive completed the tutorials and spend the rest playing about 11 games as a choas warband. i love the gameplay there just aint enough good turn based strategy games atm which i like so finding one that i enjoy is a blessing. ive only played solo so cant say anything about mp. Well done devs a gameswork shop game that feels that the tabletop its based on instead of just using its name to grab some cash! hats off to you!PROStabletop feel ( feels like Mordheim)customizing your warbands (i name all my warriors and give them unique apperances)depth ( im only 11hrs but it seems like mastering this will take some time)ai seems ok atm ive only seen a few stupid moves, but then again i only played the table top against friends and we all made quite alot of stupid moves so i cant complainbasics are easy to learnruns wellhas some intense momentstactics are importanthas me shouting at my screen ( i like games bring out emotions)flashbacks, which mainly seem to be of me making terrible dice rollsconsgraphics are abit slack in places, especially some of the human faces, but who careswould like more detailed info on battle reportsneeds more different map types and layouts, we used to make some silly stuff with this game, or better yet, creation kit?has no dice roll animation, my biggest h8 maybe theres an option ive missedtraps could be more interestingatm its all 1v1, maybe later game has it but i want some 1v1v1v1 actionlike i said limited review only 11hrs but i love it!"
76561197978543242,Recommended,276810,29882324,Posted: 12 February,all,wds_ncs,"Extremely satisfying tactical game saddled with a couple of questionable design decisions and a few lingering UI annoyances. Probably my favorite squad level tactics game released in years.Fans of tactics games can and should just buy and play it, but people considering buying might want to know what those cons I mentioned are. Above all, Mordheim TT players might be disappointed with some of the changes to the rules; I think they largely made smart changes, but purists should adjust their expectations. As for what I consider drawbacks in brief:The decision to have the AI build a team that mirrors yours is questionable. Every unit has a point value based on its abilities, skills, and equipment. You can field 4 to 10 units of varying tiers--leader, hero, henchman and impressive (a special unit)--in every battle. Their combined point value is your warband rating for a battle. When you go into battle, you select from a pool of missions with randomly generated difficulties--Normal, Hard, Brutal, or Deadly. The AI then generates an opposing team that exactly mirrors the composition of your team in number and tier with a warband rating equal to or exceeding yours, with % bonuses based on difficulty.For example, if I select a Brutal battle with five units--a leader, two heroes, and two henchmen, rating 1000--I will face an enemy band of five with a rating a bit higher than mine. They will all have +20% health and +15% damage due to difficulty rating.There are multiple consequences to this decision. The most notable to first time players is that there are no real ""milk run"" missions to let you learn the ropes. In the first week of a campaign, a combination of fragile low level units, player inexperience, and lack of resources with which to recover from losses means a huge difficulty hurdle. A full party wipe at this point is likely and a wipe means a game restart, given the game's ironman sensibility. The devs have attempted to remedy this by including several fairly good tutorials, that new players should probably play until they can win them, and with a universal experience system--in short, in game achievements can help you start the game with more advantages when starting new campaigns.Another is the effect this approach has on the sense of progression. Since ordinary battles scale, levelling your units and getting better equipment can feel a little Sysiphean. You will still always be quite outmatched, mechanically, on Deadly missions, whether you're deploying four rank 0 noobs or ten rank 10 veterans. The only exception are the eight story missions, unique to each faction, which have fixed difficulties. I personally feel the game would have benefited from creating districts containing increasingly difficult missions and better rewards and allowing you to complete missions in different areas. The upside to this, though, is that it keeps the game from feeling grindy. You will have enjoyably challenging battles at any point in the campaign and I never feel like I need to grind levels or drops in order to be able to tackle new challenges.The last consequence is a lack of variety due to the symmetry. You won't have battles where your leader and three heroes fight off a Skaven zerg rush; fielding a leader and six henchmen is always a fairly safe strategy, because your enemy will never decide to take an impressive against that composition. Even skirmishes (vs. other players) don't allow that flexibility.Another questionable design decision is the implementation of optional objectives and routs. Optional objectives include gathering a certain number of wyrdstones, the game's primary resource; killing specific enemies and taking trophies from them; or raiding the enemy's cart (their homebase of sorts) and carrying their ""flag"" back to yours. Routing, shortly, occurs when the morale value (I'll spare you the full explanation) of enemies left in action falls below 40% of its starting value and the highest ranked member of the enemy band left standing fails a leadership ability test. Completing optional objectives ultimately becomes a game of keeping the enemy alive long enough to let you complete the objective, since killing them wantonly may trigger a rout. In a sense, the game can feel like it punishes you for fighting effectively, ultimately generating you less experience and less loot.Lastly, the UI annoyances have been well documented elsewhere. I'll reiterate a short list: you must sit through enemy turns in real time, even if you can't see them, sometimes resulting in several minutes where you just twiddle your thumbs; LoS rules are not always intuitive; your units' zone of control (through which enemies cannot pass) or their occupied space (through which your own units cannot pass) is not viewable while you're positioning them, meaning you will inadvertently cut off routes for friendlies or leave paths through your line to your mages/ranged units open; pre-battle deployment of your units means cycling through the entire list of possible locations rather than just selecting them directly; where you can climb up and jump down isn't always displayed (inconsistently, it sometimes only displays them if the currently selected unit has enough movement points to jump or climb); the order of the different defensive stances (you'll only be good at one if you're playing correctly) changes randomly at times; warband management has a consolized interface requiring you to go down too many levels in order to change minor things.So, I've ♥♥♥♥♥ed at length about things in this game yet still recommend it. That's because the core of the game is that ♥♥♥♥ing entertaining. Buy it, git gud, have fun."
,Recommended,276810,29912225,Posted: 13 February,all,Reddragon,Great game
76561198049649567,Recommended,276810,29887765,Posted: 12 February,all,Shadow,"This game is great! How I know this is yes sometimes you might pick this up and just not be into it, because its a very slow game at times when you are learning. Yet since its release I always go back to it and play for long period of times. I love that your choice can lead to serious effects to your units like, I had to cut off my heroes leg and for the rest of her life in this game I can no longer jump and has a reduced movement speed. This game can pull you into the world and struggles your char go through. Plus the game play is great and the amount of options you have is insane. The missions can be very difficult at time because the game doesnt hold your hand. Every mission is dangerous in the begining cuz your new and till you get the hang of it any mission can kill you. The story missions are just epic! I feel this game is great and well worth my money. I hope this game get expanded on and we see more games like these."
,Recommended,276810,23863195,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,unique_fossil,"Honestly, this game just keeps bringing me back to it. It's easy to pick up and put down when you have time, and has enough replay and options to try that it's hard to get too bored. While not perfect, it is fun if you like turn based strategy. Don't go in expecting perfection, do go in expecting some fun."
,Recommended,276810,20963378,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Nyttelost,"This will be lengthy, as I had plenty of time to write this while I download Patch 3 slowly because my internet connection sucks terribly. Also, my computer's terrible, but that's besides the point. Anyway, hold on tight.PreludeI grew up with a game calledWarhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat. I had the PS1 version of the game, and for some reason I only had half of the instruction manual for the game. I had gotten the game from a yard sale of a neighbor who was moving and wanted some cash, presumably to join a caravan of gypsies. When I played it for the first time, I thought I was doing well until I had to do some mission where you had to patrol and kill numerous Skaven early on. I learned that I was bad at tactics. So I had to get good.I got good... or so I thought. Then I got mauled by an orc riding a wyvern or something. It was terrifying, as I was a dumb tween when I first played this game.Many years later I came back to it and eventually beat it, even after numerous deaths. I still wish I had the half of the instruction manual that included the psychology section though.Anyway, I wrote about Shadow of the Horned Rat because this game brings back memories of my training montage of getting good at Warhammer.This GameI first heard ofMordheim: City of the Damnedwhen I subscribed to Sheepdog Gaming on the Youtube sometime after I got into Blood Bowl 2. I saw a video about a Skaven warband, and immediately I had to watch it. I learned that Mordheim was a strategy-based game with permadeath and various other things. I decided to watch a bit more of various people playing Mordheim to get an idea of whether I wanted this game or not. Eventually I decided that I'd get it and start off as the Skaven, because I find them hilarious compared to the other factions. I eventually started at least one warband from each faction (as of this edit, there are five in total).I had to turn my settings to the lowest that I possibly could, because my PC is rather bad for gaming and I need to upgrade both my computer and my internet connection at some point in the future. Regardless of this, I can tell that the game is good looking, even if my settings make it so that my human captain has no pupils (he also went amok after getting pounded by cultists, so I could consider that a side effect of him being mentally deranged). I can also tell from seeing other reviews and noting Youtubers saying so that the loading times are pretty long regardless of my computer's performance. Hopefully this patch helps a little with this. (A patch helped with this somewhat.)Anyway, the RNG of this game does get to me sometimes, but I'm very much used to the punishment as a result of my aforementioned experience with Shadow of the Horned Rat. I've had some good RNG too, thankfully, such as being able to end certain Marked for Death battles fairly quickly with the bonus objective completed or having a metric ton of wyrdstone at a good place to screw with the AI.I have no input regarding multiplayer, as I'm afraid of losing my internet connection while playing it. I'll update this when or if I can get some experience in.Regarding gameplay, it's a pretty solid strategy game. The AI can be rather dumb sometimes, but challenges happen just as much as dumb AI activity happens for me, so I can't complain too much. There have only been a couple of occasions where the AI got stuck on corners for me, although I have also had a couple times where the AI cannot decide whether it wants to jump down or climb up a ledge, and will do so back and forth until the unit moves within ambush range of my deranged captain who wants an excuse to not flee from combat. Anyways, the AI could be worse, but it could also be better.Rating:For me, I give this game a whip designed for self-flagellation arranged in the form of an 8 out of 10. Well, it'd look more like a B, but close enough.For a general audience, I give this game a whip designed for self-flagellation arranged in a 7 out of 10. The punishment of the RNG stings a fair bit, but you feel absolved once you manage your RNG, achieve victory, and dominate your foes through clever tactics. If you're into Warhammer, strategy, and challenge, pick up this game. It is possible that the challenge may not be the sort you're looking for, so this is rated a 7 instead of an 8 for that reason."
,Recommended,276810,21802960,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bijuvi ツ,"First time for a long time, a game that turns out to be EXACTLY what I expect it to be."
,Not Recommended,276810,15413517,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Our Lord Scudmungus,"Of course, it's not finished and needs a lot of work. And yet, rather than strengthen play with modern technology it feels like they've attempted to engage a new audience with camera tricks.Rather than attempt to re-create the playstyle and assets of the real-life game, making use of the computer to resolve LOS issues and streamline warband book-keeping, the developers have opted for an awful 3rd person POV with a poorly implemented 'tactical map'.Which is a real shame. The original game was a joy to play, along with Necromunda. All we needed was a virtual re-creation of the physical game, with all the advantages modern technology can offer. Instead, we have a game that seems like its trying to pretend its not based on an excellent board game.While I hope things will improve I can't see the developers devianting from the core design choices already made - and those design choices have not improved gameplay but instead made it worse."
76561198007538380,Recommended,276810,24764312,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Marknado,"The game has a steep learning curve, can be extremely punishing but is highly addictive and great fun to play. Just remember the better part of valour and the penguin creed and you'll do splendidly."
76561197983324630,Recommended,276810,23848589,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,owen445x,"From what I got to play, It seems like a fun game.I find the learning curb to be kinda high in the beginning when it comes to initial party comp and what I need to gear them with. Hopefully with more game time, I will get a better grasp and youtube vids.Graphics are really good and I love tactic driven games. It being in the warhammer universe is a huge plus also when it comes to the different factions to play as.I noticed that my new characters miss a lot... like when you get those moments like omg, if I don't get this hit, I'm screwed ... whoosh! miss. ""F**K me!"" I noticed that I been saying that a lot within the few hours i've played.Overall, if you like tactic driven games in a dark grim world of warhammer with a lot of variety, you should get it."
76561198000418088,Recommended,276810,23970769,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Szputnyik,"I like this game. I wanted to buy it at release, but after the developer posted in the forum that they would not add more warbands the game was dead to me. Now, with Steam Sales, I discover Mordheim again on my Wishlist and see that its reduced PLUS they added a new warband! I hope there will be more in the future! Would not have bought this game if no new warbands would be released"
76561198022887574,Recommended,276810,23858295,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bloddis,"This is a great game. a lot of people are complaining that a turn-based game shouldn't be first-person, but to me it seems like they just can't think outside the box. once you get used to the gameplay you'll realize that there's a great deal of strategizing to be done.Example: I hide one of my men behind a wall and set him to ambush stance while having another run out in the open and shoot an arrow at an enemy. I then leave the archer out in the open as i am out of movement points. the enemy runs towards my archer but when he passes the wall my warrior attacks and locks him down.The graphics are fine and i have yet to encounter a bug. the difficulty appeals to me especially the fact that the game auto-saves whenever you finish a battle, leaving you no choice but to press on and feel the consequenses of each battle.While the game is great, it could do with a little polishing and i won't recommend buying it unless it is on sale."
76561198058809923,Not Recommended,276810,31851104,Posted: 19 May,all,generaldurandal,"At Warband rank 0, the game have a very fair dificulty that I like.Easy enough that you could get through any match with no deaths,but hard enough that you always felt on the edge of defeat.The moment you get to rank 1 though,My first rank 1 fight ended with a full defeat, which was also my first defeat.They where way too powerful, my strongest guy was only hitting for 40,while their weakest guy was hitting for 30.Some of them hit for 70, without a crit, and they all tookout my guys in two hits each.After the failed mission, I got perma death for my leader unit,(the only one that did any good)as well as injuries for everyone else.I deleated my warband,becouse there was no way I was going to be able to win any rank 1 mission with a new leader unit.(if they are all going to be like that)One of their archer was equiped with a mace and hammer, weapons they arn't proficient with,and it killed two of my guys (a tank with a great-axe and another) by itself."
76561198359916459,Not Recommended,276810,33759930,Posted: 23 July,all,morz79,"I can live with my main lvl8 leader built for shield parry losing an arm due to failing in combat, but when it happens cause my full health impressive dies losing 1on1 to his undead 95% dodge chance sidestepping impressive in 4 rounds of combat (landed a single hit), I call it a crappy game."
76561198006708450,Recommended,276810,24763206,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ragehaven,"Great game and allot of fun if very unforgiving at times. My only real gripes are the god awful camera angles at times, the terrible tutorial and oddly the graphics are really quite poor in places. Considering what they look like in the trailer was quite a surprise that they look nothing like the quality shown, But apart from them few thing its a great game that you will lose hours in and and well worth the money."
76561198006620592,Recommended,276810,18880936,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ryltair,"The game is unforgiving, but addictive with a unique way of moving about the map. If you're looking for a hardcore turn-based roguelike set in the eerie Warhammer world, then this game is your fix."
,Recommended,276810,22162246,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[OMBD]Salami,Super cool and hard game.
,Recommended,276810,22155385,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,The_B0G,"Really cool game, I like how you can customize your warband, graphics look great gameplay is pretty good. I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars just for the fact it can be insanely frustrating, Missing a hit with +80% chance 5 turns in a row after taking him down to low health and losing the fight because of it can be infuriating when they are hitting their mark almost every time, I understand it's a part of the game but nevertheless it's very annoying, especially when one of your heroes loses a limb or get brain damage because of it. It kind of reminds me of X-Com that way, when you can't hit someone a foot ahead of you with very high hit %."
76561198284030491,Recommended,276810,22159888,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Alfie.kennif.Joseph.coakley,It needs more races
76561198008082390,Recommended,276810,24748161,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sgt Mac,I enjoy the game so far. The turn base style of gaming is one I look for. Also revisiting lsot youth with some WarHammer is always good for the soul.Any plans for a Dwarf Warband?
76561198018312967,Recommended,276810,19210359,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,maimkillburn,Do you like the idea of Warhammer Fantasy Battles but dislike the budget sheet for assembling an actual army worth a damn?Do you like to play a tabletop wargame without spending half an hour moving units and rolling dice on just turn 1?Do you like some RPG on that tabletop wargame?Do you enjoy watching the impossible happen and screaming abot how your dudes are missing 95% hit chances three times in a row?Do you enjoy watching warlocks explode because Tzeentch is feeling cranky that day?Do you like watching rat ogres picking on their noses while the puny man-things stick their halberds into their buttocks from six different directions?Then get this game. LIke seriously. Get this game!Sigmar protects.
,Recommended,276810,21571882,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,OmegaJeff,"The darkly engrosing and compelling atmosphere of Mordheim is almost enough to sell this game on its own.  But paired with immersive over the shoulder strategy gameplay inspired by the likes of Valkyria, and this game delivers something really special and unique.While there are certainly nitts to pick (issues with enemy AI, secondary objectives, pronounced difficulty spikes...), the game is so gripping that the only real problem I'm having is walking away from it and remembering to eat/drink/sleep."
,Recommended,276810,21575290,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,omegam0,"This game is basically Darkest Dungeon. In 3D. With Warhammer. But it does have its own personality and unique aspects to it that make it a different game. I love both Darkest Dungeon and this game. If you like Darkest Dungeon, buy this. If you like Warhammer, buy this. If you like a challenge, buy this. If you played Vermintide and wish to see the rats win, play this. If you are a follower of Chaos, play this!!Basically, just play this."
76561197984729342,Recommended,276810,24758264,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BleeDinglies,RNG is a fickle mistress.  Be wary.
76561198092223680,Recommended,276810,24778034,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Hobbitstrife,"I found the game fun but hard to understand at first, but when you get into the game it is really good although you may get frustrated at times. Each warband has its own up's and down's so you can expand how you approach battles with a different feel every time. As with every game some improvements could be done but for what the game is its worth it as no game is perfect i would recommend it but if you can wait till it on sale thats better."
,Recommended,276810,24773714,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,marshall,"This game is a ton of fun, if you like tactical games like x-com, but with a fantasy theme.  This would be great to play with friends as you get to level up your warband and you can build your own narrative around your characters, do they die in the forsaken city of morediem after a battle, do they get ransomed back to your warband, after each game any characters that die have a random thing that can happen to them even losing limbs"
76561197975698109,Recommended,276810,29289497,Posted: 15 January,all,LazerShoes,"Initially I wrote a negative review about this game because it spanked me and I ragequit.  I've deleted that review and persisted with the game, read some articles and learned how to play it and I have to say it's a lot of fun.  There's some rich tactical strategy to be had here.This is a game of positioning and attempting to outmaneuver your enemy.  The combat is quite savage and I think a lot of the negative reviews would go away if the developer simply let the player decide what difficulty level they wished to play at, rather than forcing the player into the way they want the game to be played.You will get no easy, normal or hard campaign.  Each mission is rated starting at normal, hard, brutal and deadly.  Right from the get go.  The AI stays about the same but the enemies get massive buffs as the difficulty increases.Of course, you don't have to do these hard missions.  But there are better rewards if you choose to do them.  And it's incredibly satisfying when, either by skill or luck, you win a challenging mission.There's a lot of customization of your warband and it's a lot of fun naming and making your troops into characters.  Your fighters can be injured and a couple of mine are missing arms and one now has a peg leg.  There are definite consequences in this game and no save scumming.  There's no saving at all, its all autosave and you cannot reload.I'd say this is an excellent game, but it's also very hard, there's no doubt about it and if you don't like to lose you'll have to get good if you want to survive the deadly streets of Mordheim."
76561198023290718,Recommended,276810,17887122,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Fogrender,is there any kimd of warband progression yet?ie getting exp from 1 battle to another?
,Recommended,276810,28030705,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gopher,"An underrated gem of a game. An absolute must-play for any fans of TBS, RPG, or the Warhammer universe. The various factions are unique in their playstyles and motivations ensuring countless hours of replayability. It is a bit of a niche title, the initial difficulty may scare some players away, but if is worth enduring the initial learning curve in order to truly experience Mordheim. I am very impressed with the story missions of the game, which add much more incentive to continue with a warband in the campaign. I am also impressed with all of the DLC to date, it all adds to the experience and is reasonably priced for what it provides. My only concerns with this game would have to be the occasionally flawed A.I. and RNG, and just a lack of players for the multiplayer base. One of those two is easily solved by buying the game and joining in on the fun, I sincerely hope the community continues to grow, I am absolutely in love with this game."
,Recommended,276810,28088352,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aisriyth,"Game is harsh and brutal, but if you go into it understanding that and you enjoy xcom like turn based games then you will enjoy it immensely!"
,Recommended,276810,28089150,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,caparzo54,"Just a fantastic strategy RPG. Can be very unforgiving at first, but stick with it and you will become a warpstone collecting murder machine."
76561198030873723,Recommended,276810,13084247,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,F0x,"This game is in the alpha stage but I can see a LOT of potential in it.  It has all the hallmarks of the type of game that I like - turn based tactical, multiplayer - unit rostering and customisation ( both yet to be implemented) and a variety of gear/equipment (yet to be implemented).As touched on above, there is a lot of work required to bring this game to anywhere near a ready state and there are a lot of issues/bugs that exist, although none that are game breaking.  It is an alpha so you can't expect a full product of this time but the devs advise it wont be long before a substantial patch will be added.I want to believe that this game will be one of my all time favourites.  It has the potential, and time will tell.F0x"
76561198004814395,Recommended,276810,21744658,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Captain Narol,"Gore, hardcore, painful, messy, chaotic... but in the end, damn addictive !"
76561198008747294,Recommended,276810,19166092,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,tygertyger77,"If you like turn based strategy,you'll enjoy this"
76561198005671844,Recommended,276810,21591918,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,loneone90,"I love it, just wish there was more warbands.Everything is perfect with the way I play."
76561197985771935,Recommended,276810,21510616,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,SobrietyTest,"Solid Game, Turn based, Stratagy,I have played this game for about a week now and have zero regrets in purchasing it. If you are a stratagy/tactics and warhammer fan this is a fantastic game for you.This is a thinking persons game, its not a shooter or an action game it is fairly slow paced and methodical. if you dont use stratagy and tactics this game will be very frustrating for you. The AI isnt all that smart, but it is extreamly agressive, and can be very brutal when your not prepaired for it (learn to use this against it) even on the average dificuly maps.PROS:- Solid game, very few bugs- fluid turn based gameplay- Challenging- good graphics and soundCONS:- early game can be pretty brutal- AI is agressive, but not all that smart (see above)- game modes are limited, very little variation except in story missions where you see some unique objectives- warband customization is limited (I.E unit types)- warband members can suffer permant injuries/death (as well as item/gear loss on being downed in combat)"
,Recommended,276810,24627950,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Emmys,"This is a really fun adaptation of Mordheim.I've been a big fan of games like this and Inquisitor for quite a long time in table-top land, and I love the Warhammer universes. However, I will do my best to not be biased here in the hopes of helping you decide if this game is for you or not!To begin, this game is tough as nails, and can be even tougher depending which warband you pick and how you set up your team. Much like tabletop Mordheim, your future success largely in part depends on how well you do in the first few missions. If you do well, rack up lots of stuff to sell and Wyrdstone, all while hardly getting anyone injured, you should get to the part where the game becomes more manageable, even if you make a mistake and fail a mission horribly. Let me say this loud and clearly though, for every new person in the room:Melee. Trumps. Range.Yeah, you heard me. In this game, you will suffer many, many to-hit penalities. You will set up overwatch shots just slightly at the wrong angle and watch helplessly as your archer gets smashed in one round. This is a game about gangs, and what do gangs do to get the advantage? They GANG UP on a smaller number of units, normally in melee, in this case, and they pound them into the dirt. In table-top, you want to swarm enemy models and roll as many dice as possible. Missing is guaranteed, hits are god-sends, and it's the same formula here. Mostly melee (of all varities - don't be that person who goes all swords/shields and then finds themselves losing because dual-wielding rats are stabbing you in the back,) with a few good ranged units. To put it into perspective, I start like this: I immediately go to the market and see if I can buy a decent ranged weapon for my warband leader. Bow/etc is -okay-, dueling pistols/warlock pistols are what you want, though. I then slap those on my hero's alternate equipment, recruit ONE archer henchman if available (not a special character - I strongly suggest taking the melee special character first,) and then fill up on melee.Next up, optimize your weapons. Bonuses to hit, bonuses to ambush damage, parry chance, etc - all great. Heavy weapons? Best used on characters who hit well on their own. Armor is also not always the best choice for every character either. Sometimes taking that 50% dodge is the best choice you can get, and the cheapest, too.If you try the above, and play carefully (be sure to give your archer two daggers or something in their offhand, too. Archers I tend to give armor asap as well,) you should be gravy. With those first 3-4 missions done, you'll be feeling good.I bet you'll even feel great.But then?The first story mission happens.And you're in for a whole new level of hell.Don't even click on that mission until your rating is closer to what it says the enemy has. You can see this by clicking on but not accepting the mission. It will destroy your life, your warbands life, and♥♥♥♥♥♥your pockets. It really will, especially a particular few races (RNG can be really rough on the humans for that first mission. Believe me.)Graphics are decent, controls take adjusting to (your first warband is doomed to death if you're like me and mess up the controls for a bit before getting used to them,) and sometimes you will get grumpy that so-and-so enemy just charged through a narrow crack between three ambushing characters.But hey, welcome to Mordheim. It's all about luck and tenacity and a whole lot of death. Do suggest, 8.5/10, needs more races with cheaper DLC (the current price model is 'meh.')Multiplayer suggested over everything else, even if you do the one where no changes happen to your warband, but thanks to the RNG and the computer's tendency to stick to the 'gang up and pound you' strategy, even playing vs the computer can be fun."
76561198002554370,Recommended,276810,30378483,Posted: 7 March,all,Scary Terry,"This is, at least for me, exactly what I'm looking for in a Games Workshop game. Turn based strategy, cool level progression, lots of customization. It's close to the table top games people love. All the warbands have their own stregnths and weaknesses. I only wish there were more warbands to choose from. With the endless font of crap GW vomits up this one stands out as a gem. I'm very looking forward to Necromunda, hopefully they keep the things that make this game great.This game is quite difficult, so I only recommend it if you enjoy a challenge. Expect your first couple warbands to join the corpses strewn about the Mordeheim landscape, but the first time you actually reach endgame will feel like a huge accomplishment.Many people complain about the game feeling unfair, their guys missing repeatedly with an 80% chance to hit. However 80% isnt 100 and you will hit about 8 out of 10 times. Its all about positioning, using your tanks to block and hold units while you surround and destroy others with your damage classes. The only thing that seems kind of weak to me is the magic, you're better off equipping your mages with 2 handed weapons and actually doing damage... but then I was never much of a magic player, maybe someone else figured out how to make the most of it.Highly recommend this game. Its atmospheric and immersive, and you actually come to love your units. I recommend giving them all unique names and backstory to enhance your gaming experience. Please GW, more of this, stick with this developer, we would love it if you put out more high quality games like Mordeheim than the endless stream of garbage we have been getting.For those of you having trouble, a couple tips. Keep your warband together. Don't even take missions that split your warband up (particularly the ones that split you into 3 small groups) Make sure to keep your lighter damage units behind your heavy tanks, resist the urge to use their faster movement to take them out front. When you set up ambushes make sure that they don't end up pinching the enemy in a doorway where you can't surround them. Impressive units can be a real problem if they wind up in the middle of your warband where they can create absolute havoc. Try to use the alleys and doorways to trap enemy impressives, as the AI won't be able to get them unstuck. Above all never engage anyone alone, especially with your leader and heroes. They are too valuable to risk, disengage and run to your minions who are expendable. Don't spend money on the minons until late game, if some of your units have to die, better them than your Bosses and heroes.You really have to invest some time to make your warband great. Don't give up after an hour or two of playing the game, and really try to go for the extra objectives, as getting them will make your levels spring forward."
,Recommended,276810,19772871,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Malkavian,"Every update this game becomes more and more like what I originally hoped it would be.Pros+It's a Mordheim video game, and it is good. If you understand what that means, this should be an auto-purchase.+First person turn based works awesomely, I've never seen it done like this before and I think it really fits the game. The developers clearly put a lot of work into those environments (They look amazing) and first person really compliments that well.+All 4 Warbands are interesting and fun in their own way. Even the humans (Very rare for GW media)+Good variety of skills/spells, good character progression as well. It's fairly similar to XCom+Vertical movement almost as important as horizontal. Very unique to Mordheim I think, and its very fun+Fun as ♥♥♥♥. Really the most important thing.+I'd imagine finding a group of people to play a large scale multiplayer campaign (Like you could on the tabletop) would be fun. I don't have any friends though, so that's just me theorizingCons-Only 4 war bands without that many kinds of units.-Campaign nothing special (not that this is meant to be played for the story lol) collecting wyrdstone can be annoying and they make you do it-The UI is very strange and almost feels like it was designed for consoles?I'm hoping more war bands come out soon, because right now that's really the big flaw for me. There simply isn't enough variety within warbands themselves to justify only having 4 and calling this a finished game."
76561198083046197,Recommended,276810,29026976,Posted: 4 January,all,aLumpyLime,Amazing game. Needs more warbands. Ignore all the haters who whine about it being too hard. Thats a staple for Warhammer games. 12/10 IGN
76561198006489153,Recommended,276810,13041700,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Wolfguard101,looking good so far only had ne balcony fglitch wouldnt let me move onto it.. And the dodge / parry options can make it a bit more of a slugfest
76561198048285065,Recommended,276810,24771610,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,saintspokermoney,"Awesome game, having played the tabletop version for years. this games holds up to that standard nicely. Recommend it to everyone."
76561198030750335,Recommended,276810,15495434,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,hjasper436,"I used to play the tabletop version, it was awesome then and this is awesome now.  game not finished but you can tell there will be TONS of customization for each unit.  way more than xcom.  game is awesome! glad i got it.  Go possessed!!!"
76561198030285797,Recommended,276810,13057014,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cautious,"One hour in, and I have to say, I like it! This is an impressive start Devs. I cannot wait to get into customising my mob!I've always loved the gang styled GW games, from Mordheim, to Necromunda, then Gorkamorka... I played them all, and had great gangs/mobs in each. I can already see that this game has a lot of potential to bring the tabletop to life.So, what I've like so far;The Graphics... for an Alpha, I'd expect texture tearing, poor optimisation, glitching etc etc. In the first hour of running the game, maxed out settings, not a wobble. The environment is engaging and fitting, and is exactly how I see Mordheim. The artists have done a great job at bringing the original artwork into the game.Diverse units. I've only seen a handful of what we can look forward to, and I love it.Combat. It's so straight forward, but suitable complex enough to allow for a proper tactical approach.What I've not liked so far;... er...I am really looking forward to watching this game progress. Good job Devs!Games Workshop fans, you'll enjoy this... for non-Games Workshop fans, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,276810,13057270,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Da Warboss,"I know its on early access at the moment with plenty content still to come but i really enjoyed this turn based skirmish game. If your a Games Workshop fan you will recognise the title and its a table top game that PC version has done it justice! A lot of Games Workshop game versions have see plenty ups and down but at the same time have released some amazing titles like Dawn of War and Blood Bowl. Slightly limited to the content available but still very good fun and again its early access so im hoping for plenty of content, customizing and factions to be soon added to make this game truely awesome."
76561198039919324,Recommended,276810,13056020,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,¢яυѕα∂є,"Definately reccomend, has the makings of an excellent game. Needs more meat adding to the bones but all said, the dynamics work and has the potential to be a real hit, especially with the steam users on my friends list who are all in to the strategy/tactical genre of games.Here's some things that I would like to see happen in the full game.1) More warbands. 6 as a minimum, others can do added as DLC's2)More maps. I'd add a forrest and mountain maps and maybe a big scale more open map, where multiple warbands can add up to a battle type scenerio rather than a skirmish.3) More interactive warband mangement, fighter improvements and warband ratings on top of the player ratings.4) An online leaderboard of best players and with what warbands.Like I say, great core of a game. Potentially to be one of my favs."
76561198006615904,Recommended,276810,28238158,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,tomwaitandbleed,"great game, with lots of updates for a continously good time"
,Recommended,276810,24762387,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Nevermore,"Disclaimer- I am playing during a free weekend, but I am also going to buy it.Mordheim is a great adaption of a tabletop skirmish game. It can feel slow, but is actually faster that the tabletop version. It is turn based and random number generation, so not for everyone. I personally love how hard and in-depth that game is, and it tells you from the beginning that it is meant as a hardcore game. If you want fast and action pacted, then this will not be your cup of tea. If you enjoy in-depth tactical and  unforgiving, think Dark Souls, but turn based, I recommend you try it."
76561198008020292,Recommended,276810,18766800,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Razora911,"It's nice, I haven't really played that much."
,Recommended,276810,18866064,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MAC WANTS THE FLAMETHROWER,"Still in early access, but they seem to be making pretty good progress with it.The progression (Campaign) is already in the game a bit and takes the form of running what amount to skirmish missions (Kill or route the enemy team with some optional objectives) with story missions placed in that you have to run skirmish missions to rank up for.The game is a tactical RPG, instead of both sides taking turns, each unit has an ""initiative"" score that determines when it is it's turn to move.Movement is free flowing and controlled by WASD keys. You can move a certain amount of points in any direction, with unlimited backtracking (As long as you aren't overwatched/ambushed/trapped) until you confirm the movementA loot system is within the game, and before and after each battle, you will need to deal with the warbands equipment and stats/skills.The setting is pretty neat, it takes place within an Empire city that was destroyed by a Chaos meteor that has strewn valuable Warpstones all over the city.Each of the current 4 warbands has a neat play-style and reason for being within Mordheim.Sisters of Sigmar: Heavily armored nuns that lack ranged weaponry. They are trying to purge the city and destroy the Warpstone.Reiklander Mercenaries: Medium to heavy armored humans that have an abundance of ranged weaponry. They are trying to collect the warpstone to sell to other Human nations.Cult of the Possessed: Mutants and Demons that are fairly medium to heavily armored, they lack good ranged weaponry, but make up for it with a variety of neat mutations and mechanics. They are trying to collect all the Warpstone to appease their god.Skaven douches: Light armored mostly, dodge everything, and moves all the ♥♥♥♥ing time. They want the warpstone cause they are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or something.The persistent injury system is very unique, a unit going down in a battle is not the end of the world, and very easy to recover from. Often they may not even die, but can be effected by a variety of injuries that alter the way they play.And example is my Chaos Magistrate who originally started out as a caster...well..a blow to the head has convinced him he is actually a god, and only ever uses melee weapons now...thought I should fire him, but damn, he is making it work.Any-who, I enjoy the game."
76561198030620965,Recommended,276810,18760615,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,philipvrsmith,I've been playing this since nearly the first release. I've loved the journey and how they are constantly improving the game play. It is quite faithful to the tabletop randomness and choas which makes it quite fun to play.I'd pay A LOT of money for you to Necromunda this system up too. Dear lord please just do it.
,Recommended,276810,13062255,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jrizla,very decent adaptation of the boardgame :) I was a Youngblood Champion back in the day ;)
,Recommended,276810,18422176,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,holyDEMON,yes
76561198005968559,Recommended,276810,18420719,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,SabreWolf,"Maybe 31.99 euro is a bit too much...Game is in progress and developers are putting new things (campaing mode, cusumization...)But main problem is in ''WASD"" system of playing, it could turn you down... Why they chose this is a mistery (joypad??)- moving is cluncky, problems with orientation, constant scrolling up to see a possition...And I still like this game :)  Just wish it had a mechanic more like xcom."
76561198146777947,Recommended,276810,28227277,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,bob8bill,"Highly underrated game. It is a hard game, but if you're a TBS fan then this will offer a fun and satisfying challenge. The injury system really makes you think tactically about your every move, and can potentially mix up your entire strategy! Seriously great game, I highly recommend this one."
76561198128303296,Recommended,276810,28131661,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,YOUNG-LEMARTES,from the hours i put in i really do love this game. btw the undead are the best
76561198092657429,Recommended,276810,29813861,Posted: 9 February,all,richardsonja,This brings back memories =)  love it!
76561198031486819,Recommended,276810,24715701,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Explorer,"I tried the free weekend trial for MORDHEIMAND only one hour later I knew I had to buy it...X.COMGames are my favorite and this one plays the turn-based strategy that I love so muchNow in a fantasy world that I can't wait to explore for Hours:)A bit of a steep learning curve, but I like that.Thumbs up!"
76561198025415898,Recommended,276810,18570937,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Skoonks,Excellent!
76561198006409127,Recommended,276810,18639600,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,morganthebear,"Very impressed so ar with the early access game, looking forward to when its finished with all thebells and whistles! Just one thing though, in the tabletop game our lovely sisters had a special weapon, a steel whip! Are we going to see this make a glorious appearance in the future I wonder?"
,Recommended,276810,27922278,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aliandris,"It can be a bit unforgiving at times and the RNG kinda sucks, but otherwise it's a terribly fun game."
76561198108240285,Recommended,276810,29489047,Posted: 25 January,all,Der Panzerbär,"I started playing when it was still beta. Terrible, full of bugs and the focus seemed to be exclusively on multiplayer, so i left it for kinda 6 months or so.Then tried again: finally it's enjoyable!There are some bugs, ok, but in general it's nice to see your warband growing up and making campaign missions...eventually i got even attached to my characters like in an RPG game.Im no magic guy, so mercenaries work just perfect to me!"
76561198055865841,Recommended,276810,29572440,Posted: 29 January,all,rapidsjew,"If you grew up playing table top games, like D&D, Heroquest, Boot Hill, etc.  you will probably have a good appreciation for this game.  It isn't easy, it takes a while to learn all the ins and outs, but in the end it is a lot of fun.  Don't get attached to any of your warriors, permadeath is always a possibility.  Also just because you have a 90% chance to parry or dodge does not mean you are untouchable, remember that.  Overall though the game is quite a challenging good time.  There are still a few bugs that haven't been worked out, one of the most annoying is the AI pathfinding for impressive large warriors not working correctly.  This can make what should be a close match an easy defeat for you, it's always fun to win but when you know that it's only because the AI ogre is tied up on a bridge it feels kinda cheap.  Also I don't think I'd pay the full 40 bucks for it.  I bought it on sale and at that price I think was great value, now just waiting for them to bundle the DLC and put a sale price on it, hehehehe.TL;DR I'd give it a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,276810,19304562,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Super Brotato,"Fun, but be prepared for frustration.Accuracy rolls in this game seem to have no bearing whatsoever.  You'll have moments where it's impossible for you to miss and everyone will fail out on you, guaranteeing that one character you barely have still alive gets killed and in the end gets you routed from a failed leadership roll.I recommend the game because it's enjoyable, but it feels like it needs some assistance in some areas and definitely still has a few bugs to work out."
76561198050440231,Recommended,276810,13066100,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,HerrKaiser,"It is really refreshing to see this game aiming to stay so true to the original Mordheim games' rules. The turn-based action in this game really brings to life the strategy that was such a part of the game in its tabletop format. The game is not without its issues and bugs, it is still in early release, but I am very excited to see how this unfolds. So far, there are only two playable warbands and you have no customization available, however, in the tutorial two other warbands are revealed and the potential behind the campaign customization is viewable. I am curious to know how they will balance offline and online play and as to whether a warband can engage in either or if it will be restricted to one.Either way, I think anyone who ever engaged in Games Workshops' Mordheim had best take a serious look at this game and even if you never did, it is a great game if you are into strategy and tactics."
,Recommended,276810,13032099,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DesertPogona,"It looks like this is going to be a really fun game.Games typically can last 30-40 minutes. The action point + movement point system is nice and easy to learn.The game looks pretty. The content as of right now is good, but it's basically a demo at this point. Two races are only available out of the proposed five.The controls need some work.But this is very playable and entertaining. I really enjoy the situations that my units find themselves in.It's a slow game, but it's that good kind of slow that promotes thinking."
,Recommended,276810,20863885,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,uvuvwevwevwe,"Good tactical turn basde game.but A lot of things are missing.for example showing the secondary weapon for everyone so you dont check it for ages.And AI turns are so slow.but still a good game,Was addicted to xcom,and this is basicly copy of xcom but in medieval ages"
76561198009667349,Recommended,276810,24787158,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ghini,Love it. I'm really only posting to counter what I feel are unfair reviews of a great game. In fact this might be one of my favorite games in my collection. Xcom was my favorite TBS game but this completely overtakes it. I wish the graphics were a bit more over the top but one of my only wishes that this game doesn't take care of. Great.Update after hour 50- The best non-highly reviewed game I've ever played.
,Recommended,276810,25102338,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Disgruntled Peasant,"Whilst its quite unpolished with clunky UI, its an excelent strategy game that manages to be challenging and rewarding.I cannot stress enough that it is VERY challenging, you might get on a winning streak for a while, but one bad loss can leave your veteran soldiers permenently dead or with debilitating wounds.Whilst that sounds frustrating (and is!) it creates a brilliant atmosphere where you have to constantly judge the risk and reward of each mission, often encouraging you to use new recruits as meatshields whilst your elite troops look for safer opportunities to attack.Thankfully the game comes with a progression system so that even if your entire warband gets killed, you will have earned a bunch of bonuses to any new warbands you create which helps the difficulty not feel too opressive.in short:-A challenging game of calculated risk taking, it is not a game of certainties but rather of adapting to misfortune.-Somewhat unpolished, UI is poor and controls are unintuitive.-Fairly repetetive gameplay, there are story missions with unique objectives but the bulk of the game is within familiar streets of the city fighting against roughly equal forces.-consistently creates interesting strategic situations without clear 'best' solutions."
,Recommended,276810,33138836,Posted: 2 July,all,GuyWithAShinyHat,"This game does get better, but you have to get lucky not to lose your units early on."
,Recommended,276810,29793810,Posted: 8 February,all,Daq Davis,"Challenging without being overwhelming.  The RNG is a bit cruel, but lasting consequences add to the excitement.  Solid game, with minimal crashes in the course of over 400 hours of play.  No faction is perfect, but all six - with the DLC - have solid advantages and opportunites to make their quirks turn any battle.  Highly recommended for any Warhammer fan."
76561198061103634,Recommended,276810,22948195,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Squorb,"Pretty fun game. A little bit of a learning curve at the start, but after a few matches you get used to it. Would like it if the Chaos mutations took how you use the characters into account instead of being completely random. Should have more factions, though I've read they're working on it. Story mode is fun, though instructions could be clearer at times. Love the setting, it's really too bad the parent company is dumping it. Probably worth getting if you like Warhammer fantasy stuff."
76561198018872394,Recommended,276810,22447594,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Juggati,"Challenging yet fun, look forward to more races though to keep my interest."
76561198011469837,Recommended,276810,22519449,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sir Prise,"Great Game. Fans of turn-based combat will love it.The part that was ""new"" to me is the fact that you can't save your progress, in some games also known as hardcore mode. The first and only time I played hardcore mode was Diablo 3. That brought a lot of sorrows and I swore never to play hardcore mode again. But since the reviews of this game were so good I gave it a shot. And I was not disappointed. One of the few games that are worth every cent of the price.If you like turn-based combat mixed with rpg elements, then listen to me: Buy it!"
76561198047367036,Recommended,276810,22190690,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,n2adams,"Love the game, I want too see more."
,Recommended,276810,24742862,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Emnel,"TL;DR: If you wanted to like Darkest Dungeon, but couldn't since you aren't an actual masochist you should give this game a try.I really didn't expect much of this game. While I like Warhammer a lot and have a certain fondness for tabletop games up until now all the pc implementation of such titles are bordering on UI and gameflow disasters. From what glimse I got of Mordheim over the years on YT etc. it sure seemed like it has all those problems.My worries were reinforced within the 1st hour of loading up the game - I found the UI clunky, oddly consol-esque (scrolling through actions instead of kotkeys) and camera work headache inducing. I'm a sucker for complexity tho, so I felt like sticking with it and hour or two more.And then I started enjoying it. I got used to the control scheme and found it actually quite ingenious in its speed (once mastered). I also got over camera when I started to actually recognize where my characters are in relation to enemies and one another. It wasn't just a meaningless amalgamation of walls speeding in front of my eyes. And so on and so forth.If you are looking for a decent (not perfect, oh no) squad fighting game with persistent progression you should give it a try. You may be in for a pleasent surprise."
76561198002255084,Recommended,276810,24749278,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,dormninja,"This is an overall positive review, but the shortcomings are, again, much like what everyone else sees wrong with it. The game premise is definitely fun, not being able to pick up wyrdstone at the end of battle when you were right next to it is not fun, getting your team or just your favorite sister of battle to Monster level is fun, not being able to complete ""Break their morale"" side mission because it breaks their morale too fast and ends battle is not fun. I could go on with this flip flop, there are quite a few things very right and sadly wrong.It seems they fixed the AMD video card issue, though, so that becomes points in their favor.The missions are pretty samey (knock down everyone until they die) where the tabletop was not (escape successfully off of a corner of the map, or pick up X amount of wyrdstone, or have a person standing on these 3 spots at once, as well as knock the people down). A vast majority of the upgrades are just +5% to such and such, as well.It appears that they've continued to improve on the game, though, there are some nice, very noticeable changes from when I last played. This goes from 'I like it pretty decently' to 'Yeah, I'd recommend this to a buddy.'"
76561198003680719,Recommended,276810,24745948,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Insolitution,Very good game.  Create a warband.  Kill other warbands.  Get your warband killed.  Recruit new units.  Level them up.  Kit them out.  Go back and kill more warbands.Oh and some of the bad reviews say this game isn't Vermintide.  That is correct. This game isn't Vermintide. Hence why it's not called Vermintide.
76561197995631167,Recommended,276810,19344252,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BullGooseLoony,Fantastic game. Bought it way back in it's early access days - played it a bit but then moved on and patiently waited for the full release. Have more or less dedicated all game time to it since. A strategic game that allows you to play once you have the learnt the basics bit one that is also devlishly unforgiving! I thought I was over my days of gamer rage but this brings flashes of it back as I feel that I have such an investment in my band of rogues.
76561198030417641,Recommended,276810,18238698,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,That Guy!,"90% of this game is great, it just has a couple flaws and they all come down to the random components.Having random placement spawn my guy in a room where a stray plank can trap him the whole match. ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Having an enemy dodge 6 82% hit chance attacks in a row ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Fix your RNG♥♥♥♥♥♥ make the percentiles reflective of the actual chances they represent because at this stage its downright awful, particularly when it happens for the AI over and over. Feels like an unfair advantage.Now whats right? atmosphere, gameplay for the most part, the customisations, the injuries being persistant, the bios and so many other factors I adore. Just fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t guys. Cmon."
76561198014289149,Recommended,276810,14345110,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fast and Bulbous,Great graphics and fine game play but needs every other race totaly recommend
,Recommended,276810,24713295,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Svenn Ethir,Great adaptation of a great tabletop game.
,Not Recommended,276810,20525149,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Forzare,"Awkward, not fun."
76561198042398785,Recommended,276810,26454133,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,lt_black,"Good game, but sometimes quite frustrating as alot can go horribly wrong in one mission x)But cant realy complain, cause i enjoy the challenge the game provides."
76561198037288338,Not Recommended,276810,20554889,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Rakso42,"This is self torture on a high scale. Everything looks promising at first, like the original Mordeheim. But you are soon covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥ The tutorials are hard and leaves you depressed. The first mission is almost impossible. Mostly beacuse all enemies always hits you and you NEVER hit them, even if you have 75%, you miss EVERY time. I rather hit myself in the head with a hammer if I want to torture myself than play this abomination."
76561198094403309,Recommended,276810,26449252,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Einar Solveig,"I LOVE THIS GAME, IM SO ADDICTED AND I SUCK BUT IT'S SO GOOD!!!! I would kill for it to have a co-op campaign or mode or something.....so good."
76561198007333649,Recommended,276810,30538335,Posted: 16 March,all,Inner City Seal,pretty good i just wish they would add the Beastmen already
76561197969037426,Recommended,276810,13081770,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DonkeyKingPing,"This game has so much potiential. i agree with others when mentioning the lack of content at launch the 25th of nov, this is a complete joke... if i had done some more research before hand, i would have waited to buy the game.From my point of view, the developers should stick to the mechanics of the board game e.g. instead of going ""heroes of might and magic"" with the fighting animations, this gets bored and repetitive quick, i would like it if it would be like the Blood Bowl game or the org. tabletop mordheim game, where you can see the number of dice being thrown, and then if you crit, you roll again to see what happens, but in the game you can see the following animation e.g. beheading, stunned, break legs (e.g. when falling or jumping from heights), loose an eye; that would be so awesome. but i guess it could also work just as a text notification.i did not like that you cannot zoom out and see the whole map, i can see the point and fun with the locked character view, but i hope that the developers will make this a choice when setting up the game amongst other game rules. (weather conditions which would effect your vision, game quests, missions,)They could also make a map editor, to create your own maps or arrange tournaments just like in the blood bowl game.i could go on with the things i would like to have in the game, but in the end I bought the game since i have had so much fun with the tabletop version of Mordheim.I really hope that they do not drop the ball with this one, this has the possibilities of becoming a great game."
76561197986137816,Recommended,276810,19442255,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Farseer,"Stratergy game thats faithfull to the feeling of playing a compaign in the tabletop version, in other words, can be very brutal but very very fun!"
,Recommended,276810,20056264,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nckestrel,"You will learn how to avoid, or deal with, loss.  You will make choices, knowing that there is no ""best choice.""Loss: Yes, random rolls can pile up, forcing you to lose a treasured unit.  You are fighting with other mercenaries over the ""City of the Damned"", people will die.  You might actually care for them.  It will hurt.  You may quit.  Or you may find the young replacement and swear at how wortheless they are compared to the veteran that they replaced.  It feels like a warzone, and that's what I wanted.  Learn to dodge.Choices: The optional objectives are woth more than the primary.  The primary is, usually, easy.  Beat the not so smart AI.  When just starting, I did lose a few primary objectives.  You learn to stick together, and if you don't start together, get together ASAP!  Then you start winning primary objectives.You start looking at those optional objectives.  And realizing that if you want to accomplish them, you might have to break out of your comfortable, stick together, everybody comes home safely routine.  Maybe you start taking risks.  And you like the rewards.  Then somebody gets caught alone against a swarm, or maybe just a single impressive unit.  And it hurts.  And you wonder if those rewards were worth it.Stick through it, learn.  And you can find yourself making most of the optional objectives and making it home in one piece.  And sometimes you look at the map/setup and realize it's the day to just hunker down.Those two things are why I love Mordheim.It does have some negatives. Managing inventory during a mission could use the ability to drop items. I get annoyed when the enemy routs immediately after I take down the one guy I needed to take down, only to not get the chance to grab his token before the rout ends the mission.  Deployment could be made more user friendly (selecting deployment from the map instead of cycling). The game has gotten a LOT better since it first came to Early Access, and I hope they continue working on some of those.  But the good things more than make it worth dealing with the few annoyances in the game, in my opinion.I hope they continue, either through DLC or just updating the game itself, to develop more warbands, more equipment, more customization of models and more mission types (story or procedural).  But I love the game as it is today.  I would just love to have more too :)."
76561197993736797,Recommended,276810,25433733,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Release The Troll,"I found this to be a great Warhammer strategy game. Does a great job capturing the feel of the (classic) WH world, and is property difficult. Another reviewer described this as ""XCom meets Warhammer,"" and I completely agree.And yes, the game is hard, but it is not ridiculously hard, as others imply. This is a strategy game: strategy is a requirement. If you want a Diablo-clone, you won't be happy, but this game isn't an action RPG.You'll like this if you like Warhammer, strategy, or both. I enjoy it!"
76561198107566821,Recommended,276810,14331439,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PinkCross,"First Note: Early access so there are still bugs and balance issues.As a fan of tabletop games I find this a great use of the kind of fun these games provide without just fealing like a port/shovelware version so many adaptations feel like. Worth a look if you are a fan of the warhammer world and have some spare cash.issues mostly that i attribute to early access: guns are very OP with no market system or any format on how items are dstributed beyohnd a players want, be prepared to be shot up a lot if you dont bring any firepower yourself.bugs and crashes to be expected.The biggest fault i can feel coming up is GW holding its charicteristic unreasonable iron grip on its IPO preventing small hints or parts of the rest of their world appearing in the game"
,Recommended,276810,14354391,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ksalgart,"""All tunnels lead to Skavenblight""I'm absolutely in love with this game"
,Recommended,276810,14347459,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Monco,"Just to get it out of the way, *no* the game is not worth 20-30 dollars in it's current state. It's less an Alpha and more a 1v1 combat demo of the four warbands with no campaign or warband management that made the original Modheim, Necromunda, and Blood Bowl games so fun.Is it worth the 20 dollars as a pre-order for the full game? I'd say yes.The game is fun. I wasn't sure when I first saw the original videos, but it's a lot more of a tactical RTS game then you would think. Instead of player turns you go by unit initiative turns, and map vision is 100% based on your troops line of sight. They have changed the looting system to an almost scavanger hunt while in the middle of a PvP match - You now search for the warpstone and enemy chests during the fight, instead of getting a list of rewards after the match. Looting is also a team effort as each warrior of yours has 2 open inv spots, plus 1 extra spot per 4 str. So the entire warband will need to work on gathering the loot instead of having 1-2 packrats. The movement system is really simple to get the hang of as each point of movement your character has opens up a set distance shown in a blue ring, and as long as you don't run into an enemies range, you can always revert changes and move him in a different direction at any time. Combat reminds me of Fallout - each trooper seems to have 3-5 action points, and different combat maneuvers cost a different amount of your pool. When your warriors can actually gain xp and purchase skills and new equipment I could see this system being a helluva lot of fun.I can't say anything about the magic as you basically get an attack spell and a buff spell and that's it. Again, when the warriors can be developed more I could see this system being fun, but right now it's just a fancy bowman.Multiplayer is less fun. It's a bit buggy, it's full of a lot of rage quits right now, and since there is no warband progression 99% of what makes these types of games great is missing. In a patch or two when they hopefully have the xp system working and people start forming leagues, multiplayer will be worth it. Right now, I can't say it's a selling point.The fact it's shipping with only four warbands (more will come via paid DLC I am sure. :/  ) is dissapointing as well. With all the great races and backstory the Warhammer world has, you would at least have hoped to see one of the Dwarven warband types, along with one of the Elven warband types, included in the base game. As it stands you basically get the Germans, the Joan of Arcs, Humans-but-cultists, and the awesome Skaven (rat assassins)."
76561198048772822,Recommended,276810,14335985,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Nikkei,"Cant say anythin else than i like it. Tho it hasnt all content yet, but that what i could test i had the feeling ""when this is ready, i dont need anything else a while"". Hopefully rest of the content is as good as the early access, and comes fast! :) I recommend that firstimers take a good while and looks few gameblay videos on youtube to get handle of controls and how to get start, that was the hardest part. There is game manual, but there isnt a single word of controls. There is tutorial, tho, but i know there is many ppl like i am, ""no tutorial, straight to gaming"". :) But overall it was nice as much as there was anything to test and i dont feel that i put my money waste. Now just waitin rest of it."
,Recommended,276810,13054779,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,NecromancyBlack,"The game is easrly access. Very early. As it is it's not really worth getting. Buggy, bad interface, limit options. All the usual annoying EA problems that you would never want to see in the final game.However, it shows real promise. So far the EA only really does the battle part of Mordhiem (which at most is only half of what makes Mordhiem what it is) but it's fun. It's a different take to the table top game but it works well and still feels liek Mordhiem. Tatics play a part but so does the dice roles, creating a rather good balance between strong positioning and risk vs reward.Once they add more warbands, warband creation and injury/experiance, this could be a great game. And at 20% off right now, it's not a bad time to get into it. But if you do, you'll find only limited gameplay until more features are released.One thing to remember is that they have changed a few things from the tabletop game, so look up the differences before buying. Also, only 4 warbands are going to be available on release (Human, Sisters, Prossessed and Skavan) but they are hoping to do more (currently that might be witch hunters and Undead!) A limited choice of warbands will hold this game back, so hopefully they release more."
76561198036487942,Recommended,276810,14334049,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,[uA.A] Bloody_Tofu,Holds true to the feel of the old mordheim mini's game i loved to play. Can't wait to build my scaven army once more!*still early acesss at this point but whats there is hella promising
76561198030133749,Recommended,276810,14348128,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,outlawgrave,"Im a long standing warhammer fan ( for all there seires)and this game Just Feels Right, looks right, plays right and even for beta already on a right start, cant wait to see what next patch brings"
76561198005079239,Recommended,276810,27906757,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ParaMedicGer,Really close and very well done adaption to the great tabletop.
,Recommended,276810,18779622,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Bhood,Great game great developers!!!
76561198042644742,Not Recommended,276810,28170630,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,dugankowal1,"I'm a big fan of the dark and grim fantasy world of Warhammer, whether this or 40K, and this game delivers on the looks and feel of the Old Wolrd that is slowly losing the battle against Chaos.  Inventive style to band management is nice change, but other then a few cosmetic pluses, this game fails to deliver on every level.Explaination of how the game works is broken up into 12 tutorials, rather then one or two which would make sense and bring you into playing the game quickly.  Takes WAY to long to go through those, and when you get down to it, your skill and tactics have very little to do once combat starts.  The RNG in this game makes XCOM look like a dream, atleast you can save before actions in that game.  On top of that, there is ZERO atttempt to match mission difficulty with warband strength/level.  Nothing like three missions into the game and two Brutal level missions and one Hard.   Loot tables are pretty crappy considering the cost of upkeep and required shipments from superiors.And I can't stress enough how bad the RNG (Random Number Generator for thos who like me didn't know what that meant) makes any and every encounter.I'm incredibly dissappointed in this game.  I will not only NOT recommend it, I will complain to the company as well.  Pathetic to release a game with such a bad RNG, complete ruins the game."
76561197996355168,Recommended,276810,14335069,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Slim Hefty,"Definitely a lot of potential here. Camera angles can be a real annoyance during combat, but are otherwise just fine. One complaint is the lack of any experience gained during a loss in a skirmish? Frustrating when these matches can get lengthy sometimes and there is no gain at the end. Perhaps I just suck that much :p Either way, looking forward to watching this game develop into something even better than it is now."
,Recommended,276810,24813721,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,yssuP gnipmaC,"*********** For review read below Update section ************************* Update 8/11/16 *****************Today two of my warriors lose their limbs, one arm and one leg!One get +20 Dodge but I have to left another one to died because I have no gold to pay for his treatment.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/267222326010794797/E70DC9A7475AEE02676D76B6F4FAA525100253FA/******** Review ************It's hard to describe this game.If u guys dont understand what is ""RNG"".Because this game required a little knowledge about this ""RNG"" system.To new players, this game is on Hard mode, enemies will bash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, while your team cant even hit them.It will be really painful to play at first, but once you get used to the system, know how to exploit enemy's weakness, the core gameplay will start to shine its own fun and really impressive tactical turn-based gameplay.Apart from fighting, team management is also difficult at first, bad management will ruined your warband, be careful.Oh. This game has ""Perma-Death"", your team members can ""Died and lost to oblivion"", then you have to train a new one(Karma is a ♥♥♥♥♥).Like I said, this game is hard and painful to understand.Prepare your mind, drink somethings sweet to relax, smoking help a lot too ^ ^Trust me, it's a great game. You just have to endure it a lot."
,Recommended,276810,32405882,Posted: 14 June,all,Naristul,Love this game. Its some of the most fun I've had in a long time. I'm not sure how popular it is but I think that the pvp portion would be fun just not sure if anyone does it. Either way I love the game. :D
76561198048143841,Recommended,276810,29386032,Posted: 20 January,all,Osune,"After I let this game rest for about half of a year, I come back and I'm pleasantly suprised.This game is hard, it's rougelike hard. Don't assume you'll have the perfect warband in the end.To clarify how hard here an example from my recent warband: My lvl 8 leader got injured and got the 'stupid' trait.Meaning most of the time he sits around and does nothing. I had to abandon this warband, because leveling up another leader was unrealistic.I think it's 'rougelike-hard' in the way that after any mission your warband is a wreck. Half dead, stupid, lost gear and you don't have money. The developer counter this by giving you boons which you unlock by just playing the game (aka 'Veteran System', this doesn't affect the battles but the management of your warband, so there is no direct benefit in PVP).  It doesn't make the game a breeze but it's nice to have.This game is in my opinon not so much about crushing the enemy but a game which rewards carefull, tactical play.If you like banging your head against walls, or games like 'Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup' ( in terms of learning curve and tough luck moments) I recommend this game. If you hope to roflstomp this game you'll gonna have a bad time."
76561197990774891,Recommended,276810,28993860,Posted: 3 January,all,Kreivi Duckula,"this is my first review ever and sorry for my not so perfect english.I have played mordheim since EA and my opinion is its damn good game. yes i know ppl say its too hard and its too random,but hey usually who says that got about 15-25hrs ingame.This game needs learning and thinkin alot and a littlebit luck now and then :D i know it sucks when you try to hit enemy with 95% hit change and u miss 3 times in a row, but thats why u need compesate that thing with tactic elements, dont attack 1vs1 always try to get upperhand situtation for you, moral effects, fear, fleet etc... as much this game is ""rng based""  this game is as much tactic and thinkin. u have to think what u wanna do before u move or use your skills. This game is not for everyone. If u want casual and story driven game this game is not for you. But if u want very hard and challenging experience then i can recomend this game for you."
76561197978254614,Recommended,276810,28526029,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Wasudan,"The Grind is real, luck is tested all the time. Was hooked up for whole week, will get back :D"
76561197993694207,Recommended,276810,28713082,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Datek,"I almost bought this game several times, but held off because of the reviews.  Huge mistake- this game is awesome and I love everything about it.  Well, no one like RNG systems but there really is no better way to do that so we live with it.  This game is awesome- get it!"
76561197991994586,Recommended,276810,28890855,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Falcon,"Despite always fancying it I delayed getting this as the luke-warm reception it recieved put me off. However, I must say I'm getting pretty hooked.The virtual dice rolls won't always go your way. You simply have to make peace with that if you want to enjoy this game. Though sound strategy will see you right most of the time in single-player. It is pretty common to have one or maybe two out-of-action party members per match even when things are going well. And there is always the chance they end up perma-dead or with such a debilitating injury they become next to worthless.Multiplayer is another matter, there will be players out there that can take your beloved warband to pieces. But you have the option to play in exhibition mode with no permanent repurcussions, but no rewards either. Or just have seperate relatively 'safe' SP and riskier MP warbands.It's worth knowing that there is a veteran system letting you level up and keep bonuses to running your warband that carries over to the next even if they all end up dead. You even get to choose how you spend your earned bonuses for each warband. I've got 25 hours of fun out of this to date and I've only played with 2 of the warbands on offer so far.More customisation options would be very welcome, it is hard to make your party members look individual, which is a shame. Another niggle is that the game always suggests a parry stance for my warriors that are better at dodging and vice-versa which gets tiresome after dozens of battles."
76561197992293540,Recommended,276810,28970864,Posted: 3 January,all,Blackmomba,"I like that you don't get everything handed to you. It takes time, and patience but if you stick with it you will be rewarded. Awesome game, the combat is lethal and permanent so be sure before you act."
76561197987069047,Recommended,276810,28747806,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,shadowhhold,"I was curious what ""City of the Damned"" meant, until I realized that Mordheim was damned by the RNG Gods."
76561198008498519,Recommended,276810,22261570,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Talok,"Fun game,  going to go with a thumbs up.  Will get into the biggest downfall of this game in 'cons'  Let me say that I never played this specific 'board' game but am a fan of board games in general.Pros:-Good graphics and runs seemlessly on a high end machine-Good tactical action/squad based combat-Development of your mercanary warband including leveling them up and equiping-Random/procedurely generated ruined city scapes.  There is also a story line as well but this game isnt story driven.-Just an overall fun game imho.  If you are into fantasy-esque, squad turn based tactical combat this game is worth checking out.Cons:-This game is hard.  Frustratingly hard.  Its not hard because of ingenous AI.  This games main issue is the fact that the RNG acts strangely.  It appears to be broken -or- coded by the devs for you to intentionally fail.  I tend to think its the 2nd of the two.  Now this isnt always a bad thing BUT be prepared to miss 5 attacks with a 70% chance to hit BUT only when you REALLY need to hit.  For me this isnt a deal breaker, Im kind of a masochist I guess.Overall a fun game, I would definately recommend it if you can deal well with failure (because you WILL fail).Skaven suck!"
,Recommended,276810,24740982,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rat,Boring and Frustrating until you get the hang of it
,Recommended,276810,18233839,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Vanaxis,"This is a punishingly hard game. It is true to the tt version in that it can be so brutal..... Get an amazing champ that is your warbands powerhouse then BOOM looses an arm. It is balanced by a veteran system, so you can aquire perks for a warband  which carry over if it all goes sideways and you need to start with a fresh teamThis is one of the best early access games I have dipped my toes in. Great things ahead."
76561198026790939,Recommended,276810,30476540,Posted: 12 March,all,TheMrRyj,Im not addicted to this game...
76561198022129390,Recommended,276810,14376523,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gazery,I am really enjoying this game. With every update the game improves massively - and it started off good! There are little things that could be changed or improved but these are minor and don't take away from the enjoyment - for me anyway.
,Recommended,276810,19199632,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hit.Detection,10/10 Would lead giant rat marksmen into battle against ♥♥♥♥♥es with hammers again! XD
76561197993493755,Recommended,276810,26549451,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[HA] Fanatic,An underlooked turn-based tactical strategy game that is super fun to play and has extreme replayability.Full featured character/squad customization includeing equipment and skill upgrades.
76561198009995982,Recommended,276810,26633689,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Goeland foufou,"Saying anything bad about this game would be nitpicking.If you like turn based strategy, and/or Mordheim or just fantasy, you will enjoy this game.At first it may seems noob-unfriendly, but after some trial and error time, you'll start enjoying this game tremendously.I strongly recommand it.If you hesitate (like I did), just watch some youtube ""let's play"" and make your own opinion. It is really a fun and addictive game."
76561198004213597,Recommended,276810,22798741,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,elhammerhand1,"Love this game! If anyone is looking for a Xcom style game but set in the warhammer world with brutal brawls and tactical glory, then pick this up. Well worth your geek time.Sigmar wills it!"
76561198028582465,Recommended,276810,25415202,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,colinthunderbay,"The game is a lovely Turn Based Strategy with a couple of flaws in the execution only.  Often the characters themselves appear as if they can fit through something, but they cannot when you try.  Also there are times when enemy units have immunities to various mechanics, and it does not show this on the buff/debuff menus when you inspect an enemy unit prior to attacking.  That being said, this game does not show mercy or cut you any slack, but that is part of the appeal.  It is a very tactical and thinking man's game, where you can easily lose a character mid-mission, and they end up being useless or near useless afterwards, and you are counting the days until you can buy a replacement.  It is a beautiful application of a masochistic strategy game, that makes you feel reaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaly good when you out-maneuver your enemy, and leave them in a horrid position to fight from, while you overwhelm them with debuffs and swarm tactics."
76561198023020277,Recommended,276810,26443672,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DutchDefense,"Good game. Bad reviews mostly from the ""need instant gratification"" generation and are getting upset when it actually takes an effort to accomplish something."
76561198137951691,Recommended,276810,20123831,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,benjcollier,Solid. been playing for like 20+ hours and no sign of getting bored yet. plus replay value with other warbands is high and pvp would be fun if i was brave enough to risk my warband and try it
76561198065699718,Recommended,276810,26333069,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,dkou,"This is more of a slower type turn based game, so dont expect to be powering through the levels dominating in the first hour or two. I primarily played the campaign as thats what interests myself however the warhammer world and characters of the races sucked me in.Summary:Turn based, once you figure out how to be succesful and not lose characters every game you'll really enjoy it.Slow progression, customisable characters. DLC is a bit of an eye roll money grab but hey if you want to play with those characters you download, if you want to play against them its included in your game.Its a thumbs up from me."
76561198036960020,Not Recommended,276810,20823938,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mayor McCheese,"RNG is awful, multiple 80-90% chances to hit that all miss. Even statistically speaking you would make hits. AI is more favoured, as it is more likely to hit you than you would hit them.Lack of warbands, Mordheim did have vampires, orcs, undead ect...Lack of customization for your soldiersThe game can be challenging, however it is not fair majority of the time as it is poorly executed."
76561197986449317,Not Recommended,276810,20853920,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Stu-T-Rotherham,"Played an hour then refunded. A hodge podge interface which is immediately baffling, little in the way of obvious information presented to the user. Many icons with no tooltips.Doesn't appear to have translated any of the immediate accessibility of its tabletop parent, instead there is perhaps a decent game buried under there if you can be bothered to dig in and find it. I couldn't."
76561198002799474,Not Recommended,276810,34994701,Posted: 16 September,all,PolloDiablo,"Seemed like an awesome medieval gothic version of X-Com (which I loved). Probelm is, most combats have your heroes evenly matched. This means you win about 50% of your battles, usually determined by RNG at one point or another. You somewhat aimlessly wander some ruins, fight some random enemy to salvage some random stuff and deliver it to some unknown dudes. Not compelling in any way.  Bottom Line: I didnt like it, couldn't stick with it, uninstalled it."
76561198053913755,Not Recommended,276810,20888689,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Vayd422,"Super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interface, nice art. I played the tabletop version for 8+ years, and I still have problems figuring out what the ♥♥♥♥ is happening in this game sometimes. I'm messing around with it, but I wouldn't drop my own money on it :)"
76561198064483420,Not Recommended,276810,20841685,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,p1,"Really fun game, until you realize that the developers force you to play the sisters of sigmar.  They are so much stronger than all the other warbands its absurd.  It is one of only two complaints with this game.  They need to have their chance to hit lowered if they are going to put out that much damage, or have parry actually do something.  Parry being the second complaint...I played so many campaign fights with literally less than 10 parry procs.  This warband leader has 82% parry proc and does nothing but DODGE LOL.  Come on, fix this please.  Parry is worthless, and Sisters of Sigmar are do too much damage.  I would recommend staying away from this game till they truly balance these broken factors, they distinctly break the game."
76561198062124926,Not Recommended,276810,34995336,Posted: 16 September,all,M x,"The game is hard, that may be part of my problem with it, but without the ability to save the U.I. occaisionally puts you in situations where you cannot win and when you can't rely on a save to go back to this has made this game unplayably infuriating."
76561198025315292,Recommended,276810,23497292,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Parn,If you can't find people to play the tabletop this is a solid alternative. Catpures the city of Mordheim perfectly and the difficulty is solid.Needs more warbands but certainly worthwhile now.The warband you make is going to suffer losses. You will most likely be replacing people. You will most likely watch the dice fall against you at one time or another. This is exactly how it should be and you will learn two things in the city of the damned.1. Everyone can die.2. You best be prepared for♥♥♥♥♥♥to go down.Embrace this and accept these rules and you will do just fine. Well as fine as you can in a place like Mordheim.
76561197972926097,Recommended,276810,19398348,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chayat,THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME
76561197999495989,Recommended,276810,13052848,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Void,"Ok never played Mordheim (the tabletop one) but am a Warhammer fan, this game is good, even for early access its good (its no longer in early access and is still awesome) and you can see all the signs of it reaching significantly awesome when its finished (it did), if you like strategy games you'll like this, if you liked xcom (the good one) but thought it needed less guns and more stabbings then this game is for you. If however you think this game is not for you then its time to rethink your life and play this game.This game did for a considerable period of time have a difficulty spike that went from reasonable to you will die which in a game like this is beyond brutal that has now been removed, so while you'll still find the game pretty brutal it is no longer unfairly so.This below relates to something no longer in the game thankfully and I would give the developers every credit they listened to the fans and updated this.Incase you think that maybe I just wasn't up to the challenge here is how it goes. Effectively (and you wouldn't know this until you start the mission) when you reach the top of the stairs you are instantly and ambushed by creatures that can only really die if you hit them with items from the rest of the level, with the problem you can't get to them because of the combat you've just been forced into, this killed 3 consecutive warbands of mine, as in 50% or higher dead or maimed to beyond useless. This in a game that to get to that point will take 5-10 hours at least per warband is...irritating"
,Recommended,276810,14349900,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Silver_Joker,"10/10 best strategy game ive ever played if you play warhammer you will understand how to play quick if you haven't there are really good tutorials to help you,"
76561197993593767,Recommended,276810,14334544,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TheToastKing,"I have been a huge fan of Warhammer games since Dawn of War. This game goes back to the very basics of what Warhammer is; and is a direct reputation of the turned based combat. Mordheim takes Warhammer and makes it into the strategy game it should be, but that being said it still needs improvement. For starters, when I have defeated an enemy  champion, the game tells me I have been defeated and none of my progress is saved. With all things taken into consideration, the game is still in beta and is not near completion. I will say that if you are a Warhammer fan and love playing games based around the fiction this is the game for you! Have fun and enjoy!"
76561198006939060,Recommended,276810,14347320,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Chubby Demon,"Well.This game shows a lot of potential.Of course it's early access and so some of my critique may quickly become obsolete .Strategy combat around city scapes where you can climb, drop and leap is a lot of fun.Even though I am ignorant to Mordheim I greatly enjoy fantasy and this game has bucketloads of it.A nice choice of starting warbands although I am a bit unsure about the lack of female mercenaries ( I wouldn't use them anyway but I find it odd) Perhaps there is a lore based reason?  Great potential for future growth.The ambience and atmosphere of the game is great however I am not too sure about the suitability of the soundtrack.While I think the soundtrack is quality it sounds like the drums of war and great battles at points. But these aren't great battles: they are skirmishes for ones life in the dregs of a corrupted world.   Anyway it seems insignificant. Stylised music for each warband would be great also. Ironically the opening menu ambience is fantastic but it does not seem to be replicated in skirmishes.At the moment the games engine doesn't seem quite capable of supporting itself and I would highly recommend the coders get their butts in gear as to fixing critical game glitches for example playing versus  player seems to get stuck and 4/5 times will not get unstuck and you are left thinking of what might have been. Load times that don't seem to be done justice by the in game content.There are some minor graphical glitches  mostly in chraracter models. The human impressive unit looks bald from some angles if he has no headgear. The ogre has an invisible buttcrack when he's stunned. Sisters are miraculously empty on the inside of their armour and it's particularly evident when they fail a drop check. Brethrens robes spazzing out.  Overall the graphics are solid, stylised and make a positive impact on the game.Quite a few quality of life problems and glitches that need to be fixed up. There are spots in the map that are bugged one way or another. For example in the sewers of the church of sigmar there is a reddish tentacle-ridden area that one of my sisters got stuck in. There are multiple places where, as a ranged attacker, you can walk up a wall and get stuck in it for an added height boost and sniper spot particularly in houses of the merchants quarter. Seems to be a few problems with characters magically falling down walls they just climbed.  And the menus in skirmishes could really do with full mouse capabilities.There are people who are griping and giving this game a bad rap. You must understand that there will always be people who give a game a bad rap and in the last 5 years they seem to have crawled out from under every rock and basement known to man.  If you have a reasonable intellect you can master the keyboard menus quite easily. The game is quite the very definition of early access and an excellent early access game with the promise of great growth potential for 2v2 and great customisation and strategy.However I'm extremely fearful that this game will collapse or I will have to boycott it because it will become a left right and centre cash grab. Indeed, the game already shows omens of it in the form of currencies of wydrstone and coins. The ""Smugglers Den"". The potential to buy boosts for your characters for exp and expedite their learning of new spells.Purchashing mercenaries (Priest of Morr etc),While the wyrdstones and currency and upkeep are all in tune to the rules of the game it does not mean a player should have to fork out unreasonable amounts of real cash to manage them.The seeming potential for your warriors to become incapacitated or injured for periods of time, while realistic, is probably more about the potential for customers to purchase boosters that let them recover completely or faster.Depending on how overboard the group goes with cash grab if they do and I imagine they will. ( And come on, it's sanctioned or run by Games Worskship the people that sell, while of good quality, small figures of tin or plastic at prices going beyond twenty dollars and then squeezing you for the paint($36 for 2 medium pieces), the glue($12) and the tools(32+18) as well. Bless them.)Considering that the base game is not free to play they will be walking on thin ice with me and I imagine a lot of players if there isn't areasonablemeans for those who can't fork out money to build their warbands up and give them a sanctuary to play and enjoy the game where they don't constantly get stomped on by someone who has already learnt grand true comet of sigmar and  has 200 damage weapons. Sigmar forbid they make it so you have to WAIT because your lack the funds to pay for your warband or you don't have enough warriors and can't afford to buy a new one.That will drop the game to the status of a glorified facebook game and I would beseverelydisappointed.That aside I will try and remain positive for this game and hope to see it blossom into a popular title of its genre or atleast become a cult classic.For those of you considering the purchase of this game in early access please consider the following.o The PvP is not thriving yeto You can't build up resources or exp at this pointo There are some fatal game errorso The game requires more resources to run than it appears"
,Not Recommended,276810,17879876,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,shiodome,"I can't beleive this has been out since november now, is still a rubbish gaming experience and unfinished but they STILL have the gall to put it on sale.  spitting on everyone that signed up for early access to support the games development, and as much admitting the game is still-born.avoid."
76561198053921710,Recommended,276810,14413514,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,High Tide,"I fell in love with the Table top version over a decade ago, and I am loving this PC version. This game has a ton of potential, and anyone giving this bit of fun a negative rating should remind themselves that this is ""Early Access"" and give it a bit of slack. Can't wait for the next content patch. Keep up the good work guys.Update 10/10/15OMG! I love this game even more now. Progression and Campaign mode have made this a hit for me. I have been non-stop this past week. Easily added well over 4x my old play time, my skaven warband has been tons of fun. This team has been doing amazing things with this game and I hope they keep up the hard work. It's totally appreciated on my end."
,Recommended,276810,19472132,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DaBluePanda,"Like warhammer? Like xcom? buy this, and let your mutated freaks run amok amongst the mercenaries, whilst they smack skaven who are needlessly hounding the sisters of sigmar. ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I NEED SOMEONE TO PLAY AGAINST."
76561197970537481,Recommended,276810,19222269,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Rogue Zombie,"Finally the release is here.This games scratches an itch I have had for years.  Turn based combat - with character growth, and character injury.The first time your veteran loses an arm, a leg, or an eye - you will feel it.The first time your one armed veteran returns to action and shows he still has what it takes, you will feel pride in this little digital warrior - or you'll use him for fodder.The game has great atmosphere, decent art, decent sound, and amazing gameplay.  It does have a small campaign available for each warband that mixes things up a little bit.I have just really enjoyed my time searching and scavenging the city of Mordheim.  I have recommended this game to several people at work who have bought it and also have enjoyed it.If the devs read this, here is my wishlist:- more customization options, I would even be willing to pay for this.- new art for blue and purple items compared to white items- birght wizards!- more warbandsah you know - just keep adding on to this amazing game.  I look forward to seeing what else is coming!"
76561198113836912,Not Recommended,276810,31187281,Posted: 16 April,all,Skizmo,"More frustrating than fun. Wanted to like it like many others, and their are elements I do love, but it leaves a bad taste after a few failed warbands get slaughtered by unholy bad luck. At least in other difficult games there is a feeling that when you lose it's becuase YOU failed, not becuase you got a streak of bad RNG or unlucky placement. Also, getting better at the game is not fun, and the time and effort into getting more experienced feels not at all worth it (at least to me anyway.) Those that like, or don't mind, a more punishing tactical game with gambling elements may find more to love."
76561198019760472,Recommended,276810,19233276,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Comedian,"Playing since september i gues, very nice, atmosphere as it should be according to the lore. Early access ended with a lot of patches. I was waiting 2 more factions to be added at the release - witchhunters and undead. But i am sure you will make this soon! you should make it ))P.S.  rogue factor , mordheim city of the damned developers team take a note.#rogue factor#mordheim city of the damned#mordheim steam sales"
76561198035635933,Recommended,276810,32483463,Posted: 16 June,all,DarkBlaze,Game is hard and i love hard. Warhammer valkyria Chronicles what could be better.
76561198076829313,Not Recommended,276810,29280441,Posted: 15 January,all,maxwell2429,"One of those awesome games that the devs drop the ball on.   It is unforgiving and brutal, and thats what makes it awesome. But now after some updates the game went from crashing every so often to wont start.......wait for it to be on sale...."
,Recommended,276810,19288901,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,a small problem,"you like XCOM? goodyou like Warhammer? goodyou like XCOM like games, set in the warhammer universe? excellent!when buy this game, you will not regret itthe only problem, is that the loading time, takes just a much time, as a snail trying to cross the highway in germany"
76561198005067511,Recommended,276810,19286743,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Neckshot,dam this is fun
,Recommended,276810,14330869,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Winnowill,"Wow, niceBut please add customization of keyboard layout :)"
76561197971946105,Recommended,276810,25895514,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,lvscion,It is fun to personalize and build up your warband.
,Recommended,276810,19163229,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,razgon,"Awesome - Simply awesome. Played in Early access, and now its realeased, and its just more fun and more exicting than ever.Basically, this is the mercenary band simulator I always wanted ,and on top of that,  its set in the Warhammer world - Glorious!"
76561198038180079,Recommended,276810,24821544,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,prune_99,"awesome awesome game love it!  The graphics are absolutely beautiful, the warhammer feel and turn based combat are amazing and I love all of the different units that u can build and play.  So what if u cant loot everything u arent suppossed too be able too lol u think your enemy is not gonna attack u in hostile territory and just let u loot everything?  keep dreaming.  Amazin game devs thanks and keep adding more i'll buy it!"
76561198005622554,Not Recommended,276810,21116395,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Travelocity,"Trash, hasn't been supported well and trying to charge for DLC before the game is even playable."
76561198036058649,Not Recommended,276810,19775135,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,m.lauchs,"I was really looking forward to playing Morheim. But this isn't it. Its a bloody horrible, unnecessarily uncontrolable pile of poo. I haven't been able to finish a single turn because controls are both too sensitive in some places and non-responsive in others. I can't find a map of the playing table and it is too difficult to control the figures. You could have done this really well with a simple game. Instead you got carried away and made crap."
,Recommended,276810,19805004,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,kkirkman520,"I don't normally review games but I will make an exception this time for a few reasons. This game is exceptionally good, and it's current reviews do not reflect that. When reading other negative reviews I encourage potential buyers to read with the question in mind ""Would this person's problem have been solved if they had just been better at the game?""I read review after review and nearly every negative one I read was filled with paragraphs of ""The RNG is broken, Its impossible to recover from deaths or serious injuries"". Having played the game a significant amount I can confirm that these extensive reviews could easily be replaced with ""The game was too hard for me""Mordheim is hard, think Dark Souls. There is a sharp learning curve to it and even with my brother and I playing and sharing information I still couldn't get a lvl 10 warband decent enough to beat the last mission until I remade it 3 times. This was not as frustrating as it sounds though because there are plenty of options and variations to try, and each on has a particular niche that it works best in.Lastly, I have had this game since early Beta and the team working on it is one of the best I have experienced. Currently the game is only lacking in a few quality of life tweaks like the touchiness of shooting through windows or ambushing through dorways. But in the short time I have owned this game these problems are repidly disappearingMy point is, the game is too hard for the people leaving poor reviews and I highly recommend it"
76561198088047098,Not Recommended,276810,21154137,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Noxys,"I can't even begin to describe how frustrating this game is.  The worst part about it is that I like this style of game, and I desperately want to like this one, but I just can't because it's not honest.  The roll system in this game indicates a percentage likelihood to succeed in any given task, so when I have 7 people who all have a greater than 75% chance to hit their targets and I hit twice in 3 rounds, I have a problem.  If this was one scenario then I'd write it off as a set of bad rolls, but it's not just one scenario.  As the Skaven, who have the best agility, I failed 7 out of 8 of the agility tests I tried with over 70% chance to succeed.  As the mercenaries who have the best ballistics skills starting out, I never hit once with a ranged weapon.  The Sisters of Sigmar were the group I had the best luck with and I did that by tanking and trading blows, but that only works when you can actually hit at the rate you're supposed to.  So take any given % chance they show you and subtract somewhere between 20 and 50 from it and you'll have the actual rate of success.  If the numbers were accurate I'd love this game.  Instead I hate it because I'm constantly expecting what it tells me.Edit:  I've forced myself to continue playing in order to get my money's worth, and while I still don't recommend the game, I do have some more insight into it now.  I'm leaving my initial review because most of what was said still stands and it accurately portrays the frustration I felt upon initially starting the game.  I've since found that the game seriously suffers from an inverse difficulty curve where the game is extremely difficult for people who haven't put any time into it yet.  The more you play the more bonuses you get for both existing and new warbands.  This means that warbands you start later will have fewer starting problems, mostly that they won't feel forced to take missions that feel outside of their level.  The issues with rng still exist at higher levels.  When I have a skill that initally has a 75% chance to succeed and I cast it 3 times at base and 2 times with a plus 15% chance to succeed and I only get one success and 3 ""divine wrath"" results that basically end that characters turn (and the divine wrath chance was only 15% chance on each cast) I feel as though instead of being told my success rate I'm being told my failure rate.  I understand that the game is supposed to be difficult, but there is definitely something wrong with the rng.  I'm even contemplating keeping track of everything I do to see just how far off the percentages are.  The game can become enjoyable, if still frustrating, but it just takes too much effort to really be worth it in my opinion."
76561198013645324,Not Recommended,276810,25182441,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,tom2782,"As a fan of Games Workshop I was looking forward to playing this game.  Positives first it looks great, has not lagged, crashed or frozen on me once.  Sounds great and does a dame good job is emulating the table top game it is based on.  The reasons why I am not recommending this game boil down to the combat.  To be fair to Rogue Factor they have done a good job in merging the rolls to hit, wound and save into one single action but however there are some major problems.First the percentage chance show when about to hit an opponent is just wrong.  It only shows your chance of hitting after your characters modifiers are taken into account, but not the enemies.  The community keeps pointing out that the opponent’s modifiers are shown; they are just not included in the calculations for hitting.  This is especially frustrating when despite being told you have a 95% chance to hit, you miss four times in a row.  Second and perhaps the biggest the range for the RNG used in this game is too high.  When turning a table top game that requires dice to play into a computer game using an RNG is a good way of measuring the dice rolls.  In this case however Rogue Factor have taken a game that uses dice numbered between 1-6 and ups it to 1-100.  This is a major issue as it greatly increases the chances of missing and failing to repel attacks.  The worst one of these I experienced was having a single Novice from the Sisters of Sigmar kill two of my henchmen and my war band leader on her own because I could not roll a single hit.I would suggest you play Bloodbowl instead as Cyanide has done a far better job at converting a tabletop game into a computer game."
76561198027156385,Recommended,276810,23594598,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"Loads of fun, yet very challenging. Round by round, the game might not seem challenging, but when you start losing powerful characters and have to start from the bottom, and struggle to catch that character back up, things can get rough. THankfully, the game is very rewarding. There is something called the Vetran system. The more you play your different warbands, the more all new warbands will benefit. Such as higher level characters you can purchase later in the game, saving you the trouble of re-leveling a character from scratch, but at a hefty price. Also, starting your warband with more gold.The only real issue with this game, is it needs more content. I'd love more warbands to be added. But, it is a small fault. The core game is still great, I'd just like to see it grow even more."
,Not Recommended,276810,34869175,Posted: 10 September,all,Siege18,I thought it was neat but the turn based combat is not as unique it's super repetative. Many of the different maps i played i thought they were the same exact ones but really they have a few different randomly generated pieces. I is fun but gets old pretty quick.
76561198065203978,Not Recommended,276810,31693625,Posted: 11 May,all,Landshark,"It's not fun.I'll start by letting it be known that though I own some Warhammer games, I do not frequently play their games and am not a die-hard fan. I'm just your average person who frequently likes strategy games and looked into this game and thought, ""Wow! This looks so cool and like it'll be really fun. I'll probably be able to get past there not being tons of different character races and things like that. The videos just look like it'll be awesome!"" I then proceeded to download it and see that it had somewhere from 12 to 16 tutorials that were all long but essential to knowing how the game worked. I spent over 90 minutes just playing the first three and I understood from that time that it wasn't fun for me and that I wanted to try and refund it even though I've owned it (without playing it) for many months since purchase.It seems to generally be tactiful and interesting as you learn the mechanics or scouting around looting and setting up for fights with enemies. It explains the mechanics of the game and how characters may differ from each other and really sets the game up as an interesting strategy game. There were things I didn't get to see of the game, but it turned out that it was really boring. You could scout around and eventually find an enemy (not hard), but that was the fun part. Your next move is to think about how you want to engage or if you want to set-up ambushes. Once an engagement occurs, its just round after round of using the basic attack function and then ending the turn with one of two defensive plays. You sit there and hope that your two attacks hit with each having a 60-70% chance. You can use spells and buffs to make things better, but it doesn't do a lot to change the game.I don't know, you may not have found this random information useful, but I didn't find this fun. It was overly complex as you eventually get to learn of tons of stat information and things like that and then it boils down to basic attacks. I even have my friend who is a die-hard Warhammer fan and frequently plays and loves all their games, but he actually hates this game and thinks its garbage (I don't know his reasons). Try it if you want, but I'd not recommend it."
76561197980333161,Not Recommended,276810,29849481,Posted: 11 February,all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello, here is my review for Mordheim: city of the damnedPro:Nice and rather unique gameplay for a tactical game, you run in 3rd person view around in the levels. That is rather immersive.Contra:Difficulty and Balance is all over the place. You can do like 10 games a win and then be slaughtered hard without any possible resistance.The start is just too hard. Your warband units are just useless, they can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥ The enemy units have roughly 50% better stats in every category. My henchmen have like 100 hp the enemy henchmen have 150 in a normal mission, not hard or brutal or even deadly. Some faction like the skaven dish out healthy damage like 60 2 times in row, enough to one hit a lvl 0 henchmen or even hero.Bad Levelscaling:The warband rating raises with every win or levelup of your units. But the combat performance of your men does not rise so fast. So you are outmatched every battle, the sense of progression is just not there. Why even bother with playing the game if you never leave the underdog status. Even the number of enemies is the same as your warband. If you take an impressive with you you will face an enemy impressive. An impressive is a big special unit. The excitement.Tactics, The only way to win battles is numerical superiority. Building tanks or dodgy characters is just luck. You can win but not consistently, having bad luck just destroys your team. So you try to attack a single foe with all of your men and hope that you can kill them piecemeal before the rest of the enemy warband arrives. So the tactical options are verynarrow in the beginning. Later it could open up, but skills cost a fortune. That leads to the next bad point.Economy:You get like 500 gold at the start to equip your warband, but there is not really much to buy in the shops. After each battle you have to treat your fallen wounded warriors or get new men for killed or crippled aka worthless units. That can happen rather quickly. So a small warband that was doing rather fine could be utterly worthless after one battle. I only played like 20 battles until i lost interest. Wound treatment costs like 15 gold per wounded unit. I had many successful missions without any gold income so far. The items found sold for 2 to 5 gold pieces and were really sparse. The wyrdstone collection does not get you much income too. Like 140 for 75 or 380 for 145. But you spent more on warband support und treatment cost then you earn. A really rough start.Difficulty:There are not really difficulty options. You can search for easy missions, but that easy missions are not easy at all. The enemy warband is better in every regard then your units. On hard brutal or deadly missions that gets really out of hand. The enemy units have double the hp, can not be hit at all and have double the damage output then your units. And the difficulty rises automatically with time. Yourwand gets slightly better, even non combat stats rise the warband rating, so your units do not get more efficient but the enemy does.Ranged units are wortless in the beginning. Even when they hit one time a round they do laughable damage. like 15 hp of an enemy unit. In melee they die quickly. Against some warbands that dont use ranged units often you gimp yourself by taking units with you.There is no saving option for your warband. Hours of progress can be lost in the blink of an eye.The story campaign missions were too hard, had no chance with a fresh warband in it. You are expected to grind random skirmishes forever to get a maxed out team that is able to do the campaign missions. So there was no story at all for me only random missions.I played only some matches but this game seems only for expert players or cheaters, the start is so roughly and seems impossible. Hard games like Dark souls are a walk in the park compared to this atrocity. If you like to be hit repeately and punished then this game is perfect for you. If you like random dice rolls that are rigged against you, if you like untouchable enemy units, that you have next to zero hit chance against, if you like AI getting high advantages in every category that is. Everyone else should avoid it like hell. Not fun at all for me.Thanks for reading have a nice day."
76561198053169798,Recommended,276810,31488567,Posted: 1 May,all,Morne,"Am addicted to this game. Its turn based like x-com but instead of a grid, your movement is based on distance, which is refreshing change. The game can be really punishing at times, characters can end up with injuries, lost limbs, eyes ect or even die. Can be frustrating if you have invested time and gold in leveling them up but personally i think its a great mechanic, it makes the game intense. There are exhibition matches though without negative consequences but you dont gain loot or exp. Would of liked to have seen a bit more options for customizating the characters apearance but theres lots of skill and spell customisation for them. There is alot of RNG but you can lessen/improve its effect by leveling up and buying passives. So far ave played 200+ hours and its still holding my interest. Pity the devs have moved onto a new game, would of liked to see more dlc, saying that am looking forward to the new game as well."
76561198092629637,Recommended,276810,28380274,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,1mahkt,"The ""Dark Souls"" of Tactics GamesFirst lets clear up the ""RNG"" conspiracy all of the negative reviews are focusing on. When you see 67% for a hit that is what your chance to land a blow is. IF you roll that check and IF you get your 67% your opponent WILL THEN roll their Dodge/Block chance. That is not taken into account into the % to hit chance you see. Settle down and do some research before crying about the difficulty.With that said this is a great game, it will make you go rage mode but will keep you coming back for more if you truely enjoy tactics games. This game requires that you have overwhelmingly solid tactics making use of choke points etc. You need to keep a pretty deep roster because you will lose guys in a fight. You will need lots of trial and error but that makes a win more rewarding, and unlike some games when your guy gets ""knocked out"" theres a chance he will make it in the end, albeit with possibly one less arm.This game has hundreds of hours in it if you want to invest in trying out all of the different factions. I haven't even beat the game yet and have over 80 hours. I recommend this game to anyone who can do the math and do not to those who scream RNG and hit the refund button."
76561198132237227,Recommended,276810,22786818,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Wolfmeup,I understand why people didnt like this game I personally dont think this game is worth the 40$ price but I enjoyed my time with the game and I found it did a great job of creating the city of mordheim and its great how you can personalize your warriors in many ways with different colors and differnt armour peices. The game is hard and some of the dice rolls feel a little off like the time I missed a 97% dice roll 2 times in a row but overall I enjoyed the game and what it had to offer
,Recommended,276810,31543610,Posted: 4 May,all,PizzaPowardGaming,i have bought both the game and DLCs at the same time and here is what i can say about it thus far.pros of the game:+it has complexity to it rarely seen in games anymore...+its unique way of making you fear the death of your troops makes it insanely challenging while keeping the game fun+the overall lore behind the game is interesting [even if you don't read much into it.]+the races all have their own balanced out power+it can bring this sense of fear and excitement at the same time while still being turn based and tactically basedcons of the game:-all in all i do not like the price of it...while i agree a lot has gone into it the game doesn't seem worth the pricing it has...[especially with dlcs]-i will agree that the DLCs are a bit OP... but not OVERLY so...the only one i'd say is an insane boost to a faction are the globadiers-while it has uniqueness it feels like it has far to much of a learning curve for people newer to strat games.-in my opinion the lack of tooltips is...well lacking. it isn't so bad but i have moments where i sit there trying to min/max my damage or def on a character only to get frustrated that it won't give me all the stats and numbers consistantly.-overall the dice seems fairly....weird...even for a random roll it seems to favor odd numbers of % and in damage...while this isn't bad i am slightly confused how this happens?... but maybe its just dumb luck thus far?WITH ALL THAT BEING SAID!:this game is a very good one (i'd give it a 8/10)...i would recommend if you can get it on sale do so...cause over all the price is nice but not THAT nice... especially if you plan to grab the DLCs on top of that... this game will try to sorta bone you at a lot of turns...and expects you to overcome challenges that feel like an impossible task...the best you can do is hope the roll of the dice favors you and try your hardest to run away and live for the next fight or tear your enemy to pieces and make them regret their existance on your map :3SIDE NOTE!:the DLCs i recommend completely are the undead and the globadier. the rest are not bad but in my opinion they seem kinda...meh... so if you are planning to buy dlcs i'd go with those two :3 or you can be like me and just buy them all. up to you in the end.
76561198006872726,Recommended,276810,14841321,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,exL.Shtyrmovik,"In general, the idea of the game is very good, and delight plans for further improvements ... But. As long as you do not add to the game At least Russian interface my score game - negative.___________________________Update: 03/12/2015In connection with the promise of the developers have added several languages localization estimates change to ""positive"" ...))Vince, thank you for your comment. Hope you gave me appreciate vote.I hope for your word of honor;)For everyone else:The gameplay is really fascinating, and looking at the promise - just jump for joy! I advise you to buy this game early access to support and motivate developers.___________________________Update 09/27/2015The idea of the game interesting, but it is too little content. Choose from several types of armor available almost from the beginning, and not a very large assortment of weapons a few upsets. I would like to see more weapons (perhaps some modernization it) and armor and their unique and rare counterparts. So, in my opinion, still not enough voice characters. Their silence eventually begins to put a damper.At the same time, I have high hopes that the game will add a new faction.And yet still not enough localization, because the game has a large number of specific skills and abilities, which are not always understood without translation."
,Not Recommended,276810,20827245,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Acharenus,"Very simplistic turn based stategy game, don't let that trick you into thinking it's easy. RNG rules and it doesn't favor you in the least apparent 80% will miss three times in a row for your warband but the AI doesn't seem to obey the rules of Chance.But even if it did it serves to highlight the real problem with the game. The complete lack of depth to it's gameplay to give context, at the ten hour mark you may have characters with two or three abilities all behaving much the same. Some warbands have purely worse troops that still cost the same...management is shallow and limited, deployment is more often then not taken from you.All the preparation in the world and all the careful management (or what little the game offers) matters little when all but moving your troops is reliant on a dice roll.Other tactics games simply do more, often with much less powerful hardware.Add to that an abusive requirement to hand in resources regularly forcing you to focus on collection in battles where the AI can simply focus on you.The entire game seems like it was designed by a dev team who didn't know how to make a challengeing game but still wanted to plaster ""Hardcore"" on eveything.If you're a warhammer fan you've probably already brought it and are playing it like me simply because it's a warhammer game that's vaguely playable.In even simpler terms, this focus on making as simple a game as possible but also as ""Hard"" makes a game that only real masochists will enjoy beyond it's warhammer skin. If you want more challenge then that afforded you by making your way through a brick wall with your face there are many other roguelikes available to play."
76561198045311545,Not Recommended,276810,20992275,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Calafair,"Not a good game. No save option cos its ""hardcore"". u train your guys for hours and then even though they are suppose to have 90% hit rate with the items u give them, u miss 6 times in a row and the enemy kills ur guy permanently in 2 hits. GG. The reviews here arent accurate too. Google the reviews and you will see EVERY review complaining about the difficulty. dont get this game"
,Not Recommended,276810,20838522,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,12 Years a Slav,"A game that has so much potential. But it is undeniable that there are SERIOUS balance issues. Sisters warband and Skaven are superior hands down.The start of the game is MUCH too brutal to players.There is no increasing difficulty as the mobs increase at the same rate your warband does.Items at the start of the game are completely pointless. If you work for hours and hours and don't die you MIGHT get a better weapon or armor.Almost all potions have a downside to them that typically outweighs any benefit and they also take up inventory space, which means you will not be able to loot as much.Ranged units are trash until MAYBE they are OKAY at the end-game when you have lots of units (MAYBE).Progression takes too long and by the end of your progression you aren't even happy with what you ended up with.If you pick a good faction, and then only go after missions that are the easiest type (warpstone rush) then the game is super easy mode. But if you stray from that, you will probably not play the game for a few weeks when your leader falls and dies.Customization is poorly labled... instead of picking colors for your clothing/armor you get to flip through a list that is just numbered (lazy programming here). You also get to do that for every single character since you cannot do a pre-built color scheme similar to the original 40k games.Final impression: This is sorta like the ""kife-game"" of video games. It looks so cool, and that's probably why you want to play it. But after the pain of actually playing the game, you will be filled with remorse and sadness. The balance issues really just kill the game right now along with only having a few units and a few warbands to choose from. At best this is a watered down intro to the tabletop game. At worst, it is a waste of any time you put into it."
,Not Recommended,276810,34319472,Posted: 17 August,all,NO0bMeister,Bugs. Too many bugs.
,Not Recommended,276810,23846161,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mako,"Pros: Great gem of a game and almost a must get if you like the gritty feel of games like Darkest Dungeon paired with RPG tactics and an ever improving squad of units.Cons: Gamebreaking bugs, notably experienced a load stuck at 98% bug which seems to have existed for over half a year without a fix. Only solution was to start again or cripple the current warband for quitting out :PWould easily recommend but in-game RNGeezus is tough enough without messing with the save files."
,Recommended,276810,13259378,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Stuck,"Love it, can't wait for more content to be added"
,Not Recommended,276810,28198553,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TheRelaxRelapse,"While this is a functional turn based game, it's not the best turn based game you can play. Buying the DLC was enitely too expensive for what you get. The game feels unfair at times and customization is not particularly great or fun.I should have saved my money and purchased a few table top minutures. It would have been more fun.I would not recommend this game, even to a fan of the tabletop game."
,Not Recommended,276810,33752761,Posted: 23 July,all,Revii Lagoon,"I thought X-Com had bad RNG, this is worse, much much worse. Save yourself the trouble of dealing with the frustratingly broken RNG and avoid this. Difficulty should come in the form being out manned, having slightly worse gear than the enemies, and less access to skills. RNG should not be the primary reason for the difficulty in a game, and sadly that is exactly the case for Mordheim. The game itself is fun and engaging, but a broken and non-functioning RNG system makes this game unbearable."
76561197969346790,Recommended,276810,17087718,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Von Demon,"I've been in the Early Access for awhile now and this dev team has made consistent progress. The game is looking very polished at this stage and if you have any interest, now is a good time top take the plunge."
76561198022400496,Not Recommended,276810,34315986,Posted: 17 August,all,kevvo1971,I wanted to like it having grown up a big fan of the whole Warhammer Fantasy universe. But the game controls are pretty awful. It's incredibly frustrating trying to find enemies that are indicated on the overview map but it doesn't show what level they are relative to your character. I spent ages running around in circles up and down stairs trying to find enemies that were apparently almost next to me. What finally made uninstall and consign to the Never Play Again folder were the glitches were a character is stuck in terrain and unable to move for the rest of the battle.
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,276810,15794409,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,stevegit,"As an early access I would normally give it some wiggle room, but considering the price tag, I would expect a lot more out of this game.Pros:  It isn't done, so maybe it will become a good game.Cons:* Very excessive load times for such a short skirmish (1-2 minutes for 15 minutes of play), this should be a big fix target.* Not sure if it is because I am new, but perhaps the computer enemies should not get 3 attacks to my 1-2 and somehow have 2 extra people at the same time.  Game balance is for crap, and without difficulty settings, I don't even want to fight 100 fights to figure out how to finally beat them.  (Worst part, they were the same faction, so it is not factional aspects).  And when they ran into 3 traps and still killed me so completely, something is wrong.* Management doesn't seem to say much, not sure how to ""configure"" people to win, assumed the default would do it."
76561197985958631,Not Recommended,276810,26422683,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mithrandir,"Not worth its asking price. Everything in the game is too convoluted, too much of the UI information obfuscated(you can see what the various stats mean between the missions, but not during the missions), and you are forced to scrap your campaign multiple times as when bad luck strikes and you fail a single mission, that is a blow from which you are not likely to recover, as if you just keep on going, your warriors will deteriorate due to carrying wounds from previous fights they lost, even the Undead. They are not really Undead in any sense, they are just humans with a different skin and some unique passive abilities.I wish I could still have a refund for this utter trash. Sadly, the few missions I played took far too much time and I went past the two hour mark.The game looks terrible, plays poorly, FPS spikes over one thousand during the opening credits which is sure to harm your  GPU in the long run, and suffers from very ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design."
76561198052480866,Recommended,276810,23521405,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,lunaticasylum,"Hey! This is absolutely one of the best tactical games for the last few years! Well done, developers! I wish that I had more time to play this! Do not forget to add all of the DLCs too: this adds to the variety of the gameplay.While I ignored the witchhunters as a warband, as I would rather hunt witchhunters, the addition of the vampire warband made the game even more attractive."
76561198039383244,Not Recommended,276810,21506677,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Ferrus,"I usually play games in order to relax from being hard working self-employed, husband and father.Those duties provide the challenge in my life and since this game is both challenging and random in so many aspects it simply doesn’t work for me.This game is dedicated for hardcore players only and the price is also only for them.For the entire rest I would not recommend to buy it until it’s on 50% sale.It will save Your nerves for wasting money on a game that You will not want to play unless You are in top mental and health condition and also ready for having a bad mood after playing it.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,276810,33740202,Posted: 23 July,all,TeaJay,"This game is hard, and there is no way you're going to change that. No difficulty sliders, a very punishing dice system and hours of progress nullified with just a single defeat.I understand that this has it's appeal to people, but if you're short on time and just want to play some quick relaxing games, look elsewhere. This game is more stressfull then anything else it offers."
76561198067694490,Not Recommended,276810,28137780,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mr. Kinneas,"I want to love Mordheim, but I can't. The idea of it is great, but disheartening in practice. For one, your enemies always seem to be better than you. They dodge more often and hit more often. They sometimes even outnumber you while being better than you. And you have to spare troops to acquire special stones while your superior enemy swarms you, so you can send the stones to your faction's benefactor every few days, cause if you don't do it four times then your warband is finished.I love games that challenge me, but Mordheim just feels like I'm being punished.Oh, how silly of me. I forgot to mention the entire map is a clusterf*ck of traps. Traps on the floor, on the walls, I'm surprised there's none on what few ceilings there are."
,Not Recommended,276810,27885949,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boozebeard,"I want to like this game, the actual design of the game seem pretty fun but unfortunately the digital implementation of it is awful. The controls and UI particularly make me unable to recommend this game, they are really atrocious, which is quite unforgiveable as the actual design of the mechanics was already made for the table top, so other than art assets the UI and controls were basically all they had to do.This is a game that should be perfect to play with a mouse and keyboard, with a similar control system to a game like XCOM, unfortunately it has clearly been designed for a controller and even when using a controller it's not much better. Getting the information you actually want, like what an ability does or the debuffs and buffs on your character always takes multiple button presses to get to instead of just being displayed on screen or as a tooltip.You can't zoom out and get a good view of the battlefield, you are always locked behind whatever characters turn it currently is, I think there is a sort of 2D map you can look at but it it would be much more useful to just be able to zoom out in 3D and pan around the map.The graphics are also really mediocre, very flat lighting and shaders. But it's really the UI and controls that are a game killer for me.Again, the game its self is quite fun and compelling, I can see why it gathered a following in its table top incarnation but the developers have managed to make it such a chore to try and play that I honestly don't see myself going back to it."
76561198009934861,Recommended,276810,24186839,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Slick,GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its very hard but also very worth it!!!!!!
76561197995282423,Recommended,276810,17879695,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mormon_Jesus,ok game. but should follow the rules of the game it's self.  need to add all the warbands and all the hired swords as well as all the mission from the game.  so as long as they fix that this game should be great. other wise it will be mordheim but not really.. which is what i dont want. i want mordheim but on PC so please just follow the rulebook that can be found anywhere online.
76561198028242786,Not Recommended,276810,28148700,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Goodbye,"Read guides until you know how to metagame and min/max everysingle little thing to beat the RNG bullsh!t. Tactics don't matter, the enemy can play right into your hand. But RNG says you will always miss attacks, and get critted every round.Also they give the AI enemies extra damage and HP to make it even more""difficult"". RNG unfairness in an uneven playing ground.Was fun while it lasted."
76561198030419716,Recommended,276810,29117209,Posted: 8 January,all,tuhyoriesok,"I really like this game. I just came back to it after lil pause and its TIME VAMPIRE.Now. DO YOUR RESEARCH if u are considering to buy this game. U want to go in this game prepared and educated to avoid frustration and anger.The story mode (missions) is nothig to write home about. I my self stopped to play those and focus only to leveling my warband and continuing to rising up favor of factions – that is game for me.My first warband was Skaven one. I did a lot of mistakes in skill appointment so is pretty far level wise but a bit messed up stat wise and  bit ""overcrowded"". By overcrowding, i mean, that is better to have less units in deployment than more - at least for me. Games are much faster and more manageable. If u dont like to meeting up impressives just dont bring them into fight by your self and you are fine. Game matches your enemies to unit types u have (hench, hero, impressive and so on).If u have less units in delpoyment u have easier time to replace untis that are healing or training. An its matter of equiping them as well.I ran game usually in group of 4. If u like massive battles go ahead and add more. But for someone starting less is better. U will not be stronger if u will have more units, amount of your units always = amount of enemy units.Have fun and spread glory of your warband through Mordheim.lil summarypros:– customisation of units (to not high degree but it is there – u can use predefined colorschemes (cant pick any color u like))– can last a long time if u can survive some amount of repetition (non issue for me)– PvP do not play my self, i like to take my time and not worry about anyone elses time in this one, but if u like challenge go ahead– even more fun and strategy with DLCs– rats are fun– u have to think and positioning is everything– helpful comunitycons:– u cant make pink army !!!!!– there are still some bugs– not very friendly to new players– repetitive in some way (there is set amount of maps u will be deployed so after time u seen them all, but changing deployment places and objective placement is your friend in this one)– somewhat stupid AI (if they see u they WILL go after you – no exception), i would prefer bit more sneaky one, but i will say that they got me few times with my pants down so not that bad (there is still PvP for high level play)"
,Recommended,276810,19294717,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,g.j.holes,"A frustraiting game, I have repeatedly found myself backed into a corner, casualties mounting, gold runing out and every battle i find is brutal difficulty, one bad battle win or lose can cripple you warband, the single rolling autosave mean that there is no backing out if you make a mistake. I like the injury and permadeath system, but if you could pemenantly save after each of the warband specific campaign mission, it would balance the permadeath a bit better, rather than the all or nothing you have now.Customizing of warbands is good but colours are not consistant and there is no way to apply a scheme across multiple characters each has to be modified seperately.in terms of the actual gamepplay location dependant actions are often really random ill spend some time making minute adjustments to locate the right wyrdstone  or climb point, especially when trying to position on several items of loot in one go.All in all I enjoy the game but it is far too frustraiting I really want to keep playing, but im not sure how long ill keep it up."
76561198019599257,Recommended,276810,19210580,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mr_Darkmane,"I bought it in early access ages ago as I played this tabletop game as a child and loved it.I waited until it was out of early access before playing it as I didn't want to ruin it (just like I don't watch trailers for movies).I am loving it. The game mechanics are very different to the original game but they work very well as a video game. Amazingly well in fact. This is the best designed game I'm played in a long time.I love the open-ended, rogue-like nature of the game. I got brutally slaughtered in the first game (before I realised not to split my band up) but still enjoyed it as I was immediately spending XP and changing my choice of weapons.Losing is common, but it's not so bad as your warriors don't die (some get injuries, usually 1 max). Just keep grabbing Wyrdstone on the matches.I've had zero crashes in 13 hours, of playtime. It is slow to load the matches (~40 secs) but once they start it's fine.If you like tactical combat and open-ended gamepleay, I can honestly say this is the best game like this that I've ever played in the last couple of years.Edit after 150 hrs:Still enjoying the game very much. The main flaw, and it's a big one, is that the AI pathfinding is pretty poor. This means that sometimes the AI warriors get stuck and essentially waste their turn. I hope they fix this in a patch as this game could otherwise be a classic."
76561198013684741,Recommended,276810,19212224,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jaketh Shae,"Mordheim is a turn based strategy game with some vague similarities to the XCOM series but set in the dark, gritty fantasy world of Games Workshop's Warhammer Fantasy setting.This game is an adaption of the classic tabletop game Mordheim (which was itself the fantasy reskin of the excellent TT game Necromunda) and it captures the setting extremely well. The graphics and music evoke the right atmosphere and look damn good, especially when you realise what a small team it was working on this game.The game itself is hard. Like, really hard. Particualrly at the beginning, where the learning curve is like an overhanging cliff (and the wide skill selection is an avalanche that starts when you're part way up). The tutorials are good but they don't cover everything, they're definitely worth going through though. It does get easier and you'll find that you're able to do Brutal and Deadly missions and generally win, although that doesn't mean you won't lose people to going Out of Action during those wins.Ah yes, out of action... This game has permanent consequences for your actions. There's no save scumming, although there is an ironman style autosave feature in case of crashes, etc. Other than that you have to live with your decsisions and, due to it's TT roots, the roll of the die. Yeah, sometimes RNG can screw you, it's just that sort of game. Your mooks will go down and out and, when they do, they will end up picking up injuries or straight up dying. That part of Mordheim and, at least for me, part of the fun!So the purpose of the game? You've been sent to Mordheim by a baacker who is funding your activities in the city. Their exact nature and reasons for sending you there vary from faction to faction but suiffice it to say you work for them. And what you're doing for them is collecting warpstone, a resource that's scattered throughout the maps. You will periodically have deliveries to fill for them where they require a particualr amount of warpstone. Failing to make those deliveries will eventually lose you the game so try to make them on time. Other than that you will be levelling up your warriors and your warband, as well as you as a player via the Veteran System whereby you get perks like additional starting gold and access to Veteran Skills. Your warband will gain stat increases, more strategy points and offence points, as well as gaining skill points to spend on the bewildering array of passive and active skills available (warning: they aren't cheap, especially when you master a skill). Some of your guys will gain access to spells, and as you level up new hero types (and eventually the mighty Impressives) will be come available to your warband.  You'll also loot more powerful equipment and begin discover magical formulae that allow you to place marks on your weapons and armour, that do a variety of things.All in all I would definitely recommend the game. I very much enjoy it and can't wait to have a try at multiplayer (I've only done single player thus far), where I think the game will really shine. Just be aware that it is a hardcore exsperience. You will lose matches, you will have people get injured and die, your equipment will be looted from their bodies, you will struggle for gold to pay your warband and buy skills and replacement warriors. That's an integral part of Mordheim and might mean that the game isn't for you, which is fine. It is for me though, I absolutely love it!"
76561198002053619,Recommended,276810,19300574,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Klavs,"One of the best games featuring detailed squad management and tactical turn based battles. Each battle You fight is shaping a history of Your mercenary group. Every wound, every death, every item You loot or loose to enemy is permanent. But even if You loose Your group, You still earn some experience that will give You a small bonus next time. So there will be some benefit even in loosing."
76561198006524183,Recommended,276810,19387081,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ailric,"great game with perma-death.  (or chance of, you may just take permenant injuries)."
76561198045333132,Recommended,276810,19300846,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Chex 86,"At first i gave this game a poor review. However the dev team responded so I felt like i should respond My innitial complains were about the Terrible story missions and the fact that the reforcement mechanic is pull. However as the Dev was kind enough to respond about the long load times i felt that alone is enough to make up for its fault as you can enjoy the game for endless hours without doing the storied missions.Also to make it clear it is not the story in these mission that is poorly done but the mechanics that our added to them, Like not showing the objectives till you have completed the current so you cant forward plan. Also the fact that many of the missions end with getting stuck and stalled on a single stairway.Really i wish i could give a medium rating but thier is no middleground rating.  Also Skaven for life.Hi Chex 86,It seems you’ve had trouble with a unique Story missions. Here’s some elements that might help you out:- Only Story missions have the “reinforcement” mechanic- Story missions are not mandatory, you could ignore them entirely if you desire- Story missions do not grow in power with you, so you can come back when your rating is higher to have an easier timeWe are constantly working to improve the loading time and will keep doing so for the upcoming weeks.We hope these cues will help you enjoy the game."
76561197986397211,Recommended,276810,21059484,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HekaDooM,"The incredibly short time I have played this has allowed me to experience a single battle which was engaging, gritty and tactical, and the army building interface where I outfitted a nefarious Skaven Warband. All of this was wrapped within a well presented overall package.I only wish I had Mordheim to play it. :("
76561198058048720,Recommended,276810,21364418,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,raitheblackwolf,"This is a game with a lot of potential. After playing a bit I can say I enjoy it, however, it can be annoying at times. With a few corrections and addition of new content this would be an excellent game. My biggest annoyance with the game is the balance. Enemy teams hit much more often than player team. After noticing that I was taking much more damage than I was dealing in the first few games I played I started keeping track. Enemy teams are hitting with about 90% of the time where player team is hitting about 60%. This is off balance and will drive players away when you are facing a team that is supposedly equal (Normal level mission). Particularly when a leader with an 89% hit is beat 1 on 1 by a henchman because of hit rate. Granted that only happened once but you can see the annoyance level.The ""random"" number generator that governs hits seems to favor high numbers, I noticed that the numbers coming up for hits, ran over 70 very often this is probable but inlikely, which leads me to conclude that it needs adjustment.Content - The obvious, more warband types (for me would like wood elves). Missions that are not just fighting another warband would add to the game, go get that cache but oh look there are zombies there dont get scared :)And the biggest addition for me would be getting rid of ending the mission when enemy warband routes. Makes no sense that it suddenly ends without the chance to loot, gather. I think 2-3 rounds of actions after defeating an enemy warband to allow looting/gathering makes sense. Its not like my warband would just pack up and leave because they beat the enemy, Warbands are there to gather resources and fulfill missions. quite often there is a bed of warpstone and I route the enemy and can not get it as game ends.Overall good , enjoyable, tactical game. That needs tweeking and added content."
,Recommended,276810,21581189,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Reapergod36,"I'm really surprised by this game, I might go back and do a far more analytical review but for now I'll say this. I was expecting this game to either me meh or just be another cash in. What I got was a beautiful turn based experience where I feel attached to my men and women, without ever feeling cheated like I do in XCOM and Blood Bowl. Everything you do means something and you need to meet a deadline so it gains quite a lot in terms of down to the wire moments. In a mission I took on because I thought I might be able to handle it when it was higher difficulty, I found myself cut short as I barely scraped out a win and had a lot of injuries and had to wait for them to get better. I wasn't confident in going without a full squad but even when I wanted to, you can't leave to a mission without your leader being healed up. So I had to wait till there was two days left since my leader just recovered his injuries. Since then I keep referring to this moment during dark times as the moment we had to 'Break Bad' and take everything we could of warpstone even if it meant using some units to draw aggro away and perhaps have a chance to save the sacrificial lambs later once we recovered all the warp stone."
76561198029347730,Recommended,276810,28982531,Posted: 3 January,all,mistken,Lethal combat. Permanent results. It's a pretty awesome game if you like the warhammer world.
,Recommended,276810,27565419,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Congratz,"After a few hours play time i quickly noticed that this game has alot of RNG.If you don't like that kind of games this game is not for you.If you don't like to die over and over again cuz there is no option to save and every action you make will effect mostly the rest of the game then this game is not for you either.It has a really good atmosphere and nice graphics as well and i think it lives up to its title ""Mordheim: City of the damned"".It's a pretty nice game overall.Ohh and did i say you will die-die alot?"
,Recommended,276810,27061658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Netsky,"The game is fun, but sometimes really unforgiving. Then again I dislike handholding games, so this is a refreshing change of pace.The Controls and Mechanics of the game are mostly easy to pick up, and it's all fun and games until there is that one game which ruins everything. Your leader got some crippling injury. Your heros as well. Some of your regular henchmen died. You don't have much gold left and you are way behind your Wyrdstone schedule. Well - a new warband it is. :3"
,Recommended,276810,28185185,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Solitaire,"I love hard games, and this game can be very hard until you learn it. Im hovering at 90 battles won with a 100 percent win ratio, and a 700 percent casualty percentage now. The game is great! Even when I feel like I have a confident grasp of battles and my people the game still makes me nervous at some point.Highly recommended."
76561198181747230,Recommended,276810,26708353,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,underarmhornet5,"My favourite turn based strategy game!I've been a painter, collector and player of Warhammer for many years and this is my favourite PC game for Warhammer."
,Recommended,276810,28888316,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bastardcows85,Love the game. The game is very hard and punishing if you don't plan properly before you start your mission.The graphics are decent but for me the game lack of character face or skin is a bit of a  let down. But overall the game is great and have the Warhammer style to it.
76561197976578342,Recommended,276810,26668060,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Player09,The game is good. The RNG will make you pull your hair out sometimes but that's to be expected. The art is great and the game mechanics have depth.
,Recommended,276810,28893592,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vladkins,"8/10 - for lovers of hard/tactical games that are grindy & addictive+ Phenomenal gameplay akin to Valkyrie Chronicles/flexible XCOM+ Perma-death, brutal difficulty+ Great combat AI when it comes to killing your weakest toon+ Addictive- Items are somewhat vanilla- Every action RNGed is not always ideal- AI turn and long command/response times are begging for a speed mod- Repetitive"
,Recommended,276810,28246709,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Soviet,Wow such a different game after patches and add ons.It's just fun and addicting. At first i was hesitant to like it cause they radically changed mordheim rules. Yet it all works out fine.I suspect the game could get repetative. (pre release for sure) but now it's got missions with in missions.Loads of fun. Wouldn't pay full price but a nice 30% off or more sale and you got a gold game.Epic and nice to look at as well.
76561198042141178,Recommended,276810,26576472,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,dashbry: Spell knight of vinheim,"Ok let me start by saying i have had time to think about the game and what i have posted below. I might be a bit salty that 3 out of 3 youngbloods that have had higher than 75% dodge may have died by getting chained by highley mobile enemys in combate. I admite i was hoping to get hit 1 every 10 attacks, but i accept thats just not how the game works. the game is challanging, but you cannot depend on raw unit talent. You must depend on wit and largley luck. luck is the enemy you must give it the lowest possible pprobability with your actions to win, be it by fighting with alot of range in narrow spaces, or by creating a kill zone. it is worth playing but do not expect to have fun, come looking for a challange and to spit in the face of death.Below is my review at my worst. Enjoy!Hello You might be interested in this game, so before you buy i would like to give you my review after about 30 hours fo the game.1. Random number generator is broken, with a 85% chance to dodge with my favorite hero young blood he managed to dodge 3 times out of 9 strikes. While this may not seem so bad to you since its its a dice roll game anyway, characters who you may put hours of level grinding into may have a bad streak will most likley die permenantley, then you will be forced to create a brand new level 1 hero youngblood, who will most likley die before you manage to train him up to par with the rest of you veterens, since the game doesnt not scale down when this happens. Also when the game does give you an experienced merc it will most likley cost you more then you will be able to make since the main source of income ( your patron) pays you less then 50% what other clans would.2. you are indebted to a patron whom basicly pays you peanuts when you can sell to other clans for much higher of a price, leaving you unable to skill up champions due to a grand lack of gold from your patron. This also infuriates me because for some reason the patron who keeps you broke is the only way to continue playing. since if you fail to ship him your slave labor 4 times you lose and you must completely get rid of your warband that you spent 30 hours on. making it very difficult to actualy train your mercs with skills that will save their lives oir give them a lead in battle.3. the game does not attempt to complete objectives as you do, you will find your self in a rush to get wyred stone for your patron and for other clans the latter of which generousley gives you much much more gold, while you are questioning why your patron is your patron at all the npc AI will always be spanwed closer to the wyred stones on the map, and will always try to intercept you and zerg rush you instead fo collecting stones and making money themselves. the worst part about this is that if you do and the enemy routes the mission ends, Giving you no chances to collect anymore resources and Worst of all A MAP CHOCK FULL OF WYRED STONE THAT YOU FOUGHT OVER AND POSSIBLY PERMENANTLEY LOST SOLDIERS FOR THEN YEILDS YOU THE MINIMAL RESOURCES POSSIBLE INSTEAD OF WHAT IS ON THE MAP. a perfect example is a map with 5 clusters 14 shards and 20 pebbels will yeild1 wyrd piece, 1 shard, and 0 clusters. so thsi is perticulerley bad if you constanley get rushed and forced to fight and kill the ai till they run.The game has potential and when it works right its fun but the amount of time it works wrong is just not worth the effort of playing it. its concept is uniqe and the world is crafted well, but you will find your self hating it, its like looking at a shiney new possable firgure and finding out its not actualy possable."
76561198037308790,Recommended,276810,29187403,Posted: 11 January,all,doniguana,"I have thought long and hard about buying this game. I am a big fan of the warhammer world and love turn based strategy. However all the negative comments about this game made me doubt.Finally picked up the game in the last winter sale. And...I could have bought it earlier.I am having tremendous fun with my skaven warband, clawing and clubbing my way through bands of enemies. Emptying my warp pistols on them, poisoning them. Ambushing and ganging up on them. In the mean time I have some skaven runners scutteling about, climbing walls, leaping from one terrace to the next collecting weirdstone and other nice loot.So what about all the negative comments. Well... this is my first warband and in the beginning we did encounter some problems. A warpguard and a hero died but they were easily replaced. One of my star runners lost a leg and I had to fire him. My sorcerer got some heavy hits and suffers from a caved in chest but still casts his spells and inspires my rat ogre to move in and do carnage on our enemies.  The Rat Ogre himself lost an eye in a fight with a huge Chaos Ogre. Luckily he still has the other eye.Now on the end of the first act (campaign) I ran into a lot of bad luck and...careless planning my side did the rest. My leader lost an arm after a brutal charge from a huge human with a hammer twice the size of my leader. Turns out it was his shield arm so my leader is still fighting and leading.Biggest hit is on my main hero who lost a leg. No sure whetter to retire him or let him limp along.But despite all these losses my band is still growing and getting stronger. And...I am still having fun.Is the game difficult? YesDoes the level of difficulty ruin the game? not for a long shot.In the base game you get four different warbands to chose from each with their own campaign. While storywise these are not brilliant they do give you unique levels, opponents and hours of playtime each.If like me you cannot afford to pay 40€ for a game just wait for the next sales cause this game is definitely recommended for all (hardcorde :) ) RTST fans out thre."
,Recommended,276810,26700016,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,bloodxuyertax765,great game love it!
76561198005367930,Recommended,276810,26583647,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Shadowseer,The real enemy is RN-Jesus
,Recommended,276810,27030018,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crusaderofni,"My one-armed, half blind zealot with a flail keeps getting beat on and I fear he may die. My commander is stuck against a rat ogre while the rest of my team are surrounded by rats. Everything is looking grim and as my one-armed friend falls to a rat with 2 arms I shed but a single tear."
,Recommended,276810,19434757,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Rorrak88,"The art feels pretty much exactly how it should feel. Spot on.Game play, and running a warband is hardcore and feels right. There is a learning curve here, but this is because there are so many character build options.The AI does get a bit easy to beat after a while but for me that is not a huge problem because a bunch of us have bought the game in order to play against each other. Still, it feels downright hard when you start because you will make so many mistakes while you learn.To run a ""Campaign"" against other players requires a bit of admin from someone because the game does not support it but you do keep your loot, items and injuries so for us its perfect. One small moan here is that the amount you have played grants you ""Perks"" that could unbalance the warbands a tad. An option to flag a warband as a No Perks warband would be nice.Overall, one of the best games I've played recently. Definitely enjoying it more than some other recent big titles."
76561198041895302,Recommended,276810,19400963,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Vindicator,"The game has a learning curve and the RNG can be a little annoying at times but also adds some suspense to the game.  Sometimes, you have a great plan but your warband can't execute and sometimes, a lone soldier holds the line against the odds.Unlike a game like X-com, even a novice henchman has pretty good chances to hit but they have shakey morale.  Don't let novices get surrounded or they might rout and get themselves killed.Remember that collecting Wyrdstone is your primary goal.  Killing the enemy is secondary.  Of course, if you spot a lone enemy, kill him/her and if a bunch of enemies engage, they send in all your warband to fight, but in the beginning of a skirmish, try to gather some loot and wyrdstone before hand.  This will help you greatly after the battle as you need the wyrdstone and loot to pay for the treatment of your wounded and salaries of your troops.Overall I have had a lot of fun so far.  Challenging game but satisfying as well.The multiplayer scene is not great, but I think it will get better over time.  Regardless the AI is challenging enough for me."
76561198012915797,Recommended,276810,19424667,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,torslov,Fantastic game. They managed to get the unique atmosphere from the table top game across. Best game I played for a long time!
76561198004060229,Not Recommended,276810,26711008,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,joshua fletcher,"I only recommend this game if they, made an option of making it a bit easier when your chips are down. otherwise slowly your party deteriorates into nothing and you can't load back to a point when it was all good. As there is no save option."
,Recommended,276810,24756694,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Birb,"I don't do many reviews but I thought i would put something for this game.(I have played quite a few hours on this with my offline PC)(Edit - Spell check lives again so corrected a lot of errors... Sadly was on an odd day)Personally i thought this was a good although very difficult game when i started, but i found despite the few issues and UI the game was actually quite good.If you are looking for another casual turn based game where you can just pick some classes and tank up then I would recommend avoiding this game. Every mistake you make will come back an haunt you at a later date including avoiding some side objectives,I think it would be easier if i gave a basic description of the pros and cons for this game...Camera: The camera is a 3rd person camera that locks onto the unit you are meant to be moving that turn, Doesn't allow free roaming with the camera and makes seeing around corners and in buildings a little more difficult when trying to avoid ambushes.Movement: This caught me off guard at first.. Using the standard movement keys WASD to navigate was a bit odd for a turn based game but once I figured out the blue circles were something akin to movement areas, you would only lose a movement point when changing to a different ring giving you free movement within your Movement points.Actions: This i found a little off at first but every action has a reaction.. Firing a gun means it needs you to use a reload action, gives you arm fatigue for the rest of the turn lowering accuracy.  Climbing walls needs at the jump points Isn't always guaranteed with a chance of a sprain if you are very unlucky ect. Usually it is best to prepare for the consequences for most actions.UI: I agree with most people... It is a little clunky and not the best.. But when you look past most of its appearance you mostly use Q & E to change action instead of a menu. Regardless it shows everything you need.Ok now for a simple list:Pros:On High graphics settings it looks goodAI is hard and sometimes unforgiving (Well good in my opinion)Soundtrack is fittingOpen maps in most levelsExcellent customizationConsequences for loosing affect appearance of unitsRandomly generated map placementsSome replay abilityUnlocks persist through multiple play throughWays to deal with enemy vary based on your preferred tacticsCons:AI is hard but can predict how they act based on the game modeVery few game modesUI is a bit clunkyMaps look a bit samish even if they are randomly generatedOn low graphics looks appalling compared to most modern gamesDon't always get chance to loot stuffThe game is hard, fun but at times frustrating when it goes from bad to worse. Not always the end of the world but makes progression harder.  Worth it if you like difficult games that seek to destroy you in as many ways as you can.. until you figure out AI tactics but even then still easy to die.I'd give this game a 7 out of 10.. Despite its flaws it has some merit and room to improve."
,Not Recommended,276810,24754008,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mysthawk,"I have NEVER, in the history of Steam, used the Steam Refund system. I refused. Even in games I have that I could only touch once. I left them in my library out of respect for the game developers, or just because it padded out my collection a little. Either way, that changed when I got this game.I am a huge fan of Games Workshop. I love the lore that they craft. I even played through their horrible first rendition of Space Hulk because I enjoyed the original tabletop game. But this game just broke me a little. My friend watched as I struggled through just over an hour of gameplay. It was horrendous. He died of laughter. I went and got a refund.I want to like this game. I do. The concept behind it is full of potential. But this delivery is just poor. I would wholeheartedly come back if they completely revamped it instead of pushing out a DLC warband or two. At least Space Hulk learned a little from the past in the sequel; I hope this game can eventualy do the same."
76561198086234376,Recommended,276810,24390558,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ordo valencia,10/10 it can be played full-time and part-time (if you understand that)
,Recommended,276810,29203185,Posted: 12 January,all,lalios,"Great game if you like hard strategy rpgs. Also if you are hardcore board game fan, this is just for you!"
76561198322271130,Recommended,276810,25245321,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Master of Memes,"the darksouls of turn based strategy games. hard but rewarding,a must buy for any warhammer fan"
76561198017915619,Not Recommended,276810,27971926,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,zerobane,"Borderline on yes vs no; overall love the game and concept but the UI, rolling and AI quirks really ruin the overall experince.  The interface is almost as hard as the actaul game.Depth and character sheets are extremely close to classic tabletops; really good stuff.GREAT hard game that will make you hate yourself over and over again; 1 mistake can cost you the game.  Really a blast to play.  I am on the fence for this; if you are a Mordheim fan; then a defineite buy; otherwise I would probably not reccomend.Now the bad:1.  UI is miserable; inventory, leveling and skill points is only a slight step up from doing it on paper.  I can see they are trying to maybe make it similiar to true D&D style maybe?  Overall is could of been made much easier/simplier without losing content.2.  As other have said; RAND rolling is skewed against you; 75% success rolls and you end up losing 5 times in a row.   Something is amiss; happens over and over again.  I am sure they have some reasoning; but the dice in D&D have never been as mean as this game.3.   Stupidity of interface during battles; confirm mouse clicks after cycling or spacebaring through 5 opitions; over and over and over and over andddddd aaaaHHHHH where am I?!?!?!  Hotkeys guys; we have more then 2 buttons on a keyboard.4.  Hidden map idea; wish they made this a toggle.  Not knowing where your enemies are is a bit of change from typical tabletop; (for obvious reasons); and adds a ton of diffculty to an already burtal game.  Not sure I like the dynamic; forces you to play in a compelty different style and cuts back on tatics quite a bit.Overall it almost looks like a bad console port where you only have 6-8 buttons; buts its not...  The other quarks i can overlook; but this is just in-excusable."
,Recommended,276810,19767221,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Goznaz,Awesome gameplay makes up for pants graphics.  Not for casual gamers or people who get too attached to minions.  Developers please take all my money for expansions and a Necromunda game.
76561198011140723,Recommended,276810,19862003,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kraasil,This is in the flavor of the tabletop game. It is a well done turn based game with rpg elements. There is a good amount of replay that i see with this game.
76561197972710310,Recommended,276810,19398582,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Sardaukar,"One of the better warhammer games of late, very addictive I racked up ten hours in two days. A bit like blood bowl without the ball. I never played the original desktop game, but I did play Necromunda, which was probably the 40K version of Mordheim.You take your gang/warband througha series of battles building them up after each victory, there appears to be no save button, so your losses will stand and afect your warbands progress, This is quite refreshing, the permadeath and permainjury help give your warband some character.There are various senarios you play at random, but whatever the senario the AI just seems to rush you, secondary objectives go out the window pretty quickly. Routing the enemy means you lose the chance to achieve those secondary objectives which seems wrong, makes it tough to try and achive the secondaries without killing too many of the enemy to make them rout.I suspect that like blood bowl it will really shine in muliplayer.Still its a great game, roll on the DLC for additional warbands (there is only 4 flavours to start with), oh and can we have a Necromunda game next?"
76561198188250238,Recommended,276810,19448764,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Wattsy,Brilliant game. I really hope they add more factions though :D
76561198038260174,Recommended,276810,19457399,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Seshayn,"I played Mordheim's tabletop miniatures casually a decade ago. I loved it. I think this game does a fantastic job of recreating that experience. Incredibly difficult, unforgiving and mean, the world of Mordheim will leave you frustrated in the best possible way. It won't be just like the tabletop miniatures game, but I feel that as far as video games staying true to the source material goes, I haven't seen better."
,Recommended,276810,14407442,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Beergrim,"This is a unpolished gem! Dark, dank, dirty and demonic just like a Warhammer game is suppose to feel. Easy to get into, hard to master - promising indeed!"
76561197973051663,Recommended,276810,24365820,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Popcorn Colonel,"By the numbers:  91/100The Short Review:Do you like the following?Knights of the Old RepublicX-Com (the original moreso than that modern... thing)Tactical squad-scale combat simulationsTurn-based gamesThe old SSI DnD gold box gamesWarhammer loreIf you answered yes to all of the above, push the Buy button.  I can guarantee you will not be disappointed.The Long Review:Part 1, The GoodIn the way of a preface, I've not played the Mordheim boardgame, but I am a Warhammer player from the very beginning of the franchise.  I ran a Warhammer FRP campaign while aboard ship (The USS Tarawa, to be precise) in 1991.  I later got into the miniature scene-- both the WH and WH40K side -- and I've a deep love of the Warhammer universe, especially the fantasy side.  This game fairly oozes Warhammer atmosphere.There is an attraction in managing a party of characters in an RPG that cannot be duplicated by MMOs.  It creates an emotinal investment born of the natural leadership impulse in competitive personalities.  Seeing your warband grow stronger and more powerful is a pleasure unto itself.  The recent resurgence in popularity of roguelikes is -- to me, at any rate -- an indication that many gamers are becoming bored by the ""customer is always right"" mentality that has come to dominate modern tripe-A game design.  Intelligent people get bored quickly when they always win the fight and there is no real threat of loss; only a challenge will keep them interested.  Mordheim provides challenge in spades.The developers of Mordeim understand that being a leader is the imporatant part of a tactical wargame.  Gradually developing your warband into a force to be reckoned with is the point of a successful party-based RPG.  The individual warriors become real to you; they are people to be trained and used to greatest effect, rather than disposable products of a factory.  The loss of a trained warrior has a real impact on your long-term strategy, as it should.  But it also opens up new avenues for advancement, forcing you to consider alteratives that you may not have seen before, often resulting in a complete rethink of your approach.Do not misunderstand me; this game WILL make you mad.  There will be matches where the RNG gods will frown upon your existence and you'll wonder if any of your party have actually even held a weapon before.  But there will also be engagements where everything goes right, where the universe smiles upon you, where you dominate your foes so completely that you will be convinced no one can stand against you... until the next battle.  That is the essence of a good tactical wargame, and Mordheim has it in spades.The beauty of the game is that any given engagement may or may not favor you.  Sometimes you will be allowed to deploy to greatest advantage, other times you will be caught off guard, scrambling to get your team together.  Much as with real war, the enemy doesn't wait until the situation favors you, rather you must analyze, adapt, and attempt to overcome.  A word of advice:  your first priority is always to Get the Band Back Together.  As a squad, you are strong.  As individuals... Well, there's a very old aphorism in the Marine Corps:  never employ the soda strategy.  SODA is an acronymn for Spread Out, DieAlone.Plan your strategy.  Train your squad.  Fight smart.  That's Mordheim.Part 2: The BadThere are a few minor issues with the game.  The most prominent is looting.  The rules are written in such a way that you must make looting items -- especially wyrdstone -- your first priority.  I put this in the bad category, but it's not necessarily all bad.  I understand the background:  you are a mercenary force in Mordheim.  Your reason for being there is to acquire the extremely valuable wyrdstone and sell it, either to your sponsor or alternate factions.  That's good; it's a great mechanic, as it forces you to always consider what you can get out of any given engagement and balance it against the risk of splitting up your force.  The problem comes with the loot rules.  You can ONLY loot that wyrdstone when you're standing on top of it during active play.  Even if you defeat the enemy and you're standing on top of an entire field of wyrdstone, you can't loot it afterwards.Imagine that you're a bank robber, (you're not I know, but just put yourself in his shoes for a moment).  You hold up a bank, you kill all of the guards and tie up all the patrons.  Now it's time to loot that vault over there fifteen feet away from you, right?  Nope!  You killed all the guards, so it's game over.  No loot for you. If you wanted the money in the vault, well by God you should have looted it while you were killing the guards, eh?  That makes sense, right?  OF COURSE IT DOESN'T.  But that's the loot mechanic in Mordheim.I understand the balance issues.  The devs don't want you to be able to loot the whole map, as it will result in a rapid build-up of gold and you'll easily defeat the AI.  I get it.  But there should be one full turn after you defeat the enemy warband wherein you can loot what you can reach.  Because killing an enemy while you're standing in a field of wyrdstone and not being able to BEND OVER AND PICK IT UP before the match ends is... well, it's just frickin' stupid -- boardgame rules notwithstanding.Part 3:  The UglyConsolization.  The interface was designed from the outset for a console release, despite the fact that the game's initial release is on PC.  I can deal with it, but it does become annoying from time to time.  For example, during deployment phase, you can't simply click where you want to deploy a warrior.  Oh no; you must go through every single possible position One. At. A. Time. in third person view.  On missions where there are dozens of possible deployment points, this can become extraordinarily tedious, since you can't deploy your warriors from the map.  You have to constantly switch between third person and map for each warrior for EACH POINT, examining sight lines and location.  It takes far, far longer than it should and is an inherent weakness of play-with-your-thumbs design.  It has a smaller but noticeable impact in the warband management screens.  An irritant more than an annoyance, really.  But it's there.That being said, however, the console-biased interface is not game-breaking.  I put up with KOTOR's ridiculous console interface because it was such a great game.  The same is true here.Part 4: The IndifferentS L O W.  I put this in the indifferent category because everyone will see it differently.  I love slow progression; the slower the better, in fact.  If you're impatient, craving a continual stream of satisfaction and reinforcement, you will almost certainly dislike this game.  It takes many, many hours of play to advance your warband even a little.  Magic-using characters, for example, start off weak and essentially useless; you must spend a lot of time and gold to make them powerful.  But with enough time and a great deal of gold, they can become the lynchpin of your strategy.  Leaders are vulnerable (some moreso than others) and must be carefully nurtured into powerhouses who can sway the outcome of a battle.  If you're looking for quick, easy satisfaction, you will not find it in Mordheim.  This is a game of time and patience, development and planning.   If the idea of investing an hour into a turn-based battle that would play out in mere minutes in real time annoys you, I cannot recommend you buy this game.Part 5:  Random Thoughts While Drinking Some Liquer Called Ke-Ke Which Tastes EXACTLY Like Key Lime PieBest Mechanic Ever:  Morale is separate from morale impact (on death).  It's far too complex to explain, (Steam says No More Words For Me), but essentially Morale is unit cohesion while Morale Impact is unit fragmentation.  Just try it.  Once you figure it out, you'll see the awesome genius of it."
,Recommended,276810,24611319,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,---Froggy---,Like xcom but better.
76561197993666152,Recommended,276810,13162589,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Toad,"I you buy this now its to support it not to play it as its lacking alot of content, but the stuff thats there is really good..."
76561198056300273,Recommended,276810,24671214,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,austinb,"I love this game... If you are a Warhammer fan, I'd expect you to have a similar response, though there is a steep learning curve.  Young players (possibly with ADHD ;) complain that the game is too hard at first, but the challenge is part of the excitement and fun.  Once you figure it out, it is addictive!The bugs, long load times, and other problems that players justifiably complained about in earlier reviews have been fixed; the game is now a joy to play.  The Devs care and are responsive to player concerns and questions.All the DLC is worthy too.  Chaos, Skaven, and the Witch Hunters are my favorite factions to play, but they're all distinctive and interesting. Like other reviewers, I'd prefer more character customization options and maps, but those are minor quibbles.  Tip: Make sure you go through the tutorials before you start your first warband.In short, this is one of my all time favorite Warhammer games... I can't stop playing it..."
,Recommended,276810,14396017,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,AimyBot,"As a fan of the table top version I bought this game without even checking to see how it was meant to be played, other peoples reviews or how far along it was in development - Thus far I am impressed!It's early days still but the potential is huge imo.I also hope it is going to be a hit so the devs could maybe make my 2nd favourite GW game into a pc game - Necromunda."
76561198010464828,Recommended,276810,19569271,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,deadboy2,This game is great. If you like tacticle elements: Mordheim has it. If you like squad progression and custimization with the risk of losing life and limb: Mordheim has that too.  The only thing I think this game lacks is variation. It does tacticle combat very good. But it doesn't offer much else beyond tactical battles and squad progression. After playing through about 90 hours of the game its getting a little bit old.
76561198200904874,Recommended,276810,19827413,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,hamstersandwich69,"Awesome game, steep learning curve but gets easier as you progress.It has many similarities to tabletop game ( all alone checks, rout checks, moving around can be difficult, injuries and death happen at the worst times ).  PVP campaigns with friends are tons of fun ! RNG issues are way overblown, you just have to gear and set up skills, and use them correctly to prosper."
76561198069147546,Recommended,276810,20959336,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,HempLock,Trying to make you pay for thing that should be in the game is outrageous ....... The Game is good but i do not recommend the dlc you dont need it
76561197992928324,Not Recommended,276810,18294757,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Monkeyhead,Im sure given a few more years they can lower the loading time to under 5 min per round. and tweek the massive bonus the AI gets due it its incompatence at playing the game. Buy if you enjoy watching the worlds stupidest AI run round in circles and still crush you. -10 out of 10
76561197982184253,Recommended,276810,19515516,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DeChaser,"A turn based strategy that has a collection of vastly different factions (dictating relative playstyle), the ability to fully customize your warband in terms of look, composition and even name, Hardcore gaming mechanics and character perma-death, and the ability to take your single player warband up against others in multiplayer and have those battles count towards experience and loot.  What's not to like?This unforgiving game will not hold the punches, and has a learning curve that may cause some players to turn away but in terms of fully customizable Turn Based Strategy I would call this a true gem of the genre and a very fulfilling experience on the whole.  Each battle is tense and demands attention and understanding of your warband's abilities and limitations.  Much of the battle system relies on Random Generated Numbers (So as to stay true to the Game's Origins from Table Top), but in this game strategy is key as you attempt to navigate this deadly city and keep every party member as whole as possible.In Mordheim there are no victors, just survivors."
,Recommended,276810,19574187,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,=[WHL]=Ürik,Very Very good game!
76561198059059017,Recommended,276810,18879194,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Snuffy,"This game is fantastic.  It has a lot of issues because of where they are in the development of the game.  However they are making progress, fixing issues, and implementing the remaining systems.  So this is truely a game that is still in development.If you like turn based games, like warhammer, and do not mind something that can be very hard...  This is the game for you.If you are easily discouraged by difficulty or have a habit of getting a little to attached to your characters.. You might want to pass.  The game is hard and your guys... well the WILL die or be injured to the point where you will sell them off for a dime."
76561197976744434,Recommended,276810,18875263,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sandor,"The game is quite addictive.  It's fairly tough at first but once you get the hang of it becomes easier and even more satisfying.  All four factions feel distinct, and the injuries look quite good, though I hate when my troops become hobbled.  My only real complaint so far is the lack of customization for appearance, but thats a pretty small thing.  I would highly recommend getting this game if you like turn based strategy games and/or warhammer."
76561198012079673,Recommended,276810,21379708,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Enterthegecko,"Was a great fan of the board game when I was yopunger. Although there are still some bugs to be ironed out this is a great computer based version of the game.Pros:Graphics are greatTurn based rules are easy to followrange of weapons is acceptableNew patch has made loading and game time much quicker.Cons:Although the introduction of two hired swords is good, more of the original hired swords and more diversity with races is needed.It would be good for the CPU to be cautious sometimes instead of rushing in to oftenRout test often comes to quicklyOverall though a very enjoyable game"
,Recommended,276810,14122081,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Jicnon,"So far this game is showing a lot of promise and is progressing much better/faster than the other games I have seen in alpha. The gameplay I have seen is very fun, I just hope that the campaigns are added in effecively and that there will be plenty of customizationa and multiplayer functionality. I will update this review if I ever realize that its falling short of anything I have listed above."
76561198004353985,Not Recommended,276810,21659631,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Broadside,"This Game is made all the more infuriating by how good it could be, but it is just frustration and anger wraped in a pretty bow. A brawl disquised as tactical combat. I had to delete it to prevent myself from trying to progress because I feel like if I smashed my head against this brick wall long enough I might find gold underneath. The cake is a lie, and this game is just a turn based third person shooter.After some time I decided to give the game another go, and really put in some hours to see if the game improves as you progress. It does, alot. If you can get past the first 10 missions there is a fun game underneath the pain and agony. I like games that punish poor decisions, not so much games that punish bad luck with rolls. This one is unfortunately the latter, a little good luck can get you a long way but the best flanking manouver can go horribly wrong when every attack misses even though it claims your odds are over 80%I still cannot recommend this game; even though I am personally enjoying it and will likely continue playing. Even a victory is a defeat early on as the route mechanics just do not function properly for low level groups making most optional objectives completely unattainable. If you are a stubborn sort who can get past the first 10 hours then go for it, otherwise look elsewhere."
76561198180253895,Recommended,276810,29969583,Posted: 16 February,all,Lou Barlow,i first got this game on a free weekend i played it as long as i could during that time its brutal its fun and you have to use your brain all the things i like about so far have played all the base factions exept Sisters of Sigmar and don't have any of the DLC all the factions are balanced for the most part from my exspeariance the faction that has given me most trouble is the sisters have gone up against them all at this point and don't feel like im just getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(atleast most of the time) and i will say this if your the type that does not want to deal with luck or something thats challenging this is not for you in a nutshell this is Rollmaster with graphics i personaly give it a 10/10 one of the best games ive ever played
76561198021883344,Recommended,276810,21182171,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,digger8126,"MUCH better game after the map upgrades; played since Early Release and have witnessed the changes, and it's come a long, long way.  Sometimes seems a little unbalanced with hit / miss ratio, but when all is said and done it really adds to the suspense of the game.  Decent graphics, nice progression system, and the campaign story missions really test strategic ability."
76561198068344397,Recommended,276810,21214308,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,pokerhabs,"Solid 8/10Pretty good game, I bought it because X-COM2 wasnt out yet and I surprised myself stucking on that game instead of actually buying X-COM2.The fact is : This game is really harsh, I should say unfair and over-punishing with new players. Other player`s opinion may differ, but this was my experience. Dont get me wrong, its not a bad thing. This game was MADE to be that way.WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW :-----This game should have a warning on its label :You are going to get intensely r4ped for the first 10 hours or so. Its totally normal if you feel sad and angry, just accept it...Learning curve ?...No way, you are thrown into it and you are going to drown. Pretty much the reason of all bad reviews.-----The game also doesnt warn you that its almost impossible to stay with your first ever warband, so dont get attached too soon. You are going to replace them often, disbanding and re-creating at least once. They going to get killed, crippled, ransacked and sick poor again. You are going to want to bash your whole house and family with your keyboard, but its part of the first stage of the game.-----To be honest, once you get past the "" initiation "" step, its one of the best bucks$/game ratio I ever played, and I bought it full price so I reccomend you jump on it, especially if its on sale. The game also greatly rewards new warbands, depending on your easily obtainable achievements.Most of bad reviews come from people with less than 15hrs. Give yourself a chance, you are missing a great gem of a game. The game is still challenging and hard when you gear up and lvl up, but really less unfair. Damn good game.My point is : Dont buy if you dont like getting angry on a game. Dont buy if you want a ""walk in the park"" gaming experience.NOW THE HONEST REVIEW :Dont buy if you dont like unexpected and ""against the odds"". Whole game is based on dice-rolls and odds. Once again, reason of most bad reviews...Personally I call that "" Challenging"" and ""Refreshing"" ...Mostly ""Refreshing""But most gamers nowaday calling that... "" Broken""...go figure....And I am not even that old. I am not even an hardcore gamer.PRETTY  SIMPLE :You want to win on each tries, you want forgivness on your stupid/rushed plays?You want to load a previous save because you ♥♥♥♥ed up?Steam, Origin, U-Play, name em are full of those kind of un-original games, of any genres. 70-80-90$-DLC not Included, and you will get erected at how much copy-paste/recycled games are appealing and how much dev team doesnt care about you and your elite community. Btw, I got these kind of games on my pc. Some I love, Some I regret. I am no hater, I love games.Rogue-Factor`s first game...Not perfect, but damn impressive for a little bunch of devs. Promising future if you ask me, just dont bury em under false bad ""under 10 hours game experience"" meaningless-seen-better-meh-IamtheShit opinions.Worst of all, every negative stuff I read about this game is absolutely wrong on most aspects. Too little time into it to make worthy reviews. I have seen about 3 constructive bad reviews, with points I agreed on, but never to the point of calling that game-breaker.IMPORTANT TO MENTION :-Great ambiant music and great grim victorian dark atmoshpere. I mean, its dark, and grim. Like the first Diablo compared to Diablo3.-...You have to be patient...You have to let time to the enemy to place their warriors, can take several seconds.-I never tried multiplayer, due to real life stuff. But from what I heard, its not optimal yet.-Dev team often on forums and answering constructive posts.-Speaking about the forums, many experienced players are there, always happy to give tips.long read, sorry. By the way, I never played the table-top version. I heard there is some inaccuracies. Some people like it, some dont. Anyway, the game is awesome."
,Recommended,276810,21217743,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JohnG,"15 hours in and so far I can say that this game is quite punishing....but I am loving it.You can recover from tactical mistakes, though the recovery can be painful.  Your warband has to be resilient, every diligent and most importantly....not too greedy!As a long time fan of GW's Warhammer Fantasy this game definitely grabs the atmosphere of the Old World and smashes into your brain while you make a dizzying effort to navigate the streets of Mordheim.  Represented in this game currently are the forces of The Empire, Skaven, Cult of the Possessed, and the Sisters of Sigmar.  With those four factions there is tons of content already built into the game with a lot of replay factor that goes along with it all.I purchased this game in its pre-order beta rough days and have watched it grow to become quite the diamond.  The devs have used their time judiciously and have listened to a lot of feedback in the process.I am really hoping that this game grows in popularity, and that other faction's warbands get representation.  Dark Elves, Dwarves, Beastmen, Lizardmen (my favorite), Tomb Guardians, Witch Hunters (Empire), and you can't leave out Orcs!!!All in all I give the game 4 out of 5.  The learning curve is steep, but to be honest, you can download the Mordheim Living manual and learn everything you need to know about game play and then find that the devs have done a great job representing the gameplay and concepts here.For Sigmar!"
76561197990229744,Recommended,276810,29961486,Posted: 16 February,all,Grand Master,"A very fun game set within the Warhammer Fantasy universe, plenty of depth and customization and all sorts of fun ways to leave your mark, both on your warband and on the faces of your opponents.I must say, however, the Random Number Generator for this game is seriously perverse, on the verge of being actually bad. Worse than X-Com by a damn sight, anyways. I've missed far more than one in five +80% attacks, I've been hit repeatedly with well over a 50% chance to dodge or parry, and the number of times my warriors have wiffed a 95%, with so much on the line, it's pretty sickening. Not saying the game is broken, but I'm saying there is a surprising amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, not numbers, being generated. I am writing this review after having gotten my warband creamed due to poor rolling, but my complaint stands on it's own merit."
76561198031707516,Recommended,276810,19405362,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,WinterPain,"If you like the war hammer universe, small squad tactical (x-com style), challenging game that is still very reflective of the tabletop then this unknown game is great.I have played from early beta throughout early access until launch. This is a great small studio that deserves the support."
76561198054215193,Recommended,276810,27611053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daxton,"An interesting take on the classic table top. If you're looking for an indepth, stratigic RPG with somewhat unforgiving twists, this is what you want. There's endless variety, dozens of characters, and a large amount of play stlyes. The graphics are well done and the music is atmospheric and generally incredible. Only con, the AI can feel cheap sometimes. I rate it 9/10."
76561197965020920,Recommended,276810,19332611,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ragnek,"A TLDR at the bottom of this review to summarise my points.I really enjoy this game, though it is anything but a 'pick up and play' game for when you have ten minutes to kill. The graphics are beautiful and illustrate the lush environments of a seedy and damned city. The gameplay is challenging from the outset and learning curve (if you ignore the tutorials) can be steep. I chose to play through as Skaven, and haven't tried the other races as yet, so my opinions may be invalid or void with regards to their gameplay. The customisation of characters is adequate, it's not an integral part of the game, and seems to be purely asthetic, though it is a nice touch, as is the injuries, for example; if a character maims a hand, their hand on the character model is mangled.The story missions, character progression and warband management are all solid, on the whole, the game is well made and fun, whilst having a high level of strategic gameplay. However... and this is my only gripe about the game thus far, the load times are ridiculous! I have a high end machine, and yet sometimes I can go away boil the kettle, make a cup of tea or coffee and return and it still hasn't finished loading the map. This is the main reason I have yet to try any of the online features. Also, it is annoying when the voice overs from the mission and the narrator fight it out trying to talk over eachother, resulting in a garbled mess of voices and leaving you to read the mission objectives etc... for vital information you need.TLDR:+graphics+voice acting+ gameplay+story+ challenging- load times- voices overlappingOn the whole a great game, but not for the impatient."
76561198009029592,Recommended,276810,28628317,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dino3d,"Its a great game but to have the timelimmit of the game s¤""ks very much, its almost made that you should not get to the top, to bad. but the steap difficulty to get the amount of W-stone for delivery is hard and you can only miss 4.....But its a good game. if they changed that part a bit i would give it a 4/5 atleast, now i give it a weak 3/5...."
,Recommended,276810,25029410,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Rhapsodae,"This game does not deserve this many bad reviews.  The game is not high priced. Has affordable DLCs even when not on discount. Its a visual beauty and the gameplay harsh and unforgiving.You make yourself a warband which you can customize to some extend. And you set off in the grimm city of Mordheim to gatehr wyrdstones for your faction.  You win some and you lose some, but everything comes down to choices as you won't be able to sweep the battlefield after the match is done.  If you lose a fight your merc have the potential to get wounded this includes losing limbs, eyes and even permadeath.   IF you have an unlucky streak you might find yourself a crippled warband and you will have to reroll again.The game is not designed for an easy game with godmode on.  Expect to die, a lot."
76561197972586579,Recommended,276810,13075271,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Revengance,BEST tabletop game around.  SO FAR its lived up to its name.  I just played 2 hours of it and it has some bugs but nothing game breaking I saw.  Its gonna be fun to see how it plays out with the community.  I thought of this game as something they should make 5 years ago.  Its actually a life long dream to see it done.  And not at a bad price either.  EVEN if DLC comes out i still got it for a deal.  WOULD BUY AGAIN!
76561198022929513,Recommended,276810,25103191,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Slippery,"Has some bugs sure, but a really solid game, which heaps of hours of gameplay."
76561198068996121,Recommended,276810,28575207,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,matthew.homa,Extremely fun game. It reminds me of xcom but with swords and shields.
76561197991223322,Recommended,276810,19516753,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Epic,Watching my warriors miss 95% hit chances. 11/10Great game so far 30hours in.
76561198008057658,Recommended,276810,23946234,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,madhatterand,"I cannot express how much i am amazed by this game. Its brutal, cruel, hate filled, and perfect! Imagine if you will Xcom2 minding her own business , when out of the shadows comes Dark Souls who proceeds to♥♥♥♥♥♥Xcom2.... Well the hate child from that♥♥♥♥♥♥would be Mordheim. A game where your war band is persitant ( which will make you hate your friends for wanting to play a match while you are in campaign) and make you want to kill your war band memebrs when they miss vital shots. Hey look its not my fault Sir Smashy McKill cant hit the broadside of a castle with another castle.But really , the depth of party creation is amazing... the graphics are great... the sounds fantastic... its so painful its wonderfully delightful.... If any of this sounds like your cup of tea i def recommend this and for 60% off til july 4th what the hell is there to think about?!  Dont believe me watch some Yoututbe game play!Stop reading this and buy the DAMNED GAME!!!"
76561197971089934,Recommended,276810,19281083,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,*A-B* *StAtiC*9*,"As an old-timey player of the table-top version of this game, I have to say that this is the most complete and in depth video game iteration of any of Games Workshop's properties to date. Nearly everything that existed in the skirmish level miniatures game is here; and I can't get enough of it. From unit custimization, down to the weapons, armor, skills, and appearances, to the tough-as-nails, ""please don't let my veteran die"" urgency is represented here. Further, the ability to take your battle hardened crew online to scrap with your friends or other players across the world was not only a necessity, but a welcome addition to an already excellent game. If turn-based strategy is your bread and butter, or even just your soup de jour, Mordheim should have you coming back for more! Old school X-Com fans should buy this game without reservation. A+"
76561197990013217,Recommended,276810,19358318,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Captain Datsun,"The best multiplayer tactical turn-based strategy game I've ever encountered, bar none. As a lifelong devotee to the turn-based classics like XCOM, Jagged Alliance and Silent Storm, I've always wanted the beauty of Necromunda's consequence-laden multiplayer skirmishes brought to the PC - and this game delivers.After two days of owning the title, I've accumulated 17 hours of multiplayer-only battles, and the matches I now have under my belt are without doubt the most memorable strategy gaming experiences I've ever had - even better than playing Necromunda with miniatures. Hell, I'm terrified this game will distract me from my own programming work!As everybody will tell you, the third-person movement and control scheme will seem strange at first, but they serve to immerse you more; like how Firaxis' introduction of cinematic shots for dramatic moments did, but better. Warband management is the real-deal Necromunda/Mordheim experience; defeats and victories don't feel so black and white, as even a victor might walk away worse for wear, or - as is the case against a friend - economically poorer for not focusing on resources.This is the first time I've ever felt compelled to write a review for a game, but as somebody who's been trying for years to find a multiplayer strategy experience that captures the nuances of the Necromunda/Mordheim systems, and as somebody who's programming a TBS myself, I desperately want this developer to succeed with this product and consider releasing a DLC for some of the fringe-factions.I implore you to buy it, harass your friends to buy it, and start a small tourney where each of you has a warband that you only pit against each other in multiplayer. You'll have more fun than any other TBS game can offer you right now, at least in the multiplayer aspect."
76561198000752308,Recommended,276810,21124793,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,raging monkey,"Good looking, fun game with hit and miss mechanics.The games does feel slightly lacking in unit roster and the units are not especially specialised which some might see as a plus, personally I don't. The DLC might add to this.Like I said mechanics are hit and miss. The back tracking/movement system is great. How ever mechanics like area of control are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Which might block a unit from taking any kind of part in a fight.The game looks great. Mordheim looks spot on. The city looks perfect from what I have read. Units look superb too, there are some alternate looks, but they're slim in choices. More would be great, to actually feel more connected to the troops and get some personality.The pricing is crazy though. Over 40€ for the game is over the top.While there are worse games to spend that money on, I would wait for at least >30€General feel and view of the game is strongly positive. Do recommend as a game at least. Price has to be considered though. It is not, I repeat not a steal. It is 100% at the top price."
,Not Recommended,276810,28653822,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Azznerak,"The game is fun  and has potential. Yet the developers CLEARLY have the game rigged to where the AI will win, despite anything you do. When the AI opponent dodges a strike nine times that has an 88% chance to hit, then you know something is up. I can see where multiplayer might be a little fairer, but as for the laughable AI, no. And that is sad because I really like this game, yet I really would like to enjoy the game for more than three sessions."
76561197994639546,Recommended,276810,14486072,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Poelock,My buddy and I were playing a match together where I sent a unit down a wall who then tripped and fell next to a rat ogre. She was then stuck there for the rest of the game as she was being blocked by the ogre who kept failing his stupidity checks.
,Recommended,276810,14389674,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ALaiham,"The gameplay has a brilliant Idea , the story and the characters looks greatcurrently they need to work more on the sound effectI recommend you to get the game after the full release"
,Recommended,276810,29178865,Posted: 11 January,all,[TB] Byron,Eternally re-playable. Satisfying as a casual game that is at the same time mentally engaging.
,Recommended,276810,24531748,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Necksus,"Mordheim is a joyous act of dicerolling flagellation.When something bad happens to one of your boyz, it's just Nuffle taking his latest prize.  You never know, that unfortunate death might have bought you the good karma you need to bring home the warpstone bacon.The AI and the % chances are debatably strange, but if you can overlook potential issues like that, it's a wild rollercoaster of emotions, albeit a slightly less tragic one than the now-ubiquitous Darkest Dungeon (but only slightly!)"
,Recommended,276810,14342517,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Imaginary_number,"It`s not actually a game now, this is just a skeleton of the game. But it`s a very attractive skeleton.  Too long loading, crashes everywhere, but i think it will be a very good game... after release, lol."
,Recommended,276810,28794360,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Klozkoth,"So there are a few things to say about Mordheim. It's a very challenging game for starters. I will say right off the bat to do the tutorials. At least the combat ones. I think I'm decent at X-COM, heard this was similar, and thought those skills would transfer. Hoo was I wrong. If you go in expecting a ""Fantasy X-COM"" you'll be in for a rude awakening. It's one of the more comparable games out there, but there are still plenty of differences.The focus is very much on melee in Mordheim. There are ranged units, but pretty much every unit you have will be in melee at some point in their life. The RNG is also much closer to ""random"". I've had units miss 95% shots/attacks before, but I've seen the AI get just as unlucky. There doesn't seem to be a boost to the rolls for either side from what I can tell. The randomness extends to the injury rolls after combat as well. When a unit is defeated during the mission it isn't instant death luckily. After the mission is over those units roll on the injury table. They can roll a decent variety of injuries, such as missing arms, legs, eye, mental damage, or death. They can also end up fine or with minor injuries, so you aren't guaranteed to have crippled troops, at least not initially.There is also much less story than I thought there would be. I enjoy the character and warband building/personalization of the game enough to not mind a lack of story. Something to keep in mind if you expect an epic tale, or even a story that further dives into why you're there, how it affects the area or world, etc. The meat of the game is in doing missions to gather resources and level up. Nothing super exciting, but I find the gameplay and warband building enjoyable enough to make up for it.My favorite aspect of warband building is just how much you can go into it. Each unit has levels, your warband has levels, and you yourself have levels through the veteran system. The veteran system is one of the ways each successive warband you create gets stronger. As you accomplish tasks you'll gain veteran xp. Gain enough and it will increase your veteran rank which gives you a skill point, as well as benefits to buying/selling, and benefits when you create a new warband.In all I recommend Mordheim to anyone that enjoys tactical games that are truly challenging, as well as anyone that enjoys the Warhammer setting. If you enjoy both, then you should already own this!"
,Recommended,276810,13082285,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,osu834,"This is such a fantastic game, a real shake up for the TBS genre, and quite true to the tabletop game with enough variation to make it a viable computer game, Obviously its only early days but i greatly look forward to first the finished game (which would be good enough) but also any future DLC (such as extra gangs etc)A++++ a million stars"
76561197997492346,Recommended,276810,13320525,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,BloodLetting,For the atmosphere alone. Has promise and I love the genere.But is slow and not much content yet.Makes me miss warhammer online!!!!!
76561197972738957,Recommended,276810,19622592,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Teriudin,"Very slick X-COM style game inspired by Games Workshop's Mordheim.Pros:Permanent consequences force strategic and tough choicesLOTS of skills, upgrades and units4 initiatal warbands feel and play differently despite strong overlapsIt is faithful to original mordheim without being stuck to D6'sCons:AI can be pretty stupidIt's mordheim, prepare to HATE random chance.  (As a table top player, it was far far worse)-You'll miss key rolls to hit, climb, or cast spells-Your favorite character will die-You'll be on a roll then the next encounter is AMBUSH and suddenly all tactics are out the windo(This can suck by modern gaming standards, but that's part of the charm of the original)Loading times are stupid long - apparently nearly every aspect of map and oppenents team is randomly generated on the spotEarly campaign is boring.  You need at least 3-5 games before you get enough skills to build a warband to your liking and not just vanilla.  Once you hit level 3, then you're going places.Overall, I would strongly recommend this game to roguelike fans, strategy game enthusiasts or nostalgic games workshop players.  It's not perfect, but its one of my favorits."
76561198007215017,Recommended,276810,24277792,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,telamiina,"Made by a small team game so in some things lack of AAA budget shows, but team is working hard and bugs are getting killed.Nice visuals, Warhammer lore etc. its all there.Managering you warband is darn fun. Who would not like the fealing when your Robin Hood gets quite a sniper, and in next battle loses an eye and other arm! :D So yes, game can really punch you! But that is the way it should be.Not a perfect game but surely worth a try if you like the genre and/or Warhammer!(though dont really like DLC system, but as we see in other GamesWorkshop games it might be their will...)"
76561198015414330,Not Recommended,276810,28661666,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mako_chan,"While am a great fan of the tabletop version (even though it's not as good as Necromunda), this one left me quickly with a sense of wonder how was it even possible to make something with that unvieldy and user-unfriendly mechanics with so many turn-based games around.The only answer I came up with is that someone thought it'd be a good idea to make a turn-based third-person hack'n'slash.Besides mechanics, whole slew of warband types have been melded into generic ""human mercenaries"", and most warbands are seriously twisted with ""up to 5 models"" mchanics - though truth be told that limitation is what makes gameplay bearable with said mechanics.There might be something positive about this title somewhere further down the road, but abovementioned was more that enough for me not to bother finding it out."
,Recommended,276810,19376906,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kainorb the Khameleon,"After a very solid Thanksgiving weekend playing this game, I think I can honestly say, Yes it is enjoyable to a certain point. I have spent my time learning the game and giving a lot of trial runs on different warbands to experience it all. I learned that if you push Shift you can see the whole map, that would have been nice to know FROM the FIRST MISSION. But all in all, I think the Hardcore stuff about the game is all in all pretty nice. Seperatly that is. I enjoy having to rummage through Mordhiem searching for Wyrdstone and hoping I have enough clusters to bring back so I can make some money to heal my other teammates I couldn't take with me this time. I also like going back out and re-searching for wyrdstone as my weapons were lost or armors stolen from the fight before that. Thats not even that bad, I can recover from that, but as soon as I get back on my feet and collect enough wyrdstone for whatever faction wants ""ME"" to get the job done. I turn it in, and I get to reputation with them, I get no gold from them. Well Sure Okay!Lets try some more missions, oh wow, these normal maps are getting a little harder but hey lets bring 4 people now should be bareable. After awhile I'm still making ends meet and I'm paying off my wounds finally I can use some of my heroes EIGHT, YES EIGHT SKILL POINTS. LETS GET INCREASE SHEILD FOR TWO POINTS AND ONE HUNDRED GOLD.My other characters will have to wait till I make some more money. Well lets go try it out! HERO LOSES AN ARM. SHEILD SPEC GONE. Okay thats a little bothersome but whatever she can dodge now maybe sure.I get back to heal and spend the rest of my money, I still have to pay my debt to my warband, So i rest hoping I can pay it off with some of my last required Wyrdstone. BUT ALAS! A MISSION FROM MY FACTION OH GOODI can't turn in any of my wyrdstone for cash, SO I CANT HEALI CANT PAY MY WARBANDI CANT PLAYSO THAT'S MORE THAN BOTHERSOMEI LOST NOT TO THE ENEMYI LOST NOT TO GAME MACHANICSI LOST TO THE PEOPLE IM TRYING TO GET WYRDSTONE FOR.SO EVERYONE IS MY ENEMYWELL THEN SO IS THIS GAME."
76561198116071598,Recommended,276810,31519905,Posted: 3 May,all,sulli355,Its a fun game but the rng is alil broken 93% chance to hit miss 4 times in a row....and the vampire class is broken having a terror test and a fear test on your hero and leader is just unplayable against in the early stages.  Also another gripe about the game on the marked for death missions they'll be names that don't show up on the battle field at all so you cant complete the optional missions.
,Recommended,276810,31450942,Posted: 29 April,all,Chicken Hunter,It's been a while since I played this but I can only say that it is fun once you make it a bit into the game. But I managed to cap of my stats for some units. They where as good as they could get atleast in the first half of the game. I cannot for the life of me get past the damn mage tower.So a difficulty thingy would be cool.
,Recommended,276810,31656461,Posted: 9 May,all,Snowdog,"This game has a lot of depth. The learning curve can be a challenge, but it is well worth sticking with. It is now one of my most played games.I like how the single player and multiplayer work together."
76561198006652233,Not Recommended,276810,31664339,Posted: 10 May,all,Kaesoron,Great game great graphics thought out well but there is some serious issues with this game .Randomness of rolls is ridiculous 95% hit chance miss 3 times in a row on numerous occasions.The AI is ridiculous at times and after spawning into a map to be bombarded by an entire skaven warband and losing 3 characters before i've even had my first turn is a bit broken in my eyes and the constant unfairness when it comes to combat rolls is a major off put at the best of times you find yourself praying to hit just once far to often if anything a system for a glancing hit should be in place where it does damage at a fraction of the base damage to make it feel a little fairer in the long runI won't recommend this game for the shear fact if you are new to the game expect to restart a lot and i seriously mean a lot this game is very unforgiving at the best of times with some tweaks here and there this could turn out to be a fantastic game but until then i'd recommend leaving it
76561198047652849,Not Recommended,276810,31672887,Posted: 10 May,all,*****play,after 4 hour mission is broken because some loot is in the way...
,Recommended,276810,31198040,Posted: 17 April,all,ZayZayEM,Amaze-balls implementation of the tabletop game.Just the right tweaks to make ita competent campaign based tactical squad game.Punishing and hardcore.
76561198034245269,Recommended,276810,24327843,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,WorkdayPaladin8,"Not a perfect game, but I love it anyway. The mood and atmosphere are superb. dlc is fairly priced in my opinion and add variety. The ai is stupid at times but has come a long way, pathing errors are more frequent then i would like but are often hilarious. The RNG feels a bit off to me. (the 4% hit bonus a mace gives feels like it has way more impact than it should, especially if you are dual wielding or have a higher quality weapon for example). The game has tons of replayability and each warband has their own strengths and individual campaigns. If i could do it again i would have no problems buying the game and all of its DLC at full price, but if you are on the fence get the game on sale and give it a chance."
76561198056664265,Recommended,276810,30445447,Posted: 11 March,all,Trollbi Wan Kenobi,Extremely fun game but very challenging. You are praying for an 80% to hit which is very annoying
76561198211689468,Recommended,276810,27926633,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dystopia,"Six warbands instead of four has really made the game more diverse and interesting, and continous patching shows the developpers still support this game. I'm looking forward to even more content in the future."
76561198016486370,Recommended,276810,29368000,Posted: 19 January,all,+3,"Pros:Interesting team rpg progressionStrategic gameplayDifferent factions offering various playstylesLots of replayabilityGreat visualsCons:Steep learning curveRNG aspect for calculating hits, dmg, etc, can be frustrating sometimesVsing AI can get stale once you start vsing other playersConclusionMordheim: City of the Damned does very well to replicate a tabletop game onto a pc format. The RNG dice rolls for calculations will deter some people, but it's very much like playing cards or gambling. The frustration of fails at 90% chance is superseded by the success of 10% chances. You win some you lose some. The game allows you to strategically play your odds, establishing an interesting core gameplay mechanic."
76561198075472453,Recommended,276810,29399920,Posted: 21 January,all,canningp,"Great game. True to tabletop original. Brutally unforgiving with a steep learning curve if you're new to how Mordheim works but once you get the hang of it, extremely rewarding.  It's a must have game."
,Recommended,276810,14347946,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Thehighking420,"Good game, if you lioke xcom and warhammer youll love this game. And if your looking for a great wathammer fantasy game with good balance youve found it. Thers always new content coming out, and now all for factions have been released so its more diverse. The next updatte is bound to have in game chat and the market place. And if your sad theirs no battle march on steam like turn based and exiting battles, this game is for you."
76561198144071024,Recommended,276810,19232039,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,wildbill,"If you liked the minature game, then this is the 21st century version. Buy it, play it and see your warband evolve into the scavenging, maiming and often Dead (though hopefully you lvl'd a back-up) team that makes your fellow mordheim playing friends green with envy.Highly recomended."
76561198010709589,Recommended,276810,19309031,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SquigHopper -001-,Really awesome adaptation of the table top game! only a few hours into single player and loving it!9/10 would be 10/10 but just wish you could deploy units in the overhead map view (small detail...)but minor gripe aside the best GW game ive played in years.
76561197996153276,Recommended,276810,24695994,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Trevor C,"Ladies and gentleman, I have played this game for a few hours now, and i really like this game. The single player is challenging in the beggining, and it feels so rewarding seeing your warriors progress. Id give this game full recomendations, but the multiplayer is broken. I organised a Online only tournament with myself and 15 other people, but a third of the time, the game crashes in some way. when the game crashes, both players are punisahed, and can lose players and equipment for it. Even if one persons internet goes out, both warbands suffer. This issue needs to be fixed, because online League formats would make this game 10 times better than it already is. Please please fix these issues"
,Not Recommended,276810,31696183,Posted: 11 May,all,mgunh1,"Wow. Can't even beat the Tutorial the RNG is so bad. Seriously, all my guys died before the second tutorial was finished due to random crits, had to replay it.Camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥house, gets stuck behind walls very often as you rarely get to see the animations.Animations are pretty boring, too, always the same action so even if the camera gets stuck, you aren't missing anything.Missions are poorly explained and you get punished unfairly for things that are entirely out of your control.All in all, this is perhaps one of the worst PC Game Workshop game I've ever played, though not the worst over all annoyingly enough.A shame really. This has so much potential, but it plays like an early Beta, not anywhere close to a finished product.I'm getting a refund on this turd.1/10"
76561198144454958,Not Recommended,276810,31713002,Posted: 12 May,all,superclassicmario,Could be a fun game but is completly unfair dont bother with this game until a patch can scale this better
,Recommended,276810,23663818,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Atticuscreed,Brutal game. I love it. Every time I think I've got the grasp of it and start getting confident I get annihilated by the AI which knocks me down a peg or 2. 90 hours played so far and I've barely scratched the surface.
,Recommended,276810,24592044,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,erebrus,"This game is pretty good, albeit far from perfect. The mood is amazing and immersive and the gameplay is really solid and innovating. The 4 clans (5 if you get the expansion) all play very different and provide vastly different experiences, even if some of the DLC has toned down some of uniqueness of some clans (e.g. adding a very range-focused character in a clan that had no ranged characters).The game has a few problems though.The AI is weak. It will try to find you and then run straight to you with every unit, which makes it easy to pick them off one by one if you keep your warband together. Worst of all, it will constantly get stuck with pathfinding.After a while, when you've leveled up your warband to the max or near max, you'll just feel like you are grinding without purpose. There are campaign/story missions...but they get boring soon.When you choose a mission, the composition of your opponent will be selected based on your warband. So if you have 10 units, you will face a big warband and if you have 5, you will face a smaller warband. Also, if you take one of those expensive ""impressive"" units, the opponent will have one also and if you don't, your opponent won't either. This means it's no use investing on a big and diverse warband and you are better off keeping your warband small.Finally, despite the AI, the game is difficult as your characters can easily injured and maimed and become worse. Also, especially in the beginning they are very frail, so it's very easy to have them dropping like flies. Once you get how the game works, you can easily avoid it though, but in the beginning it will be very frustrating, also because you can save at your wish."
,Recommended,276810,20627327,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,antiyoupunk,"A great twist on turn-based strategy. Overall a huge win with very deep character and party progression. Could use some AI improvement, but it remains challenging without feeling like it's cheating at all.This game is unforgiving, which makes the battles feel a lot more important than other games. If you've ever played blood bowl, it's similar in punishing you for making mistakes. I feel like there is a bit less random death in this game than others like it, and I feel like I have a bit more control over the fate of my units, which is excellent.Bottom line, if you're into turn based strategy, you should give this a spin."
76561197966788320,Recommended,276810,20784337,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dec42,"This game is pretty good, I doubt it'll win any awards but if you're into games workshop stuff this is one of the better games out there.Sure it aint perfect, long load times are boring and the RNG element can be very fustrating, but on the whole it's a fun game.Plus you get to play as Skaven!"
76561198006520086,Recommended,276810,20316516,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Marc,"this game still needs polish , more customization and additional races.But it's FUN, it also is hard and at times unforgiving, graphics and gameplay really gives the old tabletop game justice.A must have for warhammer fans"
76561197985776801,Recommended,276810,20782122,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Apoc,"This game is very good if you're not afraid to lose a few characters here and there. especially on your first playthrough.People whine about the Random Number Generator because they missed a few hits in desperate situations, but my guess is they skipped statistics classes in college, and they shouldn't have put their characters in a desperate situation in the first place.If you flip a coin five times and it lands on heads five time, you're not gonna claim you've solved the coin flipping rule of the universe.Sometimes, in Mordheim COTD, you need to shackle the opponent's impressive character, but somehow your 95% succes chance Magister fails and gets stunned in front of everyone, and your poor sod facing the impressive character will have a bad time.Sometimes though, you play tight and get a lucky crit on their most dangerous character, and turn a uneasy battle into a piece of cake.You never hear people whine about lucky crits, though.You could see this game as an XCOM set in the Warhammer world with a default hard difficulty (which isn't that hard once you get the hang of it).Some of your characters will die, and that's ok, learn to manage a rooster big enough to handle those situations.If you want a blissful experience without any character dying, stick to the first xcom reboot on easy difficulty.Mordheim: COTD is beautiful, challenging and fun."
76561197970990129,Recommended,276810,20792205,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Schnaw,"The skaven will make you suffer, enyoy missing everything and dodging nothing. Get good fast or expect severe punishment."
,Recommended,276810,25252832,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Choji Akimichi,"As a longtime fan and player of the tabletop game, I was thrilled to see Mordheim was being made into a computer game. My old computer didn't meet the minimum specs, but after buying an ASUS ROG rig on clearance at Best Buy this spring, I have to say Rogue Factor did not disappoint! This is a fantastic conversion, with four of the iconic warbands included, and now a fifth -- Witch Hunters -- available as DLC, as well as several hired swords. Keep it coming, devs!Like the tabletop version, the gameplay is highly tactical. Ganging up on lone enemies, while preventing the enemy from ganging up on you, is the key to victory. Yes, you will lose warriors from time to time -- get used to it, it's Mordheim! Keep your heavy hitters in front, while your weaker members grab wyrdstone and loot until they're strong enough to fight. Hire a reserve leader so you don't miss days when your primary leader gets injured -- make those wyrdstone shipments to your sponsor on time! That keeps the gold flowing and lets you build up your warband. Now, my Level 10 Ogre is a killing machine!No, the game isn't perfect -- there are occasional spots in some maps where you should be able to move but a small obstacle blocks your path. And the AI does get hung up once in a while, especially with the large monsters unable to find a path or blocked by a wagon. Also, the persistent arrows after you get shot really need to go away -- having your warriors running around fighting with an arrow right between the eyes or through their skulls looks pretty dumb. So those glitches still need to be ironed out.But overall, this is a great game of Mordheim. The visuals are spot-on, the story missions are fun, and you don't even have to paint your warband. Now let's get that Undead warband into the game!And then, Necromunda..."
76561197991956537,Not Recommended,276810,31754470,Posted: 14 May,all,C7 Innervation,"It wants to be a fantasy version of XCOM but the interface is clunky andd enemies take way to long to make their moves.  Get ready for frustration and waiting, woo hoo..."
76561198007342632,Recommended,276810,32891913,Posted: 27 June,all,Psychor,Prepare to sink hundreds of hours in to your gang.
76561198007550804,Recommended,276810,33149669,Posted: 2 July,all,graydn1,"Well worth the effort of completing the tutorials, difficult to begin with but once you get used to it, the game quickly becomes a weekend eater. Great PC version of the tabletop - Hopefully Necromunda to follow."
,Recommended,276810,28619636,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bio_Dio,"X-COM meets Dark Souls. I don't think I've ever played a tactical game so addictive and very VERY well designed.So many customization (talking about RPG elements, not visual) options for your characters, and each victory feel like you won the lottery (because there is a big element of luck in the game lol).In any case, if you liked X-COM, want it to be darker and more hardcore, pick this one up, it's one trip you won't forget!(graphics could be way better, and the animations are dull and boring)."
76561198186055827,Recommended,276810,28641203,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,NaSaChae,"Please made a mini map hud in 3D mode, 3D mode swich to the map makes me dizzy!!!And it takes a long time to located my heroes and army."
76561198009696760,Not Recommended,276810,29405843,Posted: 21 January,all,Schiavo,"Don't buy this game.  The computer will always be better than you.  Period.  No matter how much you level up the rival warband will be better.  You will miss a 95% chances to hit, get stunned, and die in a single turn.  Random chance happens.  Your people can and will die, you will run out of money, you will be forced to play missions that you have no chance of winning because there are no other options.This game stops being fun after the third mission.  It's repetative.  The traps are just there to be annoying.  If you do not group up and four bang a single enemy you will lose.  Level starts you out seperated?  You just lost.  Playing against skaven?  Your wizard just got gang banged before he could even move.What this game does is if you want to be successful you MUST play it in a certain way.  You MUST be patient and set ambush/overwatch traps.  You MUST group your foces.  You HAVE to have multiple people attacking one enemy.  Sometimes you MUST run away. And always you have to pray that random chance doesn't dismember or  murder your team.  You cannot play this game the way you want without dire consecuences.  You can't just run around grabbing green stones and expect to survive.  Every combat could be fatal.This game is like XCOM but worse because of stupid injuries and the demand to get warpstone.  There is no hope and no end game."
,Recommended,276810,28729758,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Edlim,"85% to hit?LOLNO MISS85% to hit again?LOLNO MISSAGAINThis game is fantastic, though, being a Warhammer fan, I enjoy it very much. While the combat can be a bit frustrating at times, its a well put together game, that is challenging and enjoyable."
76561198009182142,Recommended,276810,28946764,Posted: 2 January,all,Darkhand,"Where to start?The game is generally good, graphics are alright, nothing to get overly excited about. Game play is good but gets really repetitive really quickly.... A few annoying factors in the game, such as the 'Hit' mechanic, it comes accross as random to me without any real difference between characters or traits or skills. You can still miss on a 95% hit when you really need that hit, yet a 47% chance to hit actually hits! Boogles me at times.Then there are the bugs! I've lost count on the number of times my game has crashed on me, for no apparent reason throwing up a message with the heading 'ops'.... 'Oh, im sorry, did you have an accident there game?'SO to round off, if a Warhammer fan, then get the game, if not a Warhammer fan, then I wouldnt recommend this one.If I had to score this game, I'd give it a 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,276810,28517921,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Tazanok,I love this game.
76561198033978802,Recommended,276810,28616380,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Phantus,"A smaller studio that's really outdone themselves.  The depth of character and warband creation allows for a sense of ownership that I've not found in other WH games.  The maps are great, the builds are immersive and the atmosphere is  grimdark.  If you like turn based strategy games that allow you to grow a squad of unique characters from a feeble band into a menacing powerhouse then you've found your game.  You need thick skin and some patience but it's worthwhile and rewarding.  Easily one of my favourite games."
76561197981900929,Recommended,276810,29372983,Posted: 20 January,all,dark_ronnie,A very good recreation of a very good GW game
76561198007393444,Recommended,276810,29421795,Posted: 22 January,all,LeChatNoir,"I really love this game, probably for the reasons that people don't love this game; the WALL of difficulty, the complete randomness, having a guy run around wrecking the scourge of chaos while missing an arm and an eye.It's not a game for everyone, but it reminds me so much of tabletop campaigns. (doh! It's Warhammer!)I like the fact that it took me three times to overcome, a what would now be, simple mission. I like not knowing what warband I'm going to run up against, gets the blood flowing. I like it when my spells fail LOL Chaos at it's finest.TL/DR: Mordheim is not for the weak or the cowardly. For SIGMAR!"
76561198024957371,Not Recommended,276810,24605729,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Psychic_Flakk,"Update:-----------As of yesterday, I managed to connect to a Multiplayer game, so looks like something has been fixed in one of the patches. Thanks devs! I'm still unable to play the game in windows, so I played in WINE after dual-booting.It was a fun game for MP, and I enjoyed the ability to scan around in 3rd person while the opponent was scurrying around trying to sneak up. The turns went fairly smoothly, with no discernible lag between turns.Original review follows.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Every game results in a hard lockup of my PC. I have to hard-power-off every time.Drivers updated, reinstalled, tried all the settings, checked temps yada yada.  Support responded with boilerplate questions and never replied after I provided the info they asked for. I have 400 other games that do not lock up my PC.It does run under WINE in linux (on the same hardware as above) but have been unable to join a friend and play online. It's pretty straightforward but drop a comment if you need help to run in wine.Could have been a great game that I would have sunk some hours into, but  I can't recommend a game that locks up my PC in windows and doesn't work MP in linux."
,Recommended,276810,24965635,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Pirate Life For Me,coool
76561198036564185,Recommended,276810,13273729,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Loopmaker,Early Access leaves me with high expectations of this game and so far the developers have me convinced that all these great promises of theres and more to come are just around the corner!If your on the fence for purchasing this game i would compleatly reccomend doing so! this has been nothing but pure fun for me and its only going to get better! but be warned there be bugs out there! take this early access game with a grain of salt and youre going to be in for a f*ckin great time ill say!EDIT:Since my last review so much more content has been added and the difficulty has been ramped through the roof! :DThe AI that used to be a pushover in the first version of the game is no more and now i cling lovingly to the soles of my enemies boots as my teeth are kicked in time and time againI LOVE THIS GAME!!!! If your a fan of Darksouls and Darkest dungeon (but only if you liked the corpse and heart attack system of DD because theres no toggling difficulty in this game you casuals...) then this is a must buy!!!!
76561198006822860,Recommended,276810,25893095,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,general disaray,"A very fun and entertaining turn based game, I got it on a sale but it is worth full price. They are adding new dlc at reasonable prices unlike the other big WH fantasy game thats out there."
,Recommended,276810,18815132,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,[ZSU] Strongbow,"With the new update introducing the campaign mode and proper warband managment the game has much more content, it's fun as hell but has some issues. I honestly don't trust the RNG, anything below 80% is a guaranteed miss in my experience, maybe i'm unlucky but it definately feels off. The camera angles can be extremely frustrating, if you're using any of the large creatures like the Ogre you'll get a great view of it's♥♥♥♥♥ and thats all. The game as a whole works well though, and it's got enough content to keep you occupied for many hours. I'd like to see more item variety, more item drops and more rune recipe drops, in the 40 or so hours I've played the game I've only seen one named magical item.Best tactical TBS i've seen in a few years, highly reccommend."
76561197970785554,Recommended,276810,19382376,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hal_2005,"In the grimdark low-magic midevil world there is RNGJESUS. RNGJESUS never changes.If you enjoy Fallout Tatics, Xcom or diablo or any roguelike cocktail of the 3 listed, buy this game."
76561198079569147,Recommended,276810,28116944,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BurgerBob,"prosit's like great turn based JRPG but without all the nonsenseimmersive grim atmosphere, procedurally generated levelsdeep character development, permadeath, RNG, etc.consreviewers on gaming websites100%/100%"
76561197999354981,Recommended,276810,27894850,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Naldor,"Really addictive game but painstackingly hard. I suprisingly often that 95% can actualy miss when you thought this was a ""sure thing"".  I've over 130h behing me and I've only managed to finish 1 cmapaign. There's no real ending so the game which is a pity. Since there is no setting for difficulty I recommend this only for hardcore gamers who prefer Slaanesh as their lord and saviour to give them Pain and Pleasure in equal measure"
,Not Recommended,276810,28110652,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Nokturnihs,"So I LOVED XCOM and XCOM2 - I love Turn based Tactical/RPG games.... I hate this game, mainly because it's strategy light and luck heavy with perma-ironman. I know that people who played XCOM(s) will complain about missing constantly on a 90+% chance, but this is worse - it's so incredibly trolly with the numbers it presents - and the random fear, morale, and trap checks are just another way to keep the grind on. Which the difficulty was worth it in the XCOM series because it had a lot more than just getting trolled by the game over and over - it has a plot. This game possesses all the vacancy and empty promises that No Man's Sky provided, with the exception being that No Man's Sky is far more enjoyable. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone but hardcore Warhammer Players - because it's a lemon of a game. If I could get a refund I would, because it's a loser."
76561198006624860,Not Recommended,276810,30035647,Posted: 19 February,all,David,Such potential but my god is it boring. Turns take ages and the enemy takes more time than I do so I spend most of my game just waiting. Just too slow to be worth it unfortunately. I just hope they sort this out for Necromunda...
,Not Recommended,276810,24752320,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Domino,This game is great and has alot of potential but there are many bugs. I couldn't complete the first story mission for the Skavens because of a bug. In the mission your supposed to find barrels and place them at the human's hideout. I was only able to find 7 out of 10 barrels. I searched the entire map and there was nothing.If you want to get this game I'd recommend waiting for it to leave early access.
76561198048058172,Recommended,276810,30296706,Posted: 3 March,all,msj1117,"Excellent, hard, and honest turn-based strategy game in the vein of XCOM, etc. You take a warband of character classes into a spooky city and engage other warbands. The game allows for wonderful customization of your characters' stats and you can design a particular warband memberjust so.Then that warband member gets annihilated in combat and needs his leg amputated and you have to rethink your build for him because he can't climb walls anymore.It's an Ironman-mode only game, so there's no coming back from a maneuver, decision, or result. If you aren't thinking about strategy your warband can get wiped easily by the AI, suffer permanent injuries, and you're back to square one and need to hire a few new characters. Do you risk going for loot or a gem and exposing a character to a potential ambush, or do you hide for one round so a few other characters can catch up and add security against a potential engagement? Decisions like that happen on practically every turn, and they add incredible atmosphere to the combat.It's procedural, so every non-story mission is unique and the replayability is fantastic.A hard game at first but you eventually get the hang of things and learn to be patient and thinkcarefullybefore you act.There is a nice selection of guides written by members of the community that I found invaluable. They cover things like warband management, combat tips, levelling, which skills to train for X builds, etc., and make many aspects of the game much more approchable for new players."
,Not Recommended,276810,30480088,Posted: 12 March,all,Greenwhite79,"Unforgiving and repetitive… but also challenging & nerdy!So in this black or white system from steam there’s just thumbs up or down. The question is: Would you recommend this game to others? The answer to this question is… NO!Why?This is not a mainstream game like XCOM, HOMM & Co. It’s a hardcore Warhammer niche game for freaks & nerds! So if you consider yourself more of a mainstream player, then this game is most likely not for you. The /ragequit chance is probably over 95%... (There’s actually an achievement for it.)If you want to test the waters for turnbased RPG & strategy RNG games, I strongly recommend to get XCOM first (It’s easier and better in most aspects than Mordheim & I enjoyed it tremendously). Put it on Classic & Ironman mode to see how it goes. If you enjoy this kind of gameplay & want more of it, get XCom 2. If you done with that, there is nothing else on your plate & you get Mordheim in a Steam-Sale, then go for it and try it out.I have some likes and dislikes about the game.1st  dislike: You can’t start at once. You have to go through boring tutorials and then watch guide videos and read guides online. You have to carefully plan your Warband (party progression) and execute everything by the book or else you’re most likely not gonna make it.2nd dislike: It contains several of my personal game design No Go’s:-	Dead Ends -> Did I mention that you’re most likely not gonna make it?-	Missing difficulty settings -> Sucks… /ragequit… / You’re most likely not gonna make it…-	Unlimited spawning of enemies -> In story-mission, which are optional & can be ignored-	Limiting the savegame options (fixed savepoints or online-only savegame) - As a PC player I want a free savegame-system -> If you manage to get your sgame broken it’s… Game Over!-	Repetitive MOTS gameplay & mindless grinding -> There is not enough content to keep you entertained for long, maps, enemies, loot, names => everything repeats itself after a few hours.-	Missing space for exploration and experimenting -> The game is about perfection and extremely unforgiving-	Absence of logic -> Mission ends when the enemy flees or gets killed… What do you do now? Right, you loot the map or auto-collect the rest of the loot like in XCom… But no, not in Mordheim, you only get a small fracture of the uncollected loot, so all you just did in this mission was practically for nothing… As the AI normally attacks you in the 2nd or 3rd round, you’ll have a very small window to explore freely.It’s also very hard to fulfill optional sidequests, for example you need to collect stuff from certain enemies. This is very hard due to the early routing of enemy warbands. After 3 from 7 or 4 from 9 are killed they rout and the mission ends immediately – especially frustrating if just beat down the one you needed and this ends the mission before you can loot. In this cases the game should marked the sidequest as fulfilled. I mean think this through: You get the order bring the trinket of a certain enemy home, you beat him down and his homies run away and you leave the area without the trinket… yeah, right…-	Unhelpful & boring tutorials-	Cheating AI (in general, not sure if the AI cheats in the game…)Likes:+ solid engine, great core game play, rogue-like ‘challenge factor’, nice graphics, no critical bugs+ Game has it’s moment, e.g. when you’re hiding behind a door in Ambush Mode, the enemy walks through it and you instantly kill the unit with a critical hit… Muahahah… - Pretty rare though…+ Crazy stuff like this seems to happen (Cult of the possed):Mnezocles 19 Dec, 2016 @ 8:58amGot severed arm on a mutant. Next rank had a mutation, grew it right back."
76561197983131478,Not Recommended,276810,33300892,Posted: 5 July,all,loki1944,"This has to be a record for my fastest refund ever; if I wanted to play  waiting simulator I'd stand in line at the French DMV. Unbelievable how long 1 turn takes, makes this unplayable for me. And this is on an i7 5930K@4.5Ghz, PCIE SSD, 32GB 2400Mhz RAM."
76561198285621115,Recommended,276810,34078501,Posted: 7 August,all,Jake,"I love this game.If it is your kind of game, you will understand me.You level up your heroes until they are super tanky, or can hit hard or just stand on a rooftop and play sniper - but with one bad roll of the dice it's all gone. In my opinion, anyone who complains about the game's randomness being ""unfair"" has never played a similar boardgame based on dice. They ARE unfair! You always have a chance to fail miserably and make your charakter loose an arm.It is a hard game. No question. The tutorials offer you an insight on the game mechanics, but there's still a lot to learn. You may fail with your first hero, but you'll know what to do with the next one. And honestly - I have a smuggler with only one leg and she's still running around and killing stuff. So don't worry too much about that.Just give it time. Don't give up if it doesn't work for you when you play your first game!Many reviews complain about the long loading times and the AI's turns being to long. Just think of the boardgame and its setup. It takes much much longer, and your opponent might take a lot of time thinking as well. The same happens to you here.I'd love to play this game online against human opponents, but I already like it against the AI. I played it over 100 hours and there's still stuff for me to find out, so I'm excited to play a lot more!Long story short: If you like strategy games that don't give you anything for granted but only if you work hard for it - pick this game up! If you don't, then don't."
76561198032796319,Recommended,276810,34058759,Posted: 6 August,all,Apollo Densin,"Overall this game falls into the catagory of highly difficult but highly rewarding. You need to think really tactically, using buildings and choke points to your advantage, if you can lure a foe to hit you and get them stuck in a door, but keep enough room avalibe for your hidden unit behind the wall to join in the fight, you will have an extreme advantage.The game has a high difficulty curve, but unlike games like Dark souls it is less on pressing buttons at the right time and skill, and more on tactics. RNG will not be your friend, but in turn will not be the friend of the enemy at times as well.I would like to see some more warbands, although we would be treading into the unofficial warbands most likely from here on out. special hero units should be a lot cheaper as well, but this is just going to fall under the dlc craze most games have now adays.Overall I reccomend the game, if on the condition that it is a hard game to play and you will lose. But it is one of those games that I will keep coming back to after being frustrated with it for awhile."
,Recommended,276810,34184498,Posted: 11 August,all,Satanic Hamster,"Note:  Have played 40K, Battlefleeth Gothic, and Blood Bowl on tabletop.Very fun, very detailed, very frustrated brutal as hell game.  Don't get attached to a particular member of your war party.  Hell, don't get attached to your war party."
76561198040298199,Recommended,276810,15148011,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Theodamus,"Nice graphics, awesome singleplayer campaign and progression, solid gameplay, but could use more item variety but not really a big minus."
76561197962528544,Recommended,276810,15072912,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,13IGSH@RK,"Really looking forwards to this game being finalised.  The graphics look good, the gameplay is true, only complaint is the controls are a bit meh so far."
,Recommended,276810,14987601,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,RommoR,"Tabletop and Turn based fans your day has come!Ever wanted a self contained Tabletop game set in a multiplayer world with persistence to your army, then Mordheim is for you, based on the original Mordheim table top, its fun and easily accessible to anyone with enough of a learning curve and customization to give you lots of options and choices in making your army truly your own."
76561198035800774,Recommended,276810,19372173,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,bihgdadde,my henchman failed to jump down 5 feet and hurt himself then stunned and killed the enemy leader.  perfect.
,Not Recommended,276810,20817825,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Knightly Knave,"I love Warhammer and was excited to buy a game based on Mordheim. At first I was a little dissapointed to see there were no orcs or goblins or undead but thought that a Sisters of Sigmar army and Skaven were pretty fun. And it looks like it would be fun, if it weren't brutally difficult. I banged my head against it for 5 hours. I looked online for tips. I'm usually good at these kinds of games but this one is just too much at the beginning for me to handle. Looking on the forms the Devs are adamant that they will not decrease difficulty or balance the AI. They want it to be punishing. That's really unfortunate as I would have loved to sink hours into this game if it would have let me."
76561198073632772,Not Recommended,276810,20535385,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,magistergir,"So after not playing this game for about 2 weeks due to lying difficulty, horrible RNG, and being punished for something I can't control (RNG) I finally picked it up again seeing how it was apperantly fixed. Low and behold I'm wrong. I was severly disappointed seeing not once but twice, in a row, my leaders get brutally destroyed. I would be more forgiving had it not blatantly been the OP AI. I can not at all recommend a game that is buffing the AI instead of just adding in a bit more code. My mercanie, using sword shield, is fighting right now with back up. Misses a 73% charg, ok I just came back not like it's going to be like that all the time. Get smacked in the face by a two hander for 48 damage, 1/3 of my health is gone and the enemy didn't even have a buff. Dread instantly sets in seeing the enemy leader now whip a corner, he has a mace and shield. Ok not going to be so bad my guy might still survive this! Get charged, ok I'm in 44% parry stance, charges are usually pretty low with 60-70% of hitting I should be able to parry, I mean, RNG was supposedly re-worked! Nope, 45 damage + stun on a charge. Another attack followed by it and leader already dead on a normal in my FIRST GAME. Oh my guy was able to get ONE hit off, a 22 damage hit. Now the enemy leader was buffed, he had green (not white) damage indicators but for a 100% damage increase buff? ok that's just dandy why bother with this mission. I was literally forced to restart on the first god dam mission. This isn't hardcore, this is just set up for player failure! THAT'S NOT HARDCORE!So far, from teh two restarts that I had RNG is still blatantly in favor of the AI as they never once missed out of their 10-12 hits on me while I had a 2/4 chance of hitting majority being 80% of hitting. Difficulty is still blatantly lying to your face about ""normal"" missions which really just means enemies are tougher, more health and damage. That's not what normal means in most games, normal means a fair battlefield everyone is equal not AI are heavily favored and buffed. I could forgive the game for buffing (even though it's a 45% ♥♥♥♥ing buff) on Brutal and deadly, the ones that are meant to be a challenge and far more difficult. Normal should not though and it makes the game far more frustrating especially when piled on top of the unforgiving punishments and RNG. The die rolls for dodge/parry are different from hit chances. They do not affect each other, at all. It's more along the lines if you rolled a hit but your opponent rolled a dodge, the dodge will over right the hit. I'm going to the feedback forums themselves and see if something might be going on, a bug or glitch mayhap with this RNG since it's supposedly fixed.All in All the game is still buggy, hopefully that's the case, or clearly throwing over powering AI at you to compensate for it's failure of ""hardcore"". I'm still going to play it due to my love and adoration for Warhammer but to recommend this game to someone else is just something I can't live with. I keep hearing it gets better as you survive and play but my question is, how can it get better when I can't even get past the first day?edit: it's becoming more and more difficult to keep this review from a scathing hate review. The RNG is becoming more notible in just either being ""oh my god I can hit everything!"" to ""I'm missing 95% all the time and my 70% dodge is NEVER dodging!"". This will never be in the case of the AI however which is the most infuriating part, they seem unaffected by any form of faultiness, they'll have a miss here and there but it doesn't occur often. If you want a game that's a challenge, fun, and rewarding go play Xcom, this game just offers the challenge but none of the reward or fun."
76561198009271801,Not Recommended,276810,20622934,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Daith,not played for some month and now after patch 2 i tried again BUT i do not relly enjoy it. RNG is against you and if that is not enough injuries are too often really crippling you. That would be okay if i deliberately would have chosen HARDCORE mode or something like that.I love the Table top and hope that the game gets playable. But now with my tier 2 warband i already get punched to dust by lucky AI. The enemy heroes hcarge for 40 to 60 dam in the first encounters. Your own units will miss alot and if they hit it is for 25is damage.
,Not Recommended,276810,20326085,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DerpTheBugbear,"Random effing Bullcrap RNG... You will have fun with this game until it decides that you are going to lose no matter what.All available missions are Deadly and this is only your third day? Scout for more missions!  Oh, what's that? The first two scouts came back with MORE deadly missions?!  Guess you'll have to use the rest of your money to scout once more, unless you wanna go on a suicide mission!Oh, nice! it was a normal mission! Let's do this!*DEPLOYMENT F***ED YOU* Oh look! you're spread out with each unit all alone and the enemy skaven are RIGHT next to your guys, surrounding them.  Oh, cool! They all go first and can surround and take out half of your guys before you even get to act!  What? You're routing on your first turn?Oh! Awesome! All of the guys that went down in that battle died!Good thing you went with that normal mission instead of the deadly one.  Better hire more people with your zero money."
,Recommended,276810,19362558,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Harry Flashman,Went into fight. One of my henchmen got brain damage and a severed leg. Now she has a peg leg and continually drools but still manages to kick♥♥♥♥♥10/10.
76561198012095431,Recommended,276810,19370310,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,EL88,"I'll not lie, its not a incredible game, in fact i dont know what this game has, but i cant stop playing it......"
76561198006746967,Recommended,276810,19338747,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Arcetype,Righteous :)
76561198006921457,Recommended,276810,19375360,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Illidar1978,very good game lots of fun hopefully will see more warbands in future
76561198015355376,Recommended,276810,19307122,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,{sBc} Bane5,"If you are a fan of turn based combat games but wish the genre had more depth, this game is for you.The detail and strategy involved is impressive. Managing your own warband is also interesting. Multiplayer is also intense with the prospect of permanent death.Those familiar with the old tabletop Mordheim game and those not will enjoy this game."
76561197989324079,Not Recommended,276810,19320346,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Laen,"The actual game is AWESOME!!! Like the mechanics. The world. The way they worked the tabletop movement to computer game.BUT!!The UI is so horrible that in the first 10 minutes I had cursed it 3 times, and instantly had better ways to do it. Simple ways.Good things:- Clear stats. What should affect what.-The way they made turn- and stat- based game in to this animated thing.- Mordheim. Well done.Not:- Tutorials. I spend 2 hours reading, playing and listening that. I'm vereran WH fantasy and Mordheim player... I got the idea... but because of the UI, I really struggled to understand the computer game mechanics. But 2h in tutorials... yeah not gona float in mainstream.- User Interface. UI for short. I don't even know where to begin! This is so failed.-- Every information piece is scattered to the sides. There is no focus to the relevant information. 2/3 of the screen is wasted on a little model that doesn't give you any information. I have no idea what is relevant.-- Any logical keybinding or hotspot does not exist. You keep pressing buttons and expecting certain result... but nothing happends. Feels like actual playtesting has been skipped, because only a masocist could play this.-- Deployment in scenarious is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ In tactical mode (bird eye) you can see the spots that you can place your models, but you can't place your models in that view!! Makes sense right?! You can only place your models in the gameplay third person view. So you have to switch between, the gameplay view and the tactical view, about a 30 times when placing your troops. In the third person view you have no idea where you are ofcourse. And it doesn't help that even if know who/what model you are placing, because the UI doesn't really tell you in the beginning. I couln't figure out how to rename my troops so I could tell them apart. Again failure of the UI.Honestly. There has to be someone in their QA who had doubts? Someone who said this is quit hard to pickup??If you where in a position to change the keybindings, controls, and UI you had to be bonkers to not say something? I love the francise. Steam says that I have played 6 hours... 2 of those are from early access/beta. I still not have completed thefirst mission. That should say something.I want this game to succeed. I can see the problems and even how to fix them. What I can't see is, why didn't this♥♥♥♥♥♥get fixed before release?"
76561198049374810,Recommended,276810,19302633,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jiin,"I almost wish I could see the dice. Then I could have a visual representation of the random number generator to shout curses at and resent for getting my warband crippled.Not one member, the entire warband.10/10, just like the table top :D"
,Recommended,276810,19462354,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,cameronj1990,"Great Game! I am a huge fan of the Warhammer universe. I've never played the Mordheim table top game, but I am a regular player of its ""parent game"" Warhammer Fantasy Battles.If you can survive the first few in-game weeks, you will start falling in love with members of your warband. At the same time you may have to make some tough calls. Just recently i chose to fire one of my crew because he lost his arm... I thought I was doing him a favor by not making him fight with one arm...but the game basically called me a bad person.I'm now about 60 in-game days in on my first warband.  Beware, this game is brutal, there are many times where i feel like i might need to start over after a bad loss, or my campaign ending because i meet my requirment on the wyrdstone shippments. basically every one in my crew has tendinitis along with a boat load of other problems. My mage has gotten amnesia like 6 times and has now developed a stutter (I think its time to let him go).But if you do have to start over, dont worry. they  have a veteran system, where you earn bonuses that can be applied Account Wide. So the next warband you start could have 300 extra gold and discounts on shop items.  Think of it as a rouge-like version of Xcom. you are meant to die, but the more you do, the easier it will benow to the downsides...Load times- Yes they can be long. probably averaging around 60-90 seconds for me. But if i remember correctly the developers have said they are working on it and have already reduced them quite a bit compared to beta.Camera- for a turn based skirmish game with True Line of Sight i dont think the camera could get much better. It is really only bad on your opponents turn, the camera will jump between your guys trying to let you see the split second view of the enemy before they run out of sight again. Annoying, yes. but this has not cause any real problems for meTutorials. the tutorials are boring and take a while. there are about 8 different sections for them. half of them are game play tutorials where you learn how to move and fight. the other half are page long instructions on how to navigate the menu and warband management UI. Dont worry, the actual game is way more fun than the tutorials.Overall I wouldnt let the few downsides push you away from this game.  There is just a steep learning curve with a kind of annoying camera . they are fixing the load times."
76561197982854553,Recommended,276810,19462508,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sage,"Awesome game, that really captures the unforgiving nature of miniatures game. Highly recommended if you like playing games like XCom on 'ironman' (I do...). The metagame around warband design is excellent, and very flexible. You can design a warband the plays to racial strenths, or intentionally play against type. Watch your hard-earned veterans lose limbs -- hilarious every time!My small gripes are: 1) would like to see more war bands, and 2) would like to see more customization of the existing warbands. I'm sure that will come."
76561198026370482,Recommended,276810,19186858,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Imjustatourist,"Very good, very good indeed.Bahahahaah!"
,Recommended,276810,22493283,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Alyfox,"This will be short, cause I'm not a pro at this.Very poor/lazy animations, and the character models could be a better. The aesthetics of the terrain/buildings are very nice though, and in theme with the Warhammer world. On topic of animations, the trap and parry/dodge stance animations are a little on the long side, and the stance animations are a little odd looking.For the most part though, I very much enjoy this game. The character leveling is fairly deep, actually deeper than the source material I think (I admit, never played table-top Mordheim, but I've got experience with tabletop Warhammer Fantasy, the two being very similar). There could be a lot more variety in mission types, and deployment is kinda clumsy, but game-play overall is fun.It should be noted too that the game suffers from XCOM-itis, in that RNG can really hose you from time to time.Would I recommend? Absolutely. And I am.I hope that the devs release more warbands.. I'd love to try the Witchhunters and IUndead.  I do find it intersting that several of the characters they did release dont appear to be in the original game (although I will also add that I only have the main book, and dont know if there is any other source material). The Poison Wind Globadier has always been a Warhammer Fantasy favorite of mine so its cool to see it in this.Ok so it wasn't as short as I said it would be.TL;dr: Go in with low graphical expectations and you'll have fun. :D"
,Recommended,276810,18287126,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,discombobulated1,im in love .... it plays like xcom which is in my top 5 games list but there seems more depth to this and im loving the leveling system. the only prob is long loading times but that doesnt put me off at allif you like this game type i would say get it had 1 bug so far which did skrew me right over but its more than playable in current state
,Not Recommended,276810,17837028,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Dangerbunny,"realy super wanted to like this game, dont mind about the RNG, dont mind the froced ironman mode, but the exectution is just terible! You wander around aimlessly then when you find someone perform your single attack. unitl they or you die,....thats it. No thinking about initiave mangement, no who to activate first (as the ai decides for you), abd as you cant see the opposing warband you cant try to out manouver them either. painfull to play"
76561197973091916,Recommended,276810,24762487,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dendrazzik,"Awesome strategy game. If you're a fan of bloodbowl, xcom2 and other startegy games turn based i highly recommend it.Only think is that its a bit tedious ot learn at the beggining, you have to complete the tutorials. Also, seem to have lack of player in skirmish mode."
76561197970834641,Recommended,276810,33137059,Posted: 2 July,all,drafting3,"Pretty good game. VERY rigid and tactical, which is what I wanted. VERY unforgiving (get over it)."
76561198007196845,Recommended,276810,24488096,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,scfs123,"Two things to consider.1 - The game when it works, is amazing if you love fire emblem. The RNG is painful, there is perma death, and you fall in love with each and every brave little soldier you have.  You get to choose the difficulty each and every mission from easy - IMPOSSIBRUUU!!!! with the rewards being massively increased for the harder ones...but the chance of deat hsi far increased ~ Personally the freedom of difficulty is what makes me love the game.2 - The game has issues now and then when it gets patched. Like currently i see issues of the AI getting ""stuck"" in a cartt and not moving. Its pretty funny and annoying xDSo when deciding if you want the game, just know its an amazing game, but sometimes bugs happen, they do get fixed, but makes for bad reviews here and there.If you have any questions about the game, feel free to drop me a line."
76561197971275767,Recommended,276810,17455802,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Forlorn Hope,A fun game - havent played too much as I am waiting for further features.A word of warning though - I can already see this game potentially releasing lots of DLC in the form of new races (although i'd gladly pay for Greenskins!)
,Not Recommended,276810,18533941,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Rob de Hard,Here's why you shouldn't buy this game right now:http://www.twitch.tv/johnnygritz/v/21096322I hope it will improve. It has amazing potential. I'm genuinely hoping they polish this in to a classic.
,Recommended,276810,13953974,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ᛟ carcosa ᛟ,"Coming from a background laden with the likes of Mordheim, Necromunda, Gorkamorka it is safe to say that I am no newbie to the Warhammer universe, albeit somewhat disenchanted with the recent developments at Games Workshop. I was originally thrown into the wargaming hobby whilst young and grabbing up a copy of Space Crusade and Warhammer: Quest and I personally always favoured the Games Workshop adaptations that featured tonnes of ""fluff"", whose being warband campaigns that did not count on you buying the latest or greatest mini's but really becoming immersed into play system that demanded tactics.Over the years Games Workshop has failed to meet the bar with many of its video game adaptations of its franchises. Blood Bowl was an epic example of how to mismananage, annoy and isoloate an entire sub culture of gamers away from your product by failing to meet basic demands.Mordeim: City of the Damned is however a massive step in the right direction! The gameplay is immersive as ever with rich environments and fantastic graphics, the W,A,S,D controls in third-person rather than a strict ""overhead only"" approach layer upon another dimension of interactivity and narration. The actions and cut scenes have been carefully crafted to actually look good! The controls are consistent and easy to use, along with being able to grasp the basic rules for the game.What I must commend Rogue Factor on the most is the balancing of the game. Many players threw the Mordheim original rulebook out of the window, because of many broken atrributes, the favoured the fan moderated and constructed 'Coreheim' rules. Rather than using the broken original rules, or further breaking or basterdising rules to fit, Rogue Factor have balanced this gameplay beautifully, making it a pleasure to play.Please Rogue Factor, once you have completed this, do Necromunda: Tales of the Underhive."
,Recommended,276810,13846401,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vladimir Vladimirovič Putin,"pro+great looks+awesome gameplay+great feeling+really promising update plans+chaos infestation sexy as hellcons-dem fps lags on medium settings-no afk penalty-eternal loading screensconclusion: still love this game, would wait 10 minutes for a 3 minute match again8/10"
76561197990562257,Not Recommended,276810,25694102,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BW,"Mordheim: City of the Damned had the potential to be an interesting and challenging game. The progression system is deep and filled with interesting choices and options, and the Warhammer Fantasy Universe provides sturdy groundwork to create your own tale on top of. But the gameplay is monotonous, the technical issues are annoying and the game is among the most frustrating I’ve played in some time."
76561198022737664,Not Recommended,276810,21300581,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,o_k,"This game is so punishing in campaign that it sucks all the fun out of it. A all level 10 team with very good gear goes to the palace, gets absolutely stomped by bad luck. 3 of them dead, 2 with skull fractures and a lot of equipment lost all of it FOREVER!!! Those maps are just too damn hard and you have no save, cant do anything. I can even see that DLC cost money... The game is too hard and punishing for single player."
76561197970803130,Not Recommended,276810,26379395,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CRAZED,"I like tough games, but seriously, this is insane? Dev's need to work on the random seed or something, becaue the player is at an extreme disadvantage. I can get a victory here and there, but it is rare, and leaves no time to gather loot which apparently is required part of the game.My own forces miss attack after attack, while the enemy seems to have a 95% hit rate. The enemy also seems to always hit for 40-50 damage+ and take much much less damage back. Your average soldiers can only take 2 or 3 hits before they are down. Even my hero gets two shotted by a normal soldier with a two hander. (Which is realistic, but not very good when the rolls constantly favor the computer)."
,Recommended,276810,26220779,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Brascus,"I had previously written a review for this when it was in Early Access.  Now that it is in full release I figured I'd better get with the program.Mordheim is a turn-based strategy game based on the Game Workshop Mordheim setting.  Four different warbands (six if you get the DLC) square off against one another in a ruined city, competing for control of the city and the resources it contains.  It is difficult, unforgiving, and I love every second of it.One of the things that stands out most to me is the way the gameplay functions.  When a unit takes their turn, instead of relying on any sort of grid, they are free to move around in a third person free roaming mode, limited to their movement range.  This gives the game a very open and exploratory feel, and really feels like a skirmish instead of a board game with pretty graphics.Each army is unique and favors different playstyles.  They have their own unique skills, equipment, stat limitations, and unit types.  This provides a huge range of options with which to customize your playstyle.  On that subject you'd better get good at the playstyle as well, because the game will punish you if you don't.One of the core principles of this game is that choices matter.  If one of your units falls in battle, they may suffer injuries that will affect their stats, lose equipment, or even die and have to be replaced.  If you do well, they will be rewarded with experience points that level their stats, provide skill points, and increase their health.The PVP is a solid experience, though sometimes bugs get in the way.  Occasionally there will be issues causing you and your opponents games to ""desync,"" causing different outcomes for checks.  This could mean that sometimes a unit falls out of action for you, but not your opponent.  It's a problem.  Most of the time though it works just fine, and battles against a skilled opponent are still very rewarding.  It works well enough, that I've done some one off games on my YouTube channel, and even joined six other YouTubers and participated in a PVP league that ran for at least 16 battles.  My point here is don't let the occasional bug scare you off.Another benefit to this game is the DLC.  Since release they have added two additional factions.  The Witch Hunters, and the Undead provide very different styles of play from the other four, and I still don't feel like any faction inherently rises above all the others.  In addition to this, they added a Hired Swords DLC that added another four units to the game that can be usable by the original factions.  This includes the Poison Wind Globadier, Smuggler, Worf Priest of Ulric, and the Doomsayer.  The Globadier and Doomsayer can be hired by the chaotic aligned factions while the Wolf Priest, and Smuggler are hired by the order factions.  It's a great way to mix up your war band and through an unexpected wrench at your opponent.All said and done I would highly recommend this game.  The great support from the development team, the wonderful art style and game features, and the originality in the maps and warbands combines to make a very memorable and enjoyable experience."
76561198129337080,Recommended,276810,26358776,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Zac,"An absolutely amazing game! Please buy this game and enjoy the remander of your life. Truly its wonderful. The RNG is crazy sometimes BUT i think its part of its charm in the ""its mordheim and im probably going to die anyway"" kind of way. The multiplayer is really fun. I think that's where the game takes off is after you rank your Warband to 10."
76561198007659745,Recommended,276810,26446385,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jaykedarrow,great game
76561198026377900,Recommended,276810,26442732,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kitty La-Führer,fun game
76561197999840772,Not Recommended,276810,25081340,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jax17,Game crashes all the time. I cant get past first stage without it failing. Game seems fun but I can't really tell with these bugs. No other game gives my new computer any problems like this.
76561198008422713,Not Recommended,276810,20097005,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fred,"The game is fun if you are a die-hard Mordheim fan. If not, you will get frustrated out of your mind by the total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t balance and RNG in the game. Some battles balance seems ok, the next battle you are in a medium hard battle, 50% of your team get injured and you loose a ton of expensive equipment. There is no way to keep up with the damage you take and the casualties you sustain. Tactics, well, you will have♥♥♥♥♥♥for luck as the bad buys will spawn where ever and find your men before they manage to find and support each other. Not sure if there is a polite way of saying this stuff.. They need to fix balance and RNG. It is total crap at the moment."
76561198006770528,Not Recommended,276810,21039549,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Von Drak,"This game needs some serious balancing. The RNG is is out of whack, spent the better part of 4 hours getting into melee bundles where the entire enemy warband almost one shot all my members including hero and leader (60+ damage a swing) where as I can only deal 15-20 (assuming I'm lucky enough to hit at all) no matter the troop type so if im lucky 3 or 4 of my members can take down one enemy, this is with a starting warband on what was meant to be a basic map. Resource gathering is far too hard in the early part of the campaign and it's far too easy to be left with no warband and no gold or wyrdstone to be able to come back from. I appreciate the gaem is suppossed to be hardcore in that your band is persistent but the difficulty curve is waaay too high to be fun. Tried 3 different warbands varying between ranged or melee heavy or a mix and none of them could win a match or gather any resource of note. Found the menus and interface annoying and hard to navigate, causing some frustarting mistakes in battle, nothing feels intuitive and all the information feels like an overdose so nothing really sinks in. I did like the look and atmosphere of the game and it's always nice to have some customization options so that kept me entertained naming my bands and coming up with backstories, shame they all got hacked to bits  so deftly by uber buffed ai. More warbands choices might draw me back eg. Vampire Counts, but I'd be very cautious after this 1st taste tbh. Really unsatisfying and frustrating experience in it's current form. So disappointed. :<"
76561198029583027,Recommended,276810,26304183,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DarkDagas84,"Awesome game! Constant Development. If i had one glaring issue, it would be the AI is not very bright but honestly its not a glaring issue. with over 230 hrs into this game it has yet to get old."
76561198037714549,Not Recommended,276810,26235361,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Malitias,"Had to edit the review because since the last patch I always get a crash when starting a game.I sent the devs the report, made a thread in the forum, but didn't receive any support at all.It's a shame because this game has a ridiculous amount of potential."
76561198019163801,Recommended,276810,19660968,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Tochimo,"Mordheim: City of the DamnedI’ve always loved table top games and played a little Warhammer 40k back in the day, and I’m a huge fan of 40k themed games, but I never really got into the classic Warhammer setting.  This was my first real experience both with the classic Warhammer setting and Mordheim, and I love it.The gameplay feels like how a tabletop conversion with great graphics should, and at first there isn’t a whole lot to fights – knock them out before they knock you out.  As the game picks up you gain levels, new units, items, skills, and enchantments and things start taking off.  Skills and items sets, along with unit placement and scavenging, becomes a huge part of every encounter.  If you get far enough, you can even unlock some units from another faction for more diversity and options.As many people have discussed, the game is brutally unforgiving.  Think XCOM on Ironman and one of the hardest settings – as much as I wish I had the option to turn off “Ironman” in this game, it’s built in.  The Random Number Generator (RNG) is more forgiving than it used to be, but people who are “perfectionists” will quickly find themselves stressed at all the things they cannot control.  You will miss with a 95% chance to hit, either because you rolled a “1” or because they dodged.  You will also get hit when your guy has “135%” chance to dodge incoming attacks.  And that’s the beauty of a true table top conversion.  Even gods have brain farts.The weakest aspects of the game, at this point, is balancing and AI – and they Venn diagram into one another where the weakness of the game is concerned (for me, at least).  While each faction does something a little better than the other, the units are mostly the same across the board with the only real exception being Impressives and the Chaos faction’s large number of Fear/Terror/Alone immunities.  The AI also leaves something to be desired.  I often find that 1 or 2 of the enemies in a fight get stuck on walls, in doorways, or on stairs – especially common for the larger Ogre, Rat Ogre, and Chaos Spawn Impressives.  This is great for the player because it means less to manage, but it is also frustrating – it makes victories feel cheap, keeps you from fulfilling optional bounty objectives (as it is often the bounty targets who get stuck!), and you never know when that guy is going to decide to stop derping into a wall and join the fight.  Another problem is the way the AI will often bee-line for you - which means that Heroes, Leaders, and Impressives (that don’t get stuck) are the first you run into, which also means they’re the first of the enemies to go down before the henchman can support them if you’re patient and set up proper ambush points.  The way the game “balances” the poor AI decision making and pathing is by simply making them stronger than you.  In a “normal” fight, the easiest on the map, enemies have more wounds (hit points) and hit harder.  It scales up with difficulty; the hardest missions simply have units with 40% more wounds and damage on top of their guys having more skills and better stats.  What this means is that you will never have an even match-up against the AI; you’re always expected to out play them as you’re never on equal terms.Despite the issues above, the developers are intent on polishing their game.  They are already working on improving the AI and making other adjustments as/when the community brings up issues.  The game has a lot of potential for growth as the Warhammer world is huge, with tons of units and factions that could be included, as well as more cosmetic options for people who are really into the customization aspect.  I look forward to seeing what the developers do and I hope to see more games like this, especially a Warhammer 40k type!"
76561197987836955,Recommended,276810,20044160,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WOMBO COMBO,Its a pretty decent game.However it gets repetitive after awhile. It gets old after you figure out how the AI works. And I can't find anybody to battle with. So its mainly a single-player game for me.Hope more stuff gets introduced
76561197993929492,Recommended,276810,26130145,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,teylamade,"Great game, but you need to be into this sort of style of gameplay otherwise you will hate it.CONS- large upfront amount of game mechanics to learn, sometimes the stats pages look like something out of an excel spreadsheet.- Slow gameplay, so if you are into arcade style speed and action then this is not for you.- Difficult and punishing, which is a pro or a con depending on your preference.PROS+ Fantastic atmosphere and Warhammer Lore+ Very deep, if you stick around it will last hundreds of hours before you have seen all the game has to offer.+ Its addictive, in a 'just one more mission!' sort of way.+ Having perma death results in you becoming quite attached to your little soldiers, resulting in you rooting for them in fights and being upset when they die. (Similiar to pokemon Nuzlocke runs)"
76561198156290234,Recommended,276810,26198146,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,CritsGreg,5/5 would rat again.
,Recommended,276810,28696304,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Helixagon (Greg/Omni),"If you enjoy games such as XCOM and Darkest Dungeon, you'll probably enjoy this too. Don't expect AAA production values or fairness. If you come into this game expecting a smooth run, you're gonna be disappointed. If you enjoy the ups and downs of a game of this nature and take it as it comes, you'll find a satisfying experience tactically on par with the aforementioned games.I actually enjoyed that unlike XCOM or Darkest Dungeon, downed soldiers will usually survive and are more likely to be injured than dead. It's a bit more granular and allows for more balanced fights where you can have multiple downed soldiers but still win, rather than all-or-nothing (either you kill all the baddies, or it's a total failure). The 'rout' system plays into this nicely as well. Coming from XCOM I found it refreshingly forgiving while still keeping the fear of death at every mission-end screen.It's not a beautiful game and it could certainly have more variety - if I paid full price for it, as a frugal gamer, I might feel a bit ripped off. But at £10 it's a steal. It fills a niche that few games do, and it's gradually getting better over time as they add more warbands (even if you don't buy the DLC warbands, they'll show up as enemies) and fine-tune the balance. The devs are very communicative too. I hope to see the game expand even more over time.There's unfortunately lots of folks downvoting genuine reviews and trying to trash this game, which is silly. It seems a lot of folks have never played an RNG-based game before and are stunned that 90%s can miss and 10%s can hit. Those moments where your archer fails to climb up a wall three times in a row are hilarious BECAUSE they are unlikely. The moment when your henchman nails a 10% to hit a vampire lord, or when you lose your leader to bad luck - that's why we play these games. It enables a narrative that other games don't have. The triumph of victory against steep odds, the crushing defeat of failure. You don't get that feeling in most games. It's not for everyone, but if you're one of those people - you know who you are - then you know that there's no substitute.I suggest looking at hours played for reviews and check out some youtube lets plays if you're on the fence."
76561197999799775,Not Recommended,276810,25658143,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TheImperialFist,"This game is complete and utter garbage for one reason only. The random number generator is broken as all hell in this game.At first I loved this game and thought it was the most accurate conversion of a GW game that I had played, but when all your hard work and tactics is thrown under the bus in every single match its insulting to the player that the Developer is either so inept or so careless that their ""random number"" generator is bias and broken.When your leader has a 75% or more dodge rating and EVERYTHING HITS HIM EVERY TURN, it shows how broken it is. I understand that occasionally you get back luck and bad rolls, but this game consistantly ruins your efforts. Dodges are failed enmasse, and yet when you attack an enemy with an 85% chance to hit and you fail 5 attacks in a row, every turn it demonstrates that the developer has skewed ot the numbers to fail you and favour the AI.This is an enormous deterant to playing seeing as your Warband has to carry from game to game with all its failures and setbacks while the enemy AI gets a fresh team every single match.If this was just a difficulty setting I wouldn't mind so much. If it was bad luck every now and then I wouldn't mind so much. However all the high percentages set in my favour, fail about 80% of the time. Whenever the enemy has a low percent, they seem to succeed 80% of the time.It breaks the game and mean no matter how much effort you put in or how much time you spend learning the mechanics, it means ♥♥♥♥ all. Because its auto set to fail you.\O/   DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN GAME   \O/"
76561197983086292,Recommended,276810,19599139,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,A5tro,"Awesome game, looking forward to more warbands as DLC.  Hopefully GW gives these guys the rights to make Necromunda.  This is one of the best GW conversions!!"
76561198013881358,Recommended,276810,19627164,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,kipper70,"This game, dare I say, is even better than the tabletop version. No arguments over line of sight, no disagreements over if someone is in charge range or not, no loud discussions over the terrain features and how they affect your movement and most importantly, no one is getting dice pelted at their face when the above situations occur. There are some features of the tabletop version that I like and that are missing from this iteration however these are small things, and far outweighed by the impressive array of skills, a much better percentile system (over the old D6) and better opportunities to really customise your gang of misfits."
76561198026956678,Not Recommended,276810,21341724,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Foxyblaster,"Unfortunately it is incredibly slow to play (waiting for enemies turns, moving through menus, slow executions of all moves), and the menu system is awful - just awful."
,Recommended,276810,23670820,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Berry,"This game surprised me, I came in with no real expectations but having played the board game I was pleasantly surprised. The game is what it sets out to be, hard, tactical, dark. Very well polished and a good use of the IP.However, I CANNOT recommend a game with such a godawful business model. I would be fine with warbands being DLC, or the main game being higher priced. I am NOT ok with selling individual heroes as DLC.Only buy this game if it is on sale, and only buy the DLC if on sale and bundled.It is a shame for a great game to be handled like this, but business needs are being met in a distgusting way."
,Not Recommended,276810,19683940,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Gin and Tonic,"I wanted to like this game, I really did since I'm an avid player of the tabletop game. Mordheim: City of the Damned has all the elements that make a tactical game fun. Campaign play, character advacement, varying scenarios, tough tactical decisions, and I could go on.However, the game fights you at every corner. The random happenings completely upset the freedom of movement of the game as it locks in your current movements. The AI just ignores the sub-objectives and groups up into murderballs. The RNG elements are just too strong (numerous times I simply had crit-stun-out of action happen against back to back to back). I could sense the fun to be had with this game, but all I ended up with was more frustration than fun. With limited gameplay time, this game is getting uninstalled and downvoted."
76561197975763521,Not Recommended,276810,19747267,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Titanius Cuddlesmith,"7/10  Good game that aims for hardcore players.But i have a few issues with it.- Lack of options around the difficulty, as well as options to save when you want.- No correct numbers around what the chance of a succesful attack or move is. As well as what different special attacks or  commands do you are left to test and hopefully succed.- Various graphical bugs, screen twitches.- When you do win over your enemy, session is over, despite the fact you won you wont get any of his or the loot around on the map, it will be left behind unless your men put it into your cart or carries it with him. To that end it feels more like you were in a bigger hurry to leave the area than your enemy despite the fact you won.All in all it is a good game, packed with a lot of frustration (at times) as well as a very uncustomizable game state."
76561197997688291,Not Recommended,276810,20861275,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,john.strohm,"It's just not very good. I'm a big fan of the tabletop game, but this bears it little resemblance. Combat is totally different, as is positioning. Navigation is very hard with the insistence on a first-person view. A top-down view would be much better.Too much time is spent hunting for wyrdstone -- is it on this level, or up or down a level?"
76561197991172402,Recommended,276810,19727515,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Samarin,"Its a good game in the sense that it has captured the spirit of the table top game Mordheim and Necromunda. Small skirmishes and options to customize your squad along with rpg elements where your fighters level up and/or get smashed down to the ground and end up with scars from previous battles. I can agree with the critisism that critical wounds in this game have a lot more impact than the perks you get by levling up, something that could be rebalanced.The biggest problem is that the pace of the game is pretty slow, once you have seen the most common animations a couple of times there is no way to turn em off so. The effect is that even though your turns are pretty fast, since you at least are givving input to the game, watching your opponents turns is pretty tedious. I wish the developers would make it optional to turn off a lot of the animations. The game would certainly gain a lot from that change alone."
,Recommended,276810,26349148,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Morzus,once you learn how to play it sucks you in or at least it did for me! i love this game!!!!!!!
76561197972731736,Recommended,276810,19716203,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,FerrousTarkus,"You will like it if:You love warhammerYou have a lot of time to spareYou like hard gamesYou like turn based gamesYou can close your eyes on relatively big flawsYou will dislike it if:You dont have a lot of time to play(its very time consuming, every part of it)You are bothered by relatively big flawsYou dislike slow paced gamesYou dislike repetitives missions without much substanceIts confusing, every part of it, you have to experiement and learn by yourself. At the beguinning you will restart your warband often. The ingame interface is alright, but the warband management interface is clunky. Its a good game, for those who have a lot of time to spare. Its really in multiplayer that the gameplay shine, because the AI is pretty dumb and have its statistics padded to compensate. So best way to have fun is to have friends or join a clan.Also, a second screen is higly suggested or play in windowed because the loadings take forever and while you wait for the other non-visibile warband to do their thing you will want to keep your mind occupied during all these waiting periods."
76561198006644483,Recommended,276810,34371895,Posted: 20 August,all,commonwomble,"To all intents and purposes, this is Darkest Dungeon in 3D, with all that entails. It looks good, the environments are interesting and detailed, and the atmosphere is delightfully dark, with some wicked humour lurking beneath the surface. Warband building and customisation is extensive, with new options and toys being drip-fed to you at precisely the right rate - you are rarely overwhelmed with options, and there are always new toys you can get after 'just one more game'.On the negative side, the UI and controls can be fiddly, the AI can occasionally be a bit daft (although hardly a game-breaker), and like DD, you have to watch out for RNGesus - If he is against you, you'll suffer. That said, even these defeats add character to the game - My Vampire lord lost an arm on his third outing and I couldn't afford to replace him at that point. So I rebuilt him as a dodge-tank instead, and now Wilhelm the One-Armed Vampire is the terror of the Merchant Quarter!If I had one major complaint, it would be the warband story missions - some are very good, but others are a brutal, unforgiving slog. (Looking at you, library missions).At heart, this is an interactive board-game. Bear that in mind, and it's easy to overlook it's faults and have a blast leading your merry band of murderous miscreants through the City of the Damned.(Although I do have to make a complaint about false advertising - to the uninitiated, the screenshots might suggest there are Skaven in this game. Everyone knows that there is no such thing of course, and anyone who says otherwise is a vile heretic!) See you on the streets!"
76561198089713559,Recommended,276810,33757058,Posted: 23 July,all,thishadbetterbefunny,Gud
76561198020316445,Recommended,276810,33764232,Posted: 24 July,all,Obeed,"Awesome strategy game, one of the best turn based games I have ever played"
76561198007750078,Recommended,276810,31659114,Posted: 9 May,all,Simon,"Good, not great, game.  Bear in mind, it is now completely unsupported, with no more patches or DLC coming."
76561198263822765,Recommended,276810,33958614,Posted: 1 August,all,Quickflash90,"this game is basically the dark souls of turn-based rpgs, except I found dark souls easier, so yeah I hate this game, its pretty good tho, I recommend getting it when its on sale"
76561198066054527,Recommended,276810,33977500,Posted: 2 August,all,SevenAteNein,"I'm generally more of a Warhammer 40k guy, but this caught my eye a ways back and I picked it up on sale.Necromunda is the only tabletop combat game I've ever played, and Mordheim is exactly that in the Warhammer world.After you and your team earn some experience, having them romp through the enemy without taking a scratch is very gratifying."
76561198300597766,Recommended,276810,34506810,Posted: 26 August,all,Vizzedrix,"Great game! It´s challenging, sometimes unfair but i had always fun playing it and i will continue till i reach end with all parties.You definitelly gonna need some help at beginning, use steam guides and youtube channels, they are plenty of them."
76561198064958559,Not Recommended,276810,33983660,Posted: 2 August,all,Sek510i,"It had potential.This game was based on a good premise, it has interesting character builds and a wide range of tactical possibilities. But it just doesn't quite come together.First of all, it's complicated. And not in an interesting ''ooh, look how detailed this game is'' kind of way. It's just full of mechanics that seem completely pointless, or don't add anything to the gameplay.Worse than that, though, is the pacing. Most of the game seems to be spent staring at a featureless screen waiting for opponents' characters who you can't even see to do whatever it is that they're doing. When there is a fight, your characters spend a good few seconds staring at each other between actually doing anything. Even during game changing battles between powerful characters, there's no drama.It's just a basic stab animation. A loooong pause. A basic slash animation. Long pause, while deciding what ability to use next. Stuff happens offscreen to opponent's characters. Slash. Pause. Stab. Pause. Etc.....I want to like this game, and I do like many aspects of it. Character progression, the mixture of PVP and PVE for the same warbands.But there aren't enough warbands, the RNG is frustrating, the pacing is useless, the visuals are pretty good but not what they could have been and the fights just seem dull.So close. I still play it, but usually only for a round or two every couple of months before remembering why I stopped."
76561198047874280,Recommended,276810,18945711,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Boris always Boris,"I bought this game early in the Early Access when it took forever to load and was a clunky mess ... but a clunky mess with potential.I put the game aside untill it became more playable.Now it has campaigns and warband/warrior progression ... loads relatively quickly and has lost the control clunkiness ... looks like a finished product and plays great.Highly recommended ... just don't get too attached to your warriors, life in Mordheim is brutal."
76561198030916207,Not Recommended,276810,22580848,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,dmcf,"This has the potential to be a really good game - in some ways it is a good game already - and it may well become one in all ways. If it does i'll certainly change my review to positive, but at the moment, despite a lot that's good in the game design, good atmosphere and good graphics, there are some annoying design flaws and some basic necessities lacking.If i could i'd have given it a neutral review at the moment, as a i like a lot of things about it, despite being frustrated by several others, but Steam only allows positive or negative.The atmosphere is good and some design choices are good too - e.g being unarmoured gives less protection from damage if you're hit, but it also gives a higher chance of dodging attacks - and of climbing and jumping successfully.The AI is pretty good - not perfect - but about as good as I am at any rate.However some other design choices do not work.The amount of equipment characters can lose from being knocked out in battle is excessive, as are some of the permanent injuries. You can play say 8 missions with a warband in the single player campaign, win 7 heavily, then lose so much equipment from one defeat that your campaign is over.(EDIT : Above not entirely true - once you've played enough of the game, even if you lose campaigns, you get Veteran Skills for all your warbands, which include some giving you a 5% chance over so much time of getting free armour, but still, armour is rarer than it should be imo)This is even more so, as , even if you do have money, the shop frequently has literally nothing to buy in it - and even when it does have anything to buy, sometimes very little, and  rarely much armour.The penalties for abandoning even a single player campaign mission are often equally campaign-ending. I abandoned one mission and practically my whole gang were injured as a result, even though none had even lost any significant number of hitpoints in the part of the mission i played.One hero ended up losing an arm, while my only archer developed megalomania, meaning he could no onger use missile weapons - and he was pretty high level at this point.This is made even worse by the lack of any save game function in for single player campaign - so if you get one disastrous mission you can't reload from before it and try again, you have to start the campaign from scratch with a new warband.The game has included the variety of set ups from the original tabletop miniatures game, but, while these worked well for the tabletop game, they don't all work in the computer game. For instance when one side is deployed inside buildings in the tabletop game, they can leave them quickly and easily in a single turn. But some of the computer game buildings are confusing mazes that can take a while to get out of at all.The overhead map you can switch the view to in battles now makes it a bit closer to the tabletop game - but unfortunately the map is sometimes misleading, showing what are actually rows of houses that can't be entered or crossed to look like they are a drop or have gaps them in - and this can result in defeat in some missions because you just can't find how to get half your warband to where the fighting is.The 'ambush' stance in battles allows for ""ambushers"" to ""ambush"" while standing in the open. I've even had enemies run up to within two feet of me in plain sight in the open, go into ambush stance - and when i move the two feet to attack them they ""ambush"" me , attack first and cause my character a ""surprised"" penalty. This encourages sitting back and waiting over attacking, as if you stand back and ambush, you will almost certainly get all the first blows in, whereas if you attack first, the enemy will often get the first blows in using ambush.The zones of control around your own warband's members can often block the movement and attacks of other members of your own warband, which is pretty bizarre and annoying at times in narrow streets. Sometimes you can get round this by climbing up nearby buildings and moving some warriors round to attack the enemy from behind - and this is fine. Other times this is impossible though, depends on the luck of the randomly generated maps.While you can increase the stats of members of your gang by just getting experience, for some reason getting skills from experience also requires crazy amounts of gold that make giving characters skills not practical, which seems like a bad design choice too.The interface for equipping your warband members is strange and not intuitive in some ways - e.g to buy armour for a warband member from their equipment screen you need to click on the equipment slot . then on the shop, then the equipment slot that piece of armour or weapon goes in again.Probably even most of these problems would be ok at least for the single player campaign though, if it had a save game function you could use before a mission."
,Not Recommended,276810,19333263,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Eadan,"Not worth it in its current state. If a patch arrives addressing following issues, it may be decent.- load/animation times- inability to loot/interact with objects in other teammate's engagement circles- enemy routing early resulting in less xp/item gain from map since you can't do optional objectives or collect wyrdstone- not being able to see equipped weapons during missions- not being able to see equipped weapons/free skills of new mercaneries before hiring them- very slow progression ( I played 40+ hours already with no enchanting recipes found)"
76561198087981271,Not Recommended,276810,23733026,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jon_wojcik,"really tired of GW games being put out missing more then half the actual mini game races/teams, and then having to pay for all the extra teams/ warbands as extra dlc."
,Not Recommended,276810,29779560,Posted: 8 February,all,Karn,"Saw a sale going on now, felt compelled to give a review to let fellow consumers know some flaws in this game. But the final decision still lies with you if you're comfortable with the potential enjoyable aspects of the game.Haven't played this for the past 6 months, obviously due to some gripes about the game. The game is not well suited for mainstream audience, as it is very technical. And the tutorial only covers the very basics, which leaves you feeling confused as you start to play the campaigns. The game was implemented from the board game perspective, so it does feel quite confusing sometimes.Example, your unit is going to target an enemy unit. Let's leave  out the RNG mechanics aspect 1st. Let's say i have a 85% chance to hit. That chance to hit is based on your unit stats as the 1st calculation. It has not taken into account the enemy's dodge stats and other situational aspects that may affect the final calculation.I cannot see what is the point of porting the boardgame to video gaming if the developers does not make use of computing to make the final calculation for the player, then for the player to make a risk/reward decision based on the available info given to him.The final straw came for me as i mistakenly upgraded another skill instead of the one i wanted. i can't remember the skill name, but they were both identical and listed one beneath the other. and with the all white and tiny font size, it takes amazing eye vision to squint and carefully read. Needless to say, there is no option to undo a honest mistake.There are a few other aspects which i don't like, but i'm not able to remember clearly which mechanics."
76561198017054401,Not Recommended,276810,34518697,Posted: 26 August,all,sethkane,"I tried to like this game...tl;drIf you're considering buying this game, even on sale read the negative reviews first.I generally love games like this, and in theory Mordheim ticks most of those boxes for me but somehow fails to be fun.First of all the game is slow between loading times and sat around waiting for the enemy to engage you sometimes it can be painful.The movement controls are horrible i spend half the time i wasnt sat waiting to ambush running into walls or exploring empty buildings trying to find a chest with another 5 whole gold(!) in it. i feel like this could have been so much better with a hex design if they werent going to make the effort to smooth the maps so you didnt get stuck on half the walls, doors etc. Unfortunately this makes exploring and sneaking around for loot feel unrewarding.The UI is clunky and half finished, there are a plethora of menus hiding behind menus and chances are you'll get sick of seeing them after levelling up a few times.The difficulty that people mention, thats not a problem...if the game is interesting. But it really isnt. Its clunky, repetetive and bland. The devs have made a game with some of the best warhammer units and the best premise and made it tedious and unfulfilling.i completed 5 missions (and the god-awful tutorial) I won 3 and lost 2. The losses felt unfair but caused me to rethink my strategy (which is good) the following three missions i won in the same way which made me realise this is the only real way to play the game. Which takes strategy out of the equasion and just turns into a slow grindIf you want something hard but fun play Xcom with the long war mod.If you want to torture yourself and try to enjoy this game...good luck."
,Recommended,276810,13963417,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,skoripi00,"I got this game thinking ""Eh, why not? i like warhammer, and the reviews are good"". i then plyed it for four hours, involved a friend, and played a three part skirmish game with them. I would highly recomend this game, becouse desppite being early access, this game grabs you by the warpstones and doesnt let you go"
76561198009847378,Not Recommended,276810,31949852,Posted: 25 May,all,How Zany,"I've put up my own series of guides and a play through on  youtube for the Skaven faction and I had invested a lot of hours in this game and I kept thinking maybe this game can be great, I mean otherwise why would I put so much effort into making an entire youtube channel for this game?The thing is, this game is very unique in that it is basically a tabletop strategy game that was turned into a computer game making it more accessible to the more ""casual"" players. It has the potential of being almost as popular as chess. BUT the devs didn't understand this potential and didn't understand how to unlock it.The Good:-This is a very challenging strategy game that involves  a solid understanding of Strategy concepts and players who crave a deeper experience or who have read and know how to apply The Art of War and/or have military background would enjoy this game.-This game is exciting and draws inspiration from a fun franchise.The Bad:-This game does not have a lot of players who play and due to the decisions made by the developers this game is likely going to only be played by the most die hard fans.-The developers only focus on graphics and it took several months after release for them to fix the random teleport/rubberbanding issues which would cause your units to teleport randomly around the map which will likely get them killed via being put too close to the enemy by being too separated from friendly units.-This game does not really have a smart AI and therefore once you do have a good solid grasp of how to be strategic or use positioning to cheese the AI you will be able to pull off victories without any loss of units every single game and this makes the single player very dry and boring since once you've reached that level of understanding (by following simple rules like 1. Damage comes from surrounding enemy units with multiple units of your own, not giving each individual warrior high damage... 2. Reduce the enemy's damage by taking them out at chokepoints if facing superior numbers so that doorways become key real estate to control. 3. Pulling your low health units back and switching to ranged weapons if any makes your units be able to carry on fighting even if they are low on health and in this way reduce their risk of dying while still getting usefulness out of them.)The Ugly:- The way the Devs made this game, the game is extremely punishing in that if you lose a unit in combat they might die or get a permanent injury that will make them useless and all those hours of upgrading them is wasted. Then there's the fact that if you lose a match your entire team will take damage and possibly die. There is no way to prevent this.- The game's brutality is further compounded by the fact that multiplayer is the same exact thing where if you play multiplayer your team will also DIE if you lose and even if you win any unit that was knocked out will likely die or take permanent damage. There is a ""no deaths/penalties"" mode in multiplayer but because of the overall brutality of this game where you can't save so you can't reload, nobody plays multiplayer anymore.- The no saving, every decision is final, permadeath, devs only care about releasing DLC's and upgrading graphics part of this game makes this game prohibitive for new players who want to play and also makes this game exceptionally hard to get into because unless you are a seasoned pro at strategy games (like myself), you WILL struggle and cry bloody tears when your favorite units die in horrible ways because of a simple misclick that you made and there's no way you can take it back."
76561198017966774,Recommended,276810,13859224,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Spetsnaz,I look forward to this developing. This team may finally have captured Warhammer.
76561198018079741,Not Recommended,276810,31800729,Posted: 17 May,all,☨ ✪ DeuZerre ✠ ☭,"I would recommend this game if it didn't cheat all the time. I did the math and the AI gets way better rolls than the player does, which heavily skews things in the AI's favour. Even when you do things right, you will get screwed, mathematically. So basically you're down to exploiting everything you can, like overlapping ranged units to stall the enemy approaching, things like that. It is frustrating beyond beleif, and when you win despite these odds, you don't really feel rewarded, just ... Dunno. Empty.In addition, the DLC factions are broken beyond beleif.So no, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,276810,23970444,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Miyu Rosewood,"First: game doesn't  have anything to do with table top version - it's a simplified, comvoluted version of X-Com, where yu can see map only through eyes of your units (over their shoulder actually)Second: Game punishes you for everything including for havin bad start. You can start with et of heavy armor and helms in store.. or you can start with nothing. If you abadon mission, you may find, that your warband is disabled for 5 days, all with permanent injuries and  gear missing. Just luck.You may find yourself in battle versus rank  5  PVE soldiers, being rank 0. That is, far lower stats and no gear vs.  full geared ones. Just luck again.You may find your officer spawned  in middle of enemy camp, while your team scattered, within 5-6 rounds of walk through maze map.  He gets killed in one round ond mission would end. New officer wil cost gold you will not have. Campaign ended. Just luck. No logic behind that."
76561198004637044,Not Recommended,276810,16786683,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Witold,"Game could be nice, but interface is a terrible mess."
76561197992589408,Not Recommended,276810,20171461,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nemean Lion,"This game started off with amazing potential and, at it's roots, is fun in a twisted, masochistic kind of way. Unfortunately, the developers have got it into their head that it's a good business practice to cater to the super hardcore masochist crowd and ONLY to that crowd. In the same vein as Dark Souls, you'll really only enjoy this game if your idea of fun is getting brutally mauled over and over and over again, mostly because random dice rolls decided you're going to die.Then there's the community. God forbid you have a concern that the game might not be perfect, for the tiniest voice is discontent is met with contempt, scorn, and mockery from the aforementioned masochists. They will actually TELL you to ♥♥♥♥ off and don't play the game if you don't enjoy the savage beatings the game gives you, even if you did everything right, and yes, you CAN do everything right and still get your warband destroyed because of the RNG, but the hardcore crowd will blame it all on you, tell you that you suck, and should either suck it up and enjoy it or leave. They seem to have no idea how detrimental to the game's longevity this is, nor do they appear to care, so long as they preserve their precious ""hardcore"" status.The devs, unfortunately, have plainly expressed their intent to NOT implement certain features (like a basic Save/Load mechanic) because they want to be ""hardcore like Dark Souls,"" they have no plans to expand upon the pathetically lackluster customization, and generally have made it very clear that they don't intend to do anything but cater to the most hardcore of hardcore players.In short, if you liked Dark Souls or XCOM on Hardcore Ironman, you'll like this. If getting bent over and destroyed at the whims of the mad ocelot god that lives in Jeff's head doesn't sound like your idea of fun, skip this game."
76561197970199189,Not Recommended,276810,13043750,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Superallumette,"Soooooo...The game is pretty good looking, the universe is well respected.Interface is not very user friendly and not really reactive, you cannot always know what you can do, what you cannot, why, etc...I really really want to love this game, but as for now, this has been a really unpleasant experience"
76561197975356691,Not Recommended,276810,15279978,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,standardissuesquirrel,"so much potential, but i just have a feeling that they will take the money and then disappear.not worth the price tag, expected too much but there is so little done with it. played it on a mates computer about xmas tome and thought it was ok, bought this a month ago, thinking there would be a lot of improvements and so far nothingwhat really annoys me is that they have done an april fools thing about the carnival and im just thinking to myself rather than faffing about with an april fools joke they could have spent that time adding things in like the campaign, the in game store, the experience gaining. but no all there is to play is a skirmish game of which the camera angles need sorting and the turn sequence is nothing like the table top gameall in all, save your money till its fully finished which by the rate things are going should be around the time the moon is colonized"
76561198054829096,Not Recommended,276810,23907260,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dougatosb,"NOTE: My hours played should be far more than shows because I've mostly played this game offline.I REALLY wanted to like this game, and for periods I would have quite a bit of fun with it.  It mixes several things I really like: (1) Turn-based combat; (2) good graphics; and (3) a 3D Map.  But I'm about to uninstall.My primary issue is COMBAT:- You want victories to be as clean as possible, meaning that none of your troops get put out of action (lose all their HP).  That's fine, but the ""strategy"" required to avoid such ruins the game.- The RNG of whether you (or an enemy) hits or misses a swing is far too important.  I don't mind an unforgiving game (where its very possible to lose characters or die) but when the unforgiving element is tied heavily to RNG, that's a problem.- The enemy often has more (or stronger) troops that you do.  They will swarm on you really quickly once they find you.  So if you go out and try to collect loot on the map (fun) you expose your troops to getting pounced upon and dying (not fun).  The best tactic is often to ignore loot and set up a very defensive position and simply wait until the enemy finds you (not fun).- Some maps force your units to be split apart from each other, either randomly or by choice.  In any event, its quite frequent for some of your troops to be separated near an enemy.  Once they jump on you, you can't really effectively run away.I think those are enough points to give you my general impression."
76561198017588431,Not Recommended,276810,17957348,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,mathew.haffner,Multiplayer only mode available and no one is playing...
76561198056060506,Not Recommended,276810,31760390,Posted: 14 May,all,Evil_MoFu,"It was a very promising title when I first spotted it. Was playing Warhammer way back in its pure RPG form. Love the world and its story/politics/conflicts. That being said I had high hopes for this turn based tactical RPG game. Unfortunately after aver hundred hours put in this game I have to say it is just not worth your TIME (not to mention money). This game is extremely punishing due to it's ""unhinged"" RNG and inevitability of loosing experienced characters to it. It matters very little if you play tactically smart and make sure you have an advantage in each combat. A few bad rolls in a row (for instance hitting only 2 out of 4 times with 95% hit chance) or getting crit hit, stunned, and you can start over again. Do not listen to trolls that are gonna swarm all over this review, I wouldn't be surprised if some of them are getting paid for what they do here. In the end you purchase and invest time in a game like this for pleasurable fun time. You will only find frustration and disbelief that a few ""random"" (random-like, as it has very little to do with true randomness) rolls and you will loose hours of gameplay inversted in your warband. Before you consider all the bs storm that will appear under this post as comments consider that there is plenty posts already there talking about how unbalanced this game is. You will also notice same people arguing against any negative comments about this game..."
76561198007698302,Not Recommended,276810,31831114,Posted: 18 May,all,ionrobsam,This is one of those impossible games you always try one more time in the hope this time it will be different. It has all the requirements to be a great game saving that vital one the abliity to win a campaign. Two or at the most three mission victories and then you run out of funds and its over. I fail to understand the desire to create games which are impossible to win which is why I only buy games like this when they are on sale for 75% or more off. So if you want to spend an hour enjoying this game and thats about all you'll get out of it before you have to start a new campaign.
76561198021581283,Not Recommended,276810,28335730,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,herparchist,"Mordheim is a merger between two of my favorite things, tactical strategy and warhammer fantasy.  Mordheim should be the game that I spend 100+ hours playing, and mucho dinero buying all the DLC. Instead it is infuriating beyond belief.My complaints first:Tactical game? -- has no functional top down view, no functional grid, nothing to help chart pathways, lay ambushes, plan charges, nothing. Ambushes often times do not trigger, for reasons unknown to me. Sometimes my warband can charge engaged opponents, sometimes not, seems completely random. I've found my warband stuck in poor situations too often, due to not being able to gauge distances, etc...Inventory-- is a total joke. Small items do not stack, WTF???? Bob loots 3 coins from a body. Bob gets 5 coins from a chest. Bob has 8 coins, right. No Bob has 3 inventory slots and two of them are occupied by 3 coins and 5 coins. Now Bob previously picked up a total of 27 coins. These 27 coins all fit in one inventory slot, but either Bob is too slow to put all his coins in one slot, or...Same thing with wyrdstones. Small fragments take the same space as clusters, which are 10 x the size? You also can't equip anything you pick up. The helmet you just picked up, which you have a place for, on your head, nope no putting it there, that'll have to wait till after the mission.Gameplay-- is slow, with unnecessary animations. Opposing warbands are really aggressive, their only tactic is to swarm. Quest goals are sometimes vague and can take forever to figure out, or the quest will just randomly end, regardless of wether you are able to complete the objectives, or not.And your typical gather wyrdstone quest, goes like this. 3-5 rounds of exploring, looting, gathering. You get noticed by the other warband. They swarm your warband. One leader/hero or another falls. Morale check. Quest over. And this happens over and over again.RNG-- Game uses rng which can get stuck, causing your warband to suffer, sometimes permanent damage. I just finished a match where the roll was 90 for four consecutive attacks. I lost the objective, due to my hero falling to a zombie with 10 wounds left. Seriously, the zombie has time to destroy my hero, while two other henchmen miss all their attacks. Hero falls, zombie loots the token I took from the other warbands hero, I finally get a shot in on the zombie, morale check and quest over. No objective for you.My compliments:Warband develpoment -- Customization on every member of the warband. You can tweak each member of your warband to make them specific, dynami, and unique. There are almost too many customization choices available, which means you can really spend time and geak out.Landscape-- Mordheim is Warhammer fantasy to a T. It's brutal, trap filled, landscape in ruin. Basically Warhammer fantasy.Mechanics-- Not fully a plus in my book, but I do like that the warband can do maneuvers and attacks. Different maneuvers use movement points, attacks use offensive points, etc...I don't know if any of the issues I have with the game will ever be fixed, or if anyone with the ability to mod or fix some of this stuff will. I hope that happens. Like I said, Mordheim should be the game that occupies way too much of my life, except that it isn't."
,Recommended,276810,19166666,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Bandit King,Neat game. runs well. has some crazy RNG.
76561198029215094,Recommended,276810,19266494,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,gatawj4,Great game. For those whoa re not coming form a Warhammer background the game plays like a combination of Darkest Dungeon and X-com except really good and fleshed out.
76561198093045344,Recommended,276810,17685253,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,The Horned One,Rat power
76561198096114307,Recommended,276810,14240867,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Wartime84,"As a hard core warhammer fantasy fanboy I was excited to see this game. I've already had quite a bit of fun with the early access version but its getting a bit boring now without all the extra custom options we will have ""soon"" hopefully.ProsIt's frickin warhammerIt looks greatreplayability is amazing as the maps are constantly changing slightly and warband loadouts are customizable.Initiative table keeps the game moving at a decent pace for a turn based gameconsLoading times are sometimes pretty insane (in a bad way)Needs some balance tweeks (I'm sure this will happen)Only 4 warbands availableOverall I think this game is going to be awesome, I just hope they can get enough of a player base to fund future content and add more warbands.SuggestionsImprove match load times and BalanceI know balance is a tough thing to do when you have so much customization between so many different units and most of the time I enjoy playing the ""weaker"" underdog in games but I feel that guns are WAY too strong. Try running a group of melee only sigmar into an over watched rifle group of wolves its ridiculous."
76561198003215331,Recommended,276810,19169006,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Zarkrash,"Fun game, but RNG is brutal.*Miss a 70% chance to hit 3 times in a row? Yep. Will happen.Also, it's annoying on how when you have you're ""ambushing"" you're at a disadvantage due to how your army is split up."
,Recommended,276810,19171664,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Ayatollah,BEST GAMES WORKSHOP GAME !
76561198087944101,Not Recommended,276810,35026609,Posted: 17 September,all,mrmot,"It is nothing like Mordheim boardgame. It is too damn hard when you start. I tried and tried, and it kill my will to play this game. I am just glad that i got it on sale and did not pay the full price of the game. What a waste of time and money...."
,Recommended,276810,21652702,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Munithe EXT,have you every imagined what it would be like if the whole city got blown up and you and your friends can go to coney island like warriorsit's a real thing you gotta get to coney island warriorsexcepts it's warhammer universe and you're gonna get ♥♥♥♥ed upworse than anything in warriorsonly con to the game is it needs more brutal animations especially execution moves
,Not Recommended,276810,28687263,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kragnfroll,"I really wanted to like this game, but 12 hours is the most I can do.It's really clunky. Useless animation of your crew reloading and taking trap damage and looting stuff take way too long.In the end, I think you spend most of your time waiting to be able to play, which is even more frustrating when you're loosing.Then, It's supposed to be a hard game, whith no ability to reload saves. It could be fine, but there is still some awful stupid bugs that can make you lose, and it's hard to see your captain dying for a bug.My biggest concern is how hard it is to read the map and make precise positionning. It is supposed to be a tactical game, but it's nearly impossible to make the tactical part works. Sometimes it ""feels"" like your tank is blocking the door, but it is not. Some time it feels like there is a path, but it is not, and as you climbed a wall, you cannot get back. Sometime this house feel safe, but there is a ""hidden"" (hidden because you have to fully explore to see it, which can take 4 to 5 turns ) passage on the third flood after four stairs and bridges, and the IA kowns it, and use it.In short, you're often punished because the game isn't good enough to give you the information you need to play well, and I hate it.To conclude, after trying lots of differents things, and looking for advice on internet, it always end up with the same technique : make a bottleneck in a closed room and defeat all your opponent in a 3vs1 fight. Every map is only ""how can I end up to this situation fast enough ?""Anything else is too dangerous, and you will get punished hard.Difficulty is fine when it force you to get better, but it's not the case here. It only force you to make a new game when you're not lucky enough."
76561197976932966,Not Recommended,276810,24767395,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,",.","So. Slow. Takes forever, Feels slower than tabletop warhammer even. It's alright, but who has the time to play? Between the hardcore aspect and the time it takes the AI to do anything the time commitment is just too large for the reward.Also the character's faces are poorly modeled and it bothers me, along with the awful shearing and bland textures."
76561198031319612,Recommended,276810,17253520,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,spinlittlemonkey,pretty sweet of a game. cant wait till its fully operational.
76561198084220467,Not Recommended,276810,15482803,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Rohlex32,"Never got to play, always stuck on load screen before battle.EDIT: the game runs now"
76561197982872523,Not Recommended,276810,28519642,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,_sjc_,I dont like how you can lose entire team b/c of speard out placement and the comp always seems to know exactly whre you are
76561198005414568,Recommended,276810,19191740,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ancallagon,"Im in such an abusive Realationship with this game, that im thankfull if it just cripples my Gangmembers instead of just  killing them.10/10 would blow up my Chaossorcerer again"
,Recommended,276810,19186311,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Skell,Yep.
76561198120517657,Recommended,276810,19181383,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,sgullion4,i bought this game when it just came out on steam it it sucked not going to lie but when i come back for the latest patch it was amzing.  and now im going to go and play it bye
76561198027172227,Not Recommended,276810,29361137,Posted: 19 January,all,EPMAN13,"Problem with this game is, it is the same over and over again.Even worse when you play 5-6 mission and you do everything right, then one mission you are just unlucky, still making no mistakes, just unlucky and you are back 5-10 missions.Good thing is, you can play on a laptop, becuse its turn based, but yeah proberly one off the only pros."
76561197991872084,Recommended,276810,15170983,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,DeathDealer,still need to charge more. Need help finding path to enemy. need text chat.
,Recommended,276810,14961706,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kazereal,"Very promising turn-based tactical battles.Visually looks good.More in-depth review when game is farther along, many things are marked ""coming soon"" at this point.Quick update: there is now single-player campaign system and it seems very interesting :)You recruit characters to warband between missions, equip them, level up, healing and so forth. The campaign really is promising in that there is depth and results of each mission will carry to affect further missions (do you have plenty of new people or experienced veterans, how good their condition is etc.).One thing that might be good to see is some kind of initial placement of your own warband and/or select their placement. As it is there is sometimes the problem that some characters are in a bad position and before your turn can't do anything about that. Perhaps something is planned already but we'll see.So good progress in development. And as said before, there is depth and challenge to keep you interested in the same way classics of the genre keep you interested.I'll update review as I have a chance to learn more."
76561198007371954,Recommended,276810,14721300,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nagash Supreme Lord of th Undead,Amazing game!
76561198006632534,Not Recommended,276810,21635925,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Urake,"This game is too hard.  The original Mordheim (and Necromunda etc like it) were tabletop games where both sides were humans and most importantly 'Used the same dice'.  Here the computer has one loaded set against yours.  Before people cry 'RNG' I have seen that in other games - even games based on other tabletop games by Games Workshop, and at least its generally fair even if you have a bad game sometimes.  But here when my character misses 3 '90% hits' in a row, and his one hits with 3 '60% hits' in a row - and it happens almost every game - I call that cheating not 'RNG'.  When this happens in 'every battle' then it goes beyond a joke, and so I have decided to uninstall this game today.  A shame really - I enjoyed the seeming difficulty to start with.  But there a difference between a difficult game (which I enjoy) and a cheating opponent (which I do not) - and there are better ways for a developer to make a game hard than loaded dice!  Not even remotely recommended - 2/10"
76561197984665064,Not Recommended,276810,21861132,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Orion,Incredibly simplistic combat. Unrewarding gameplay. Overall very disappointing.
,Not Recommended,276810,21769692,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Baaah,"I want to like this game... I really do. I gave it a big chance, tried each warband, played it pretty hard.. But it's massively let down by terrible balancing and lack of saving... My game was ruined at Act 1 scene 4, after building a solid gang, I was progressing across the bridge when the Chaos Ogre on next to no health, Stunned the main story character then killed him in 2 blows from full health.. Mission over I lose? all my characters take wounds which ruins them, I lose all my magic equiptment... Seriously 3 BS Dice rolls in a row and may as well start over.. Why would you not give a save option? Seriously it's 2016.. you have an ok game with a terrible mechanic ruining it.Add to this... Terrible balancing means camping/Turtleing is by far the best option, kite an enemy, kill them, rinse and repeat.I await the downvotes from the insane hardcore lovers.. ""oh you just don't get it"" or some such nonsense.. Terrible mechanics don't equal hardcore they equal terrible design descions...Edit - It's not even difficult for the developers to fix. Offer a single player mode (so saving can't be exploited for multiplayer) disable the multiplayer for warbands created for singleplayer, and allow the player to save the game, it's clearly saved after every single characters move.  Just add saving/loading in camp. Then people can re fight bad fights.. Suddenly the game is less merciless and enjoyable.Balancing the battles however might take a bit more work. At present the AI seems ridiculously over powered in 1 on 1 situations."
76561198007347583,Recommended,276810,19192436,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Scarecrow511,"This is a great gane, heaps of fun. I have been playing right through early access with no problems. Unfortunately it seems to be crashing a lot since 'full release', not sure why though."
,Not Recommended,276810,32008409,Posted: 27 May,all,KraftyKev,"Terrible controls and poor gameplay. At first I was of the mind that a 3rd person, turn absed combat game would be great. I enjoy strategy, turn based combat, but this .. this was a disapointment."
76561198018580181,Recommended,276810,19192615,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,smudger40k,This game is great fun!always wanted to play the tabletop mordheim and necromunda and this is a pretty cool version of it!very smooth for a turn based game with fun gameplay and squad management!should definately buy!!!!And with DLC comming!9/10
76561198102808163,Not Recommended,276810,31805389,Posted: 17 May,all,Hyregoth,"Reading the reviews and the community posts, I've lost track of the number of people complaining about the RNG. As it is theorically possible for a RNG to come with number higher than 80%, ninety percent of the time. We all know it's B*** S***.This game needs to be fixed. Those numbers do not come up for the Computer AI RNG only the player. I challenge anyone to chart all the numbers on the player side for 5 games and do the same for the AI side. If you get a straight line graph of random numbers (1-100 or close to it, as it should be), I will retract my statements. I've done it and though I could post them here there is no better test than to do it yourself. I'm not sure why they put that algorithm in there. Only to make the game more difficult. If you want to do that fine DEVELOPERS but please put in an option for those of us who like a straight up challenge and not a game that fudges dice because it's not challenging enough on it's own."
,Recommended,276810,13031870,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Karak,First Impressions video with comparisons to other games in Genrehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2UbiVcE244
76561198088879795,Recommended,276810,23033070,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nurgan,"You will be offered downloadable content, which is actually a part of the basic game. All of your opponents have access to it, including in single player, you cannot opt out of them having it, but you cannot access it unless you pay for it. The word ""Downloadable"", I do not think it means what you think it means.Inconceivable."
,Recommended,276810,17512367,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sourcarnival,Showing all the signs of being a fantastic adaption to the cult classic tabletop game.
76561198118846543,Not Recommended,276810,20186116,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Siazk,"Very disappointing game. Expect to fail a 75% chance or above roll 6+ times in a row. Optional objectives are a joke as one of the war bands will be defeated before you are through looting even half of the objects on the map. There is one way to play this and that is to hide in a group until you spot one of the enemy, kill them instantly, and then rush the rest with a morale bonus. Would not recommend  until the game is given a bit more polish, if that ever comes."
76561197971166655,Recommended,276810,19631222,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,pwnarou,If you like Warhammer then you will like this game.
76561198007484491,Not Recommended,276810,21308356,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,horus500,"Sadly this game is a load of Cr@p! Very poor faction balance, very poor tutorials, etc. Such a shame. The Graphics are so perfectly on the mark and it held so much potential. I was really looking forward to this game but it has been a total disappointment"
76561197993255559,Not Recommended,276810,21576173,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Raveled,"There's a lot of fun mechanics in the game, and it's interested to see how the devs translated the tabletop wargame rules to a tactical/action video game. Overall though, it's way too punishing for me to have any fun. The gameplay feels trial-and-error based, and when you're punished so thouroughly for every failure the cost is just too high. If you enjoy restarting five times per campaign in XCom this might be for you, but I don't have that tolerance for random failure."
76561198001024988,Recommended,276810,20056408,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Halabaloo,"I absolutly love this game.RNG will kill just as often as it saves.This game has a TON of RNG.If you don't like RNG, you shouldn't play this game and stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing that RNG killed you."
76561198026946110,Not Recommended,276810,20574893,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,zarren_7,The percentages in this game are not correct. The computer makes it's averages but your guys are hiting below average even with high percentage chance (above 75% and i still miss 1 in 2). Out of 21 matches i have made maybe 3 criticals while the computer makes that per battle. Not mention every single computer team has a higher initiative no matter who i use or how high i put their alert stat.
76561198009087258,Not Recommended,276810,28725692,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hatchzool,"Ok, this is my first review and it is worth my time to write about this game which is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my opinion.For me this game is punishing me all the time without even slightly rewarding me for anything. It seems like the developers were thinking ""oh look, our game is so hard and so challenging and most of the time we thought about ways to penalize you, so we must have a really great game, people like that!""Trust me dear developers, no they don't. I really liked games like Dark Souls which were challenging and hard, but also rewarding and you really had a pleasure to win after multiple deaths on the same boss. Dark Souls didn' t miss the one and most important thing that you did, you should have fun playing a game, afterall thats the only reason why you start to play a game, no?But let me start and say why. I'm sure I did something wrong on the first mission but god forbid. why shouln't I on my first day playing this game. What happend on the first story mission:1) I wasted 5 hours of my life without any progress or enjoyment2) Monsters started the first round and ganged my hero (2 x 48 hp hits) so he was almost dead (he is ok equiped, breast plate, helmet etc.. how am I supposed to finish the mission with one of my best players almost dead from the start of the mission??3) I had to play that mission two time to know how to place my party in the sewers for the Spinetaker rat there which is killing my people in one round4) I managed to kill all in the sewers with only loosing one player and placed 7/10 barrels there (really I have to place a frigging 10 barrels, why not make it 50???)5) So I thought ok, no problem I will go back and take another 3 barrels with me, but what happend? of course 2 more rats as reinforcements appeared.6) After killing those two rats, three more appeared. At the end I managed to kill a total of 9 rats.7) But of course they kept coming... why? I can't tell, I guess I would have to ask those genius developers of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game8) Of course at some point all was over and my main character had a 5 day penalty, that means there is no reason to try the mission again for 5 days, resulting in failing the shipping request which will result in even more penaltiesSo, my first experience with this game was not only frustrating but I just felt messed with by the developers, thats really why I'm so mad about this♥♥♥♥♥♥here. Spending hours and loosing all at the end without any progress, with only frustration, please tell me why should I play your ♥♥♥♥ing game??Edit: Oh, and as I see all the weapons of my characters are gone also, rating my party useless. Hehe this is all so ridiculous, it really starts to get funny now for me.Edit: Ok, I played my warband a bit further. Recovered from the penalties, won some missions, was ably to fulfill the shipment penalty request of 167 weight. I stayed on the normal missions like suggested, actually my warband was in a good shape. Today I'm really done with this game after giving it really a looong chance that it didn't deserve from the start, and will finally uninstall it.Additional negatives:.) On many maps your party is spread all over the place making it impossible for you to plan tactically but just try to find the fastest path to group them together..) You have no idea how to navigate on this map. Is there really an exit in that building or will you find a magically closed door that you are for no reason unable to open..) It seems like the rats which I encouter often can walk over half the map in one turn giving them a tremendous advantage to form together and zerg single targets killing them in the first turn. I would say in those missions the advantage of the AI is 80:20 from the start. In addition self deploy just does not always work. No one knows why..) When the enemy is low you magically start to miss (I don't speak about dodge/parry). That is a proven fact for me. It is like that. Even when you have 88-93% hit chance, if an enemy is low on health you will start to miss a lot. If someone says otherwise, they need to go back to school. That is fact, it is cheating..) Some missions you will lose right from the first round and you can do nothing about it, just nothing. That is not how a tacticall game should work. This is making it look hard or unforgiving when it is just bad design and game mechanics..) You can not use the weapons or armour that you obtained after a mission. Really there is almost no loot in this game and when you find some, you are not allowed to use it because it is from a different warband. Really? You will not be able to use the poison swords from the rats or the hammer from the sisters, because the developers miss the animations? Give me a break, or some more for this game, please..) I could really go one but I'm losing interest....Who ever reads this, trust me, stay away from this game and take any other turn based game instead. Trust me, I'm not ranting or lying, just trust me."
76561198022754544,Recommended,276810,19593561,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,chaosguy,"A good TBS game!   You move a Warhammer-style squad through the ruins of a city in search of comet fragments.  4 different factions with 4 somewhat different play-styles give it decent variety.  AI is generally predictable, prioritizing loot over tactical advantage, but will react quickly if you make a mis-step, and also makes a point of prioritizing & hunting down near beaten warriors of your squad if you leave them exposed.MP is much more of a nail-biter challenge, as each player scouts for the other and tries to bring more force of arms to the point of conflict before the other player.  One-on-one duels between squad units tend to be RNG affairs, which make a lot of the strategy about tactically manuevering your opponent into an ambush where you can bring the hammer of sigmar down on them with the full weight of your squad."
76561198051605111,Recommended,276810,19595205,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Jos,"This is a rough tough game and I love it.+ It doesn't baby you like ♥♥♥♥♥ console games.  When you make mistakes you will be punished (sometimes severely) permanently.  BUT it has a decent set of tutorial missions to ease you in and get you and your warband on your way.+ If you are a  squad-level strategy fan you'll probably like it.  It's similar to XCOM, Blood Bowl, and Space Hulk Ascension if you've played any of those.+ It's original.  I love that the devs took risks on this and I think it paid off.+ The graphics are certainly not AAA, but they did a good job of making you feel like you're roaming the twisted streets of the city of the damned.There are some downsides for sure:- Currently loading screens are almost 1 min, and I suspect it has quite a few memory leaks.  Hopefully this will improve with patches.- The 3rd person persepective really detracts from the strategy nature of the game.  It's very difficult to navigate your team around the multi-level streets without constantly flicking over to the map.  I wish they'd built the game more around top-down perspective.  Having said this I can see why they chose to get you down into the streets where the action is.- Alot of the bonuses are marginal.  I find this frustrating.  2% here, some other useless skill there.  When your men get 'killed', often they either suffer some marginal penalty, or get one so severe they are finished.- The AI is pretty good compared to many games, but has some pretty serious flaws.  Hopefully this will improve with time."
76561198031084615,Recommended,276810,19596693,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,makkw,"Yes, I would still recommend this game, but it's a barely pass.I find this game interesting enough to play for few hours. The graphic is good enough, the gameplay is fine. The designers have worked hard on it. But after few hours of game play, the real test of every games, the continuation of finding interest in playing and the objectives of every mission, seems to have failed me. I have heard that the first full patch is out and more patches are on their way. I can only wish that further development different types of missions and background can be considered."
76561197982128399,Recommended,276810,19559750,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,☢Ｄιαмση∂ѕρι∂єя☢,My own favorite game of 2015. Fun stuff! I only hope they will make enough to allow for DLC.
76561198006577480,Not Recommended,276810,24024441,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lord of Nothing,The game is all about restart or starting over. The success percentage is way off in this game and seems to favour the AI. Not a game I'd recommend to people to aren't fans on the warhammer universe4/10
76561197980241343,Recommended,276810,19460966,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561198071069935,Not Recommended,276810,19894280,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tuttleboy,"Interface is cumbersome and there's no way to tell where each character is any kind of an easy way. Kinda feels like a junk 90's RPG game without mapping. So close to being fun that its ridiculous.Like any other GW specialist game it's almost good, but really isn't."
76561198210158531,Not Recommended,276810,24148949,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,alexandre.rocheleau,I like the Mordheim game and the world of warhammer. Despite his accuracy to the game (design and art) its unfortunately not a game that I like and basically because it's not fun. The engine is casual and the game is litteraly cheating sometime. I like hard game like darkest dungeon but this one is just not pleasant to play.
76561197975755126,Not Recommended,276810,19269742,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Monster Fluff,"This game has an excellent premise, it has the perfect setting, it is punishing if you make a mistake and intend you to not get attached to warbands as they fall by the wayside in the city of the damned.It is also incredibly unfair at times, and I personally will never put the game down with a smile on my face as I generally feel cheated by the RNG or the AI's ability to rush half a football field over to you and then ruin your day in a turn. Add this to the INCREDIBLY clunky looting and movement system, you can when the luck goes against you feel like flipping a table due to the sheer time investment you've made into the session.Is it a good game? At it's core, yes it is a good game. Is it worth 40 Euro? No. It is not worth 40 euro by a long shot. Pick this up when it is on sale."
76561198018040592,Recommended,276810,19319624,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,MagicalBindi,sweet game
,Not Recommended,276810,28930525,Posted: 1 January,all,Pendragon,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ you face the op DLC warbands in the regular game but you don't get to play as them. Have fun watching your warband fail their terror checks time and time again was they are picked off by the vampire leader.Another gripe the the missions, you will come across missions that pick your starting placement for your men which leads to one guy being alone almost right next to the computer's camp. Yeah kiss his♥♥♥♥♥good bye as the moment he bumps into two guys he is thrown into a break test. If he fails he runs which lets the computer get free hits on him.Now that being said I love these games, I have played X-com with the long war mod and X-com 2 and there is so less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to deal with compared to this game."
,Recommended,276810,14317924,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Horatio Somerville,"So far so good, it's early access but that is well marked.Ok had a chance to actually play a few games and I am so excited for this game.ProsGorgeous graphicsLots of funlots of customerisationGreat IPConsInteresting camera angles....."
76561198008355995,Not Recommended,276810,31664284,Posted: 10 May,all,\Forever Alone/,Personally i love this game´s concept. But sadly game is really really really RNG. When games system has lot of permament effect stuff and your punished by RNG when you think your doing wise choices. It is really making you sad and frustrated because your rng happens to ruin your mission because chances didnt like you. Also there´s little bit cheating AI when playing campaing what changes odds against you and game tend to increase mission day goes by. ALso if you pick huge unit your enemy AI will copy paste same stuff his side adding difficulty mission bonuses to them. There are lot of games where im kicking enemys♥♥♥♥♥♥but huge enemy buffed huge unit comes and kills 3 people in team and you lose. You cannot do anything about it.So if your fancying warhammer wolrd merchanery game. Get this but dont come whine to me when your angry and frusrated that your picked on by rng god. Personally they should add something to make gameplay less annoing because your choices rarely matter in tactical matter. You can head rush your team idioticly at enemy and do lot of good when you think your clever game punishes you.
76561198033264054,Not Recommended,276810,20954100,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gluteus Maximus,This game have so many obvious flaws that you'd think they would fix those before releasing DLC. But no. I guess these developers are as greedy as they are bad.
76561198087345077,Not Recommended,276810,19789088,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jimmeh,"Terrible animation.Long loading times.No save option. Every mistake or bug will screw up your campaign. I've started a new game four times now, only to be screwed over by some silly starting placement after one or two missions.Frustrating gameplay. It's like Dark Souls, but without any of the reward since there is no skill to the fighting, just RNG. It just feels unfair everytime your hero gets knocked out after missing two 80% chance hits in a row.Repetitive surroundings. Every location is the same boring burnt down cityscape. Nothing unique about anything. Generative maps can be great but it needs more character.I can imagine this is fun in multiplayer with a few friends for some classic table top like action, but as a single player video game it fails to be any kind of fun."
76561197988878171,Not Recommended,276810,23285012,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,wizardroth,"This is my first review.Mordheim is absolutely my very most favorite tabletop game of all time.  I love just about everything it has.  I love the feeling of scarcity.  I love the brutal, unforgiving nature of that terrible broken city.  I love how your heroes grow and develop only to eventualy succumb to wounds, madness or death.  It is dark, and it is amazing.This rendition of it did get some things right, a lot when I truly consider it.  However, I can not recommend it.  It simply has no soul...  It is immediately a grind from the very beginning and nothing else.Yes, you will get some new units unlocked and some slightly better gear.  Yes, your units will level up, get skills and improve.  Yay!The game made it feel as if none of that really mattered.  You will never encounter the same warband you fought before.  They are all random.  You will never enter an engagement against anything other than a superior foe.I like hard games, but I also like a game to make me feel something other than annoyance.Here's what happened to me.  I made a whole bunch of different warbands.  I tried 'em all.   Started with the Skaven, but couldn't get them to work.  They were really fast and could kind of use that to determine where the battles took place but they just seemed too fragile to keep up with constantly superior foes. Chaos way too random.  Really liked Sisters of Sigmar, but seemed to get the furthest the Empire.  Had everybody in really heavy armor.Ended up in a fight with the Sisters of Sigmar.  Did freaking great/  Didn't lose a single guy and filled up with a lot of wyrdstone.  Awesome!  Wait...  where is this last enemy? The leader?  I creaped around through a few buildings ready to fend off an ambush but nothing emerged.  The computer was thinking every turn, so I thhought the matriarch must be moving.I found here in an attic right in front of the only ladder, too stupid to come down.  Because I had found them largely useless, none of my guys were packing ranged weapons and the only archer who could do something a little bit useful sometimes was wounded.That left me with three choices:1.  Accept every single one of my units as a casualty because I had not lost enough units to voluntarily rout.2.  Start a new warband as the game does not allow for loading previous games.  I am totally fine with this concept.3.  Quit the game because I didn't like the first two options.I chose number three, and that is why I cannot recommend this game."
76561198033032964,Not Recommended,276810,31926859,Posted: 23 May,all,metallobster,"all this game does is♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. i spend hours building a team up, just to fail,fail,fail and fail. there are so many problems with this game. the undead are broken as heck. there vampire single handedly swept my team of 7 because of his ♥♥♥♥ing fear ability. i never once got to even try to hit him. the traps on the ground are absolute bs. and the hit presentages feel so fake, it hurts. i built my sisters warband up to do high dodge rolls and hit rolls. i would get 95% hits and miss both attacks. and have 75-85% dodge and always get hit. granted my sisters never died in after battle. but after so MANY ailment add up, thet become such a burden to have but you spend hours and hours. the game is ABSOLUTLY unfair. i have tried so many time to get into it. I LOVE THE WARHAMMER theme and i love the WARHAMMER lore/ franchise in general. but this game feels like it trys so hard to beat you merciously into crap for no reason. i want it to be a bit easier and the undead fixed. maybe a easy mode? just to get my bareings. i cant even play long enough to ""train"" my skills.i really do hope they make a second mordheim. but FIX it. the game feels so close to being something so special. but its just to unfreindly to beginers. i did uninstall it, sadly. the game makes me angry period and i cant afford to break anything in a blinding rage."
76561198006552870,Not Recommended,276810,20123433,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,blackhagus,I found this game to be frustrating in the extreme. The Loot system if difficult to use and limited in capacity as to make it impossible to collect the required items to complete missions. Combat is often one sided with the computer controlled faction  making all their doge/parry attempts and you making less than half of yours. NPC characters also on average do about 50% more damage per hit. Games should offer some challenge but one bad mission in this game (which happens quite offten as it turns out) can wipe out a war band that you spent many hours building up with no way recoup the losses. The control system is also very clumsy so that you can often end a characters turn or preform the wrong action by accident . Overall i am very uhappy with this game and feel that it was waste of my money and time.
76561198103617164,Not Recommended,276810,31867686,Posted: 20 May,all,The Raid Man,"The game is so RNG heavy that sometimes you can do everything right and still get ♥♥♥♥ed. Sometimes you'll be denied the ability to deploy entirely. Sometimes one of your important characters will get swarmed by Skaven on turn 1 before you could even move him, meaning he's probably dead. Sometimes your spellcaster will roll a curse on his very first spell, which may very well succeed, and STILL explode into blood and 99999 damage. No, I'm not joking. Sometimes you'll swing 4 times with a 95% chance to hit and roll a 96, 97, 96, 99, respectively.  Sometimes your guy with a solid %30 crit resistance will get crit three damn times in a row. Sometimes the game will put ALLLLL the wyrdstone over next to the enemy wagon.  Sometimes you get ambushed by a higher level warband, and have to just ""do as best you can"".  Sometimes the Skaven will take all the Wyrd stone by round 2, lose three or so henchmen that had nothing really on them, and then route and keep all the damn wyrd stone. Sometimes there's a random Chaos Daemon that just seems to have it out for your leader in specific for no apparent reason.Sometimes this can of course work for you, as well, but for those of us that RNGesus seems to have it out for, be warned. On top of being able to be wiped at any given point just due to bad luck, the game also blatantly cheats. Glad I paid only $10."
76561198006573852,Not Recommended,276810,31667053,Posted: 10 May,all,花恋,"Maybe you'll like this game, but I didn't.There's an hour of tutorials before you get started.Then, once you start the game, most of it is spent waiting. Waiting for invisible units to move. Waiting while set whoever is guarding your cart to Ambush every single turn. Waiting while the rest of your team is all stuck behind one guy who keeps failing a Climb test to progress through the area.Then, once you've spent nearly fourty minutes waiting and moving your guys through the area painfully slowly, some random enemy comes out of nowhere with a giant hammer and kills one of your guys in two hits, and there is nothing you can do about it. Next thing you know, you've failed your 'moral' check or whatever and the mission is failed.I love Warhammer, and I really wanted to like this game. The idea of customising and progressing your team sounded really fun. It's just a shame the gameplay itself doesn't work. At least, not for me."
,Not Recommended,276810,29849453,Posted: 11 February,all,Digitalni.ninja,"Three words: ""Waiting for opponent"", and those three words are a great NO-NO for me in a computer game.The battles are so slow paced that it feels like you are playing with a human opponent.The mechanics are not good. I could compare it to some other games who did it right, but there is no point. The game is tough but not fun. It is just not good enough to be recommended and this is coming from a Mordheim and Necromunda tabletop player and a true fan."
76561198008492707,Not Recommended,276810,21596573,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Seth Striker,"A game that I have invested many hours into that has ultimately given me minor streaks of enjoyment with a heavy dose of pure, gut wrenching frustration, due to largely the games broken, or non-existant RNG engine (Random Number Generator). The game maker has ""addressed"" their broke RNG engine in the last patch, but for the life of me, I see no difference. I have yet to play this game against other humans, but against the AI, no matter the hit chance, the AI wont miss and no matter what I do, I seem to be unable to hit consistantly.if they ever fix the RNG engine in this game, I'll change my review to thumbs up, but until then, its nothing but frustration and hate for this game that has so much potential.  A game that is not fun due to what seems like weak AI that is propped up with a loaded RNG engine is not worth your money."
76561198137747666,Not Recommended,276810,22113333,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,methemez,"I really want to enjoy this game, and I'll probably keep playing it now and then, but it's very, very hard to recommend, especially at full price. On sale it's much, much safer for your wallet, though not on your blood pressure, it will suffer and if you're anything like me you'll break a keyboard or two while realizing that.It is an excellent strategy game. As a warband within the walls of Mordheim you are tasked by superiors to retrieve a substance froma meteor that's all over the city, while combating rival bands and improving your troops.It's strategy, so you'll move units around a battlefield and combat and pick up items and resources, pay tribute to your benifactor, and upgrade your team. However, given my complaints, it might be better to call it a rouge-like strategy.Your higher ups will demand some wyrdstone, you will go out to complete the order, and get paid for it. RNG will kill your team. You will try to hire more people. You will run out of money. You will be stuck without money and without units and your superior will still demand more until game over. Over and over and over again. Plan to fail in the face of an awful system of routine pain and suffering if you want to get to the delicious center where all the excellent strategy and gameplay lie.An auto save system keeps you from save scumming, which would be a mode in another game, allowing for a variety of people to enjoy the game any way they want. As it stands, it serves only to frusterate as men you pay to fight fail and fall over while trying to complete basic plans. A 90% chance to hit is closer to a 50 in the eyes of the RNG gods. Watch people you've put hours of work and skill into die because they were randomly put next to an ogre. Observe nights of effort put to the flame by lucky crit.Some people are into that, and that's cool, this game will cater to you, and I can reccomend it. The rest of us are left kind of disappointed we spent money on this."
76561197999927672,Not Recommended,276810,21646436,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Rumpus,"I really wanted to recommend this game.  Let's start with the good: it looks amazing, and does a strong job of capturing the feel of despair that permeates the Warhammer universe.  I approached the game assuming it would be a rogue-like, and on my first playthrough everything clicked well for 8-9 battles and I had a great time.  I won most, I lost a couple.  Eventually, my warband lost a fight badly, my Leader and my Hero both suffered perma-death, so I rolled-up a new warband.I've rolled up four new warbands since then, and never made it past the second mission.Because the AI is so bad, the Devs game it a huge number of advantages.  Some are blatant, others I'm inferring based on AI behavior.1) In anything that should be an even match-up, it takes twice as many hits for a PC to defeat an AI than it does an AI to defeat a PC.  If the enemy leader runs up out of nowhere and smacks your leader, you will lose about 1/3 of your health in one shot.  When you counterattack, you'll do about 1/6 of his health in total damage.  Also, archers are incredibly underpowered, and only do about 10-15% damage to an enemy.  It's pretty much the same for minions.  This means that in a one-on-one fight, you are generally guaranteed to lose.  The only way to defeat the enemy is to mass combat power on an isolated enemy.  Which brings us to point 2...2) It's often impossible to mass combat power, because the game frequently scatters your characters' starting positions all over the map.  You will often start with at least one character alone and surrounded by enemies.  Even if you have all your characters make a beeline for a central location, it will take a minimum of 2-3 rounds to consolidate.  In that time period, at least one or two of your characters will probably be dead, because the AI never seems to have a problem bringing 2-3 characters into contact with an isolated character by round 2.3) The AI always seems to know the shortest path through level geometry.  If I have archers stationed at a high point raining down arrows, the AI can always find a path to get a melee character into close combat in one round.  Meanwhile , a human player without perfect knowledge of the geometry may spend several rounds trying to find a path up to an enemy archer.4) The only real source of money in the game is Wyrdstone, and you must collect it constantly to please your patron to keep the game from ending.  However, the enemy generally seems to have no interest in Wyrdstone, and makes a beeline for your characters, forcing you to spend all your efforts fighting until one side routs.  If your rout, you receive no Wyrdstone.  If you win, you receive a very small fraction of the total Wyrdstone remaining on the map.The one time the enemy IS interested in Wyrdstone is when one of your characters has collected some and is running it back to your wagon.  The AI seems to know which character has Wyrdstone and focuses all effort on bringing down that character to prevent you from collecting any.5) There is no difficulty setting.  I understand it's supposed to be hardcore, but even after paying for scouts, my difficulty options for battle on Day 2 are frequently a combination of Brutal and Deadly.  In order to make your required payments to your patron, you need to win the overwhelming majority of battles.  Because of the low Wyrdstone collection rate, even the battles you win provide very little Wyrdstone.  Check out the achievements on who has even gotten as far as completing Chapter 1 for each of the factions.  The highest is currently the Mercenaries with 3%.  It's one thing if your game demands intelligent play and well-thought tactics.  But this game is frequently over before you take your first turn.Verdict: This could be a great game if they smooth the learning curve a bit, stop the deployment stupidity, and reduce the AI's stat advantage.  There's a great game hiding in there.  The people who praise the game in its current form generally talk about how easy it is to exploit the AI.  If the only way to win is through AI exploitation, this is a poorly designed game."
,Recommended,276810,31623475,Posted: 8 May,all,Stormtrooper,"This ia turn based game with great customization.I have 81 hours on record and i haven't even tried multiplayer.Short summary:You choose a species, you level up your warband in said species. The more you level up, the more different unit types you aquire. And everyone in your warband levels up and becomes stronger. Then you use your awesome warband to fight more battles. And sometimes your soldiers dies...I love this game and the devs have made a lot of big updates. This is one of the few earlier ""early acess"" games who actually now is a complete game!"
76561198129312452,Recommended,276810,15161850,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,geoffers,we need more updates for this game i have been playing it for some time now but have not seen anmy updates as of yet please help i love this game just needs some more updates.
,Not Recommended,276810,20820573,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Mayor Ausius,"A poorly executed attempt at bringing the original Mordheim game to PC. If you enjoy dumping hours into building a team, only to have 30 minutes of gameplay destroy your effort, you'll enjoy this. If you like getting your teeth pulled, it'll be a great experience. If you enjoy being roughly ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥ this is the game for you.The sad thing is there's a great game hidden somewhere in here, but the glitchy AI (that does things like speed through your overwatch and into your face without having suffered any consequences on a turn-by-turn basis) kinda ruins any hope of greatness this game may have had. I want to like this game, but I also don't want to stick my leg in an open door and smash it closed as hard as I can repeatedly."
76561198040296113,Not Recommended,276810,20135165,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kaloyanov,"Just to preface with 'gaming experience' in the 'Warhammer' setting...1. Warhammer 40k fan (Rogue Trader) - shows me age...2. Warmaster Fan - shows I enjoyed more than just the flashy Space Marine or the gritty Black Orc...Really wanted this to be something good - as in 'a successful port'.Yea...So, as a port its not bad.Pros:It's a port of the mini gameCons:Create warband.  Warband does so-so.  Warband instakilled in match against a basic opponent that just rolls them....aaaaand....not enough starting money to reliably rebuild.  And, this is only day two?If more starting money was provided to rebuild a constant battle of warbad attrition = no thanks.The balance is off plain and simple.Should you OP through the game = no.Should you have to struggle through a game = yes.Should you be bent over a barrel every single game = no.There really needs to be a flat hand versus a thumbs up and down in the rating section because a thumbs down really isn't fair - to be honest...As an IT person what the devs did was actually really cool...it's the balance that's way off; and, not in the building but in the battles.  Yes, yes, yes - the setting is supposed to be brutal but I should not be missing 85% chance hits four times in a row in matches that are right next to each other.  That should be something of a statistical outlier.Would I recommend this game - no.And, that really pains me to say that as I understand the business model and the 'need to eat'.Balance the math behind the scene a bit and get back to me.Other than that - bravo devs!"
,Recommended,276810,33884445,Posted: 29 July,all,Teiwaz,Put the knife away. We sshare.Skavens are everything I expected. So much fun.
,Recommended,276810,24726240,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Pixel,nothing like killing women as a rat
76561198039818612,Recommended,276810,18846099,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,smakus,Very atmospheric and solid game
76561198006756264,Recommended,276810,24969745,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Edgewalker,I gave a hand down to this game short after release. Much has improved since that time.
76561197978024377,Recommended,276810,27834637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,shaseki,So I thought ... blah about this game when it came out.Then I bought it - my oh my - I was wrong or the way it had been advertised was too subtle for my intellect.A must buy for any avid turned based strategy fan - who likes ironmode!There is no return save points which can be frustrating but once you get over that initial bubble it makes you think somewhat harder on your choices.ie. Don't drink and strategize with this one ;)  (trust me)
76561198074045587,Not Recommended,276810,25464070,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ejohnsartguy,Not what I expected. Good visuals. Far too restrictive. Game play is RNG.
76561197970958831,Recommended,276810,26319693,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pevs86,"Firstly - Posting a review to offset unhappy players who clearly don't research games before buying them.Secondly - This game goes from *brutally* hard (limited number of guys who can't hit sod all) to ""only a bit"" hard (more guys who can hit more often, but die nearly as easily as rookies) as you progress through the campaign.Early matches are tough,♥♥♥♥♥♥clenching afairs, and that is brilliant. The RNG isn't to everyones taste, fair enough - don't buy the game. Don't but it and then complain that the RNG is unfair, it's a RNG, IT HAS NO BIAS. You can pretty easily get the odds in your favour by clever placement of resources and thinking ahead. Mordheim, despite appearances, is more like Chess than anything else that springs to mind. Awesome chess with guns and swords and frikken undead and ratmen and CHAOS AND *hyperventilates*The game mechanics have to be learnt and then each warband has to be learnt, how to play and how to fight each enemy is a satisfying learning experience and will reward the more diligent players. On this note: Yes Skaven are awesome, no Skaven can't fight Chaos man to man, 1 on 1. This game only actually really clicked with me when I PICKED THE RIGHT WARBAND FOR MY GAMESTYLE, this is important when getting to grips with it.TL;DR - Research before you buy, RNG heavy (but fair), rewards patience over impulse"
,Not Recommended,276810,28690199,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rig,"I like tabletop Mordheim a lot. Got beast riders warband. Tabletop game has its own balance issues, but ""Mordheim: City of the Damned"" just denies any kind of balance. You can be a brilliant tactician but this game just does not care. The random alone decides who is the winner. There is no reward if you are smart, only if you are... lucky enought. Better try pitching pennies instead of this game."
76561198097364988,Recommended,276810,19640958,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,MarshmeLoL,Awesome launch trailer for an awesome game. Already have over 150 gameplay hours over 2 warbands (out of 4) and im not even close to finishing the game. Well worth the money! (bought it over steam sale on black friday)﻿
76561197963297235,Recommended,276810,34997233,Posted: 16 September,all,Graaspurv,"It has its flaws, but I enjoy it for what it is! :)Its not for the faint of heart. The game can put you in very hard situations, but with a little practice you know how to deal with it.Ironman mode only :)"
76561198000838647,Not Recommended,276810,25169563,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hagglesmith,"I wish there was a maybe recommend option.  It's your typical warhammer adapted into video game situation, other titles do what they're trying to accomplish better (in this case xcom) but Mordheim realizes it doesnt have to try as hard as the competition since the warhammer title is on the front."
76561198063156496,Recommended,276810,26214774,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,fis549,A Very good Strategy game for all Warhammer fans (:
,Recommended,276810,28081449,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aromasin,God damn this game is like crack cocaine.
76561198007897271,Recommended,276810,28083380,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Drcheef,"2 years passed, but I still return to this gem of a game.When you play it, just remember - greed will get your wariors killed."
76561198020475367,Recommended,276810,19325853,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,vortigin,well full game is now out. i am very happy with it. would have liked one more faction but the spread is good for now. not to many pvp scermishes. but the standerd game is down right solid a bit hard at times. oh and dont fall in love with the war band they will die or need to be replaced. but i say 8 1/2 out of 10 good game. hope to kill you soon.
,Not Recommended,276810,18520694,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gixer043,Can not recomend loved it for a bit hard but when i finally learn game and the ♥♥♥♥ing game cheats and can complete a mission because the ♥♥♥♥ing comp doesnt want to bring last guy down to fight and he blocks my path so i cant go up forcing me to abbadon yea ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,276810,20795328,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,gaynorvader,"PROS:Beautiful AestheticPolished GraphicsNice settingHUGE skilltreeCONS:VERY long loading times.Terrible looting system.Very shallow warband customisationSuperficial tacticsPoor TutorialsNo clear rulesNo terrain bonuses/penaltiesI've never played Mordheim the tabletop game, but I heard it was good. This isn't. All the nice looking set pieces and good voice acting can't save what is a very shallow turn based tactics game. Most TBS have some kind of tactics to them, certain troops being suited towards certain roles or certain weapons being good against some and weak against others. This game has none of that. Aside from being able to see further from higher up (I think) and being able to ambush around corners, there might as well be no terrain. Ranged characters seem like they'd be good as long as you protected them, but they only get 1 attack compared to the 2-3 a melee character gets. At first it seemed like you'd be able to set up little traps and things, but the AI is so brain dead it's better to just group your warband together and gang up on the enemy one at a time. The tutorials make a meal of explaining the simplest of concepts and indulge in large blocks of text for small amounts of information. It's never clear what characters can equip what until you try to equip it. I thought my captain would be allowed to equip a pistol for instance, nope. Why? No clue. Captains aren't capable of holding them I guess. Maybe there's a skill I can get or something, but it'd have been nice to know in advance.The real let down is the lack of diversity in the warbands, maybe it imporves later, but to begin with you get your leader (always the same one), you can hire a hero (1 of 3 choices, you only have 1 choice to start with) and 3 henchemen (2 different kinds, ranged and not ranged). Leter on you unlock more slots including an ""impressive"" (basically a big guy for any bloodbowl fans) slot, there is 1 ""impressive"" choice for each race. You can use the skills to diversify the warband a bit and make more unique characters, but then if one dies, you have to go back to genericland and pick one of the faceless drones to take his place.I was left with a pretty lame experience of Mordheim, and there are some who'll say I didn't give it a fair chance, but I want my refund, I don't want to be stuck hoping the game ""might get good eventually"". Glancing over the positive reviews makes me think you perhaps need to already love the tabletop game for this game to be worth getting."
76561198199202233,Recommended,276810,19559027,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bob,Its a good game not my kinda game and i wish i could get my 40$ back
,Recommended,276810,27925144,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vengentz,"Perma death ? That's so last year, this game has perma injuries."
76561198007712239,Recommended,276810,13919332,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Matimus91,Warhammer fan or not you will certainly adore the brilliant graphics and amazing gameplay. A great game for those willing to test their strategic minds.
76561198007906291,Not Recommended,276810,19836702,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Seren,Boring. No depth. Every quest is deathmatch where you glitch the AI or lose.
76561198072648887,Not Recommended,276810,18318995,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mogster,"At this point I've lost all interest whatsoever. I bought the early access game I believe over a year ago. and I think much more than that. I still can't do anything except play a practice round? Why? I understand funding was probably needed in order to keep development of this game going, but give me a break. Yeah, it probably could be a good game when it's done, but I feel I wasted my money getting it when I did. Like a magazine with an awesome cover, but blank pages inside."
,Recommended,276810,19633601,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mjp11,Really great turn-based Warhammer game.
76561198024091046,Recommended,276810,19434917,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Agent Orange,"High School, eh? Skipping class and catching a run down to the local game shop to kill your friends. mmm? Time has almost forgotten the late night hang outs before any cellular device pierced the rank basement atmosphere of Pizza Hut, Pepsi products, and basement. Arguments between friends are so much different than friendly arguments, aren't they?""But the rules SAY ""A brace of pistols counts as one pistol choice"", thus I can have as many braces of pistols as I can afford!"" Tyler shouted angrily.""Yes I understand that it your interpretation of the ru-"" Tom said as he was cut off with more flailing remarks.""Oh"" Tyler retorted, ""MY interpretation? MY point of view? Don't even talk to me about point of view you line of sight fudging prick!""Sigh..................................................High SchoolThese are abstract moments burned into the fabric of existence by game designers of a tabletop miniatures game that I have never, nor will ever meet. Of course it's all fun and games until someone makes a game..of...a game... never mind that! The point is this: MORDHEIM is the best game ever.2.Chess *pfffffttt3.Poker *pffffffft4.GlobalThermoNuclerWar *PFFFTTTThis wonderful adaptation of a beloved game is important to few in the grand scheme, yet this does nothing to diminish the fact that this is OUR game. Have I been in Beta since the beginning? No. Have I kick funded the monumental task of translating a complex tabletop strategy game into a digitally marketable product? No. I have had nothing to do with this game except click and give a nod of respect to the designers, testers, and programmers. Ban me flame me scorn me thoughts on a page.Bugs, complaints, UI issues, lack of multiplayer campaigns, warband imbalances, crashing issues, bugs, optimizations....... they made it. We ( and by ""we"" I mean all the people who tested this game on early access and worked on it"" need to make it better. There. I did it. $26.99 cents and a forum registration later I did it. Does this do anything to improve the quality of the new video game we love and want to love more? Time will tell.This is GoodFelix saying""On a dark and stormy night in the middle of the City of the Damned, when some wild-eyed, eight-foot-tall maniac grabs your neck, taps the back of your favorite head up against the barroom wall, and he looks you crooked in the eye and he asks you if ya paid your dues, you just stare that big sucker right back in the eye, and you remember what ol' Jack Burton always says at a time like that: ""Have ya paid your dues, Jack?"" ""Yessir, the check is in the mail."""
76561197993218874,Recommended,276810,19858001,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Thrandir,While may people have slammed this game for it being too hard; having this bug or that bug or not liking it because it doesn't have a particular warband (yet) I have to say this game is very captivating once you work out how to play it.Yes I swore heaps because my warband members were getting killed/knocked about or having hard to find items looted.  But then I remembered to actually use my brain and play tactically - result yes I still lose members every so often due to injuries or just bad luck but I am enjoying the game.The atmosphere of the game is exactly as I thought it was back i the tabletop days; eerie and dark; the models have great detail and the injuries received are well done. It makes you think tactically and woe betide you if you make a mistake in positioning or not having backup nearby.The gripes I have are lack of money and the fact that the opposition warband (single player) knows where you are.The other gripe is there are no skirmishes that I can see from my end; but I can take or leave this as the single player game is giving me all the tough loving I can handle :)Instead of blasting the Devs these people should be offering constructive feedback and if you don't like the game it's simple don't play it.The new warbands added recently have added new dimensions to your game play and you have to alter some of your tactics accordingly to cater to them.
,Recommended,276810,19878247,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kapitulation,Top notch! Lovely way to re-live long ago teenage years spent with schoolmates in mum's basement! ++
76561198042493312,Recommended,276810,19636387,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,the_just_jeff,"This game is remarkably true to the spirit of the table top game it hails from. Harsh and treacherous, you have to consider the long term repercussions of every win and every loss. Worth every penny spent and every minute played"
76561197993451085,Recommended,276810,31336415,Posted: 24 April,all,lahouari,I love almost every part of this game...Only thing against I would have isatrocious interface handling :/But all in all the game is amazing.
76561198027582161,Recommended,276810,14136957,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tattuzi,"A wonderful start to a promising game. Though it needs to be fleshed out as currently (phase 2) all the warbands are not yet introduced; looting, rankings and customization are yet to be implemented; warband balance is wanting; graphic bugs occasionally infest gameplay. All in all though I encourage any Mordheim/WH fan to jump into EA as it seems that Mordheim does not have the mass appeal of many EA games (which is not necessarily a bad thing) thus, jump the bandwagon and help support the devs in developing what promises to be a great game."
76561198031935762,Not Recommended,276810,21142242,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zeruel90,One of the most unbalanced games ive ever played
76561198079577863,Not Recommended,276810,21194979,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,MADNESSXD11,do not waste P
76561198080993759,Not Recommended,276810,15410503,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sixteen Bit Slasher,"Damn game crashes over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again. Cant even give a review of gameplay as the damn thing spins in a dryer-cycle of perpetual crashes with zero help from the developers. Awful customer service with elitist attitudes to match the endless cycle of inability to simply function in the most basic functions. Sorry devs, you really need to fix these issues and offer better customer service answers to issues that are prevalent. Might bew a fine title if the inability to play it, paired with dreadful abusive customer service would fix the issue."
76561198007041524,Recommended,276810,31658341,Posted: 9 May,all,Thaylar,"I say I recommend it because there isn't anything wrong with the game. I simply don't find satisfaction in how difficult a game is and this is simply too difficult to be enjoyable. Graphics and gameplay were all solid. Game mechanics were uh...a little too involved for me.Maybe if it were at least fair. But it's not. You hit for 26. They hit for 36. Oh...by the way, because you died, your random affect is that your stats have also been permanently lowered. Screw that, done here.I got it on a great sale and still refunded it. Why you can't change the game difficulty in some games will forever be beyond me. It simply removes one slice of the customer base that doesn't want to deal with ""this was designed to be hardcore."""
76561197971451785,Recommended,276810,19311719,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,->EPC<-^5Smoggster,"fun game, my only gripe is when game loads the computer deploys your team some times miles apart."
76561197973194755,Recommended,276810,19321263,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,BtwRant,Fire Emblem and Warhammer smashed together with the Dark Souls Scaling Diffecultiy.I have no words for how good and challanging this game is 10 out of 10! :3But load time can feel to long for some people.
76561198023107254,Recommended,276810,19685889,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Demonfang,"im going out on a limb with this, and sharing my experiance with my own skaven warband, in essence-ive been lucky as crap due to the horror stories ive heard, mostly i just get minions/henchmen with bad mental conditions or internal injuries that i can just shrug off, so far ive been getting good missions-my advice to people, dont take anything harder then normal for the frist few runs untill you get your warbands size up to snuff with good equipment and your henchmen able to carry at least 3 objects apeice, your heavier units around 4-5. This should give those warpstone runs an easy time or just looting the crap out of people.Also surround surround surround is the key, break enemy units moral and they cant attack! Unless its stinkin chaos, then they dont ever break-personal experiance. Also if you can and have grabbed secondary objectives go for the enemy cart and loot their idol and if you can their chest, you can get some good stuff somtimes from that!The game is susposed to be unforgiving due to mordheims nature as the boardgame and the fact its a gaint imperial city turned into a hell-hole of untold horrors of chaos, skaven, and undead (shame no undead faction...YET!) So those like X-com or the likes will enjoy this game, if your a casual gamer beware, as♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down the drain faster then a dice roll can when you get double 1's.The random roll dynamic fits it, sure you can have a guy with 90% chance to rip the other guy to shreds, but somtime sooner or later hes going to hit that 10% chance to miss, or the enemy dodge or parry is to great to beat. *continued*"
76561198091954775,Recommended,276810,19607678,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SoulCrafter'z,"I do recommend this game for hardcore player that doesnt fear consequence of their decision that can lead to some crucial injury on your warband member and force the player to think twice before making decision . I love the way the concept is made by being able to control your character a first person with W-A-S-D control . Also this game have a great potential for DlC hopefully wont cost so much of money crossfinger , but in general the ambiance is great . The cons in my opinion as a player of Sister of Sigmar is that the spell shouldnt have such heavy consequence if you want to go on a more defensive build ( shield - one hand - heavy armor ) but still they are fighter so i understand . The graphic could be a lil more beautiful as the face of the Sister seem a little not beautiful and the RnG get some frustration some times ..   Otherwise this game is cool ."
76561198041080089,Recommended,276810,19610733,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Daddy Warbucks,This game is unforgiving and really hard.
76561197970584387,Recommended,276810,19592533,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Brannagyn,If you like Warhammer or Turn-based strategy games you'll almsot certainly get your money's worth. There are several weak points that could be imporved upon but considering how many things could have gone wrong with this and didn't it was a pleasants urprise thats eaten up 30 hours of playtime for me already.
76561198064258854,Recommended,276810,19654074,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,cornishknight,"good game, hard as nails and yes the enemy AI could do with improvement but its still a soild title for someone who likes Warhammer fantasy, my only word of warning is make sure that your computer has the legs to run this or it is lagge and near unplayable."
76561197970268482,Recommended,276810,19661737,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Big Foot,Lots of fun. Insanely brutal. Accept death & dismemberment as your fate and find peace.
76561198010544541,Recommended,276810,19669767,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Disdained,I like it. Really large learning curve though.
76561197965485566,Recommended,276810,19649375,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,UltimaWeapon,"OMG !!! this game is amazing !!way did i not know about this game wen it come out all the good game are hiden i gess.this Game is a:   HC  game  its very hard and you get the feeling of fear and scerd becors of the HC game i love the feelng of knowing i can not loode back ther is no going back if you make a misstake you have alot of consecuenses making this game unike. (its like playing diablo 2 HC try not to die)  all your minions and hero and leeders have level up system with skills and attrebutes system + you have alot of items to put on armor, range weapons, mele weapons, and some char have spells magic, you can name your minion and you can collor them make them look cool, you can buy items and you can hire new minions.the game is a turn base game like worms but with a inatative the higer initative the faster he get his turn the 1 with higest inative get his turn first.its the best strategy game i have ever playdi give this game     10/10"
76561197966735896,Recommended,276810,19575924,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Seishisha,"Some things that happened to me in a few hours of play.Leader died on second mission, i had no money to pay the upkeep or medical bills, had to sell my wyrdstones just to get by but i also needed to fulfill a shipment request in three days. After hiring a new leader and patching up my guys i had one day remaining for delivery, took a mission crushed my enemies got the stones, somehow it all worked out and all was fine for a bit.Some time later my leader died yet again this time along with one of my henchmen and several others were wounded pretty bad, the loss hurt even more this time as both dead characters had spent skill points 200 gold down the drain.After recovering things were going pretty smoothly, i was making shipments on time doing well on missions and even picking up a few upgrades for my warband, it was looking good...Next day i do a campaign(story) mission, get horribly recked by demons and fail it, leader died again and my hero also died, my impressive unit got a leg sliced off and now can barly move around on a peg leg.Basicly playing this game is like riding a rollercoaster, sometimes you hit the high point and feel untouchable, then suddenly you get plunged into dispair and desperation.10/10 would get leader killed and units horribly maimed again."
76561198025917048,Recommended,276810,19656444,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nightstaker,"this game still need work, but so far so good"
,Recommended,276810,19702065,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Lamada,"A pretty faithful recreation of the tabletop game. I've put about 30 hours into it and while I find the warband progression more interesting then the combat, I may feel that way because the game makes me want to do the dam dice rolls myself with a proper tabletop warband on an actual table versus an actual opponent. But alas, that's not happening because people only play 40k these days, so Mordheim the Video Game serves as a solid replacement."
76561197979119479,Not Recommended,276810,28043817,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Broken Bones,"Too much punishment by sheer luck. A couple of bad ""rolls"" and your warband goes from a strategically winning and beating the other warband to injured so bad I lost all the hours put in. If you don't like forced hardcore and the ability to lose everything on luck dont buy it."
76561198027152255,Recommended,276810,17894891,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Saintlyflame,"I really enjoy the game, but it is clear this game needs a lot of work. I noticed that when Making a Rank 10 Faction (while spending 4 hours to make my units the way I want), It makes my saved data corrupt. i tried this again and dissmised it and it appeared again after i tried to play with a friend. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!"
,Recommended,276810,14436665,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Maverick84,love it
76561198007683294,Recommended,276810,19824943,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,NeonHaggis,For me this is game of the year 2015 - all my boxes were checked. Perhaps the coming Xcom will knock it down a bit but until then it is top of my playlist.
76561198063414031,Recommended,276810,19165381,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Spud,Tons of fun. Great game.
76561197971032548,Recommended,276810,13537904,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fey,This game is a Medieval version of XCOM and is something people should look into.
76561198012139309,Recommended,276810,18843087,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Uomovitruviano,"stop making crap. stop doing♥♥♥♥♥♥ You are trying to destroy this beautiful game (the real boardgame) every patch! ""Alt F4-feature"" you're almost there!!!"
,Recommended,276810,24531015,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zashen,"If you want to play a game where you miss 110% of the time with an actual 95% chance to hit, yet your opponent can hit you 100% of the time with god knows what. This is definitely the game for you!"
76561198140695998,Not Recommended,276810,28195503,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jaimsta,"43 hours, Warband destroyed due to game-ending bug. Couldn't end turn. Reloading didn't work. No character UNSTUCK or auto resolve button, had to force route, everyone got severely injured / died / purple gear stolen. The game is fantastic, but the iron-man only aspect hurts it."
,Not Recommended,276810,17962599,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Bastymuss,"First up I love Warhammer and Mordheim and I think this could well be a fantastic game and hope it will be when finally released.I was planning to wait for the full release but it was on sale so I thought I would pick it up nowbut I always wanted to see how it runs and how its coming along.Well firstly the load times are as many others have pointed out, pretty bloody long but its not the end of the worldits likely the kind of game ill play with a podcast or something in the background,and while I can certainly see how it would not be a major priority a the momentit is something I hope they are able to reduce for full releaseSimilarly it doesn't run great on my laptop, granted my lappy is no beast but when I have fairly modern RTS games running at much better frame rates than turn based games, I think something needs to be said(It's my biggest problem with XCOM a game which I love but god damn does it run like♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously why is a turn based stratedgy game running at sub 10 fps on the lowest settingsthat isn't something that needs a lil polish at the end, that is something that needs to get optimized pronto.So onto my experience playing the first tutorial, well I finished the tutorial part but you are allowed to finish the battle and kill the remaining enemies, so I set to it...for one turn and then My Rat ogre got stuck and I was forced to quit.Yeah that is a pretty big problem, game ending bug within minutes.What happened was one of my lil skaven ran up a walkway leading to a higher area and ran out of movement on the edge of the other side I then tried to run my Rat ogre up past him as he was closer I was fairly sure I could make it(It was not very easy to tell how far I was gonna be able to move, maybe there is an easier way to see that I didn't notice) so he goes up this ramp and though he is a big guy it looks like I should be able to pass by my other skavenbut alas he got stuck and floated off the floor slightly, unable to move in any directionand due to not being able to end a turn close to an ally (within their field of control)I was forced to quit.I really hope I can at some point change this to a reccomended and say that all this is fixed and the game is greatbut first I needed to do this so that these issues can be fixed, because quite honestly a game breaking in its first tutorial is embarrassing.I hope the devs see this and are able to fiz these issues as best they canI will be back, I bought to support and I am leaving this review to hopefully make this game better."
,Not Recommended,276810,30139589,Posted: 24 February,all,MSDakaRocker,"Not a bad game, played a few hours but the game is just not gripping me. Whilst every other aspect is great, the characters customisation, skill trees, XP, the thing that kills it for me is the volume of swinging to miss which just draws each game out massively. I don't mind long battles but dodge stance after dodge stance after dodge stance just seems to unecessarily drag battles out.It's definitely for the Warhammer fan, and whilst I'm a casual fan the gameplay itself just doesn't make me want to continue playing.It's good, and I know people that love it so it's a good game I'm sure but I'm just not feeling it myself."
76561197993275523,Not Recommended,276810,29877808,Posted: 12 February,all,AngryCarp,"If you liked the orginal tabletop skirmish game your probably not going to like this.   The warrior leveing system has been completly redone for reasons I can only guess at.   What could have been an amazing and faithful adaptation (See Blood Bowl) is kind of a mess.  There is very little in the way of tactics to speak of.  The AI is terrible so the game makes up for it by just giving enemies more HP.  You don't get attached to any of your characters (Like you do with bloodbowl or Xcom).  The secondary objectves are fairly pointless because the only strategy is overwhelm your enemy at one spot with sheer weight of numbers.It's cool to see Mordenheim in 3d but the graphics are nothing to write home about the character customaztion is limited.   Even the character names have strange hard coded character limits.   This game is worth 10-15 dollars tops don't pay more for it.I've also noticed people are saying that this game is hard, it isn't once you learn how to swarm which is the only tactic you need."
,Recommended,276810,25505994,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dinomancer,"lost an eye, gained the respect of my warband...10/10 would loose an eye again"
76561198119485027,Not Recommended,276810,24871321,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,R Kelly,"Very well fleshed out, but the rng makes it demoralizing when on your second conflict the Skaven come along and rout your warband with enough dexterity to suffer maybe one blow in return. I know it's a very unforgiving formula, but victories rarely feel rewarding and the defeats make me want to power off my computer and wonder why I just wasted 5 hours of my day."
76561198077615384,Recommended,276810,30124998,Posted: 23 February,all,xpolakm6,it´s ok ;)
76561197988978984,Recommended,276810,31659638,Posted: 9 May,all,Wrayden,"Quick comments (so not really a review): If you enjoy tabletop miniature gaming with a little RPG thrown in, then Mordeim will satisfy those needs on your kitchen table.  If you want all that and the kitchen sink, um, a worthy pc version, then Mordheim is reeking with atmosphere and brings the same gameplay that you would find on the tabletop.As long as you understand that the game is emulating the best aspects of tabletop gaming while taking advantage of the PC platform, then you will enjoy the hybrid type game play.  If not, then you might as well go back to Rainbow Six (nothing wrong with Rainbow Six, just saying).There is a sharp learning curve, but once you learn it, you will immersive yourself building a war band in the most difficult and competitive environments.  This game is not for the faint of heart or those players who want easy wins.  Your games will get better, because you learn to be a better player.  You learn to minimize risky tactics to maximize your long-term strategy.Mordheim – unforgiving in its game play; rewards richly in the long term."
76561198069888684,Not Recommended,276810,28190938,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PhoenixBoisnier,"The probabilities for the actions in game are extremely misleading. It would be one thing if the game were honest about it; that would be fine. However, you are mislead into progress ruining scenarios that given the proper information could have been at least somewhat avoided. But maybe that would be too fair. Additionally, I don't appreciate having to face off against DLC that I never wanted, nor enjoy. If you can accept acting on misinformation and unlikely events completely sabotaging your game, then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,276810,20219654,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,I'm still on Eastern time,"Interesting idea for gameplay.Unoptimized engine. Loading the level takes over a minute on an i7. Enemy processing of turns is likewise slow.Presentation wise, would have preferred a top-down view to better see the tactical layout. Perhaps this was found to be too dry."
,Not Recommended,276810,20284291,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Duncoup,"I have been waiting for so long uninstalling and reinstalling the game to check it out once more... It is nicely made, but the storyline is not clear to me: You progress a team only stat-wise."
76561197965707608,Not Recommended,276810,21214222,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,El Goonio,"Well, the pacing of this game is so bad that I often load up other games to play while waiting for the few minute long AI turns at the start of each map. Before you can see the other team you have to sit around waiting for them to run their turns. Who thought that was fun?It's a somewhat similar experience to the tabletop game except for the AI being braindead. Charges mindlessly with units so that the leaders get their ahead of the minions and can be easily dispatched leading to an easy win.Final straw for not recommending was the arrival of the cash in DLCs in the form of units that should have been included on release but are now being charged for.AVOID."
76561198049808050,Not Recommended,276810,21185127,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Algreg,Feels like playing against a GM with loaded dice.
,Recommended,276810,22787588,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Emoge,"Recommend, but wish they would add campaign support.  Even if it's as simple as Blood Bowl.  A large portion of why the tabletop was fun was a campaign where you play with and against friends.  No in-game way to set that up here"
76561198035269442,Not Recommended,276810,23143499,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Learned26,"The regular campaign missions have a number of small glitches/errors and can feel quite arbitrary. Said errors sometimes hamper you, sometimes the AI. It says something that for a while Sisters of Sigmar gangs caused me grief because I would have to fight their impressive warriors, whereas I normally relied on them being stuck in doors. Similarly, it helps to pretend certain other glitches are actually intentional - your best warrior spawns in a room with no exits? He obviously fell victim to a trap or similar etc etc (Incidentally, that happens quites rarely, and i'm not bitter, honest). Annoyingly, everytime an update has come out it seems to have brought at least one new glitch with it, but generally it's a pretty shiny game so i'll be quiet on that.What makes me unreasonably angry and is going to lead to me walking away for a while (I'll probably come back, I'm a sucker, but i don't guarantee it) tends to be the story missions. As a rule of thumb I don't write reviews but, while I've never felt so euphoric I've been tempted to write a positive review for Mordheim, every other story mission has made me consider throwing the computer out the window and dancing around the ashes. Why? Sometimes it's the same glitches combined with the extra difficulty and the fact that failure nets you dead and mutilated party members but no material award. Mostly it's the extra special glitches they roll out just for the story missions - key items that don't spawn, or they don't register that the character has them, or the character is killed and no-one else can pick it up. I could go on, but the item issue is the one that crops up most often. I also take issue with not being to check who is carrying what, but that would just be convenient and I can at least overcome that with pen and paper.As a final note, I will say that the glitches really are peculiarly evenhanded. In a previous storymission, tasked with setting free 2 sisters of sigmar to aid me in defeating an all powerful magic used protected from outside harm, said magic user  attempted a spell and was instant killed by a miscast about five minutes in. But just like I don't really want to beat other gangs because their impressive warrior gets confused by corners, I don't really want the occasional plot mission handed to me on a plate to counterbalance all the ones that are exercises in futility."
,Not Recommended,276810,21642454,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lanrutcon,It's pretty much No Fun Allowed: The Game.I'd like to play the game in the trailers instead. That one looks cool.
,Not Recommended,276810,21668798,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Roameo,"Pros:Faithfully replicates a lot of the Mordheim wargaming experienceCons:Faithfully replicates a lot of the Mordheim wargaming experienceJokes aside, I really wanted to like this game. I'm a big fan of Warhammer in general, so anything in that setting deserves a look in my book. This game fails to deliver on quality, tho, and I'm a bit salty that I spent cash on it at this point. I kept playing, hoping it would ""loosen up"" and get better as I learned the systems more, but that didn't happen.I played Mercenaries, so your experience may vary depending on your warband preference.Main problemThe main problem this game has is usability. Information I crave isn't provided when I desire it. For example when an enemy is in ambush stance, and I see them, why can I not see how far their ambush range extends? This is vital information for planning my approach, but the information isn't there! This problem is confounded by the fact that ambush ranges vary depending on the movement range of the unit doing the ambush, so you can't learn an approximate distance through experience either.The same applies to traps of all kinds. When I have perceived a trap to be there, why can I not see the trigger area? For a game that wants to be tactical, it makes it very hard to make tactical decisions.The game would be a lot more rewarding if it gave me enough information.Outside a certain distance from my active unit, I can't see traversal-nodes anymore (leap, jump down, etc.) This is tactically important information, but I have to awkwardly run my unit closer just to see this info. Bogs down the game with unnecessary busywork.Secondary problemAdding to the usability problems is the fact that units block a larger area around them than their model indicates. This fact interplays with the level design, which is rife with small corridors, walkways, stairs and bridges to make it a horrible experience trying to maneuver your units around.If you get an archer out on a walkway, you can't be certain you'll be able to funnel any other units past him even though it visually looks completely possible. It's extremely frustrating when your entire plan of attack is foiled by visual misinformation like that. After being hurt by this issue a few times, I started playing extremely conservatively. This bogs down the entire game, as you can't assume based on visual clues what's possible, and have to take the safe bet at every juncture.OtherThe game soaks in randomness. Sure, Mordheim the wargame does, too, but the encounter layouts that aim to provide variation are frightening because of it. When there's a large probability of my units permanently dying, it'sinfuriatingwhen one is dropped in the middle of three Sisters of Sigmar that proceed to bash him to death in unison with no recourse possible. I have no control over this. If I was given the chance to stack up my forces in a manner I wanted, I could at least take the blame for the misstep myself.The strategy/offense point system feels sub-par. Moving a huge distance and not moving at all has no bearing on how many attacks the unit gets to do. This feels awkward, and makes strategy points less valuable once engaged in melee.Please create a way to revert any movements made on a unit to the starting to position.This is unnecessarily awkward, as I have to retrace my steps to get back the strategy points used. Sometimes, moving in a certain way around corners and through doors will make it impossible to retrace my steps, too."
,Recommended,276810,22759648,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,kaverne,"Good Warhammer world feeling, nice juggling with the rules to make it more dynamic without loosing the strategic side."
76561198009484865,Not Recommended,276810,21959689,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tommaspawn,probably a game with the most potentional I have seen in anything....but it is broken with horrible load times and dice rolls that defy logic...after playing three classes and finding myself in the same situation after 4 hours per race I cannot keep up with the leveling cost and the fighting level of the A.I....if losing just one fight it becomes extemely diffcult to keep up agianst the opponent...losing your items is a real bummer as it makes your toons redundent and unable to protect yourself or create enough damage to justify continuing campains....it isn't about diffculty it is about broken machanics....here's hoping to better game in the future....
,Recommended,276810,22760390,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,iPotato,great game
76561198089433709,Recommended,276810,33918911,Posted: 30 July,all,General Lee Retarded,"It's a hard, unforgiving game but as you level your warband, and get familiar with some of the games tactics you'll find that you'll do much better"
76561198027907576,Recommended,276810,33951800,Posted: 1 August,all,Shaneska,"Very enjoyable game.  I found it has very good replay value.  While it can be frustrating at times when RNG comes calling, that only adds to the enjoyment value.  The possibility of having your warband wiped out and looted only adds to the fun!"
76561198041684059,Recommended,276810,33723019,Posted: 22 July,all,lcslickman,"Bought this game because it reminded me of the anime Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash for some reason. And i am glad i bought it. It has been really good and tense so far, since you can't quit since it counts as a loss and you can loose alot of stuff then. Its pretty difficult but thats part of the fun i feel."
76561197973295797,Recommended,276810,29430458,Posted: 22 January,all,LE poche (all fluke),"This is an unforgiving tactical game, pleasant but a bit repetitive. If you get unlucky or ask to be punish by divizing your sqad you will lose a lot of investement , trully frustrating. You can build back up yur band. Overall challenging but a good game 7/10"
76561198034609086,Recommended,276810,20443518,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Scuds Radio,"Do not be fooled by the trailer like I was, this game is way better than they let on. Watch a few lets plays on youtube. Know that there is robust RPG game here, and not some flashy lore filler, bord game adaptation.The game is VERY luck based, but you will soon learn and adapt. Also you will lose in some way, no matter what. Consider that, as the rage builds from a failed dodge roll. That is the aim of the game, how you adapt to loss, how well you recover. Even the narator asks, ""How will you die today?"" Your playstyle will depend on these decisions.Then there is the AI... just know that it's not like facing a player. They will head strait to you like they have a psychic link with you, the kind only true lovers share. This really dose break game immersion, as you play you will know that charging one character after another into the other tearm's warband is a bad idea and that is what the AI does. Some times it does catch you offgaurd, but most of the time it just forces you into a single strategy and can get dull.I havn't played multiplayer YET. When i try no matches show up so... I imagine it's like Blood Bowl. It's where you face off against an oppenent that only wants to cause long term damage to your team, ignoring the task at hand, only to cause grievence to you personnally by making your team unplayable after said match. I'm not really into that.The campain is hard, even with the derpy AI. Try to go in way above the recomended point value.All in all this game is great, watching your team grow from the good and bad. I may not have a story behind that characters missing eye, or why exactly that character is missing an arm, but uh... the next battle will be better?9/10"
76561198028679093,Recommended,276810,32790746,Posted: 25 June,all,[Team Crowbar] O'Really,Mordheim: City of the Damned more like Mordheim: City of the Damn GOD DAMN IT HOWD I MISS THAT?
76561197960480501,Recommended,276810,19160619,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Technic9,"Great game, love it :D"
,Recommended,276810,19745219,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,birdknight,"This game is a very good adaptation of the tabletop game. Probably the only critique I have on the game mechanics is the huge focus on Wyrdstone, which, while giving it a sense of difficulty, gives problems in terms of trying to play it as a simple fight. You only get that time to play it like that when you collect and send out the shipment, but it's not for that long a period. But this is definitely a great game if you're into Games Workshop's tabletop games."
,Recommended,276810,25919630,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Haven,Would like to see more added
76561197970471682,Recommended,276810,28694086,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[LoD]Soulmaster,"Great rendition of the table top game. The initial learning curve is steep and you will probably make mistakes on your first few characters, but after some research the game is a lot of fun."
76561198000449127,Recommended,276810,26329615,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,PhatPhaux,"When this was just a table top game in the early 2000's, my friends and I could not get enough of it.  This game feels and plays very much like it did then.  Think of this game as XCOM in a fantasy setting it is downright amazing. :)"
76561197973497327,Recommended,276810,26221121,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Genghis Chron,this is a fun game and I like it
76561198023159593,Recommended,276810,20150420,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Stormtyrant,"TL,DRPros]/b]Visually the world looks good.Captures the style of the classic Mordheim table top game and adds to it.The warbands carrysomeof their flavor from the original game well.Combat is simple and easy to learn early on, but can be expanded on with skills.The maps are great and intuitive. They are both easy and difficult to navigate at the same time.Unlike most Turn based games your moves aren't locked in.Room to grow. Theres plenty of source material to develop more warbands and hopefully a better story mode.ConsRNG in this game is almost too painful.The maps could be more diverse.The warbands only carry a very limited amount of their inspiration over from the table top. leading to ...The warbands are too similar.Very low amount of customization.Lack of a regular Story to play.RNGI truly do like this game so far. It has a lot to offer, to anyone who enjoys turn based strategy (TBS) games and/or Gamesworkshop. The warband all fit their flavors aestheticly. There is RPG elements mixed into the characters; It is deceptively deep if you can keep your characters alive long enough. But thats not to say this game doesnt have it's downfalls. Repetitive maps generic feeling warbands and rage-inducing RNG all scream for some serious future updates. Here I will cover some of the pros and cons I encountered along the way.P6) The most refreshing part of the TBS side of the game is the ability to move your character throughout the world and then back to explore a different avenue, before coming to the point that you want to stop. Being able to freely explore the buildings and streets is a HUGE boon. P5) There are traps and enemies along the way that can stop your exploration though. The maps are built like city streets and inner city mansions, making them easy to navigate. The catch is all the traps along the way that will stop your movement along the way. Also, many of the buildings are in ruins so you might enter one side hoping to cut through to find that the other side is blocked off. C2) After playing for awhile however, the maps start feeling too similar the buildings all the same. It's like if you were walking through a forest. ""Sure, this clearing is different than the last. But it's still really similar.""Being a longtime Gamesworkshop fan since WH40k: Chaos Gate and an avid player of the Mordheim table top game, I was really looking forward to this game. Getting into the game the aesthetics were spot-on. Dark gritty dirty broken. Exactly what longtime fans expect. The look and feel of the warbands is also on point. Where it fails is customization. You can change a few bits of clothing here and there. You can have some different colors but nothing more. That limited customization bleeds over into the gameplay of the warband themselves. Each warband plays in a very similar manner. You have x ammount of little dudes with x amount of heroes. Each warband has the same numbers. Each warband can use most of the same weapons. The flavors of the original game are there for all the warbands except skaven. Chaos guys mutate. Sisters gals are vendictive nuns with divine magic. Merc are well Mercs but they have access to the largest array of wepapons. Skaven are supposed to be an endless horde of assassin rat-men. Because the limited number of henchmen they are not endless. Skaven barely hold onto the idea of being assassins by having a few poison skills.More to come later im tired time for bed"
76561197961568458,Recommended,276810,25412489,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MR. BLONDE,I picked it up during the Steam Summer Sale and got the expansions and DLC.  It can be really daunting at first but it's an amazing game.  It's my favorite game that I have played since Dark Souls 2.  I highly recommend it for anyone who likes turn based strategy games.
76561198005720183,Recommended,276810,26220559,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,pioupiou,"This game has some glitches may be painfull but is a really enjoyable comparable to a Blood Bowl game.You may have deaths, bad injuries on star players, getting an unbalanced squad for a few run but if you manage your band to wistand you will succeed.The last patch resolves the animation lenght which was painfull and there is still a few issues thaht could make mordheim a very nice game.IMO the AI is still too weak but it's definitely a thumb up for this game."
76561197987179088,Recommended,276810,19817656,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[ATG]hellwasfull,awesome game come and play me
,Recommended,276810,20233145,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,good-omens,"I'm going to come right out and say a lot of other people have said about this game, the Balance is all off and there is not enough factions to choose from.However, so much of this can be resolved by DLC and Patches that I do not hold these complaints against the game overall.In the end you have a very good looking squad turn based strategy game, that has SO MUCH potential to truly be something great.If you are interested I suggest buying it during a Steam Sale or whenever, and give this game and company the resources and support it needs to continue improving and expanding upon this game."
76561198181155567,Recommended,276810,23617330,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Autobahn Bisquick,It's pretty good
76561198133256047,Recommended,276810,25353493,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,AVChimecho,Mordheim: City of the Damned is overall a fun game but it requires a very patient and forgiving player sometimes to enjoy it. Originally you have to build up your numbers slowly from 5 members in your warband (which I supported when first playing the game but by the time I made my 20th Warband it felt very restrictive and tedious) to a maximum of 9. The game can become rather repetetive after completing all the story missions with a Warband but before then it is varied and interesting for the most part. There are amusing visual and technical glitches which are relatively harmless (such as being unable to go down a set of normal stairs etc.) but there are also rare glitches which cause warbands at rank 10 to all suffer injuries due to a forced game shutdown (this having occured to a friend of mine's Skavens and he was not very happy to say the least). Never did I feel that one of my casualties was unavoidable and was caused rather by my poor decision making and replacing the units is not that hard in general so I feel the game is usually fair and not that difficult. Learning unit's strategies and combos is a thoroughly enjoyable part of the game that gives it some replayability. However one problem I have with the game is the number of warbands. There are originally 4 to choose from (with an additional one that can be bought as DLC to bring it to 5) and even though their styles are different I would obviously enjoy more Warbands
76561198072342147,Recommended,276810,19795513,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Johnny Ringo,"If you like Mordheim table top, youll love this port. It very well done, polished, fun, rewarding, brutal, punishing and glorious with no doubt more to come. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,276810,26216620,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Waffen,"A very solid game, although perhaps too punishing at times. Losing many hours of progress to unavoidable RNG is a bitter pill to swallow, and there really ought to be a more in-depth story mode for all the factions to go along with the action.All in all a fun and solid game, but it could be much more and here's hoping it might eventually live up to its potential."
76561197995724407,Recommended,276810,19746200,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wyoming,"Great game. A quality TBS, but not for the feint-hearted. This game does not pull any punches, if you are easily frustrated by RNG sometimes going bad on you then you should probably steer clear for your heart's sake!For everyone else though this game offers a great and intuitive combat system, built on the in-depth character customisation system, which ensures the combat gets more involved as you continue to grow your warband. All your characters have enormous potential for growth and customisation, no red shirts here.The different warbands all play very differently from each other, which unique strengths and weaknesses that need to be played to if you want to last long on harder difficulties. This makes for some some nice variety in gameplay and enhances the replayability of the game.Only two major downsides:1) The predictability of the AI, after a couple dozen hours you will be able to fairly accurately predict how the AI will react to things, and accordingly it becomes easy to manipulate and destroy them by constantly swarming them.2) The load times. This game has the worst load times of any game I've played in the last decade, no exaggeration. We're talking 5mins+ to load a level on an SSD."
76561198000010328,Recommended,276810,19858619,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BlueSkull,"if you are both a fan of oldschool gamestyles, where you actually have to beat a game and a fan of the warhammer universe, you will love this title. you get too greedy or make a bad choice at the wrong time - youll get punished and might want to start all over again. it is brutal. you might even have a bad roll and your highest character dies because a spell he tried to cast was a critical fail. for this hardcore game experience im happily taking those hilariously long loading times on mission starts."
76561198035731958,Recommended,276810,20240443,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kayiron13,"I rarely write reviews on games I play here on steam, but this game definitely deserved one.  I got into the game during the early days of playtesting.  Even though I knew that the game was far from finished, it was very difficult to play back then.  Characters would get stuck on stairsor other platforms, or else a in game bug would force you to quit.  Needless to say these all got fixed and the game is one of the best ""digital"" adaptions of a Tabletop game to date, if not the best.This doesn't mean that the game is perfect, however, knowing what it took to make the game and what went into the development and playtesting mode I will eagerly await DLC for new factions or for the opportunity to play more than two warband on a single map.I am really looking forward to seeing more in the future."
76561198069537726,Recommended,276810,19802651,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ommadon,"The game can be very frustrating at times, but it also can be very satisfying."
,Recommended,276810,26288377,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FrappeWarrior,yes
76561198178477023,Recommended,276810,19838159,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,CR2|LevradicaL,It will make you a fan of top down turned based strategy board games. I love it! Valkyria Chronciles + Dark Souls 10/10
76561198042489929,Recommended,276810,26292288,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,N0R5E,"Lets go on a brain adventure for a second.Imagine youre invited to a party, a friends party. It is promised that at this party there would be fun, friends, and a random array of other things you enjoy. Youre heckin stoked man. You call ahead, all your buddies confirm, the party is indeed what was promised. You arrive and ring the doorbell, dripping with anicipation. A friend answers the door and shows you around the house. He then abruply excuses himself and dissapears. Youre prepared to party your innocent, unwary♥♥♥♥♥off. You round the corner headed for the punch bowl and BAM. A four foot tall midget spear tackles you and starts gnawing on your kidney, clad in a leather gimp suit. The rest of his crew steps out from the shadows, obviously into BDSM, and beat the crap out of you with an assortment of handmade weapons. They then deficate on your lifeless body and continue to frolick about.This is Mordheim.13/10 would have kidney eaten by midget again."
,Recommended,276810,19741746,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Phoebus,"I am new into it, but I have played Mordheim tabletop.I am very impressed with the quality of the game.More than once I have encountered several instances of, oh I bet people will be able to exploit, wait no they have thought of that and have handled it fairly.I really enjoy and appreciate the tutorials, and if I had to nit pick I would say the last couple tutorials that you read though the explanations describing what different portions of different menus do would have been a lot easier to swallow as videos or with a voice reading it and animation highlighting the portion of the screen.If you like strategy, tactics, turn based, or the Warhammer IP buy it!"
76561197999716180,Recommended,276810,19854663,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dalamar55,awesome game!
,Recommended,276810,19839533,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Black Sam Bellamy,"So good. Nothing quite like taking a bunch of poorly-trained characters ranging from henchmen to mighty heroes and indomitable impressives, and turning them into an unstoppable band of grizzled veterans. You can grow strangely attached to some of your warriors (the ones who survive countless skirmishes), and the chance that it can all go wrong due to factors outside of your direct control (dice-rolls) keeps things suspenseful. If a warrior goes down during a fight they can either recover, die, or suffer from injuries ranging from funny quirks to complete catastrophes. The more you play the better you get at mitigating potential disaster, especially when playing against the predictable AI. After the tutorials and a few battles you tend to get the hang of it pretty quickly, so I'd say the learning curve is totally manageable. The missions are split into ""Normal, Hard, Brutal, and Deadly"" categories so you can always up the ante to even the field a little. I've played for a while already and feel like I'm still scratching the surface of character building and learning the ins-and-outs of each unit. For me, this game came out of nowhere and has been one of the best gaming surprises of the year. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,276810,19854239,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ishrokgutar,"Great Game ! Hard, Brutal, Unforgiving!"
76561198002535012,Recommended,276810,20017278,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Turambar,"I won't tell you if I recommend the game or not.I am conflicted. I love the GW universes. I would love a 40K kill-team variant.(see avatar) This game... so repetitive.The problem is there aren't many variations to the missions. They give you secondary missions, rarely are those missions' goals accomplished. Not because you are bad.. but in my case, I will KO most of the enemy before I could possibly accomplish the secondary objective.I think the problem is that often you end up either immediately in contact with the enemy or you are 1 turn out from contact.This really takes away from a ""squad strategy"" game... it quickly becomes... mass all your people against the 2 that exposed themselves. Remove any strategy, click attack.How do they improve it?-Remove the game mode where your units are directly in contact. This completely removes the opportunity to accomplish secondary objectives. It should take at least 2 turns to start melee.(maybe some units maintain stealth, can advance deploy)-I love the persistent warbands. buttttt... Guys seem to take significant injuries pretty consistently.. this will ruin an archer in one match sometimes. Losing an arm makes it easier to dodge... I like this. The injury is a hindrance and an advantage.-Gear doesn't seem to get a lot better with quality... so make it more unique. ""Epic axe has ability to inspire fear"" (just an example)-Spellcasting seems to be weak. I usually seems little reason to spec toward spells.-3 more warbands. Orks/Dwarves/Elves (dark elves)So here it is.I like the game. It is underdeveloped. I don't have confidence that it will be developed properly.(this is just prudence... only the DoW 40K games were made properly)I feel like I got $40 of value out of the game so I am not going to tell you not to buy the game. I grudgingly give it the thumbs up though."
76561198049931651,Recommended,276810,19738099,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BoredToDeath,"Not for the faint of heart. Prepare to die, lose limbs, lose eyes, rupture ear drums, and become stupid."
76561198018650637,Recommended,276810,19784630,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,johnswazey,I have really enjoyed this game. There are definately times when the going is very rough and a team member is going to die. Trying out new strategies can get the war band butchered. I like it.
76561198081207042,Recommended,276810,19729047,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bodycensus,"Very good game, ai is the only downside currently but its multiplayer anyway and ai can always be patched."
,Recommended,276810,25400851,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Johan,"Mostly reviewing this to counter all the free weekend people who didnt seem to understand the game. I also started playing during the last free weekend, and it was an easy decision to buy it after i got used to the game mechanics.At first i was annoyed by the limited inventory space, and being unable to loot everything on the map, but the game is balanced around this and if you got all the wyrdstone/loot after winning the game would be too easy and would become boring because of it. I think there is a good risk/reward system in the missions. You can go with the hardest missions and split up your guys to gather more loot of complete the optional objectives, but you risk getting someone isolated and taken out of action. Alternatively, if you only do easy missions and focus only on routing the enemy warband, you risk failing wyrdstone shipments.The only problems i have with the game now is that the AI is very basic and often gets stuck on terrain, and some of the optional objectives are pretty much impossible to complete."
76561198007859795,Not Recommended,276810,21618904,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Flix,"I made my mind up to give this a negative review pretty early in playing, but thought I'd give it a bit of an extra chance. Unfortunately, it's not really improved a great deal.I've played a lot of the Games Workshop games and I've enjoyed the vast majority of them. I liked the idea of Mordheim as something which has more of an inherent story built in as your warband develops and takes on progressively harder missions (unlike e.g. Dawn of War I which had very little natural storyline and Dawn of War II which moved away a fair bit from Warhammer 40,000). Unfortunately I felt they missed the opportunity to put in some sort of story campaign, or at least a heavier story element in to the pick your own adventure style campaign that is included.I'm not a huge fan of hardcore games (i.e. no saving and going back), but I appreciate that this is a conscious design decision by the makers. However, I feel that combining that hardcore element with a very steep learning curve decreases the chance that you'll actually keep playing long enough to hit an enjoyable point. I found myself repeatedly restarting as my warband increasingly reached the point where I couldn't do anything (e.g. everyone injured and no gold left). Perhaps it reaches a cruising point later on, but I've still never hit that and I feel like I've given it a fair crack.The warband tutorial is very dry and basically just gives you a slideshow of what all the buttons do. It doesn't give you worked examples which means you either have to remember it all, keep going back to the tutorials or just guess. They've tried to compensate for this by having guidance stuff at the beginning of every campaign you do, which gets pretty annoying if you've done it before. I think they could have combined the combat tutorials with a properly interactive warband tutorial to make a mini-campaign which would have been much more engaging.My main beef, however, with this game is the probabilities. Over my time playing it, I would say that 70-80% hit chances come off less than half the time. Perhaps I've been incredibly unlucky, but that's my experience. At best it makes the combat laborious as you wait for the whole turn cycle to go around again before you can attempt another hit. At worst, it screws you over as the opposition then piles a load of extra soldiers in to the combat and you lose all advantage that you had."
76561198007729622,Not Recommended,276810,21629156,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Matty Stardust,"I really like this game, it's addictive and is fun to play up to a point. But it is so demanding constantly, needing to earn gold to pay your warband, collect wyrdstones to send shipments and being constantly aware that one battle could be the end of your warband perminantly, even a technical win could result in a overall loss if some of your key members get poor RNG results at the end and end up loosing an arm or other injuries.While I do like the demanding nature of the campaign it makes the game something you can't really play when you're not paying full attention and it makes it feel not so much like fun to me. If they were able to introduce a way you could have duel profiles, one you could play seriously and was as it is now brutal, and one where things were more relaxed but not easy I think I would start recommending my friends to get this game rather than steer clear for now."
76561198007623421,Not Recommended,276810,19912309,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,David,"This game demands patience; not so much on the battlefield but with the loading times. On a high end machine it can take upwards of two minutes to load the battlefield.While the combat is certainly deadly for your troops, the act of combat couldn’t be more dull. Much of the time you are stuck trading hit for hit with no variety. Add to this the clumsy troop deployment and keyboard only based command system, and you have a game you should steer clear of.A real shame."
76561198027756059,Not Recommended,276810,19819505,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Flattop,Extremely Long loading time. Needs tweaking to improve the gameplay the tabletop is superior to this in every way. I just uninstalled this game. I will contemplate giving it another go after the next update.
76561198077336985,Not Recommended,276810,19809575,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,szrebiec,"Slow play, awkward interfaces. Drags on pretty quickly."
76561198004004310,Recommended,276810,16489909,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Keichimaru,"As someone who has played the actual tabletop game, and still keeps several Warbands on hand (y'know, just in case)... I can very much reccomend this game to anyone that is a fan of the tabletop version. It has it's flaws, and there are bugs, but please keep in mind that this is an Early Access game. They are barely in alpha and aren't even finished making all the warbands.  I admit that the limitations of the program now do make it something that would be hard to play often, but as more features are released to people that have already bought it, the game will get much better.There are currently four warbands to choose from (June 2015) and they are Humans, Skaven, Sisters of Sigmar, and The Cult of the Possessed. The units included are all quite faithful to the source game, and the equipment loadouts are fairly self explainatory to anyone familiar with Mordheim, and easy enough to figure out for new players. Lack of leveling system is disappointing, but that will come in future updates. When the game is more complete it will have a lot more appeal to newer players, or people unfamiliar with the source material.Gameplay is fairly easy to figure out.  Move your character, perform action, etc. Combat animations look decent, the city has some nice detail and the maps look pretty good. Fun overall to play, though definately more fun with other players than against bots. The bots are fine if you just need a quick game, but for the best experience, play with friends.  All the best multiplayer games are ones that can end friendships. lol.TL:DR VERSION:   Good game. Currently would rate 6/10, only for limitations of early access version, but well worth investment. Great game, faithful to the source material, and fun to play with friends. 10/10 would buy again.UPDATE - Full Release Patch 2 -  Having played the campaign and had a chance to genuinely enjoy the game a bit now that it has hit full release, I can say that I still do not regret my decision to purchase this game. It remains a very playable, faithful adaptation of the classic tabletop game that still gets played in my house. Looking forward to the addition of more warbands and expanded content in the times to come.10/10 would descend into the City of the Damned again."
76561197998828235,Recommended,276810,20633134,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Hobbes,A hesistant recommendation from me. It is a lot of fun and is mostly successful in translating both the mechanics and feel of the old tabletop game. However the RNG leaves me feeling so frustrated. Too many times do my 95% chances to hit work out as a miss. I know I shouldn't be taking probability personally but it just feels like extremely safe bets end up with failure due to consistent bad rolls. The percentage chances also don't square with reality - I have regularly had small percentage chances to hit large targets that were very near and in the open.The AI is also puzzling - I had a Skaven henchman run past 6 of my warband only to get the last hit on a wounded warlock at the back only to be cut down seconds later by his vengeful comrades. Skaven do not do that. Nobody rational does that - the AI was clearly programmed to prioritise him above everything else just to get the kill.The loading times are also long which doesn't really bother me but it might be frustrating for other users.It's a good game but in short frustrates me in a way the original never did.p.s. The Skaven need a nerf as of writing I have played ten games in a Skaven campaign and have won them all.
76561198019654623,Recommended,276810,28021339,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ElCoolio,A fun game for those who enjoy strategy games. Built like XCOM Ironman so your choices matter.  Also the good skills have some RNG involved that can leave you screwed.
76561198040838912,Recommended,276810,28002108,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Algorithm,This game needs more love! It is amazing!!
76561198068867420,Recommended,276810,15472709,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,dagutski,"Good Game, has potential!"
,Recommended,276810,15526241,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,schwarz001,Absolutely fantastic! brings me right back to those days huddled around a table in a back room of a games workshop. Would love to see an undead warband but apart from that no complaints. Well done!
76561198038091775,Recommended,276810,15442349,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Amor Sin,"I do a Bi-monthly checkup on all early acess games I buy.First off, Mordheim is a Warhammer game.I am obessed with Warhammer.So I usually get most Warhammer games that look good.This game is also turnbased.I hate most turnbased games.This game though is a gem among coal.Despite being in early acess (and me being a bit bias) This game is an absolute hoot to play. You get to make a warband in your own image. There are only four to choose from but I hope more are added later.Despite this I say that this game is a real pleasure to play and I can not wait for more content to be added."
76561198008840791,Recommended,276810,15491902,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Fubbit,"Lots of potential here. I never played Mordheim, but played a lot of fantasy battles/40k back in the day.I think the real fun here will be in warband management and upgrades. I might wait for some of this (and some upgrades to the AI?) before buying, but I'm not sad I already bought my ticket early.Also, ignore my played time, it was running for a couple days in the background."
,Recommended,276810,16462272,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dorimiel,"With the recent update to the graphics I can finally run this game in a way that looks great on my computer. The injury system reminds me of another Games Workshop title, Bloodbowl. If you enjoy games like XCOM and enjoy high stakes gameplay that punishes you for being too risky, this game is a must buy in its current build."
,Recommended,276810,20609053,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dennis.Baeckstrom,"Gameplay is fun, looks good, fun progression. BUT! The difficulty escalation is ridiculous, ther is no way to alter the difficulty. you go thru the campain undefeted and all of asuden you hit a brick wall that can 3-shot your warrios in one turn."
76561198046392249,Recommended,276810,25506829,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,phil77zone,Great game in a time where something new and unique is hard to find this really delivers. Real tactics and strategy with great graphics is what i like some of the best here..only minor complaint is point blank shots have such a low hit chance lol
76561198047066653,Recommended,276810,30372260,Posted: 7 March,all,lukareew,"Good game, hardcore strategic, and -CHEAT AI!- HeHe. I definetly recommend this game, hard and fun.-8/10"
76561198013343092,Recommended,276810,30327855,Posted: 4 March,all,hamiltontw1986,"This game is adictive and somewhat fun when things go right or at least half right. Being set in the realy Warhammer Fantasy world helps a lot, think GW was wrong in killing it off, but that is different. Character development is interesting and allows you to do what you want. Combat is quick and feirce. And I have to say the challenge is there.Problems are, I can't make it to warband level 5, nor really ever get a character to level 5. Difficulty is high, even when fighting an ""normal"" battle. The AI seems to always have more luck then you, particularly when you have a 95% chance to hit, and sit there missing two or more times in a row. I never seem to find any usefull blue or purple gear. I find my self nearing warband level 5 and all the enemies are on steroids, not sure if their equipment is blue/purple but they always hit, and always seem to get the drop on my guys. At this point I typically lose 2 games in a row hard, and don't have any fit warriors left to fight. I get loseing guys is part of the game, but 3 in a game is rough, twice in a row, and now you have level 0 guys fighting full upgraded level 3 and 4s, just makes things go south fast. So yea, while challenging, it is far more frustrating then pure enjoyment."
76561198072852777,Recommended,276810,30333456,Posted: 5 March,all,Solenya,It took me a while to understand it and by hour 14 I finally LEANRED! Hella hard and totally fun. Also my mutant hero lost an arm and is 100% better than when he had two :D!
76561198257920482,Recommended,276810,23303483,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Malakarz,This is a great game!
76561198011484172,Recommended,276810,21397902,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Ishimel,"7/10Good things:Based on the tabletop game of the same name and has a very tabletop vibe.  I found mordheim very challenging while strangely intreguing.  The graphics are solid and aid the grim atmosphere.  I enjoyed the Warhammer fantasy setting but that may not be for everyone.  Combat is similar to XCOM and looks simple but requires a deal of planning to fight effectively.  You will fail frequently, learn from those failures.Bad things:Lots of RNG, the game is similar to XCOM, and if you are good with the whole RNG stratagy aspect and enjoy that you won't mind.  If you hate that then you won't like it here since Mordheim cranks the RNG up to 11.  Units will die or become so damaged you will have to replace them a lot.  You will fail frequently, and it can be very frustrating with the RNG."
,Recommended,276810,21109665,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,rbbrwn1,Great game
,Recommended,276810,21123288,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Theran,"Started up, designed my custom warband. Color coordinated them, bought them what little gear I could with my measley ammount of starting money. Went in full of pride, only to be stomped on turn 2. Thought hey, this was probably a fluke. Let my team recover, went back in destroyed on turn 2.I did that for about an hour, came back ready and willing to destroy those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cpu's... I did it, I made it to turn 3, where I was immediately wrecked yet again by a group of skaven I hadn't noticed in the fight... I was losing to half of their forces the entire time. 10/10"
76561198020830694,Recommended,276810,21132765,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bob,"Yes this is a good(maybe great game), if you like warhammer this will be a game for you. Careful though, as there are still glitches and bugs that make you want to cut someone deep, wide and Continuously.Good.Graphics are not bad. Replay is decent, with some warbands. Solo play with multi play so either or you are set. Decent fun in just the warband screen lol. Change uniforms, names all the good stuffs. Game play is good. Fights are unfair to you. Fun just the same.Bad.Unforgiving, as in do not pay attention to the % they put on your screen. Insert cake is a lie line here. Bad story line. Do not do the missions unless you out rank them quite a bit. Or have hours to look for things.Good game over all, do not expect to ""win"". Do not get attached to a warband, it will die, in the face, alot. There are no real tactics in the game, think more of tabletop with a cpu. Or if you get it Big Blue vs. you. Fun, fun game."
,Recommended,276810,21191989,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tsung,"If Xcom & Warhammer were put in a blender, mixed up a bit, you would end up with Mordheim City of the Damned.The game is good; but; can come over brutally unfair. I've only played 6 hours, and already had to restart a couple times either due to failing a mission putting me in a downward spiral of debt or just not understanding the mechanics of the game (in my first play thou').There is a bewilding array of stats and options available, my advice is to just dive in and start playing. Give the tutorial missions a whirl first to get a grips of the game then go for it. As you play you will grasp the stats and what is going on, I guess one small gripe with the game is a lot of things are not explained. A glossary or some way to look up terms would help;  over a few games I realised pressing B shows Buffs, press it again will show the debuffs.Another feature I'd like to see added is a small map in the bottom right corner of the screen (UI). When starting any mission I spend a good few minutes switching between the map just to make sure I am heading in the direction I thought I was.Games can be tense, maybe feel unfair, especially if one of your warband get caught out.I done a quick video let's play video if you want to see more, I've playing as Skaven. :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5kT3cSjHKM"
76561198000664965,Recommended,276810,21576810,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,GunnyBunny32,"Pretty fun game, pretty brutal game, but also pretty darn slow at times. I've ran into maybe 2 bugs so far but would recommend to anyone into tactic-type RPGs, or the fantasy warhammer universe but you don't want to do all the physical set-up yourself.+Perma-death / Perma-injury shakes things up a bit+Money system seems relatvily well balanced-AI seems to pull money for skills out of nowhere-A lot of camping sometimes-Dice rolls seem a little stacked sometimes but could be my imagination+Giant ogre's crush all your favorite units, descend into spiral of sadness as warband slowly fades away in each following mission"
76561198079154733,Recommended,276810,20010445,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sorry Stoat,"An in-depth turn based tabletop experience. Strategy, tactics and rng all play a part in this game as well as resource management. You will be looking for loot when you are not setting up to ambush the enemy, planning how to use your funds and how best to manage your warrior stat distribution. 4 warbands each with their different strengths and weaknesses."
,Recommended,276810,21947648,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[GOTR] Haxta,"Stays absolutely faithful to the spirit of the tabletop strategy game. Total ♥♥♥♥ing brutality, two spoonfuls of ♥♥♥♥ YOU and that's just the way I like it. If your a fan of Warhammer fantasy, get it. If you have ever played the old Mordheim game, get it. If you just love games that are challenging and punishing, get it."
76561198021874160,Recommended,276810,28926408,Posted: 1 January,all,rodger_hogarth,"Definitely recommend to anyone who likes Game of Thrones. There's a cruelty, almost a gambling aspect to this game. You're going to bite your knuckle and hope dearly for your character's fortune from time to time.The core game is solid, I've read and in my experience feel that the Reiklander humans are the best to start off with, but all races have their abilities.  Realistically it's not an easy game, you've got to get to grips with it so if you like a challenge, this is something you should consider buying. It's very tactical, in the way you deploy and utilize your troops. Deployment is very important. You won't be told this again in any game tutorials so if you buy the game: deployment is very important. Think a few steps ahead.I'll be honest, I use the Game of Thrones reference not just for the high and realistic mortality rate, but for the fact that after season 1, I almost stopped watching  that show. This game had an end of season 1 feel to it for me, I almost quit. Then, something so darkly comical happened that I burst into laughter, and resolved to see it through regardless of whatever came next. Hopefully if you buy the game you feel the same way. Detachment can make this game very, VERY funny, have a look and you'll see.Overall I feel it offers a lot, both from an intensely focused, concentrated tactical aspect, and also from its grim, dark, humourous feel. Cannon Fodder was great, but it never humiliated its soldiers quite like this game!"
76561198060753158,Recommended,276810,26765614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gwenolric,"Burn the heretic, kill the mutant, purge the unclean become, during the Act II,  burn the heretic, burn the mutant, burn the unclean."
76561198008193698,Recommended,276810,28111485,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FlamingPoop007,"Badass, Fun, Differnt, Strategy, Badass,  Badass, Badass"
,Not Recommended,276810,28222800,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lykus,"I want to start this review by saying I love the Warhammer universe and I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't.  I have given it more than a fair try and it just isn't fun.  I believe there are several balance issues that need to be addressed.  More than once I leveled up a powerful warband made, high leadership, high toughness, only to lose to continually failing terror tests against the likes the undead or wonky ""All Alone Tests"" when characters were not alone.  I wouldn't mind losing a character to injuries if the fight felt fair, but 9 times out of 10 that is not the case.  Avoid this game unless you like punishment."
,Recommended,276810,28859374,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GHOST NUTS,p cool hey
76561198018541325,Recommended,276810,24933149,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yum,Tough and challening hardcore experience. Me likes!Casuals stay away though.
76561198029300088,Not Recommended,276810,23873405,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"Update:  I have asked for a refund, this game is just to frustrating and even wins feel like losses.  Sorry I really wanted to like this game.  I am hoping that Steam will allow the refund as I am over the 2 hour limit, but this game takes longer than that just to figure out how to play.  It was not that much so if they don't refund no biggie, but would rather spend my money on something else.Update: I am stilling leaning Yes after a few more scenarios, however this game is hard, very hard. My Warband got decimated in a Burtal Campaign that kept sending in reinforcements and eventually do to attrition I lost because I was missing one of the key objectives.  I had everything else could not find that last objective.  The problem with that is the high cost of medical treatment and then paying  your Warband.  Can't say I was pleased with that. But it is a stiff learning curve so after a bit of research I now know to stay away from these brutal types for a few more levels.After Stating another Warband and a better  understanding of what I am doing, I have made it a bit further then with my original group.  I will need more time with it yet to see if it is a sustainable game or will my mouse go through the computer screen in frustration.  I found myself a few times yelling expletives at the screen, no game really brings out that emotion.  So while we are in the ""yes"" I will say the metered moved towards ""no"",Early review, I think this is worthwhile at this point as I believe those who purchase this game should be aware that the learning curve just to get started is very steep.  If you are looking for a game you can just drop right in and play, stop, drop and roll on by, this is not the game you are looking for.  The tutorial system is a mess; they would benefit greatly by creating the tutorial as a chain rather than pick a topic and jump in.  This is one of those games that is not hard to play, but it is difficult to master.As for the play of the game it took a few tries to actually win the first mission without losing my entire Warband, there is no lead in to the Campaign, which gives you a few light and fluffy engagements to win. It is kill or be killed.  You learn very quickly that if you separate a member of a Warband the AI is relentless and will gang up quickly and single a member out.  But the good news is that tactic works for you as well.  You can also exploit the environment to some extent with LOS, and Height advantages.Game play is not to bad once you get over the initial OMG what the heck am I doing here.  As I stated before took me three tries before I won a match and only lost one instead of the entire band.  Losses in this game are just that, a member of your Warband dies, he is dead.  He may not die, and in one case he lost a limb, which may or may not be causation to be fired, but you still pay his healthcare.There are game guides out there, I am just looking at those know, as I think a few tries and you can start to put together some questions on the mechanics.  This genre is specific to either the Warhammer crowd, or for those who like very micro managed man to man tactical games.  Was the game worth the money, that remains to be seen, but I will be playing it again as I like this type of game, though would have liked it a whole lot more with an easy lead in to teach the game mechanics.Since there is no middle ground here at steam I picked thumbs up.  More to come…"
76561197977890437,Recommended,276810,29103110,Posted: 7 January,all,berzerkeror,"Another great game for masochists, are you a good strategist? Too Bad!  Feel the hateful touch of RNG-sus!  nearly every action has a percent chance to succeed which you can pretty much ignore because of how often a chance over 90% will still fail.  You would think the point of the game is the combat, but no.  You lose the game if you don't collect enough green junk off the map and keep your squishy losers alive to deliver the junk to your loan agent.  That's a bigger pain than it sounds like since you essentially have to gather crap before any of the enemies show up.  Once any enemies appear they make a beeline for the first of your characters they see and Jack them up.  If you want any of your team to survive you have to give up on everything but fighting and hope you nabbed enough greenies to pay off your warband loan for the week.I can't imagine using a caster enough to train one up to being good, especially considering most of the magic seems to punish you to varying severities just for using it.  How does a spell that curses the caster with random ailments in order to give a character +10% chance to hit but they also receives 10-20 damage whenever they attack sound?  Laugh or rage whenever your agile rat archer fails to climb a brick wall and busts their♥♥♥♥♥  Start off your campaign by having your mushy fresh characters get wrecked by the automatically superior forces in the first few levels.  It's pretty tricky to feel confident in your warbands' future when most of your troopers are permanently crippled or dead from the first few missions.This game can be summed up in two activities.  Desperately push your plodding troopers to loot a map for meteor boogers then engage your oponent in frustrating match of miss me dodge you while holding your lucky rabbits foot and four leaf clovers to pray for a lucky win.  This game can produce some really intense frustration when your characters suck and die through countless horrible rolls of the dice.  10/10- I must be lucky! I missed that attack with a 95% chance to hit!"
76561198015070706,Recommended,276810,29123597,Posted: 8 January,all,DEATHJABBERS,"8.5/10. This is a very good game. Many people are leaving negative comments that are based entirely on ignorance.Things you should know before buying; this game:* has a VERY PRONOUNCED KNOWLEDGE BARRIER. It may take over 20 hours of gameplay to truly understand the game's mechanics. For this reason I would suggest not putting much stock in gameplay reviews from people who have under 20 hours of gameplay time.- has a similar feel to the original Mordheim board game. It's obviously very different, but it retains its namesake's tactical and challenging appeal.- is of a similar vein to XCOM. Mordheim does have a lot more punching, and a lot less shooting.- has a luck component. It is very fair and balanced. The game does not cheat you. Others say that the game actively cheats you; they are both ignorant and incorrect. They do not have a solid understanding of the game mechanics. I have seen statements like the following: ""The game said i had a 95% chance to hit, and I missed three times in a row!"". This scenario is entirely possible. The % hit chance does not entirely reflect the target's avoidance. Literally every statement that I have seen which disparages the game's luck component originate from stances which are both ignorant and incorrect, and are similar to what I stated above.- is VERY challenging/unforgiving. Especially if you do not have a very solid grasp of the game mechanics. Almost every turn you take with each of your units has to be well planned and executed. One miss-step could mean a total loss, either of your character or the whole campaign. Also, there is NO saving. Everything is permanent and irreversible.- does NOT tell you how to play itself, and never explains anything. The tutorial is worthless. You really need to read every aspect of the character sheets to get acquainted with the layout, and then go on the forums and read up on how everything works in-game.That being said, the game is very fun and rewarding. There is no more problems with loading times. The enemy units do now go after wyrdstone. The AI enemies do play their turns out in real time and may take ~1 minute, so if you are *extremely* impatient, you might want to keep this in mind,I rated this game an 8.5/10 because, while it is very good, it has a few noticeably detracting flaws:-Occasionally buggy AI. Perhaps 1 in every 10 games, an AI unit will glitch and stand in a corner. When this happens, the entire balance of the game is destroyed. Even losing 1 unit in a 10 vs. 10 battle is crippling. When this happens, the match's enjoyment is entirely gone. This is the major detractor.-Often poor AI. The AI are not a match for the player, in terms of skill and tactics. 'Harder' missions are simply ones where the AI units have better gear, more stats, and more abilities than your units. Your tactics might change on harder difficulties, but there is absolutely no scaling in tactical difficulty.-Antiquated looking graphics. While acceptable, the graphics are sub-par when compared to games of the same generation.I would only recommend this game if you like a challenging, tactical, and rewarding experience, and you don't mind defeat. Because defeat will happen. Early and often.If you are a rabid fan of WHFB. and this game's affiliation with WHFB is your primary selling point, then get it. You'll be tickled pink. Just don't try to get too attached to your warband; as I said, they will die =P"
76561198007707387,Recommended,276810,29288498,Posted: 15 January,all,dalecki2,"It's good, my favorite of the X-COM-alikes. I played Skaven, Empire, and Undead and progressed until I had a level 10-ish warband in each. A few pros and cons:Pros:1. Races feel distinct and none feels too strong or too weak. Weapons and armor feel balanced.2. The game does a good job in making you use tactics and the environment to win over an enemy that will almost always be stronger than you are. As Empire, I had a clump of ranged that moved around and focused individual stragglers or used chokepoints while my tanks took damage. As Skaven, I was mobile enough to converge first in the missions where you start out in separate packs. As Undead, i'd have zombies distract and occupy enemies while my crypt horror and vampires focused the rest down.3. RNG is just right for me. Part of tactical games is to have a backup for your tactic; if my 85% chance to hit guy misses...what do I do? I've never had those one in a million streaks some of these other commenters have. One in a thousand? Sure. But not one in a million.Cons:1. Campaign missions aren't very good. Endless waves of reinforcements while you try to get that last objective.2. AI will get stuck on stuff. The large creatures especially will get stuck on stuff. That ends up giving a lot of variance to the difficulty.3. Many of the skills are almost never worth using.Overall pretty good and worth buying (maybe on 50% sale, those come around fairly often)."
76561198058389841,Recommended,276810,21502802,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,majufes,If you like board games based on dice throwing - you'll love it
76561198016822579,Recommended,276810,21320687,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Ser Jourphac the White Wolf,"great fun, though personally i find the loading times start to really slow down as your warband increases in size.Overall good game would buy again for friend to play against."
,Recommended,276810,28869879,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lorgar (Chris),"Yes, I'm a fan of Warhammer.Yes, I played the original tabletop Mordheim.This game is epic and I've clocked up 36hours in three days.Most of the negative reviews seem to be from people that don't understand the mechanics (which don't take that long to learn btw - you can have fun playing from the first game with little knowledge). The game does take a lot of time, but with that in mind, it's deep. In my 36 hours, I've only played 1 warband and I'm still not bored.The game could be improved with: 1) more skills from the tabletop game i.e. skill that allows skaven to wield a weapon in their tail; 2) more graphical customisation options; and 3) better spell animations (other animations are great, just not for most spells)."
76561197977520869,Recommended,276810,29129267,Posted: 8 January,all,Silverquick,"Well having played Warhammer... and its cousin Warhammer 40K in the Tabletop game mode.... you could say I was pretty prepared for how brutal this game can be.You absolutely need tactical play or it will grind you to dust. Always have a backup plan, you are playing Chess, where each piece and its move matters. And even if you do everything right... bad luck can bring you down.Yes, I admit its incredibly atmospheric, strategic, and tactical. I love this game... but yeah I can easily see how it could make you rage quit at times.BUT... yes... even when things look their bleakest... you can still win.... just when you least expected to.I recommend this to anyone who likes a challenge, and a tactical one at that."
76561198007427346,Recommended,276810,29202930,Posted: 12 January,all,Flambeau200061,"All in all, the game is fun, with a high replayability. You can quickly get attached to your warband characters and will feel woefully sorry if one of your highlevel soldiers looses an arm or a leg or gets killed on a mission. The six warband all have their distinctive features and play differently enough to use them all. Levelling options give you a great number of choices - better than XCOM2. Character customization is o.k. but  might be improved (more head or at least hat types) and a little less varied than in XCOM2.The game itself is fair enough, you can choose between ""Normal"", ""Hard"", ""Brutal"" and ""Deadly"" mission types. So far I have only attempted ""Normal"" missions, as - depending on your starting position and your opponents - even these may be challenging at times. Story missions so far are o.k. as long as you can avoid mistakes like not keeping your warband together. Beware that the game runs always in ""Ironman mode"", there is no savescumming and when your characters die or get maimed, they stay dead or crippled. Perhaps the introduction of some exit points on the maps would be a good idea. At the moment you can only ""abandon"" a mission  at the cost of injuries to all party members or end the mission by failing a party morale check - difficult if you have high leadership stats, as that means you will have to have almost all your high ranking characters out of action before party morale falls below the critical value.There could be more maps though. However the existing maps are big and as starting positions and weather conditions (day, night, fog) vary it doesn't get too boring. But two or three more maps would be nice.Hopefully the devs keep adding content to this game. It's much better than ""Darkest Dungeon"" and almost on par with XCOM2."
76561198064112021,Recommended,276810,26782293,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tienee,"Great game, you just have to appreciate that its a no save game so when someone dies, loses an arm or is just plain stupid thats it no going back. This is what mordheim is and not a way to moan that it should have saves !!!"
76561198037478202,Recommended,276810,28884146,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Uber Muscular Fluff Champion,"Jumped at the game as basically a noob at squad based tactical games like this. Either I am super luck extreme or the game is not as hard as advertised, I've only lost due to making idiotic choices. I'd recommend the game, it's a lot of fun."
76561197975971301,Recommended,276810,24837113,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,PoodlesWithGuns,"Poems of Mordheim.-Werner Von DrakLevel 7 Witch Hunter Captain.Rare Pistols of Havoc were his creed.He loaded, he trained, he killed with speed.Until one day the Cult caught him in greed.Outnumbered, outgunned, he did thus fall.Only to awake, missing an eye! But that be not all!For he was struck in the head.Megalomania the doctor said.Next time, I wish he'd simply wound up dead.-Luck and RNGGather round one and allfor I have a tale, please heed my call.Mordheim is dark, slimy and grim.Every way bears teeth, and you're chances are slimSo grip your shield tightly, and heft your mace highHope that a Magister doesn't come for your eye.But if one does, say a prayer.As Magic is sure to lurk in the air.He struck me down, my life made low.Weapons of Destruction with each blow.But keep the faith a cost he will pay.For Tzeentch, the demon, always gets his way.Power 9000 was Tzeentch's WrathThe Magister Struck dead in the middle of his warpathSaved by luck, the way made clearthe stones shined green, and I did not fearQuickly I gathered, and safely I exported.Thankful that I hadn't been thwarted."
,Recommended,276810,25431497,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,thraeq,"Only a short time playing so far, but this is the game I have been looking for.  I love it!  To be fair I really like roguelike games and am familiar with the Ironman concept.  Also like team tactical turn based games.  I can see myself playing this game a lot.  Love the way skavens look to."
76561198045317155,Recommended,276810,21355041,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,green-beret,great game ;great attention 2 details.  Multiplayer sorely handicapped due to limitation of custimization of squad>
,Recommended,276810,13677646,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Myrtheus,I was very disappointed when the first Warhammer games were RTS. Warhammer is all about Turn Base Strategies and Mordheim puts the tabletop at your control. Creating your own warband and then placing them on the map seeing an actual battle take place from their point of view one move at a time. I feel they had captured the spirit of the tabletop game and I cannot reccomend it anymore than I do. Big thumbs up from me for finally bringing turn based to Warhammer since that was what it's meant to be. Now the hardest part of the game is trying to figure out which faction I want to play.
76561198007470429,Recommended,276810,21040745,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Noble Hawk,Challenging but fun.
76561197961896675,Recommended,276810,21033922,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Stillness,This is exactly what a table top strategy game should feel like on a PC.  Plus with persistent units and a business building aspect with the warband management and this game definitely satisfies many game cravings!
76561198054605015,Recommended,276810,20958199,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Bateman,"Brilliant game, much more content please, I'm happy to pay. More maps, more terrain types, more options. There should be a dwarf gang, orcs, goblins, elves, and if they could put in a vampire or necromantic gang I would spunk myself. Also there should be spiders!"
,Recommended,276810,21040778,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,coool potato,took more fall damage than damage from enemies.
76561198005852941,Recommended,276810,27712261,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SynCaine,"Full Review here:https://syncaine.com/2016/08/08/mordheim-city-of-the-damned-review/Mordheim is one of those games where its a lot less fun in the first 2-3 hours than it will be after, so you have to prepare yourself or just not bother. There are solid tutorials, and a lot of them, but even after those the game still has a steep learning curve in terms of the rules and how things generally work, plus the added complexity/difficulty of navigating the maps with your units the first time around. You will feel lost and frustrated trying to find things, as you will assume an item is on the second floor of a building, only to discover that its actually on the third and there are no stairs up near your unit. Adding to all of this is the game only has one ‘mode’, which is that it saves everything all the time and you can’t reload/undo (think Ironman mode in XCOM).Now with all of that said, I still think you should press on if you enjoy games like XCOM or other deeper TBS titles. The basics of the game is that you have a warband (squad), and each unit has different classes, stats, abilities, and equipment. You deploy your warband on missions (most somewhat randomly generated, with some unique campaign/story missions), and during a mission they face off against another warband. Currently the game has five different warbands (the 5th, Witchhunters, are DLC), and each plays very differently."
76561198044265486,Recommended,276810,27737524,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DaS_BrOt_2MaL,"If you like Warhammer Fantasy and Turn based Battle, this is a decent pick.It has a very steep learning curve and I got frustrated a lot of times when I lost yet another warband. The game is punishing (critical injuries, outright losing your best warband member to death, etc), but also pretty rewarding. The storyMissions break up the Monotony of the usual ""collect Wyrdstone, fight enemy""-Scenarios.4 Warbands available, 2 more as DLC."
,Recommended,276810,27708429,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sloane Dog Millionaire,Yeah DLC pricing is annoying but they're a small studio and have to justify cost to keep working on the game. I'd happily pay more to play more as this is a game worth playing.
76561198108538768,Recommended,276810,25835195,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Herr Vorragend,"I quite like the game, although it does get repetitive after a while. However the mercenary campaign ist absolute crap. Most of them are either either confusing (what needs to be done??) or it is super deadly (e.g. The Allurress one). They always take ages to complete and at least for the mercanaries it gets boring pretty soon, because they're storyline is not exactly building up on each other but rather most of the time it is some super powerfull boss/demon that needs to be slain for one reason or the other. Come one guys Mordheim offers way more stories than that!!All in all I'd say ignore the campaigns and have some fun with the skirmishes."
76561198001717220,Recommended,276810,30536584,Posted: 15 March,all,blackharusaku,10/10 will delete more warbands again.
76561197964432861,Recommended,276810,27898211,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crowbarr,"The RDG may be critical at times, and it can take a long time to get a fully leveled team, but it is definately worth the money. The graphics are excellent, the audio is tremendous, the bugs are few and far between, the DLC adds unique elements to the game, it's truly a great adaptation from the board game. Played three days straight when I first got it.Excellent stuff, true fans of the game will not be dissapointed."
76561198032076133,Not Recommended,276810,24567272,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,drmorton,"The RNG makes this game unplayable for me, most frustrating game ever, maybe I just had bad luck on my first couple of battles but i failed 4 ambushes in a rown and rage quit this game for ever. if your team gets wiped out in the first 3 battles of a new campain you basicly have to give up and start again. and then i fail 80% chance to hits all game long i think it has something to do with dodge but that should be caculated for me then dont tell me i have 80 chance to hit then i fail over and over. this game  was accually good but I can't play it cause it gives me a heart attack."
76561198045413161,Recommended,276810,26675518,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TurdBird,"Awesome game. You just have to accept that very few of your first group will make it. To all the cry babies whining it's too difficult, here's an actual advice: git gud.Mind you, you have to grind a lot in the beginning (unless you're confident your lvl 1 henchmen can ♥♥♥♥♥slap a rat ogre which they can't).Only thing I mind is when I am forced to kill fellow Sigmarites."
,Recommended,276810,24276692,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Philo__,N1
,Recommended,276810,13779406,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,domino,"Alright, so after having a negitive review on this game for what feels like forever, I'm going to go ahead and recommend it. I've played it for just over 900 hours and i honestly hate it nearly as much as i love it, but ultimately it is the best at what it does and that's worth something.Yes, the RNG is cruel. Yes, the AI cheats by knowing ahead of time where your people are and which are the weakest. Even with flaws like that, it's still solid(if you can keep your rage down which is hard).Looking forward to the future of this game, hopefully we'll see lots of new content in the future**********UPDATE*********** 11/24/16I loved this game, I thought it was amazing. I worked my♥♥♥♥♥off at it and as of now I have 81 hours logged and that's just on this last content patch. So that's why it bugs me so much to have to change this review. This game is crap now, it's seriously horrible.I have so many complaints it's hard to even find a place to start.The mission design is terrible. There's next to no explanation of what you're supposed to do and ""learning"" during the mission doesn't work because there are permanent consequences to every minor mistake.the AI is buffed to an insane degree. There's little to no consistently to the mission lay out. I've played ""normal"" maps that the enemies rating was 60% higher than mine(1200/1900) and brutal maps where I'm actually above them. you have NO idea what rating the enemy will be before the mission is selected.The debilitating buffs are frustratingly permanent and the AI suffers NONE of them, which further disadvantages the player.The store is a joke, you can't buy anything worth anything there and the missions don't lend themselves to exploration, you're too concerned about trying to recover from the horrible placement the dev's decided would work for you this map(and the joke of a ""manual"" deployment system is F awful, it's like your goal is to make the game less fun to play).The magic, it's all so bad. Even the good spells are hardly worth it. There's ONE leader unit type(way to add diversity guys) and more often than not it's a caster so just expect your leader to hang out and attack infrequently.Holy F your percentages are off. I tallied up a game with my leaders attacks. On average he has about an 80% to hit at lv 6. After 5 seperate missions he hit around 43 % out of 25 attacks. That's not even remotely close. I'm not talking about the enemy ""dodging"" or ""parrying"" attacks, just normal attacks that missed. Your dodge and parry mechanic are similarly broken. The entire % based system needs an overhaul and honestly at this point I'm thinking the devs should have just stuck to the d6 system if you were going to mess it up this badly.congratulations on continuing to make bad Gamesworkshop games, it's a long history with a few success stories snuck in there every so often and I really appreciate your continuing it.***********UPDATE***********    10/20/15I really enjoy this game so far. I find there to be so few tactical RPG's like this that have anywhere near this games quality and it's only in its earliest presentation. While I'm hopeful that races like Undead are added so far this game is already amazing and I really look forward to where it ends up in its final form."
76561198006259517,Not Recommended,276810,20080314,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Atheos,"Simply not enjoyable for me.I had four of my characters surrounding one enemy, who killed them all. Simply because my characters couldn't hit it, not even a single time. The enemy seemingly having a 100% dodge chance and a 100% hit chance."
,Not Recommended,276810,21613232,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Cancerous Nugget,I run the new Razer Blade Pro and this game is so latent that it is unplayable. I have tried all the fixes for the game but it is still so latent that I cannot play it. My laptop exceeds all the minimum requirements and this game is still unplayable. 0/10 would not buy again.
76561198043308302,Recommended,276810,26711536,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Uncle Sweetshare,"I was a Mordheim tabletop enthusiast. My first 50 hours I got bored and frustrated because it wasn't ""true"" to the tabletop version and it was hard as hell. After playing a few warbands and developing a strategy, I got good, the story got good and the gameplay and replay value got great."
76561198013019861,Recommended,276810,29793215,Posted: 8 February,all,Ninjaviau,"Need more tactical minds, this is not a game for crybaby children. Time to put your grown up pants on and use your brain while accepting losses and overcoming."
76561198032109696,Recommended,276810,31752249,Posted: 14 May,all,Godsaid,"I like this game a lot.  The graphics and mechanics are top notch.  Warbands are highly customizable and the different factions each play differently enough to give it a very high replayability rating.  However...this game is probably not for those gamers of a certain temperment.  The constant challenging setbacks and the devilish RNG can frustrate the bejeezus outta you.-- Your warriors WILL get knocked out, suffer permanent injury and death, and undergo unfavorable mutations.  It will happen to your most skilled warrior or your newest rookie henchman without discretion.  If you do your best not to put your best units at risk and let the fodder get punished first, you can prevent some, but not all, of the tragedy.--  You will lose good weapons and armor when the crap hits the fan, as the enemy loots your stuff and takes it.--  You will lose battles and you will fail to deliver on missions.--  You will get caught out of position and in the open and be surrounded and isolated on maps, but you can turn these battles around with some skill and some luck.--  If you adapt and learn, you will get better at managing initiative, positioning, tactics, equipping characters, training, etc.Drawbacks are a big part of Mordheim.  It adds dark humor, constant challenge and a foreboding, ominous flavor to the game.  These are not reasons to dislike this game, but the reason you should play it."
76561198117822028,Recommended,276810,33512314,Posted: 13 July,all,camperion,"Mordheim is not for everyone. Its unforgiving, slow-paced, and grindy. There is no save-scumming, permanent death/injuries, RNG, and the chance to lose a great deal of progress with a single error. After you figure out the mechanics and rhythm of the game those things are more limitations on your progress, instead of significant impediments.Its main drawback is a result of the nature of the single save and the punishment for failure. These are good mechanics and needed for the dark setting of Mordheim, but ultimately forces you to rely on a single strategy for all standards missions. Essentially, there is no good reason to ever take risks or seek out you enemy--it ALWAYS makes more sense to pick a good defensive spot near spawn (making sure to always pick missions with a tight deployment) and wait for the AI to trickle its fighters into your ambush. While the potential for RNG can still get your warriors killed if you are careless, this strategy essentially decides all your standard missions. Thus instead of a highly strategic game, it often feels like a tedious game of waiting for the AI to rush to its death. The story missions are different, and show a glimmer of how difficult this game could be if you were forced to fight the AI in a more aggressive fashion.All that said, this game is weirdly fun to play. All the factions share similar mechanics but play significantly different. The customization isn't great or expansive, but enough to feel attached to your warriors who have the potential to acquire grizzly injuries. Progressing your warband is an achievement mostly of the player's patience, but rewarding all the same.Overall I think its a great game to pick up when it goes on sale (which it does with regularity)."
76561198031445044,Recommended,276810,20166014,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,villageidiot627,"I burn a lot of money on tactics games.  This is hands-down the best one I have ever played.  F*** the naysayers, the mordheim rng is a beautiful thing.  Playing a warband tells a story of struggle and triumph that feels real.  I love all my characters.  Amazing.  Simply amazing game."
,Recommended,276810,20267193,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Vapier,"Purchased this during sale and havent stopped playing, was hesatent with the bad reviews.  But glad i got the game.  The gripes I saw were not enough factions, i'm sure it took alot just to do the current factions more in expansions maybe.  The perma death, wounds, and skill checks - heard alot of gripes on these, IT MAKES the Game to me.  You want to hit every time go play an RTS, a percentage is a percentage, yeah you can even miss on a 99% chance it's not rocket science.  I for one like the percentage ratios, Yeah it sucks for your favorite character getting a bad wound, but that's the breaks, protect it more, don't be a kamikaze.  I like the game for those reasons, it really gets my heart pumping when my favs are in a tough spot, im on the edge of my seat and if they die, then I just have to groom another character into my favorite.  So for me all the negatives other people seem to no like,  are extreme positives to me, it's what makes the game in my opinion.  I hope they make lots of Expansions for this game because i intend to play and play and do every warband faction, so it will be a while haha!!  MY only gripe is I have lots of people I can upgrade but can't because of money, maybe i'm doing something wrong, but i play lots of missions but somehow am always broke, maybe I need to open more chests, i used to not untill i started finding gold in them, now i try to get them.  So will see if my poverty stays.  BUT for anyone who loves Turn Based Tactics like I do and doesn't like a boring walk in the park,  THEN like me this Game is a Must have.  Wussies need not apply though haha, because it is not easy. it is a genuine Challenge..."
76561198274529023,Recommended,276810,20363215,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,tb112087,"Great game, still has room to grow, mouse and keyboard controls feel a bit awkward at times. I personally wanna see it on consoles"
76561197999423205,Recommended,276810,31990550,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,"Kind of fun, not entirely sure that I would install again. I'll recommend for people who enjoy playing tabletop warhammer or are a fan of the series."
76561197998455554,Recommended,276810,33776131,Posted: 24 July,all,Oldmanfang,While I like this game it has some serious flaws. I am a GW fan so I am not neutral on this. Its great to build get xps and some of the fights have awesome moments. But.... We have to address the miss rate. its insanely common to miss at 80% or maybe get a better number system. I think its %-% of dodge. Honestly not sure but its really agrivation to have 5 misses in a row on a 80%+ hit rate. Some of the skills are useless and need to be trimmed. Hother wise its fun.
76561198030892360,Recommended,276810,20131896,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mytko,It is my childhood dream. Superb.
,Recommended,276810,20149242,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Strangelove,"it's cool, wish there were more units tho"
,Recommended,276810,20161088,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,tinserajantix,"First I'll state that I DO recommend this game if you like tactical games, however I'd like to point out that when you first start the game its extreamly hard due to how bad off the very first team will start, but the game is designed be like this as I'll explain.You start off with nothing, and the first few fights will likely see most of the starting warband (squad) wounded or dead, however all is not lost. As you complete fights win/lose, you gain Veteran points that improve the next warband for the next play through. I'll not say anymore in fear of spoiling the entire system set in place, but the game gets better the longer you play.If you are a person who resets a game at the first defeat or are always reloading from saves, than this game will frustrate you because there is no going back once a fight has started and no checkpoints to restore from. You have to learn to roll with the damage and carry on. After 24+ hours spent in straight fights I'm really loving the game and I'm still only on my first warband. Love the game, only downside I've really seen is the enmey AI will most the time simply shoot to kill and ignore any other objective."
76561198141692649,Recommended,276810,33713292,Posted: 21 July,all,mannikin.zero,"challenging game, high replay value. the RNG *does* seem a little skewed during to-hit rolls in hand to hand combat. while that can be frustrating, it's not a deal-breaker, at least for me."
76561198155979412,Recommended,276810,25185413,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Darriot,"Warhammer! Table top game-thing that spawned-created several variants, novels, boardgames and videogames. Mordheim is one of those videogame spawn-things.Kill-kill all the man-things for precious wyrdstone. Murderlord not happy when trusted-faithful warband fails to bring-send wyrdstone.Play-slay Mordheim: City of the Damned to stab-kill man-things so trusted-faithful warband collect-gather wyrdstone to bring-send to Murderlord. Warband Leader happy-smile when other man-things play-pretend to be skaven and honor Murderlord with his-her sacrifices. Don't play-pretend to be other warbands. They're not as skillful-fun as Skaven.This warband Leader promises to tell-praise Murderlord of other pretend-play faithful-trusted skaven warbands! He will be much-much happy!"
76561198011404102,Recommended,276810,33035833,Posted: 30 June,all,cisticola,"I've been hooked by this game for the last week or so - successful battles are really addictive.  But boy do you get punished for defeats and that's probably fair enough.  Missions on hard can be flat out impossible because of very uneven opposition placement and/or behaviour.  Movement within buildings is especially tedious.  It can be really difficult collecting goodies or wyrdstone because you're either too busy concentrating on surviving enemy attack or you've won and the enemy rout and your booted back to camp before you can clean up.  I sort of understand the reason why the odds for a successful hit (with a ranged weapon) are much lower when t!he target is in melee but gawd its so counter intuitive - when they're right in front of you!Maybe a better balance would be that archers/snipers etc should be able to hit targets that are in melee if they're close but if (the archers) get caught by an axe wielder then its ""goodnight nurse""?Anyway I'm recommending it because there is potential here, and its very cheap at the moment."
76561198260013620,Recommended,276810,33443345,Posted: 10 July,all,OneButNinja,"One of the best games I played this year , the main problem is the rng system at the first levels. you have so low possibilities to dodge , parry or even to hit the enemy that the game becomes total random killing every strategy if you re unlucky forcing you to restart the game many times until you are lucky one time and the rng dont destroy you in the first levels.. After the first levels you are more able to dodge , parry and attack the enemies so you can make your strategies and play the game.. Im surely happy to have this game in my pc , im surely not happy to restart the game until i got a normal warband because of the rng system :)"
,Recommended,276810,34853636,Posted: 9 September,all,AsianPersuasion,"Warhammer meets XCOM. Every decision is permanent (no option for a non-Ironman campaign) and almost every action is performed through glorious, glorious skill-adjusted dice rolls. Expect to sometimes fail and retreat from fights with whatever loot you can carry early on."
76561198012833532,Recommended,276810,32996782,Posted: 29 June,all,Awesomo 2000,"Looked impossible at first, because each one of one my warbands got obliterated, then I discovered mighty skaven tactic composed of surroinding single enemy and bash their skulls. Yes yes, mighty skaven smash-kill filthy human-things. Looks like it might get repetitive soon, but I will have to sink many more hours into this game. And I will, simply because I want to play more skaven!"
76561198063621580,Recommended,276810,33801508,Posted: 25 July,all,Unalek,Kinda slowish but that's not really a problem in my book. Build your warband and face off against other warbands of similar strength (multi or singleplayer). Probably one of my favorite games out there.
76561198096684749,Recommended,276810,31757411,Posted: 14 May,all,☠ S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Whisky Wolf,this game will make u beg for a shity axe so u can sell it for a coin
76561198028623799,Recommended,276810,33053781,Posted: 30 June,all,R8.50 Mango,"Properly solid turn based strategy RPG. Little bit light on the character customisation, but it's scratching an itch I've had for a long time.It's brutally hard, though, but the veteran system makes it worth it when you lose a warband. Every new band you make starts out just a little bit stronger than your last one, and that makes a big difference. I just wish the bloody enemy would stop looting my downed dudes.There are problems though, most notably the RNG. I've played hundreds of hours of the original XCOM, so I can definitely deal with missing 95% hit chances, but the slow rounds and overall small number of actual actions your guys take means every miss is really frustrating. If your hit chance is not 80%+, you are probably going to miss, as dumb as that sounds, and when you've got 4 dudes surrounding a Witch Hunter, just missing every hit for 3 rounds while he keeps passing his All Alone checks and nailing your poor henchmen for 40 damage a turn it gets a little unfun."
,Recommended,276810,33208612,Posted: 3 July,all,DancingGavin,"Mordheim: City of the Damned is a tactical, turn-based, party game based in the Warhammer universe. The core game is based around sending out your warband to explore the ruins of Mordheim to gather the lucrative resource, wyrdstone. Each warband is made up of the different factions (Skaven, Empire Mercenaries, Sisters of Sigmar, and the Cult of the Possessed; Witch Hunters and Undead are paid DLC) and have an array of different units to use. The units have their own set of perks, weapons and armor they can use, and skills. Building a solid team to succeed is paramount to your warband’s survival. Failure can lead to temporary and permanent injuries that are costly to fix and can have lasting negative effects for the injured unit. The game allows a good deal of customization in the makeup of your warband so you can easily design a team to fit your playstyle.Combat and actions are all based on your typical dice rolling chance system to determine success or failure. Each unit has so many actions it can do each turn from strategy or offense points. What actions each unit can do is of course based on things like what weapons and abilities they have. When two units start fighting they are locked into combat and can’t move unless they sacrifice strategy and offense points to flee or disengage. This allows you or your enemy to easily move in more units to quickly overcome the other. Complicating the situation though is that each unit has a circle of engagement that stops movement through the area, so one enemy can block a doorway or an alley. This flows into allowing players to set up kill zones where for example one melee unit is holding down an alley while his archer buddies are above raining down death.There are secondary objectives to each mission but the overall goal is rout the enemy team either by killing them all or enough of them that they fail a morale check. While trying to overcome your enemies though, there’s wyrdstone to be gathered around the map. Wyrdstone is the lifeblood of your warband and you have to walk a fine line between gathering it and keeping your units alive in combat. The wyrdstone itself is volatile though and every time a unit picks some up there is a chance they can receive a buff or debuff. The end result is a hectic battleground filled with hard choices. Many times I’ve had an unfortunate unit get caught out in the open and have to decide whether they are worth saving or not. Overall it can make things stressful but its extremely rewarding gameplay when a well thought out plan works or you overcome a difficult situation. Outside of missions there are wyrdstone shipments that your faction will demand from you to deliver within a set amount of time. The rewards for fulfilling them are gold and reputation that eventually will unlock perks. There are other factions that have shipment requests, but they are just requests and not required. They also have their own reputation and perks though so you have to decide who to supply wisely. If you fail the required shipment, their next demand will be bigger and you’ll have less time to fulfill it. After four failures its game over. At the same time, you have to pay your soldiers and pay for their injuries. Injured soldiers can eventually succumb to their wounds and unpaid soldiers will leave resulting in your warband being disbanded, or in other words, game over.Each faction has story missions to complete on the campaign map that’s unique to them. There’s also randomly generated secondary missions you can do to your heart’s content. Story missions can get really frustrating with vague mission details and worst of all, infinite enemy reinforcements. When the whole game is based around your decisions having lasting impacts and possibly end the game for that warband, poor design on story missions can quickly kill the fun. In the end, I had a lot more fun with side missions and started to avoid story missions.There’s also 1v1 multiplayer matches called Skirmishes. Skirmishes come in two types, exhibition and contest. Exhibition is a purely for fun match using one of your single player warbands. There’s no rewards or punishments for the outcome of the match. Contest skirmishes act just like a single player mission in that you have to not only pay the upkeep of your units but they can become injured. You keep the fruits of your labor too though making it a highly competitive match. Only problem is that there is never anyone with a match setup and good luck getting someone to join yours. The matches are only 1v1 too so unless you and a friend enjoy killing each other’s warbands, multiplayer is nonexistent.My Two CentsAfter weighing everything else in, there’s an immense amount of replay value in the game, but sadly only in single player. With each warband having different units and you being able to craft each unit to how you want, it keeps each playthrough varied and fun. There’s also a veteran system that you earn points for the more you play the game. This allows you to have an easier time right off the bat when starting a new warband and gives you something to look forward to. The game gave me exactly what I expected from it, but it doesn’t strike me as a game most people would sit and relax with. It’s a hectic fight for your warband’s life and some of these fights can take quite a while to complete. If you have the time to sit down and think things through, Mordheim fits the bill nicely. For a game that started in early access and delivered on its promises with a plethora of gameplay features, I think Mordheim is worth its $39.99 price tag and your playtime (once again, not a sit-down and play a few minutes kind of game)."
76561198004369747,Recommended,276810,33392440,Posted: 8 July,all,Lo Wang,"If you love Xcom, old or new, you'll probably love this game.  They are very similar, although Mordheim has a focus more on leveling, RPG stats, and melee combat.  It's still not going to replace the glorious original Xcom, but it's different enough in flavor that I can happily enjoy both.In terms of value, this game contains hundreds of hours in it.  There are 4 stock campaigns, each one taking hundreds of hours to complete (not joking).  You'll be battling a lot before you reach the end of a campaign.  It's definitely a battle oriented game, but Xcom was the same way, so you're probably already expecting that.  However, if you are the more rushy kind of person, once you reach higher level on a certain warband, you can start any other campaign 'mid-game' already pre-leveled.  You don't get the advantages of money, but you do start in the thick of it.  Finally, the game is very replayable, just like Xcom.  You can play again and use your new-found knowledge to attempt to make an even more optimized and better playthrough than the last.  There is also an overarching level called 'veteran level' that gives you benefits as you increase it.  These apply to any new campaigns you start."
76561198045409436,Recommended,276810,33444310,Posted: 10 July,all,VoiceGS,"Hey.So I bought this game during the sale. Got everything for 20 quid which was nice. But, that ain't the point of this review.So I have just completed the Witch Hunter campaign and man was it good. I love games that get you to improve your soldiers etc. Be it gearing them up or leveling them and learning new skills. You also gain points for completing missions that allow you to level up your veteran. But, this is for all your Warbands not just the one your playing which is real good.If you like stategy games like Xcom then you may like this. Each Warband plays differently. You can go the Sisters of Sigmar and go slow and steady. Or as the Skaven and you will be able to fly all over the place and get to places before your enemy. (Playing Skaven now.)The learning curve is steep. It took me a full week to get into the game and focus on my first campaign as the Witch Hunter's. But, once you get the hang of it and learn the enemy weaknesses you will then be able to use those weaknesses to your benefit.I enjoy the graphics in the game. It's very moody and sombre. If you like the fantasy Warhammer then you will like this game.Voice"
,Recommended,276810,33477518,Posted: 12 July,all,Hehe.,"At the beginning it's like being r(a)ped in the a(s)s, but then after a moment you realize it's so good you don't want it to stop f(u)cking your a(s)s.Personal Rating:- Graphics (9/10) (seriously, if you're curious about this game because the screenshoots catched your attention, your curiousity is on point)- Gameplay (9/10) (very unique, I can't find any other word to describe the gameplay)- Story and Narrative (8/10)"
,Recommended,276810,33715915,Posted: 22 July,all,Rykof,Love the warhammer fantasy universe and I can already tell that this game is going to scratch a much needed itch!
76561198073376020,Recommended,276810,34422443,Posted: 22 August,all,GrayEyes,Good game. Sadly no support for league or a league system (Blood Bowl 2 for instance has custom and a 'standard' league you can join teams to).Hopefully their upcoming Necromunda game will rectify this.
,Recommended,276810,34428339,Posted: 22 August,all,Kazzumma,"As someone who owned the original physical version way back, i can very happily say this game covers everything from the original, and then some.The gameplay is smooth, movement is great (even with controller), customisation of characters is just enough not to become distracting or too hard, roll based combat is spot on (and equally frustrating as rolling real dice at times), the wounds/injuries and skills lists are just as i remember and effect how you play a team, options for customising multiplayer games is great.Only one thing could make this game more awesome than it already is; a MP campaign setup.Overall replayability is huge, i definitely reccomend working your way throught he different warbands and get the DLC!"
,Recommended,276810,32645742,Posted: 22 June,all,nutGen-shi the traitor,Great game.  I played the miniature game a lot when it came out and have missed it since moving away from my FLGS and not having people to play it with.  This game is very much like the mini game in that you get punished for being too bold but rewarded appropriatley for those same risks should you succeed.  As to killing off my best folks yea it happens.  Usually my leader bites it.  Get him to level 9 or 10 and then ♥♥♥♥ he is dead and need to groom a new leader.  Very true to the original.  Love it that it is that way.  Yes positioning is key.  Just like the mini game was/is.Can't wait until Necromunda comes out and I can play my redemptionists again.
76561198056320560,Recommended,276810,33155056,Posted: 2 July,all,Axammar,"Fun, challenging and engaging."
,Not Recommended,276810,28021242,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MaverickZero,The only game where 6% is ALWAYS greater than 94%. And of course a cheating A.I. opponents.Frustration simulator. Avoid if you want to keep your sanity. Enjoyment value is near zero for the majority of the grindy campaign.I'd recommend [Vermintide] instead if you want a decent Warhammer game.
76561198057544966,Recommended,276810,20890392,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,nambaza,I hope others out there can find there way past the myriad reviews complaining about RNG to find what there is underneath - an atmospheric tactical RPG with simple yet surprisingly thought-provoking mechanics fleshed out with strong skill progression and item enhancement systems.
76561198032846098,Recommended,276810,23968444,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sikker,"Great game countless variations, simply love it !"
76561197984222951,Not Recommended,276810,28128896,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tichonov,"To hard and no real single player campaign, very random sometimes you can get killed first turn before you can react.If you dont like multi player dont buy it."
76561197983969869,Recommended,276810,26921360,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Malagate,"I've played this far too much, and I've not even touched half of the warbands available.Challenging, very enjoyable when you pull off a win by the skin of your teeth.Would recommend if you've got time to burn, like strategy and would prefer to persevere when you lose rather than reload (no quicksave here, you mess up you've just gotta live with it!)."
76561197997738220,Recommended,276810,35238508,Posted: 27 September,all,Maystro,"When I first got this game, it had just been released from Beta. I gave it a few months, but the game remained terribly optimised, almost impossible to play, so I left it. Almost a year on, it has improved substantially. The game runs faster and smoother, and a lot of the glitches appear to have been worked out. While there is still some ways to go, it is very much a strong RPG game."
76561198092017880,Recommended,276810,27851757,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Caloqfer  WARHAMMER,A good game that well represents the warhammer universe and the history of Mordheim.
76561198005158080,Recommended,276810,27887298,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SerXes,One game i really love. Can be quite brutal and doesn´t hold your hand. Nice setting and interesting strategy!
,Recommended,276810,27794414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Javesh,A must have for Warhammer fans!
,Recommended,276810,20052824,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RageSteel,"Hey all,Thinking about getting the game?  I do have a very nice rig BTW:Pros:1. it's beautiful2. It's mordheim3. fun roaming the city4. cool to customize a warband.5. Lots of patches - this is good as the devs are working on it6. I'm having a lot of funCons1. Weird camera angle issues (at times)2. Long loading times (this is just too annoying in my book)3. Playing with a controller is a must - keyboard is too anoying4. fighting can feel stale5. some strange UI decisions that seem overly complicated6. can easily get lost in the game (sense of direction)7. some of the percentages of success/failure seem offIf you love warhammer fantasy and turn based games this game is fine though not spectacluar. It's slower paced and definitly not in the same category as vermintide (which is mordheim on steriods).At this point I'd say 39.99 is too much. 24.99 and below would be about right for what the game offers.Is this a must have - definitly not. But there's some fun in it."
76561198076263620,Recommended,276810,35136644,Posted: 22 September,all,LadyGaGarret,"Quite beautiful and kind of exciting.I loved the ""management"" part and the great possibilities offered by the different team.It could be a good game. In fact, the problem relies heavily on the RNG. The RNG is actually not reliable. The % the game gives you is just way higher than it actually is (and I know maths).Just an example, you miss a lot more than you're supposed to (and I'm talking about MISS, not dodge or parry, i can read the difference between miss/dodge). It's not gambler's fallacy, I've studied math and I can count : I usually hit around 45%-50% of my attacks when the game always tells me more than 75%.Good with discount. Sad without."
,Recommended,276810,27364120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,❋Guildam❋,♥♥♥♥ING RNG WILL ♥♥♥♥ING GRAB THAT STRING OF YOURS YOU CALL UR♥♥♥♥♥♥TIE YOUR FORESKIN TO A WARP STONE AND LET A SKAVEN PULL IT UNTIL IT GIVES YOU A BOTCHED CIRCUMCISION! EXPECT NOTHING BUT PAIN AND CRYING AS ALL YOUR SOLDIERS BECOME BLIND USELESS ONE ARM MENTALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!10/10 - Chaos approved
76561198003694300,Recommended,276810,14314636,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mick,I played this game once and think it definitely needsmmore work done on it!
,Recommended,276810,26253479,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mr. Debbie,"The RNG is brutal. Some VERY questionable rolls. That is my BIGGEST complaint. If you've ever played Darkest Dungeon, or Final Fantasy Tactics,  you'll get what I mean.Crashed to the desktop once in ten hours. Running a Q6600, and Radeon HD6790. If you're having problems, you've visited too many niche porn sites.Watch gameplay videos if you want a sample of the combat system.If you like crunching numbers, and are willing to slog past some nasty rolls, this is your game.All others, beware. Not for those who have attention spans less than 5 minutes."
76561198030941698,Recommended,276810,26363536,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,LDiCesare,"Great game of tactical combat. Every mistake costs you a lot but that's part of the fun. There are consequences to wounds, and you actually care for your characters as a result.The factions are varied, gameplay different whether you play melee-only sisters, fast skavens or balanced mercenaries.I'm usually not a fan of DLCs, but these bring a lot, plus you can play against the new factions even without paying anything."
76561198047899520,Recommended,276810,26365987,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,kiltwearer3,"This Game I will say with the same Cavet as I do with Darkest Dungeon and Dark Souls: Not For Everyone. This is the closet A video Game Has come in my opinion to bringing back Nostalgic Table Topping (In Short: Kinda Long, Stessful at times, but I love it for the chance to model my units and stergize). Here are some pros and cons for a better understandPros:The game is beautifful. That Table top metaphor really comes into play here and gives an atomsphere that Few Games can barely dream of having.A Staff constantly working on updating and making this game better who listion to thier community.An indepth RPG mechanic as  you watch your level 1's grow to level' 10'sA♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stats for you stat nerds (if your really into writing down ability's....this has it written all over you).ConsThis game is brutal. If you make a mistake, It will curbstomp you. If you don't play well, you can and will get curbstomped painfully. (MORE on this at the end)Lack of speed up tools when facing AI (some matches take well over an hour or 2)Mutiplayer communitiy has subscribed to the ""get good"" idealogy of gameplay.RNG is Rigged against you when facing AIBrutalityOkay, This game is hard and will punish you. I like that a bit cause it makes it more tense, more dangerous, rougher. You don't get a lot of in game money and when you lose a level 10 character, it can be a ♥♥♥♥♥ to replace him/ her. Hell,  about a few hours ago did i get any real power in buying skills (94 hours in so, yeah).Final NotesI'd play this game with a friend who loves this or loves warhammer lore. It is fun and has that ""one more match"" logic going through it's veins as I have my warriors fight in the bloodly streets and sewers of this city. I'd reccomend watching other people play it and go in this game with a mindset that you will lose and have bad games. However, I'm having a blast and glad I spent my money on it"
76561198008349480,Recommended,276810,26366140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,God,"Took a while to get into it after getting frustated at the RNG wiping entire warbands early on but if you stuggle past that then it starts to get alot better. I went with the sisters and am a few quest missions into the game and realy enjoying it now. I wouldn't mind them perhaps making it a little easier however to gather the warpstone and gold, maybe you get a set amount per enemy killed. I can still barely cover my wages..."
76561198060005647,Recommended,276810,26228068,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Deadclown,Been a long wait from the days of well beta but well worth the wait.
76561198022362493,Not Recommended,276810,19311018,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Admiral Allah Ackbar,"When it comes to luck and ""Why the ♥♥♥♥ did that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happen?"" moments of every game I have played this is by far the worst. The prime sprinkle on a massive turd. The percentages seem to mean jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless even more percentages are hidden, Waiting for the enemy team to automate is the slowest thing ever, Deployment is garbage as you have to cycle individually through about 18 different deployment spots depending on the mission, Camera is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ Conveying what buffs and debuffs do is very obscured and so onNot all doom and gloom, You can play Skaven which is nice, Warhammer is pretty cool, The setting and backstory is interesting and the dialogue is fleshed out and voice acted, Some little details are a nice touch like the eyes littered around the map following your character as you move.All in all the game would be infinitely better with a top down camera with faster animations and percentages that actually reflect the reality. But the likelyhood of that happening is about as likely an 80% chance is to hit"
76561198002795540,Not Recommended,276810,22408459,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,emil_rud,"I like the game a lot is has big potential. But I cannot recommend this game until the developers gets up a working multiplayer lobby, with matchmaking. IT is a mp game. But it is impossible to play mp.Also the dev's need to bring in more factions instead of just bringing a few DLC heroes.For now keep an eye on the forum. Don't waste your money. Because it gets boring quickly when you only can fight against the dum AI."
76561198006920878,Not Recommended,276810,32171548,Posted: 4 June,all,Glyndwr,"This game has so much potential but falls short due to the difficulty, don't get me wrong, I love difficult game like dark souls, XCOM ect. But M:COTD kills off all your customized characters that you've trying to level up to keep up with the game's pace and leaves you with nothing fighting a losing battle.If this game could be modded it would be a different story but it can't due to the mian game being connected to online multiplayer."
,Recommended,276810,32396176,Posted: 13 June,all,Invader Zim!,"IF YOU ARE COMPLAINING OF DIFFICULTY, I HAVE ONE THING TO SAY:GIT GUD.For the love of god this games reviews are plummiting because of all these downvotes from obvious COD players who have no value in special tactics and patience. This game is wonderfully unique with an accurate depiction of the universe and lore. The turn based mechanics are also the first I've seen of its kind and I love them, not just point and click, you get to feel your character moving (w,a,s,d) and attacking your foes. Graphics are also beautiful despite not being top-ultra-realism. Maps are expansive, dynamic and have mutltiple levels to them that I say put XCOM 2 too shame in some aspects. There is many factions and classes all with VERY unique play styles from the other with proper customization for gear to bring to the battlefield.It is hella punishing and suitable for only the TOP PC GODS out there (Yes that is a challenge to you fellow gods). No console peaseant will survive this battlefield.P.S: Don't bother commenting on my steam time played, 100s of hours outside of the platform.P.P.S: If you liked them game please review it with a thumbs up!! Don't silently sit by and watch them reach ""Mostly Negative"". I was inspired to write this review because I love this game and was shocked to see ""Mixed"" reviews."
76561198004274216,Not Recommended,276810,21987747,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Rat Bastard,"Well, I went back and tried the game again to see if anything had been fixed.  It's still the same.  Unplayable.There is a lot to like about this game:  atmosphere and graphics being the best selling points.Unfortunately, there is an awful lot to dislike about this game:1) the RNG is a joke.  The 2nd time I quit it was after 16 consecutive to hit rolls of over 90.  That's 16 in a row, people.  One of the biggest mstakes the dev team made was putting the actual die results on the screen. It simply allowed me to see EXACTLY how awful the RNG truly is.   Over the course of 5 games I tracked every die result for each type of action.  I saw very little difference between action types such as ""to hit"" vs. ""climbing.""  But I wanted to track if there was a difference.  After averaging my ""to hit"" rolls, I found an average roll of over 80.  That's not even an attempt at randomicity.  IF you are the kind of person who enjoys constant failure at easy tasks...then this game is for you!2)  the variety of warbands is unacceptable.  I am a long time tabletop Mordheim player and loved the variety in the warbands. Here we get 4.  The Sisters have been solely relagated to a melee warband (they removed their sling option) and also removed perhaps the coolest aspect of the Sister...the steel chains.  Oh, well.    The Mercenary warband is one that wasn't even an actual warband in the original game, and here is just a watered down version of mish-mash of all of the other warbands that existed.  The possessed are unplayable becasue the mutations are random and one cannot actually plan/develop a warband because the random mutations ruin warband members so thoroughly that the only answer is to fire them and start over.3)  skills are just a waste.  Pick a single attack and rank it.  Ranking more than one is a waste of time as you will never use it.  The passive skills are MUCH more useful.  Most skills are completely useless since you have limited slots for skills.  As a result, some skills that you may find quite useful ...such as helping you climb, will NEVER be taken becasue they are not worth the slot they use up.  A a result, at least half the skills could be removed from the game and it would have no significant effect on gameplay at all.4) the compensation for a good AI is simply the fact that every warband you face is better than yours.  Generally, a lot better.  More hits, better damage, faster; everything.  As many have said in other reviews, the game has a steep learning curve, but is not as impossible (in general) as many here seem to feel.  BUT, the huge advantage the AI has in strength, makes this game a series of gambles more than anything...pull the lever and hope you win and aren't ambushed.  Which leads me to the next thing...5) Ambush.  This breaks the game entirely.  When you are ambushed, the AI starts in range, usually goes first (due to the fact that they are simply better than your warband) and can take out 2-3 members of your warband before you even get to make an action.  This is essentially the game devs implementing a feature to knock the player down a few pegs by randomly killing some of their warband.  Such fun, let me tell you.   Spend hours upon hours building your warband only to be ambushed and  permanently lose 2-3 members of your warband before you even get to make an action.  Such awesomeness.    Which leads me to the SINGLE RNG factor that succeeds more than it fails...6)  When your Warband is being utterly destroyed, you have a MUCH greater chance of making your route check than ANY OTHER ROLL YOU EVER TRY.  You will miss attack roll after attack roll and fail all of your ALL ALONE checks, but when it comes time to make that 20% chance to NOT route...you make it.  Thus ensuring you get to hang around for at least one more round and risk losing even more warband members.  The ONLY way I can explain this is that it is a purposeful inclusion in the game to ensure the utter destruction of your warband.In conclusion, I think the devs are sadists.  I can only imagine them laughing themselves silly as players continually struggle against their plot to kill them at every turn.  They probably lay bets on how many players have launched their mouse against the wall in utter frustration. Additionally, I think they are lazy.  Dudes, just make a better AI...don't take the cheap way out and simply overpower the player with overpowered adversaries and rigged die rolls, that's such a chicken**** way out it makes me sick to my stomach.  You are expecting people to give you money for your product; have enough respect for your customer to put the work in that is needed to justify the money you are making.  If that's too much to ask, you should find a different line fo work."
76561198014026126,Not Recommended,276810,32165052,Posted: 3 June,all,azguymike,"Sorry, I wanted to like this game but I can't.  It bored the crap out of me and just didn't achieve anything.  If you want to gather warpstone to promote your warband, you have to split your troops up.  Your opponents don't have to plan long-term and so concentrate their forces.  Therefore, all your fights are you outnumbered and them cutting you to bits.  Very boring and repetitive.  Crap fights, mediocre imagery, terrible fights as you have to plan long-term and the computer has short -term tactics.  Please, save your money and go buy something else.  I already dropped a total of $20 and I'm embarrassed to even admit that.  Jeez, now that I look at the price, at least I got it on sale, including the DLC.  I'm still embarrassed.BTW, I did do all the tutorials, they suck and leave you hanging as far as strategy.  I'm writing this review in a state of mind where I am annoyed, why?  I moved one of my personnel as far as he can move and the bugs won't let me end his turn.  I can either just fail the entire mission or spend eternity running in a circle.  Nope, no other options, just an effin bug but that causes me to fail.  This after spending the time (and money) to download a warband, equip them, and get them ready.First time I have ever given a negative review.Crap game."
76561197970914630,Recommended,276810,14062514,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Elth,"It's early days yet but this game is showing a lot of potential to be one of the greatest turn-based skirmishers of the modern era.The Graphics and Animations are good, I hope they add a few more options to fine tune the graphics in settings, but other than that it's a great start.There seems to be a Base building aspect in the works maybe with the smugglers den, I hope that is the case, Mordenheim/Necromunda style squad and base management would add another layer to the game to keep it interesting.Currently there are a few maps you can skirmish on (solo or multiplayer) but the campaign is still unavailable, as is the character progression and store.   The store has me a little bit concerned about Pay 2 win possibilities but hopefully it will just contain cosmetics items and cool new models or animations that are available through the in game progression or achievements also.From what I can see there is going to be a lot of depth as is the standard of a table top game I look forward to seeing further updates and trying out all the new additions.TL:DR Positives:*  Solid tactical gameplay that captures the table top feels*  Good animations and graphics*  Upcoming Features look promising*  Have not crashed yet, no noticeable bugsTL:DR Negatives:*  Camera angles are lacking, third person parrot cam is fun but I'm longing for that tactical table top view like XCOM or Wasteland 2 so I can really get a feel for the battlefield.*  Some animations are a little bit slow (Climbing)*  Being camera locked while opponents are moving makes it a little boring when it's not your turn.  It would be more fun to watch what the enemy is doing so you can think of your counter attack while you wait (like you would on the table top).*  Lack of graphics settings*  Worry about cash shop being p2w"
76561198009816581,Not Recommended,276810,33812038,Posted: 26 July,all,elleriel,"Sad the devs seem to have abandonned their game, no upgrades, no news, nothing for months now"
76561198021962839,Not Recommended,276810,32980351,Posted: 29 June,all,rogueci5,"The Game Play = 8The Graphics = 6The animations = 5.5The building system = n/aThe setting = 9The sounds = 6The UI = 3This game is Frustration!noun: frustration1 The feeling of being upset or annoyed as a result of being unable to change or achieve something. Synonyms:exasperation, annoyance, anger, vexation, irritation, bitterness, resentment.2 The prevention of the progress, success, or fulfilment of something. Synonyms: thwarting, defeat, foiling, blocking, stopping, countering, spoiling, checking, baulking, circumvention, forestalling, dashing, scotching, quashing, crushing.This game is for Hardcore Fans only, as such I can not give it a Thumbs Up."
76561197961521837,Not Recommended,276810,19241971,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,GHANS,"I want to like this game but waiting for enemy moves in this game is awful.  It reminds me of when rome 2 was released and I sat there waiting for turns to complete.  It probably wouldn't be so bad if it was only the enemy turns when they are visible and charging after me for their move but I spent a lot of time waiting for invisible moves from the enemy.  Even still, a lot of time gets sucked up were progress is not made.When my characters have a turn this game is a lot of fun- There is too much waiting for fun for me to recommend this yet.  Its especially painful if you have basically won the map but you have to finish with one extra thing- The skaven blow the tunnels mission did this for me when I went 20 turns and after the 10th turn I had already won.  I have not played since.I do not have a crappy computer.I cannot recommend this game.  I can understand why other people would recommend this game- because the fun is there...just...I don't like the turn waiting, its awful"
76561198044440868,Not Recommended,276810,28780768,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Flibbitygibet,"The game has serious balance issues. You can be pitted against ""hard"" and ""brutal"" difficulty warbands out of the box, making it difficult to progress. There's also something broken with the probabilities in the game. Having an 84% hit chance means you miss repeatedly, dont'cha know. When you beat a mission, you don't get to collect any percentage of the items on the map, you simply get what you got plus a meagre reward. You also don't get back items the enemies stole from your fallen mooks in the event you win by routing the enemy.If you really like Warhamer / tabletop strategy games, go ahead and get the game. If you don't like endless frustration, avoid it."
76561198007833629,Not Recommended,276810,29976504,Posted: 16 February,all,nop277,"Was a really good game that had value both to more harcore players and to more casual players (although it required some kind of cheaty tactics) but they caved to the hardcore players and removed the ability to save scum. While I understand why people wouldn't want this in the game but I didn't see any reason they could have left the option in the game for those of us who wanted it. Haven't played the game since, waste of moneyedit: Went back to play this game again to see if it still was just as unfun as it was when I played it last and I confirm if you don't like games that just punish you for even booting them up then don't get this game. I played one mission and already regretted even the time I spent downloading it. If you just like the setting then I would grab Vermintide, it's a much better game and while challenging can be actually fun with a little investment (It has its own problems but they are not as severe, and the developers have worked to improvbe on them). If you want a warhammer tactical game grab Total War Warhammer (although I would suggest getting it on sale, it's not quite worth the full price). Maybe if you're a very particular kind of gamer than you can derive some kind of enjoyment from this game, but the developers made a ""design decision"" to alienate a majority of prospective customers and that's probably why this game barely gets a few hundred players a day. Sad but true"
76561197998102439,Recommended,276810,34161646,Posted: 10 August,all,barneyfitzpatrick,"I have a pretty high standard for games these days (I am a bit older, have limited time, and have played many over the years) but I'm really loving Mordheim.  If you like turn based, I definately recommend.  Captures the feeling of the tabletop version very well."
76561198013074421,Recommended,276810,22271635,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MortZ,"If u hate RNG and getting punished for your mistakes then this isnt the game for you, if on the other hand u like a challenge then this is defintly the game for you ;)"
,Recommended,276810,29994094,Posted: 17 February,all,Count Cuckula,"If you want to mentally torture your♥♥♥♥♥♥and balls then this game is for you. In something like XCOM a 75% to hit pretty much meant you would hit whereas in Mordheim you'd be lucky to hit on a 95% chance. In terms of punishment Mordheim is really similar to Darkest Dungeon in the sense that bad things will happen and you just have to roll with it, but you get much more skill customization and loot choices to mitigate your losses. Each warband has their own unique strengths and weaknesses and there are tons of different ways you can build your soldiers to play. The AI could definitely use a fix for their path-finding and loadouts, but development is pretty much already done now that they're working on a 40K version of this game."
76561198079320392,Recommended,276810,34871415,Posted: 10 September,all,Eto,"A nice game. Basically a RPG dungeon crawler in warhammer settings. Was sceptically at first, after reading the reviews, but the game delivers what I excpected. Can recommend if you do not get too mad if you lose all you worked hard for after an unlucky round."
76561198030880262,Not Recommended,276810,18630427,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,TheM,"Game is way too hard, doesn't use the actualy mordheim rules and uses a first person view to play instead of a top-down view. So the games take forever, and in the end you end up with a warband worse that it was before you started.In addition the I have the impression that the developers just do whatever they want instead of something the players want. And I do have the suspicion that they just want to annoy the players as much as possible."
76561197969893764,Recommended,276810,20154485,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gomoto,Best Turn Based Strategy Game around by far!+ Massive replay value+ Hardcore difficulty+ Fun+ Enjoyable with controller and mouse+ Graphics+ Loot+ Develop Skills+ Customize your Characters+ Mourn on defeat+ Shop around+ Explore+ Satisfactory+ WarhammerUI could be improved:- Strategic map should be scaleable- Available actions should be visible at all timesWhats the fuzz about mixed reviews and RNG rage?I waited to buy this game because of the mixed reviews. This was a failure on my side. People complaining about RNG just dont get the rules. People complaining about difficulty are not up to this kind of hardcore fun (Grow some ...).  I loved games like Laser Squad (Amiga) and the original X-Com Ufo in the past. Mordheim is a new classic and pretender for my all time favourite TBS Game.
76561198019946068,Not Recommended,276810,16289145,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,BartVonDoom,"This game could be great if the team that develops it would actually care about it and its player base. I have an issue with the game not taking my gamepad (basic Microsoft X-box controller for PC) this has now been going on for more than 2 month, meaning I can't play the game with my gamepad, I have to play it with keyboard + mouse (which makes it super difficult as it is poorly coded, and really the game is made to play with a controller). So, for the past two month, I have not been playing, I was waiting for the devs and the support team to come back to me with a fix. Took them a week first to come back with stuff like ""have you tried unplugging/replugging your controller ?""... After explaining them I tried all tricks int he book, it took them more than a month and a half to come back to me (I chased them many times but their communication skills are as great as their abilities to fix their own mess, totally non-existant) with a third party little program to ""re-map"" my controller. Needless to say, this didn't change anything. I know my controller is fine as I play The Crew, Rise of the Incarnates, Strike Suit Zero and other games with it, on steam, without any problem. This game might be on early access but it simply does NOT work as promised, their support is totally useless, not to mention their communication is awful. I would advise anyone to RUN AWAY from this game, spend your money on something else, something good as this is utter crap and I was promised to be refunded (but apparently their promises are worth as much as their support and skills to provide a playable game, aka null !!!), as I paid a good amount of money for something I can't play ! AVOID AT ALL COST fellow gamers !"
76561198104170725,Recommended,276810,28847620,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Leonardo Da Blerghinci,Writing an incredibly long review that no one will read is pointless.
,Recommended,276810,19271332,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Cheox,"Great game. Its like Warband turned into turn-based gang fights. Better than blood bowl 2, and a must-have game."
76561197996030830,Not Recommended,276810,16613690,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rambokai,"This is really difficult to reccomend in its current state.  The graphics look nice, and animations are OK. But the user interface, game play and control interfaces are really quite awful.  Game is tedius and involves many superfilous clicks and confirmation dialogs. Information dialogs are uninformative, bloated, difficult to find or non existant.I am surprised the reviews thus far have been so supportive, and were a main reason why I bought this game."
76561198004188140,Recommended,276810,19323486,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,FastEddie,So offensively Old-School Warhammer that it's like coming home early from work and finding John Blanche in bed with your wife. 10/10
76561198008368244,Recommended,276810,13079162,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,uncleblasto,Happy-much-much!
,Not Recommended,276810,29989622,Posted: 17 February,all,Sabi The Worst Player Ever,"RNG: The game. Simple as that.Its not really about planning, about strategy or whatever. Its all about dice rolls.You might plan ahead, trying to setup ambushes but in the end all that matters is if you will get proper rolls. 85% chance to hit or 95% doesnt mean anything, you will miss all attacks because this time RNG decided to have bad day. That enemy you flanked and outnumbered will kill half of your people, because RNG will favors him this time. And said half of people will die for good or get absolutely useless due to permanent injures because of RNG. Half of your troops wont even get a chance to attack against that vampire from DLC warband because they will fail all rolls. All your precious weapons will get stolen because your guys will fail their dodge rolls and die. Your units will lose half their hp from charging enemies, because when both you and AI have same range, AI gets advantage, because. And so on...Of course, veteran players wont agree with that. They will tell you that game is fair and ""high level warband gets advantage over AI"". Maybe - chances are that you wont reach that high level at all. They will defend system, where enemy warband have same composition and same levels as your own team - except that they wont be restricted by gold and have all those skills you cant learn because you lack money. They will tell you that AI is actually in worse position for picking skills at random - while your own team wont have ANY. They might even just tell you to ""get good"".Some say that all the fun in this game comes from losing. If you like being wiped on the floor, then go ahead - you will probably enjoy this. If you want fair game - go play something else."
76561198030824996,Not Recommended,276810,18642512,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,towerwizard,"This is my second edit to this review. The game now has an auto-save feature, although I have not tested it due to my rage uninstall at the strange decisions of the developers earlier, and the fact that Fallout 4 has now hit the market.This game fuses the usually divided muliplayer and single player game modes into a single unity. This poor design decision led to the idea of punishing every user who exited the game prematurely, using alt-F4 or other means such as crashes, even when only playing against the AI. The above mentioned auto save has now apparently fixed this problem, however.The game uses mandatory iron man mode, though, due to the needs of the multiplayer community of having a fair game. Casual single player lovers are thus ignored by the developers. There is Kes' way to play, or play another game, as I have done (Fallout 4 is out, remember?). So make a mistake, or roll unlucklily, or get hit by a clever or lucky attack, and many hours of progress can go away. I doubt I will play his game again...----------Now, read, if you care, the below, earlier, review. I won't remove it.----------I started following this game more than a year ago. Back then, it wasn't for me, because Mordheim is all about the progression of warbands in my opining. Now, however, since they added progression, it is my mostly played game, and it is still in Early Access!This game is a shining example of how an Early Access game should be produced:1. The developer listens to the community, reads the forums, and responds, not only in writing, but in the game. Some of the updates have been as a direct result of player feedback.2. The updates are wonderful. Their contents are extensive and the rate of updates are regular (at least one per week).3. They do their very best at developing the balance withing the game in a logical manner. Add something, wait for feedback, and if needed tweak it. Add something else, repeat. It is like watching some one paint a painting; each stroke with the brush is based on the previous, and the picture emerges ever more beautifully.Sure, I don't agree on everything. Some decisions seems strange to me, like the way the warband teleports around the city, and how they are perfectly safe in their ""virtual"" home base in between missions.The game itself is loads of fun, though! It is really hard, and sometimes frustrating, since it is in a permanent state of Hardcore (permanent injuries and death may happen to characters, and NO saving and reloading). I really like this game. And it is not even out of Early Access yet! It will be both a sad and a happy day when the game is released, because then the wonderful updates will stop.TL;DR: A bad design decision killed a fun and challenging and brilliant game for me that is otherwise well worth its selling price!"
76561198045597137,Recommended,276810,27867307,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ellahrairah,Fun game with a very steep learning curve that can make a Utah Mormon into a cursing sailor.
,Not Recommended,276810,28969643,Posted: 3 January,all,DARK3063,the ai cheats you'll have every single part of your mission done execpt for one little thing because your people can't make a little jump or the people who cans inventory is full then because of the ai system while your fratically trying to get the one guy who can't jump threw the over the ai is respawning your enimies right in between your guys because it just took so long that they decided to do a second  extra reinforce on you and you loose the mission because one guy died because the ♥♥♥♥ing ai thought it was a good idea to spawn people out of there spawning zone right in between you
76561198006526245,Not Recommended,276810,19406646,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Vindico,"By far the worst AI I have evers seen in a game.  The single player experience sways from simple to stupidly difficult between one mission and the next.  Even an ""evenly"" matched game has the computer player hitting you for between two and three times the amount of damage you can possibly dish out.  The ground clutter makes moving on the maps difficult and overly complicated, while the under lying premise of hunting out wyrd stone becomes near impossible when the AI does nothing but run straight at you with the intelligence of a child with a brick.A serious waste of money.  If you havent bought this game yet . DON'T"
76561198003731276,Not Recommended,276810,30125559,Posted: 23 February,all,Evil Baby,"While I can't recomend this game I have to give props to Rogue Factorfor their revolutionary, yet simple, game engine! It couldn't have been easy to come up with something so sadistic yet seemingly random. I don't know if 'screw the player whenever possible' can be written in game code but thats what this game feels like.I read on a post that easy mode for this game came at lvl 5 when you could get your epic (or whatever) hero. Well as soon as you get one, your enemys have them too (on single player). I did this on three of the 4 factions. It sure was fun playing round after round on two of these factions, with my big ol' ogre dude failing inteligence tests over and over and never doing anything. Keep in mind, to field these guys you have to get rid of 2 hero types that would have actually done something. The AI never really seemed to have this issue, their big ol' ogre dudes always seemed to show up to roll over my band.The whole game is like this. I have never been so frustrated, or dissapointed, by a game. Sad, the concept was awesome."
,Not Recommended,276810,22563721,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Oathed,"I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone but the hardcore fans of the genre or Warhammer or turn-based squad tactics. The game development appears to have been farmed out, over-promised, feature-creep is everywhere, and there's bugs and invisible walls and glitches and a horrible map system and cluttered UI.Reasons not to buy:* Invisible walls* The single worst deployment system/mechanics I've seen in any game, ever. Disorienting, hopelessly inept and repetitive. Had one mission start with 40+ spots, and had to cycle through them one by one with 6 characters, while camera angle went flying without rhyme or reason. Nuts.* Can't move through obviously large enough spaces* Can't move past tiny little ledges* Can't jump down from a ledge that looks super easy to get down from, with no obstructions whatsoever. These game designers valued looks over playability, by a lot. Goddammit people.* Can't drop items from inventory* Little guidance to the new player, other than ""You should have noticed the tutorials on the first screen, and played through each of them individually."" Come on, that's no way to treat a new player who knows nothing about your game.* Skills and equipment are unbalanced and confusing.* There's little explanation of what different icons mean.* There's no easy way to figure out on which level of a 3-storey house a Search Point is, unless you're close to it and pass a Perception check, which is a pain and slows down movement. Especially early on with a very low percentage chance to pass the stupid test.* Doing bonus objectives means you get Exp faster, but not much gold faster, which means your dudes are higher level but can't afford to train new skills. The enemy computer doesn't care about gold to train skills, he just comes with fully trained troops same level as you. So - doing optional objectives is really just shooting yourself in the foot. Grind it out, slow and steady. Play the long game.* Using the UI in town and in combat is confusing and miserable, at best.* Repetitive buff and debuff ""pauses"" and graphic animations. That's just annoying as f. Do one thing, wait for the pause, wait for the animation, wait for the pause, wait for the next thing. Come on.* 4 warbands and some DLC specials, compared to the variety and awesomeness that is Warhammer Fantasy, or the original Mordheim. They overpromised on graphics and visuals and animations and thus had to skimp on warbands, and as this is a niche game for niche people and old guys like me, there's not enough money flowing in for more warbands. It's a B budget game for a B budget audience.* The AI is just dumb. Don't even bother calling it AI - it's just rush and attack and that's it.* The difficulty level of the game relies PURELY on RNG percentage stacking. Make things risky enough in dice rolls and eventually you'll have a string of crits against the player and he'll have no chance. There's little in the way of interesting behaviour of the computer.* The game doesn't reward beating your enemies or even fighting them. It's much more important to avoid your enemies for as long as possible, even leaving them alive when you could have ""won"" the scenario quickly - instead just focus on sneaking around the map and gathering wyrdstone and hitting the ""Search Points"". What a knockered design. They tried to fix it by giving the player who wins some of the loot left behind, but it's far from enough to make you a good player if you just focus on winning the scenario. You really really need to sneak around and avoid engaging in a fight. Oh well.Reasons to buy:* You're a sucker for anything Warhammer or turn-based, like me.* Some stuff is kind of cool, the rest is just annoying.* There is multiplayer, so if you have friends or don't mind communicating with random people and building up a community, yes you can. I'm not personally a fan of random people on the internet, but maybe you are.* It's Mordheim, one of the coolest, longest-running franchises in gaming history."
,Not Recommended,276810,24751116,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,self.getRekt(),The game looks nice and the gameplay too but the constants crash and freeze screen while the rest keep going bug is just to much.I tryied this game on a free weekkend
76561197991600797,Recommended,276810,34142418,Posted: 10 August,all,Menckhoff,"I keep coming back to this game. Sure it has it's flaws but if you like building up a warband from cannonfodder to a team of experts, this game is for you. The DLC may seem a bit pricey but I think it's well worth the money. The number of maps is limited yet every fight is a challenge. PvP is also fun though it may be hard to find other players."
76561198050103950,Recommended,276810,14615576,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Yolo-Knight Solaire,Super fun so far... Needs 100% more orks though.
76561198002969850,Recommended,276810,19313939,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Blackire,Great Turn-based strategy game. Highly recommended.
76561197966639042,Not Recommended,276810,18234035,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,norrinradd,"The RNG is broken right now, the devs telling you it's not are wrong : 9 crits out of 10 attacks, that can happend to you too, once, in around 40 games. For the AI though? they will crit you every games, your 90% parry chance will make it laugh and they will ALWAYS have initiative and run you down if you are not tightly packed in a corner of the map with shield first and ranged units behind.Very frustrating to play, it feels like old school AI balancing (+10 this, +20 that oh and they'll be faster and stronger and more resilient, enjoy)i'v given it a serious run, i know how to beat it but the fact that some missions are not possible to win (1st turn half you guys are dead, 2nd turn it's over. happendend like 9 times over 40games) makes me downrate this game.Maybe once it's finished it will be better but the devs answer to the comunity isn't giving me any hope. (basicly their game is perfect and we have to shut up and eat this deranged RNG silently)"
76561198014416819,Recommended,276810,19518306,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BrowneHawk,Cool game.
,Not Recommended,276810,18311639,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Exmond,Needs more work.  The Tactical options are very limited and right now its just slugging it out wtih the AI (Which cheats).
76561198097232725,Recommended,276810,26157878,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,LiKUiD2MeTaL,"Okay so I love this game, a lot, but RNG is so bad, okay Im playing Skaven and my Adept level 7 is against a Verminkin level 0, i have a 95% chance to hit this Verminkin with 4 attacks, i miss all four well♥♥♥♥♥♥i guess that happens, i pick dodge which is at 80% chance to dodge and i fail that he does 57 points of damage, wow wtf okay my turn again, 4 attacks 95% to hit, miss all four again... wtf, dodge again fail i have 4 points of health left now, 4 more attacks one goes through does like no damage.. dodge fails again, my level 7 assassin adept dies to a level 0 verminkin, damn rat turns around and kills my black skaven and a warpguard before i route.... this happened to me several times, so before you buy this as awesome as it is, you need to be patient and cull your temper cause damn. Oh and btw injury phase at the end killed my adept and warpguard, and the black skaven lost an arm and got a chest wound.... haha so yeah you can put a lot of time and effort into a warband to have it completly wrecked by a fresh♥♥♥♥♥weak as♥♥♥♥♥♥rat lmao."
76561198296783967,Recommended,276810,23704018,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,sneakyhighelf,"The game is wonderful. Wonderfully hard, wonderfully RNG enoying and wonderfully Warhammer."
76561198006919697,Not Recommended,276810,19959434,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Rollout,nope
76561197972450743,Not Recommended,276810,22076411,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,faurester,"This is a game I really wanted to like as I played the game in my University days with figs and dice. I had found memories and hoped that the fun would be translated to the PC version. However, this was not the case. The deployment is terrible. I have played more games than I can count that found all my men spread to the nine winds and the enemy all clustered together. So needless to say they took out a good 25%-50% of my forces before I could rally my men together and defend.Another major frustration is that with no save capability you lose a character that you have worked hard to develop over 30+ games and one good roll that is it for him. I like that the game is hard and so trying again is fun but you are not able to try again since there is no saving a battle. I do not understand how a game developer still thinks that the vast majority of gamers do not want the option to restart from a save position. XCOM2 does it better by setting an Iron Man mode if you wish to play with no saves and dying being permanent. That is fine for them and I love the game. If Mordheim wish this then it should be placed on the game description that you have no save, restarts with your group and damage and death is permanent.This is a game for entertainment and leisure. I am like hard games and a challenge is good but all the games I know let you try again and learn and change outcomes. Very few of the people I know find it fun to die and then that is that. Far too random for that. There is some strategy but sometimes no matter how the odds are in your favour all your 90+ strikes will miss and the 60+ from the enemy will land time and time again. This gets to be very annoying and you end up no giving a crap about your men since they will die no matter what.To the developer, add game modes and saves and maybe you will find more client buying your game. I for one will no longer play or recommend the game to anyone until that basic option available since the 90s is added back. I am sure the ""diehard"" games will call me a whiner but I for one say that I am a casual gamer and as far as I know that is the vast majority of the players out there."
76561197973057598,Not Recommended,276810,29798535,Posted: 9 February,all,mikeerty,"I really want to like this game.I love the permadeath and character progression. I love the permanent injuries and the brutal fighting.I played it in early access and I remember thinking the game was cheating me on the To Hit rolls. 90% chance to hit missing 9 times out of ten. What wasn't made clear (and still isn't, unless you're looking for it) is that yes you may pass the To Hit roll 90% of the time, but there's another roll that takes place simultaneously. If you hit, the enemy usually has a chance to dodge or block. If they're really agile they'll dodge maybe half the time. Therfore you feel like you're missing again and again, when actually your sodlier did his part and the enemy jumped out the way.The combat log tracks all the rolls, which helps ease the feeling of being robbed.But that isn't my biggest gripe!In the campaign you're thrown to the wolves immediately, and in a game so heavily reliant on stats and percentages it's just hopelessly unfair unless you're very lucky. It's like the video game version of Monopoly.Each ""day"" you pick a mission. They're random in difficulty. The enemies in the mission are random too. On day two I had only 2 choices - a Lethal mission and a Deadly mission. I used the scouting button to find another few missions - both pretty much promised failure.Thinking this was just the game adding some fluff I headed into the least dangerous one.I gathered my team and held my ground, hoping to mob the enemy. Except I couldn't because their warband was so much better than mine. My hero would lose over half his health to a single enemy henchman strike (not even critical). My hero and leader had to hit the enemy henchmen around 8 times before they died. Numerically it was impossible, despite surrounding them and trying to pick them off. At a certain point The Numbers dictate the overall outcome.This is made worse when you realise there are permanent injuries (a good idea in theory) AND time limits for completing shipments which you can only miss 4 of before you fail the game. You HAVE to get into missions, and when those missions are guaranteed to be a disaster I felt like the victim of overly cruel game design. Why not scale the enemy warbands up with you? Why would you ever put the player into a positiion where they are up against brutal, deadly or lethal warbands on day 2?Some people seem to love this game and relish the difficulty, so I recommend it for people who are drawn to that kind of challenge. But I think most people probably don't want to have to go digging and scraping around the internet for tips and exploits (like, ""Don't ever play story missions because they're broken and have infinite waves of enemies"" and ""avoid missions where there's a chance you could be spread out because it's almost a guranteed fail as the enemy will intercept your guys and pick them off one by one before you can regroup""). If I have to cordon off portions of a game because it's broken or unbalanced then they've done something wrong."
76561197973689033,Recommended,276810,19299296,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,StalkingShadows,"One of the best adaptations of a GW game to date. Very very fun, gets a little stale but over all for a fan of anything GW very happy with it."
76561198019631360,Recommended,276810,14858754,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Cookie Crisp Cereal,The RNG on this game is so autistic that it makes me wanna play it. 0/0.
76561198000025966,Not Recommended,276810,19688450,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bobgarrish,"Short: If you're in this for multiplayer, and a HUGE fan of the TTG, then -maybe- this is for you.  If you're looking for something to fill the space XCom, Valkyria, or other great TBS games did then save your time and your money.I was so excited by this that I bought it full price as soon as I found out about it.  That was a huge mistake.  I've loved almost every GWS PC and iOS game that's been released.  I've seen other reviews comparing this to XCom and Valkyria, and that comparison is so off base I'd swear they have to be friends with the devs.Haven't experienced load times like this since Crysis.  But Crysis let you play for an hour after it loaded for a couple minutes, this has load times just to enter menus.  It's rare that a PC adaptation of a TT game is actually slower to set up than the real thing.  Maps are full of fake obstacles (eg: doors don't work, some ledges can be jumped off of/climbed and some can't, despite being the same height and looking the same).The AI is poor, so they compensated by always making the AI teams stronger than yours.  This means there is one and only one strategy: team up on the AI as they arrive individually as you always lose in a fair fight.  This is not a deep strategy, it's a joke.  Imagine if the only way you could win at XCom is if the enemies came out single-file.  The AI is also sooooo verryy sloooooow, so don't think you're done excessive waiting just because the game's loaded.The hardcore nature of the game, like roguelikes, is what drew me in.  A lot of players like that aspect, but it was built on top of a game that just isn't that good, and execution that feels half done."
76561198044007557,Recommended,276810,17062907,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,rpgameking,"This game is extensively true to the board-top, plus is already expertly programmed (for a games early development), and becoming more and more true to todays standard of gaming.  This game should impress, and I long for the further builds and options to come."
76561197970184169,Not Recommended,276810,21081816,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rewand,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game misses whit 80% Hitchance and hits whit 30% chance. Recommended if you wanna break your Keyboard after 30 minutes of Play.
76561198030787073,Not Recommended,276810,28856845,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Keveras,"This game is terrible. People compare the difficulty to Dark Souls, I guess if you were to fight an end boss at the beginning of the game with no items or flasks, than I can see the comparison. This game is brutal in a bad way, it's all based on luck and not skill, unlike Dark Souls. Pass on this garbage."
,Not Recommended,276810,21248712,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,=T$E= Philsco,"WARNING: This game is for die-hard fanboys only, as anyone else will be completely unable to overlook some GLARING issues.1. HORRIBLE optimization.  Seriously, this game struggles to support itself, and it's evident in everything from the initial menu to the extremely stupidly long loading screens.2. Price Gouging.  This is NOT a $40 game, and the units being sold individually is a horrific joke.3. Gets real old, real fast.  Once you've played this game, then you've played it.  It doesn't have the replay value that you'd expect a title like this would.4. No modding, no creativity.   If it's not in the game, then you better not want it.  And if it's COMING to the game, then expect to pay for it when it DOES come, which is a laughable, horrible way to treat customers who spend $40 on your unpolished product.Buyers remorse, it's a real thing.  Had this since it was pre-release, thinking, ""man, it can only get better!""  But, the disappointment is strong with this title..."
76561197969765178,Not Recommended,276810,29079106,Posted: 6 January,all,ChongoNips,Played the tabletop. This is a game whose difficulty is designed around multiple failures to make you play longer.  Which sux when the turns are llllllllllllooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnggggggggggg.  I mean like get up walk away and come back 10 minutes later between each move.
76561198118752514,Recommended,276810,24737508,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,vampire3229,well I like to say thanx to steam or who made mordheim and all these add on s or mods with extra players and race is firt all u cant put a price on a good game on crusader kinds 2 I got up to 200-300 dollors in add ons so for me I would play any price for more race is or add ons I played this game even when it sucked and was nothing but problems. but my love for the bord game it did not matter I played and played with this game was bad but dam this game has lived up to my dreams its hard banced and fair with no game problems that I can see no longer. if this game comes out with 500 dollors with new race is or units i will pay every penny. I relly hope the next race will be undead in the bord game this was my race if so I will never put this game down or stop puting mony into it. so my point is this is 1 of the top games u will ever play and have fun.and if we all will put mony into this game it will only get better thankyou. and this game is worth any amount of cash.ps. also the radom dice rollos is not fixed its fair. I dont like loseing for haveing bad rolls but u all no when the rolls are good we all dont conplane then. yeah i wont to puch my computer when a rank 8 or 10 hero die s or lose a arm. but this is the sweet part about the game its very realy list.  playing on iron man mond is great if i could have cheated and reloed a save i would have 1000 of timses but then with out hard ai  and no saves this game would be unfair in net playing player vs player this is the true art of the game to see if u can pick a race and take it to the top on the player vs player. if u can make it threw the hole game I have starded well over 200 difrend war bads over sitll only player same war bad tireing to perfect it so I can be the best player in the world. in the player vs player. so random number dice roll rules
76561198026665353,Not Recommended,276810,21803776,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sawendro,"This is a terribly designed game, full stop.I'm all for unfairness and steep learning curves in games, but not for games that outright CHEAT and have so many hidden/unknowable variables that basically negate any strategy except ""hope you get to gang up on them before they gang up on you"". Given that the enemy ALWAYS gets better iniative and equipment than you, that so rarely happens that building a viable warband at the start of a campaign is a fools hope, and hoping to carry through the campaign is beyond foolish.If there was something that allowed you to even partially mitigate the extreme RNG with planning, skill or tactics, this could have been a fun game."
76561198264917669,Not Recommended,276810,29839433,Posted: 10 February,all,Wulfgrim,I like this game. Really. But I hoped that more warbands will be added (dwarfs and greenskins at least) to truly enjoy warhammer fantasy world. But nope. Developers (I know that they are a tiny team) decided to jump to a next project and simply ignore all their fans who asked them so many times to add more warbands. Simply we doesnt care anymore - that's the message from them. And it killed all desire to invest time into this hard game. For what reason? The game has no future anymore.
76561198042386023,Not Recommended,276810,24492261,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Reality Spasm,ok i love this game but its driving me insain at the same time put alot of hours into the game and enjoy it but me and my friend like to throw down and it aways bugges out. i think in the 7 games we have had its crashed or we have been seeing diffrent things to the point two of my guys went inside of eachother but in my game one was dead and it was all over the placebut what really anoys me is we had a 3200 fight with injurys and right when we start to meet it tells us the opponent has left and makes us not only have to alt f4 but we noth get rage quiter and have to take injury rolls on everyone! my damn warband is now scrapped... its like its just getting worse and worse and im sick of fighting the computer and sick of loosing hours of work on buggs
76561198003267543,Recommended,276810,31655503,Posted: 9 May,all,Belsamuel,Don't listen to haters. this game is amazing... just stay away from vampires in melee with anything other than heroes
76561198038501637,Recommended,276810,28354022,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Destroyer,"Fantastic! Of course there are occasional bugs but it's a game thats very rewarding to master. It's rewarding because it's brutally hard, at first."
76561198027525624,Recommended,276810,19269790,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,crowax78,"Long loading, but it's a good game.""Nice and kozy""  :D"
76561198037844182,Recommended,276810,16927392,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Giadrome77,this game is really a good and considering the fact this is a first for warhammer to try this kind of game id say they have done a great jobthere are a few bugs but what do expect for an early access game cant wait to see this game finished
76561198298878519,Recommended,276810,28623624,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Biohazzerd12,"How the hell are you even suppose to beat the undead army they don't have to make and fear, terror, or all alone checks plus the special units make you perform a fear test"
76561197978158301,Not Recommended,276810,28207739,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,George,"Pros:- Looks ok, it isn't jaw dropping but it doesn't look terrible.- Very customisable, you can change a units name, appearance, color scheme and weapon and armor visuals vary once equipped.- Many different ways to approach a battlefield, height, cover, traps in the area and many buildings can be entered in search of treasure and Wyrdstone.Cons:- Some units cannot break away from combat. For example a ranged unit like a smuggler will not/can not disengage an engaged obviously superior melee fighter... this is simjply ignorant since it not only would fit a smuggler's mentality to get the hell out of there but also limits your ability to use your ranged weapons which is that type of units focus.- Some units are obviously better than others... to a point it breaks the game. Skaven...- Your first several encounters will make or break your warband instead of a steady incline or progression you may do really well on one mission and be wiped in the first few rounds of the next.- Enemies go from around the same level as you to mini bosses without any sort of indicator or warning. A random warrior unit of one make on the same map can either be a decent fight or 1 shot you. The game is like that...- Several of the missions scatter your units out over a battlefield, this can be a pro or con if you like that sort of thing."
76561198069537353,Recommended,276810,25174012,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Estolie,Game needs an execution system.
76561198035561995,Recommended,276810,34591913,Posted: 29 August,all,FolcaNight,"This game isn't perfect and the little flaws are certainly frustrating.  I feel this is more than made up for by the engaging combat system.  Training your warband to perfection is fun, especially knowing that one wrong move can spell disaster.  Yes, RNG plays a big factor, as in any GW game, but over time, player choices will determine how successful the developing warband is moreso than random factors.  Learning to control the influence of chaos as you guide your team is part of the game.  Is this game frustrating?  Yes.  Is it fun? Hell yes!"
,Recommended,276810,20123232,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,想玩到爆肝,"Such hardcore, much warhammer, very injury, so death"
76561198051758120,Recommended,276810,31759750,Posted: 14 May,all,M3RR1CK,"This game is great.I skipt the tutorial (I've played x-com and Warhammer RPG) and the brief explaination texts were enough to get my mercenary warband up and at'em straight away...they did all get hacked to peices by vampires three missions in, so I retired them and started a new Skaven Raiding party.   Get this, my new team boss kept the experience I had accrued, so the previous games were not wasted, rather my new team started richer, stronger, with better underground contacts, and I had learned some tactical lessons too.  Basically these lessons are, TRY to stick together, steal the other gangs totem (they hate this), stay away from vampires.I've only met two bugs in the game map, and thats impressive as each of the vast districts will include beautiful temples, stinking sewers, and delapidated dock slums, all suffering under the taint of Chaos that has twisted the land.The RNG is what it is, I've found myself cheering when a 5% stab in the dark has paid off, as often as I've groaned when a 95% sure thing  has fumbled.  Years of RPGing tells me ""don't let a battle plan rest on the outcome of one dice roll and everything will (usually) be ok*.There is a lot of game here, after two days of play I'm still only on the first act of my factions story and there are six factions to play (I'm too scared of the vampires to download the undead expansion), and all the faction campaigns seem to twist together to form a cool metanarrative.  Add the personal storys of the each warband member (my captain has lost an eye, found magical armour, and slew an ogre), and you have a rewarding, deeply personal gaming experience."
76561198034180089,Recommended,276810,31793895,Posted: 16 May,all,Aries403,"Guarantees a gritty hard world one would expect from the producer Games Workshop.  Difficult to the extreme, multiplayer is the greatest advantage available"
76561198075367957,Recommended,276810,31994377,Posted: 27 May,all,Elaborate,"There are great things and awful things about this game, with that said I do enjoy it a lot. I should also tell you that I am a player of the tabletop game and have been for 15 years or so.Great things:- The general ""feel"" of the game is spot on. Atmosphere, design and sound are perfect!- Warband management is really fun and well made.- The story missions are challenging and for the most part fun(I will elaborate on this in ""awful things"")- The warbands that exist are well made and have good distinctive units.Awful things:- The AI is really stupid, which breaks immersion and makes the missions less challenging at times.- Cult of the Possessed campaign act 2 is really badly designed and balanced. This really need to be adressed by the devs, as for now it's not worth it to play the possessed.- Constant reinforcements from the enemy in story missions, this is just a bad design-choice in all games in my opinion.- Badly needs more warbands and I really hope this game isn't abandoned by the devs. We want more content!- Some mission modes are just plain stupid and happens way too often. With this I mean missions where you get randomly deployed on the map. This would be fine if it where once in a while but it feels like every other mission is like this. It makes mobility overpowered, as you heavy armor slow guys won't get to fights in time and won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ For the same reason Skaven is broken in these missions as they can run the entire map in one turn more or less.So there are quite a lot of things I don't like in this game but they can be somewhat adressed in future patches. Just hope this game isnt abandoned.Overall a good game that i enjoy playing, but has a few kinks that annoys the hell out of me. I think the game is more fun for people who have played the table top game as there are A LOT of mechanics to learn if you don't have a basic understanding of them.So I do recommend it but it's not perfect."
76561198154029976,Recommended,276810,32065171,Posted: 30 May,all,The 9th,"Absolutely awesome turn based game in the Warhammer universe!Let's start with the cons though.The graphics aren't something great, but that won't even bother you as you play this game, since it will keep you on your toes and deliver a great experience each time you play it.It has a limited amount of maps to choose from. Still, not something that downgrades it that much.AND of course the curious way that probability works... Meaning, you have a wizard casting a spell with 95% success chance... 2 times fail and the 3rd one he explodes and dies... WTF? Or if you attack an enemy with a 80% chance then you miss 3 times in a row only for him to hit you with a 30% chance. Oh well...BUT!This game is absolutely well done, since as it warns you from the start you have to make the best out of the worst situation and as soon as you master the way you ought to play in tough fights or when gathering wyrdstones, it becomes an awesome experience. The campaign arcs for each faction are well done (especially the maps, I remember getting stuck in a cursed library with the witchhunter team) and the story keeps you interested.You will upgrade your team slowly and they WILL accumulate injuries which you will see on your enemies as well. For example a missing arm, leg etc.The multiplayer isn't anything special, but it gives you and a friend a chance to either kill eachother brutally or have a fun match with no repercussions.Overall this game is a fine addition to the whole turn based universe of Warhammer and along with its great atmosphere it delivers a very challenging playthrough for each and every faction you choose.8/10!"
76561198018113857,Recommended,276810,20261635,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spike,"Cool game. fun to play. i can give it 8/10. why not 10/10?. Well it still need more playabel warbands. like Vampaiers or Dwarfs ,Witch hunters etc,etc. i hope to see upgrade for it."
76561198215345385,Recommended,276810,32225044,Posted: 6 June,all,MurkgardGurkhan,"THE best turn-based warhammer game on the market.  Unflinchingly dark, dank and difficult.  Everything fits together well here.Some of the many pros:Solid RNG system and fair combat.Permadeath and various injuries.In-depth management of warband and characters.Decent AI and game design make for difficult conflicts requiring thought.Over-arching player account progression.Looting system is integral part of gameplay.Risk-free or dangerous gamble styles of PVP.Works extremely well with a gamepad.Many varied tactical routes to success.The arena is a massive city with many traps and hidden vantage points and chokes.Some of the few cons:Skaven voice-acting.Units could use more aesthetic customisation options, colours and badges.Game is demanding on slower computers.  (But you can run it in low res even on embedded GFX card if you need to)Not enough gore, blood and decapitations."
76561198044407951,Not Recommended,276810,19716590,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Hobgoblin,i have only 8 hours on this game and am safe to say its a waste of money - time -  am even wasting my sleep time now typing this  reviewproblems? yes !!!- loading screen takes around 5 to 10 min each round even if u have the best PC this world can offer  the loading doesnt have to do with ur machine but its the game engine  like one of the worst game engines ever maybe  ( hell somepeople in discussions said the loading last forever until they force shutdown the game )-bad quality  game-mostly   weapon hit turn base game with so less skills and no creativity-4 races and its unbalanced-the way the game works makes it hard to find people for multiplayer  1 to 0 chance ( if ur looking to buy for multiplayer )-ai balance issuescant think much anymore sleep time D:but i gave the game long time before i put my review and i am safe to say this game is dead is a cheat  full price aka full game when its actually worst then most of early access and alpha games  sad very sadsry for my english <3
76561197990466252,Not Recommended,276810,22538313,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,LethalFlo,first the good:- The mordheim IP: the lore is awesome- the city in game is modeled nicely- the characters are modeled well- the intro movieThe bad:- For a game wich got the IP from gameworkshop offers little customization besides colors to you characters- the difficulty of misions is artificial if your doing a hard difficulty just means that your opponents have better stats- random traps every so often (quite alot) which are very anoying- sometimes being force to play a mision wich scatters your crew so they can be easily picked appart by the enemy- some how random does not seem really random in this game...- the music is good but gets very repetitive soon- only 4 warbands what is up with that?- loading times are far to long for the type and quality of game.- placing your soldiers at the start of the battle is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and very unintuitive- the ambush stance is very buggy- the occasional bug: one time my captain was in a room with only one outside but there was an invisible wall that he could not go trough and he could have been the tipping point that won me the battle...all by all i think the developers missed the bus on this one. i keep having the feeling it should have been an isometric turnbased like XCOM enemy unkown. i can only say that i'm very glad i havent bought the DLC.though the looks and atmosphere of this game are good the rest is bad and i wished the IP had gone to other developers.
76561198006615060,Not Recommended,276810,22170070,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fritz the cat,"If you like a hard unforgiving game that can end   months playing a warband with 1 roll , This is the game for you. The warhammer setting is great and the gameplay  very good. But be ready to lose everything , And more then once it will be completly out of your hands.  And thats the huge problem with the game , A game that only have Ironman setting will never get a recommend from me when bugs can and will ruin everything you build."
76561198041662726,Not Recommended,276810,22276053,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,PhantasyPH,A game that doesn't want to keep players and instead just rewards players who play it too much. Plus too much RNG for a hard game
76561198016748587,Not Recommended,276810,22184037,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NineDimes,"This is game is really fun, when it works.   There is literally no support when the game does not function.   30 hours of play time down the toilet.   I love the table top and this is pretty close.     If I cant get this to work, gotta ask for a refund.such a shame for a good game.dont get it until they fix it"
76561198079800396,Not Recommended,276810,22723705,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,marcus.bjering,"Mordheim is missing the diversity, and it just aint good enough. The ai is really bad, aswell as the randomness in character progress is okey it also has some big faults..If they fix this it will be okey"
,Not Recommended,276810,28209256,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Morbus47,"The game CLAIMS to be a strategy game, but there really isn't any strategy to it. AI knows exactly where all of your placements are (hidden or not) and AI ALWAYS. I repeat: ALWAYS has a higher RNG than you. No fair fights in this game (or strategy, for that matter). Another game that tries to shower you in ""complexity"" so you're to exceed the return time limit."
,Not Recommended,276810,19900443,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Teszla,"This game has a solid base and at times it can feel rewarding. After +20 hours of playing(15 of which was the same Skaven Warband) I feel I can safely say the % to hit, dodge, parry, etc. feels completely broken the ""stronger"" you get and the longer you play. I've come out of brutal difficulty skirmishes unscathed and been nearly wiped out in normal difficulty. 95% aimed shots will miss 3 rounds in a row, and 90% dodges will fail 50% of the time. This could be a game I could really get into if there were any type of gameplay settings. It's by far one of the most infuriating games I've ever played. I would love to recommend it but the longer I play it the more I dislike it."
76561198059941294,Not Recommended,276810,29048198,Posted: 5 January,all,EngulfedObject,"Fun and addictive game but ultimately too frustrating. The permanent injuries mechanic seems like fun at first until you realize the more time you invest in the game, the more likely you are to be punished by this mechanic. The AI doesn't seem to suffer these consequences so you'll be facing new warbands every mission that have leveled up properly whereas your warband will constantly be shuffling new members as they get injured.Even with a 90% win rate you'll occassionally slip up and your favorite character might end up with a skull fracture (= has to take stupidty tests or skip the round) or just die. And it seems like it's totally random as long as your character gets knocked out during a skirmish.So as the game goes on maintaining your warband becomes ever more tedious as you constantly shuffle injuired members around. Even training skills means your characters have to stay away from fights for several days.That said, there is a surprising amount of depth, with various skills (passive and active) your characters can learn so that might be worth looking into if you like that sort of thing (but it also you'll have to maintain characters who suffer permanent injuries and need training in skills).The game is still fun but it's probably only for hardcore Warhammer fans. So unless you really love Warhammer and can deal with frustration (and wasting a lot of time running around the map collecting warstone or maintaing your warband), this game is probably not worth the time investment it requires to be properly rewarding."
76561197988131707,Recommended,276810,16110786,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Torgo,shaping up to be a pretty fun version of the table top game that wasted countless hours playing
76561197972640295,Recommended,276810,23692247,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Butler PM,"This is a great game, same style as Xcom. Frustrating hard in the beginning and with some early issues, but overall great game!"
76561198006100475,Recommended,276810,26325362,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Shids,"I have played Mordheim since before it was released, and then I am talking about Games Workshop miniature tabletop game, so I have followed the Mordheim franchise since they posted a trail version in an old White Dwarf magazine.So when I first saw this game on Alpha, it was an instant buy for me. Sadly, my first experiences of the game made me doubt if that was money well spent. So after having tested that beta for about half an hour I shut down and decided not to poke it before it was released. And now, almost a year after it left its alpha and beta stage, I wonder why I ever doubted Mordheim back then.So what do I think of the game? I love it! It's a wonderful, turnbased stratergy game with some light RPG elements to it as it includes a few story missions for each faction.Are the rule systems the same? Does the computer game use six-sided dice? Does character progression work the same way? The skills? All the various heroes and henchmen? Spells? Items? NO! No, they are not the same.Does the computer game capture the essence of the original miniature tabletop game...? <Insert curseword> YES! Yes, it certainly does and more.So no, you won't be able to play the exact same game here that you would if you play with your miniatures, and my opinion is that it's a good thing for once. This game offers you, in some ways, more and different options that you lack when you play with your models.The only true downsides with the game is that the core game only had four races (they have added two more with dlc now - which I don't mind, but others do), grinding missions might get a little repetative if done for hours and hours without a break and some seem to think the game is hard, but I generally have never had a problem with it, except maybe the first mission at times. Just.. don't be afraid of someone dying! Except if it is your leader, then you might have problems.."
76561197981603123,Recommended,276810,26327477,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rabbittruns,"This game is many things... it is thoughtful, deep, steeped with lore from one of the most amazing fantasy settings ever created since it is warhammer, among many things.. But i think the most important part of this game, and what makes it different from almost every other game out there, is the emotional context.there are NO saves other than the one you have. EVERY time you choose a mission and your crew, there is a very real possibility for failure and death. I have succeeded on the hardest ""brutal"" missions and wiped on the normal rated ones. The game is so emotional because there is a sense of accomplishment and loss that isn't present in other games simply because other games give you the option of iron man mode which most never take, and this one just forces it upon you because that is life in warhammer. Brutal, short, and only the strongest survive and flourish.If you want a complex, deep, immersive experience where you must consider every move, because each move can mean triumph or disaster, then get this game. I've raged quit screamed and yelled at the RNG but i think it is actually pretty fair. It doesn't cheat as some say, it is just what it is. If you have played xcom or any other rng heavy product you will understand. The only difference with this game is that on several unlucky rolls in a row you may lose a character you have spent months developing, and there is no scum saving like xcom. You have to deal with the consequences of a harsh existence, which is what the WARHAMMER universe is all about.So if anyone cares i absolutely recommend this game. There are many things i would like to see implemented as far as the campaign goes and not getting pretty much the mirror image of youur warband to face, and maybe revenge missions where you get to face the band that wiped you previously, but maybe they will come and there will be more diversity in the campaign. either way if you are on the fence, do yourself a favor and try it! especially for the sale price it is now you cant beat it."
,Recommended,276810,19791951,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,THC** FIREston,This game is hard. It is unforgiving and will eat our soul. It is by far the best game I have played all year. Dedication and persistence will lead you to victory just be prepared to die along the way and be willing to restart your warband multiple times. A MUST BUY FOR WARHAMMER FANS!11/10
76561198287884924,Recommended,276810,26060234,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,angryschutz,"Love this game, excellent strategies mean the difference between victory and defeat. Go Skaven!"
76561198016294250,Recommended,276810,23677761,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Spoonanner,"Just for the +1.  If you liked tabletop Mordheim, you will like this.  If you have no idea what I am talking about but like turn based, team building/advancing mechanics in a fantasy setting... you may like this."
76561198008428040,Not Recommended,276810,25721894,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TriniMac,"I got this when it was an alpha, and it never really met up to my expectations."
,Recommended,276810,25917974,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cynath,Great game. Highly recommended to all Warhammer fans!
76561198042852335,Recommended,276810,34923947,Posted: 13 September,all,Slice,"Good game.  I played the TT version years and years ago.  I've only played a few hours but it seems to be a huge risk reward system.  Get too greedy and you'll likely pay the price.  Those complaining ""RNG this, RNG that"" simply haven't figured out that half the battle is mittigating the RNG.  Always have a backup plan and hopefully a backup henchman standing near by to finish the job.Got six factions with the game.  Each one has a different feel.  Might take some time to figure out which style fits best for you.Recommended!"
76561198125219387,Recommended,276810,34892210,Posted: 11 September,all,ARK,Games Good. Download Reshade and tweek the colours if you find it too grey or washed out like I did at first .It's a lot simpler than some of the reviews let on .  The wall of Text on start up can be off putting. Just get through that first hour learners curve and you'll get to grips with it soon after .  takes about 15 minutes if you've played Mordheim irl .
,Recommended,276810,34409899,Posted: 21 August,all,JaCrispy,It is a really good game.  A good amount of depth with leveling up your warband and a solid difficulty level.Haven't found any of these glitches or bugs people are talking about either.It is everything a turn-based fan would want.
76561198038558664,Recommended,276810,34409783,Posted: 21 August,all,Emordious,warhammer races try to contol the city turn based small squad ....bad things will happen have to take the good with the bad once your char is injured or dead have to train a new one
76561198072943670,Recommended,276810,34422627,Posted: 22 August,all,Paquete,"Its a fun turn based rpg,"
,Recommended,276810,34623090,Posted: 30 August,all,Chetfreeze,"I havent played much but, I like the way the game looks, feels, makes you think about your every action to minimize losses,  the way enemies scale to your level of ability(?), and brutal difficulty, similer to the XCOM long war mod."
76561197971000198,Not Recommended,276810,18516077,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,cegorach,"Are you someone who enjoys making a cup of tea, taking the dogs for a walk and doing some gardening while waiting for a game to load?if so, you will LOVE this game.Otherwise you will probably enjoy it if you're a Warhammer fan and tableflip if not."
76561198043445125,Not Recommended,276810,19648251,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,underused,"Frustrating as hell. Not the fun kind of frustrating where you need to work hard to manage things and come up with different tactics to win different battles, just the ""Oh, look, my entire party was wiped out by an unlucky couple of rolls and rendered useless"" kind of frustrating. There are a lot of good things in it but that's the end result of way too many battles (often the initial result, actually).There are things I enjoy about it but I've had way too many battles be impossible from halfway through round 1 to keep playing it.Edit:Apparently I'm a masochist. Once you get past the intial stages it gets more fun, but the first battles are frustrating as hell. I would recommend buying this if it was on sale but would definitely not recommend buying it now.Also rather idiotic that a small religious sect that only exists there sends out groups of people who then attack each other in the streets."
76561198060659972,Not Recommended,276810,19644704,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,jasque101478,"It is with a heavy heart that I write this review. I bought into this game while it was still just out of alpha, and in that raw state, I could easily see the potential. I loved the tabletop version of Mordheim, but when people complained that this was not that game (which was a true statement,) I could defend it on the grounds that this was a different good game, as long as the devs fixed a few problems with it.The biggest offenders during early beta were:Poor RNGPoor deploymentUnbalanced warband ratings (the AI always had higher ratings, sometimes significantly so,)An impossible midgame (survival rate at warband level 5 was practically 0.)Navigation difficulty (can't see the map except with a largely useless overhead view.)I watched as the devs tweaked and tweaked. I continued to defend the game because they were trying to fix it. Eventually, I left the game for a while. I figured I would come back closer to release to see how it had changed. I did not get back to it until tonight, a little under a month after release.I jumped back in and discovered some very beautiful new splash screens! The visuals had all gotten a touchup, including my warband models. Things were looking up!Then I started the gameplay. My warband rating was 440. My opponent's rating (on regular difficulty) was 500, a 13% difference. Still, I could do this! It would be challenging, but what game worth its salt isn't? I started to play. Within 2 turns, my warband (which had been randomly deployed despite the fact that I wanted to manually deploy them) were being 2v1'ed. I had 2 henchmen that I could not get to the skirmishes because I could not find the right set of stairs. My engaged warriors did about 10% damage to the opponents' healthbars, who then one-shotted one character and stunned the other. (This was in the second round of the game, first round of combat mind you. I did not engage the enemy models because I knew I needed to gang up - I just could not find my way around the map (or even find a way to escape the enemy's close proximity.)By turn 3 I had lost 2 units, one of whom was my hero, and routed. I then had both die in the after-action report.I know that a good game should be challenging, but this level of stupidity is just...well.I cannot recommend this game. I really want to, to validate my choice to buy in during beta, but in the interest of integrity, my advice is don't. Just don't. Find some other challenging game, one where the RNG doesn't kill you instantly, one where you can find your way around the levels, one where you do not lose because two warriors randomly die after only your first battle.Find some other challenging game. Find a good game. Not this one."
76561198027961805,Recommended,276810,21599975,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bane902,I died at the tutorial.
,Not Recommended,276810,19957026,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Goldseeker,Total random and Forced hardcore is never a good thing. Avoid.Shame it took 10 hours to realize that - would have been my first refund on steam
76561198020109566,Not Recommended,276810,21589213,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,NoGas,"The game is fun for awhile, but quickly becomes tedious with the same maps, fighting the same enemies. Fighting against the computer is a loaded game, as the rolling system strongly appears to be pseudo-random chance, and not full random chance. So the computer AI is really no more than nudges in the computer's favor.There aren't enough mechanisms in place to control more of the ""chance"" of things, making the battles generally random and kind of pointless when looking for greater tactical depth. Combos are shallow, and persistent across each faction.It's fun for awhile, but the problems quickly show through."
76561197983072652,Recommended,276810,24751721,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vogarus,"So after starting and coloring my Grand Company for the 4th time. I figured out that they could have made the game have such a smoother start if they just gave your captain said armor/helmet and your mohawk henchman a shield.Things that made me survive the first 2 battles and start enjoying the game where:- Invest some start cash. Give the captain an armor and a helmet. buy an extra shield for a frontliner.- Pick a non scattered normal fight (read the descriptions)- Slow down, get your chess hat on.- Don't run em off alone or even in small groups after the kryptonite.- Just move em into the direction of the enemy cart and pick the green stuff up along the way. If you have 3-5 pieces, your good.- Keep the captain alive.After that, I actually started havin fun. Granted, my stress levels are much highter then after most gaming sessions :-)"
76561198055265086,Recommended,276810,21577601,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,[TAS]JEDIMASTER,♥♥♥♥♥♥ rng but damn gotta love that warhammer paint. People are exgerrating on how random these rolls are and climb and falling is stupid if you have armord units.
76561198079871031,Not Recommended,276810,24957071,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mistgun,Nice game at the beginning but rely too much on a broken RNG. Morever the mission difficulty is first of all the random positionning when you start a mission. It is not rare that you start a game with 2 - 3 character surounded and the rest at the other side of the map. The game was promising but the broken RNG and random placement missions kills it.
76561197977211401,Recommended,276810,18382628,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Owned this game in early access.  Towards release didnt like it.Came back to it now, and most of the problems are fixed, or at least not as bad as they used to be to the point where they're not noticable.Amongst other things, they added the ability to deploy your models on set deployment nodes, which while not perfect is much better than the completely random approach it used to be.The AI is, as far as is apparent, still just as terrible as it was (though making good AI is hard if not impossible so).  However the obscene AI buffs to make them ""competitive"" which never really worked have been toned down.  Also I have not once seen the AI fail a roll but then the game act as if they had succeeded, so whether that was an RNG/UI glitch or actual ""cheating"" it is no longer an annoyance like it used to be.Now this is a nice little tactical RPG, the combat is okay, kind of samey but fair enough.  The atmosphere is fantastic, though because there are too few models and such, it becomes repetative quickly.  The UI is nice, as it as much as possible tells you every factor in the actions you are going to take.  There is even a little campaign and stuff."
76561198067178204,Recommended,276810,25109521,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Miowm,A+ game with moderate difficulty. the major defect is that you could not deploy you troop on the map and you take a long time to look for suitable position. plus some enemies could be stuck during battle
76561198020252982,Not Recommended,276810,24906889,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ballentyne,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. But.... this is nothing like the Mordheim I knew from tabletop. I know a lot of people like it, and fair enough. Maybe they have more time on their hands, maybe they like people leaping out of nowhere and killing your characters stone dead from full health in one hit. Maybe they like it when you have 3 people around a weak enemy and he dodges every single hit and then starts killing your guys who somehow can't dodge.Graphics are nice, the representations of the characters are nice, the way the characters are upgraded, have a variety of weapon loadouts, I like it all. The customisations I really like, it's nice. But the gameplay is aweful. I wish I could get a refund, but the game works as well as it can, mores the pity."
,Recommended,276810,23878787,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Your_big_shitter,Pretty Neato
76561198087827860,Not Recommended,276810,31349123,Posted: 24 April,all,jonus93,"I have wasted too much time on this game and feel even worse that I am taking the time to write a quick review (whcih I never do).  This game sucks.  It has great potential and I love the Mordheim concepts, but this is clunky, buggy and just hours of time sink with little pay off.  The between fight phases are cool and the only pay off after a couple games.  I would not spend my money on this if given a second chance....disappointed."
,Not Recommended,276810,31661284,Posted: 10 May,all,Fox,"Not mechanically similar to the tabletop version.Not bad, but definitely not fun enough"
76561198009067157,Not Recommended,276810,28217650,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sulfure,"Like others have written the idea of this game is good but the implementation is weak.Starting with the interface which is irrittating and clunky to navigate. This makes a quick battle impossible and each step takes up far too much time with nearly 30 minutes inbetween battles. Especially the way you navigate the map is just umbelievably silly making the deployment fase completely caotic. I know you want to simulate being blind but in the city but you could just click on where to place them. Also why is (m) not default map. Its a collection of small things like this which weigh down the initial experience.The aesthtic is cool and there is a plesant custmisation options for each caracter and different gampleay levels. The idea to develop your warband according to different beliefs and goals, brillinat, but it takes too long to get somewhere concrete. And its quite easyto just lose everything later in the game without being able to recuparate byreturning to easier missions.Gameplay wise its difficult too get into. I try it once in a while but there is a lot of information to get your head around which is not presented well at all. There is a tutorial but I feel like the way it explains thigs is to simplistic for the complexity of the game. Plus the difficulty is quite high. The opponent warbands always know where you are, seem to take less damage, dodge more and hit harder. Myabe that is because i dont understand the game but the game doesnt allow me to understand it as it punishes you immediately from the start. That would be fine but because its so slow and progression requires sucessfull mission you dont get anywhere and are just left frustated and feeling stupid.I really wanted to like this game but cannot because it is not something you can play relaxingly and i dont like being made to feel like an idiot."
,Not Recommended,276810,21607201,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,brokenspiders,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  The first mission in Campaign I couldn't even hit anyone, and within 3 turns every single one of my soldiers got one shot by the enemy.  So I fail, go back to the warband screen, only to find my Leader died, the rest of my army is injured, and I dont have the money to support more people.  So I managed to cobble together my reserves and play the second mission in the campaign.  Again, every single time I met the enemy I would miss and get one shot in return.  Quit that game and tried a different faction thinking that maybe I just picked a bad faction.  Nope.  Instead of my human mercenaries dying my Skaven ratmen just fled after most of them got one shot.Coupled with the slow framerates, having the game bug out and crash 3 out of 4 times I launch it, The long pauses during the enemies turn (which all the enemy troops get to go before you, just like they manage to one shot you, becaue the designers have zero sense of scale and balance) I would spend money on a different game.I bought this game during early access, so when the game came out fully I was no longer eligible for a refund.  I wish I could get a refund, as this game is going to be uninstalled and never reinstalled.  Don't waste your money like I did."
76561198008008944,Recommended,276810,25468373,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Reaper_Hawkmoon,Went to load in save and all of them said game over next to them all was at the start of game but 1 load any of them in and everything is locked shop shipments camp campaign all of it some one help
,Recommended,276810,32974861,Posted: 28 June,all,Kyesar<ADC>,This is one of my favorite games. it isn't a AAA title so it still needs some improvement.
76561198037542749,Recommended,276810,20202077,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Flash,Fun and interesting game. Definitely worth a look. Would love a 40k version
,Recommended,276810,20281681,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"""the"" Chase","This game is meaty. Just needs more variety (more races), better multiplayer matchmaking and faster load times and it will realize its full potential."
76561198075805042,Recommended,276810,25211543,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fevered-Dreamer,"Not for the faint of heart, but a game that is exceptionally worth playing all the same.  If you enjoy squad focused turn based strategy games give Mordheim a shot.  I tend not to go back to single player games, but Mordheim has had me returning for ages now, just don't too attached to any of your squad."
76561198047588102,Recommended,276810,20108434,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Nateman,"Highly recommended for those suffering low blood pressure. After you miss a 10th attack in a row with 85% hit chance your blood pressure will be sky high!Even better, you will get a short but energetic arm workout when you throw your laptop through the nearest window.A++++ would have my spirit crushed again!"
76561197977260302,Recommended,276810,20201019,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wibble the Obscure,"I was put off buying this game because of all the harsh reviews.But i bought it anyway and did this little thing the new kids are doing called 'research'.If you look in the Community Hub there are plenty of 'how-to' guides. I did not bother with the game tutorials i just read the how-to play guides and have found that this game is f#cking awesome.Yes, it is tough, very tough... (just had some Sisters hand me my ar$e) but if you follow the suggestion in the guides you can do a lot to avoid dying in the way the negative Reviewers seem to rant hard about.Stick together... focus on taking down 1 opponent at a time... Play the game as if it was your own flesh-and-blood on the line and you will enjoy this."
76561198002649439,Recommended,276810,25180523,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,pelgerean,"Had this game for a long time but didn't play it much at first because it seemed extreamly buggy, infact it still is. That aside this is a fun and challenging game and not a bad translation of the original tabletop game.A second critisism is that the tabletop game had a wide variety or warbands and at the moment this game is limited to 5. Whilst the developers have added warbands, i'm not sure if they will be adding more."
76561198002296192,Recommended,276810,25318352,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Oria,"Awesome fun. Does get a little repetitive after a while, but was worth what I spent on it"
76561198020693964,Recommended,276810,33595755,Posted: 16 July,all,Gaijin Deviant,"Basically everything that Ranylyn has said above, a fantastic tactical RPG that will take you a while to learn the mechanics but when you do, you will have a blast. Very addictive and ultra nerdy."
76561197977227063,Recommended,276810,22188408,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,#GENOCIDE,"How to fix this game, (already quite fun and playable just a ♥♥♥♥ing grind to be honest.) the main problem with this game is you constantly do life or death missions with the possibility of losing your entire force at any time, now unfortunately since the pay offs for the missions are pitiful, that makes the game exceeding high play time for very little reward at times.Climbing everest is tough doing it 5 times in a row is non sensical."
76561198031892155,Recommended,276810,22208043,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RobLogFett,Fun and different not perfect but still fun. Even if it can be quite brutal no matter what the battle dificulty is.
,Recommended,276810,22539968,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DMUA,"A good adaption of the board game, Where you take your men into this post apocoliptic city and get loot.Like Munchkin. But with more rat ogres. And death."
76561198006566774,Recommended,276810,22680934,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Spinner,If you like a good Tactical fight then this game is for you. I am a long fan of Warhammer but never played Mordheim and I must say its a blast. It can be a little frustrating when someone you have leveled up gets smashed but thats one of the things that make the game even better.
76561198037243515,Recommended,276810,31657198,Posted: 9 May,all,GoD p@RTicle,"I have played this game since it launched. And I loved it. Its a squad based game, in the way X-COM is a squad based game. Every week (of game time) you can go out on a mission. Every mission has its own obejctives. The game play though is much different from X-COM as there is no cover system. But the environments are complex as in there is plenty of scope to sneak up on opponents or be surprised by an ambush etc.This game is not for the faint of heart. They actually reduced the difficulty after everyone was complaining that it was too difficult. I have seen the a lot of reviews of frustrated souls who have not recommended this game and their only grouse is that it is too difficult. Thats because you have to be very careful about picking your missions and also you will fail some missions. Believe me you can beat the game once you learn the mechanics. The guys with the bad reviews just couldnt figure it out.CODM has an extensive and challenging single player campaign. In fact I havent really ever played a multiplayer match and my guess is it will be fun. There is a skirmish mode for you to go one on one against your friend using one of the factions that are in the game. Each faction is fairly different from each other as expected of a multiplayer strategy game.The graphics are not the best, yeah maybe things coulc be improved, yet the gameplay is awesome and I highly recommend it to people who like strategy and roleplaying games."
76561198035496220,Recommended,276810,33855046,Posted: 28 July,all,WeEEEener,"Since there seem to be a lot of troll-reviews currently out there, i kinda feel the need to write a positive review for this game. I bought this one during summer sale, for a very fair price of 10 €. I also bought some of the dlc including the vampire faction.For all those who fear a challange that brings back some spirit of old games where the possibilities of saving the game were limited and the learning curve was an issue: you might want to skip this; Especially if you like your comfort zone a lot. Remember Warhammer: Dark Omen? Even today i'm still looking for games who feel a little like this pearl. And if you do remember: this game was hard and unforgiving, but so is Mordheim. But this is not a flaw. It is part of the experience. And yes, the odds are that your first or even the second  warband you create will die in desperation. But remember: who of you out there was able to finish Dark Omen during first playthrough?For all those out there who love the Warhammer setting, turn based combat with big challanges and the huge satisfaction that is brought along by taking them on and the possibilities to create quite individual characters in an tactical-rpg'esque-game, you should give this one a try. At least the next time it is around during a sale.The only thing that hinders this game to be top notch for me is the fact that the story telling and the immersion is a little poor.Some  facts from my perspective:Pros.:-great setting and atmosphere-challanging gameplay- decent graphicsCons.:- sometimes questionable AI (but still fine overall)- lackluster story tellingOverall verdinct: a solid 7.5/10, easyly a 8.5/10 for Warhammer fans."
,Recommended,276810,33827091,Posted: 27 July,all,Dagrum,good game but deployment and overall game speed need some work
76561198036329020,Not Recommended,276810,28112498,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ybicmikey,"Stupidist f&*^ing game ever.  Might be fun if there was any balance to the game, but there isn't. everytime you run into an undead war band you get wiped out. you never get to attack against the undead, or like one attack to 6 of theirs. all other war bands you can compete with, not undead.  I even spent all my level up and skill points raising my fear and terror levels into the 70-80% pass range, on my last wipeout, of 10 people maybe 3 would get to attack per round, and then would miss 50% of the time.Waste of time, waste of money."
,Recommended,276810,29232433,Posted: 13 January,all,joeyichi,Not much to say... but I'll try anyway.I flippin love this game.... well i tryede!
76561198007032985,Recommended,276810,24892850,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,LazerVolk,"Mordheim: City of the Damned .An awesome game that simply needs polishing or at least modding....A hardcore game , 300% hardcore . I love it and it reminds me of X-Com: Enemy Unknown.There are several thing i LOVE .1:NO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SAVING .2:It`s Warhammer Age of Sigmar.3:Factions ( Skaven (LOVE EM ) , Adepts of Chaos (Disappoting) , Sisters of Sigmar (never heard of em) , Mercs and Witch Hunters (OP if you ask me))4:Customization is cool but could be better.5:The city is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing ! Traps , shady pathways , destroyed buildings and mutation starting to take over the city .But there are thing that could be some much better in this game like:1:Skills are kinda lame ... Some skills seem to even harm you if you learn em. I would preffer X-Com like skill system or Faction exclusive skills with neutral skills mixed in or something like that ....2:Objectives : Poorly executed. Why? Cause to win you need to do a Primary objective and it`s simple . Route or kill all enemies , easy peasy lemon in your eyes squeeze ( Gives you 2xp) . Secondary objective kill and loot marked enemies(easy) , collect warpstones(easy-hard) , steal opponents flag and bring it back(Brutal) . (Gives you 3XP) Last one is total BS .... Primary 2xp secondary 3xp .... Just meh....3: Battle difficulty  : What is difficulty level does in battles ? It buffes your enemies with more health and damage that`s it ... lame as hell ((( It is rewarding though but there is no point in getting stronger because your enemies will ALWAYS be as strong as you are and have the same unit setup. So as i said lame as hell... GIve enemies more units or allow enemies to have reinforcements like in campaign missions...4: Units death : You would think that if your unit died ... well he died. Nope not here , we have KO`s here with an axe or a greatsword to the head . LOL . But here is a thing your unit that was KOed has a random chance of dying , you won a battle but your leader got KOed and BANG he is dead FUN!!! Otherwise there is an injury system that is really cool but at the same time I just hate it .... It just doesnt make sense to me ...5: Ai turns : are SLOW as hell when you dont see their units ...All in all a fun game, soooooo .... BUY IT ! Me want MORE games like this =^_^=PS: I WANT ORCS AND MORE UNITS !!!"
76561198024599399,Recommended,276810,14720342,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Baron,"I absolutely love the old warhammer lore, so I bought this game just to support that; I've wanted it ever since the MMO servers went down. That said, in 2015, strategy games do not have to be turn based to be tactical, and I feel like playing this leaves something to be desired. I feel like they have a very limited budget or something, which is a shame because the world itself is awesome.Edit: Updating my review since playing more with updates since early access. If someone were to put everything they've added to this game, instead to Vermintide, the result would be one of the best multiplayer fantasy slashers ever made, with a massive fanbase of active players. As it stands, the core game mechanics are turn based and dice rolls. The warhammer board game I played in the 80s had similar mechanics. I'm switching my review to positive because they really did add great content and Fatshark should take note. But in 2016 I can't go from playing Witcher 3, to rolling dice to see whether or not I can jump off a ledge for my turn."
76561198007807564,Recommended,276810,21682600,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Drunetovich,"This game deserves positive review, got about done with xcom2 legend ironman, and switched here - ironman\permadeath works way better in this game because you have more units to spare. Also very cool how your guys can loose arm and still fight on, attack of one armed man with a club is a terrifying sight =)"
76561198075205422,Recommended,276810,23755610,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Rider of Doom,Why do the Witch Hunter's hold their swords from the pommel? They look so stupid. CHOKE UP YOU ARE SWINGING THAT THING!
,Recommended,276810,26764693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eeer e,Great fun if you enjoy warhammer and autistic spreadsheeting. Decent fun if you just enjoy warhammer and are willing to look up builds.SKAVENBLIGHT
,Recommended,276810,20993522,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SHALE,"Im suprised with this warhammer game, good one!"
76561198005618390,Recommended,276810,27447053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gravel,"This game took me along time to really get into, My time played should show that I gave it a chance and have really come to love it. it is a slow pased very stregic gang vs gang turn based rpg. set in a rich lovingly made universe."
76561198094055076,Recommended,276810,25318241,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,JackTheBadWolf9,"For the sake of your soul, START WITH SKAVEN! Seriously, trying to learn to play with anyone else is very difficult. I hated the game till I switched over from the Empire. PROish tips: try to keep everyone together, use your chest on your wagon, always pick ""launch and deploy"" and put your people together, Heavy armor is not worth it, enemies can charge through ambushes, put points into intelligence because BEING STUNNED SUCKS! Think thats all.I really reccomend this game, it is amazing if you can learn to love it. It does take about a solid 15 hours of crying before the joy begins."
76561197963624833,Recommended,276810,25373945,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,corknut,"Great tabletop adaptation, brutal but fun the whole time."
,Recommended,276810,26235786,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Robthebob,"Lots of fun if anyone has ever played the tabletop version. I got this a long time ago and am extremely pleased how the game has developed over time. IF you like dark, unforgiving games, this is the one for you. All your people will take perma injuries and possibly die. Dont get too attached!"
,Recommended,276810,25989326,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,치 The Spearman 치,"First off, the game system is more akin to Valkyria Chronicles, where you control individual units in real time in between turns. It's not so much XCom.Second, reviews about brutal RNG and the pointlessness of advancement because AI always matches you are only partially correct. The game has a Roguelike Veteran system that levels up along with your warband. It will make contacts and get small bonuses, so that even as your Warbands scrub one after the other, the next one will start with better stocked shops and get other small bonuses.Also, while the game will match stat point increases into your Warband pretty much point for point, it doesn't (seem to) take equipment into account. Well equipped soldiers can start to slowly start to seem more powerful than the competition.Finally, missions come in Normal, Hard, and Brutal difficulty, and there are few enough deadlines that it's feasible to simply skip days when there aren't any ""easy"" missions available."
76561198010310778,Recommended,276810,25361711,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Synapticsin,Worth it even if you are not a hardcore warhammer fan.  Permadeath... enough said.
76561197978742688,Recommended,276810,25594431,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Bony,Many people whining about the random numbers generator.
76561197990233689,Not Recommended,276810,26239771,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ruoste,"This game is total crap. Rpg in a name only. All AI teams are mirror images of player warband, if you bring leader and three heroes to the battlefield, thats what you will see pitted against you. Every match you walk into has a high chance of being your last just because of crappy luck. If you make it out alive and inflict damages, great, but guess what, next warband you come across has none of those.Sometimes you run into harder missions, they just give a percentile of 10% to 30% more damage and hit points to the ai troops. Utter crap."
,Not Recommended,276810,33686164,Posted: 20 July,all,Shmidley,"FYI the multiplayer in this game suffers from severe desynch issues that make it essentially unplayable. In effect, there is no multiplayer.edit: Also, consider that pointing out a simple technical flaw that renders a large portion of the game non-existent garnered downvoting and the deeply insane comments below."
76561198135867309,Not Recommended,276810,29772224,Posted: 7 February,all,Alternative Roo,"I really wanted to like this game as it's a Warhammer game where I can finally play the Skaven faction, but I just can't reccomend it.1) The game has the illusion of mobility. In fact you can only really climb up and down things not go through doors or windows.2) The enemy even at the start (especially at the start) is way, WAY better than you. The AI isn't that smart but you don't need to be when you hit like a truck*The enemy always has better equipment and skills you can't access**I had a general henchmen kill my hero while my hero kept rolling misses***I had an entire game where I didn't land one attack even with an 80%+ hit chance3) You can fail a mission and still have to sit through the entire enemy turn just to fail your moral check afterAll in all, don't buy this game. It was a massive disappointment."
76561198033241450,Not Recommended,276810,32209804,Posted: 5 June,all,carefreewill,"The RNG in this game is utterly broken. I've run a handful missions, all complete disasters. My team almost never hit on 70%-80% chances, and the enemy almost never missed. This happened again and again, the random function doesn't work right, it's either broken or outright cheating to create the illusion of difficulty. Fight after fight I miss and wiff and the enemy takes me apart; twice the enemy warband had identical composition to mine, same faction, same units, almost identical equipment, and they crushed me taking almost no casualties. I've had enough and I would recommend that if you're interested in a game with honest difficulty rather than the psuedo-difficulty of a busted RNG then go look elsewhere.Edit: I've read some other reviews and discussions and I'll admit, the RNG might not be broken. It's the balance; in order to compensate for the idiot AI the enemy team is given an advantage, a way too big advantage. I've just given the game one last chance, and I got team wiped on my first mission. I missed literally every attack and I got critted several times at least. The game balance is terrible, the AI is way too overpowered, especially for early game. I hadn't seen the enemy for the first couple of turns, set my units to ambush, but didn't take. The enemy came round a corner, charged and I lost two people without being allowed to react.I wouldn't be so upset at this if I felt the game offered options, if I felt like this was my fault, but it's like this on the first mission, where you're equipment and unit options are very limited. There's no tactical options outside of outnumber them in melee and MAYBE they'll run away (more common they stick around and kill all the people surrounding them, who constantly fail to hit them). This isn't fun xcom or fire emblem tactical challenge, there's no interesting strategic or tactical thinking or options, no way to swing the balance in you're favour with clever tactics, you're just stuck facing an opponent with a huge statistical edge and the only option is to either exploit AI bugs (the not fun kind of tactical thinking, akin to exploiting pathing bugs in dark souls) or just hope the RNG swings your way for once."
,Recommended,276810,13209855,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Drewsko,I can only pray that they can bring 40k table top to the PC!
76561197971562414,Not Recommended,276810,30695058,Posted: 23 March,all,Korsobar,"What would otherwise be an enjoyable, if slow, turn-based squad tactics game is completely ruined by terribly designed campaign missions with ridiculous, poorly explained goals.  Even so, they would be survivable if it wasn't for the pathetic gimmick of endlessly spawning enemies, a poor substitute for actually designing a challenging enemy team."
,Not Recommended,276810,24768446,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,<AKA>Dolphin,Praised be the refund function
,Not Recommended,276810,30822760,Posted: 29 March,all,royalmage7,"First off... Its not Hardcore, its just and RNG fest that sucks the fun out of everything...I wanted to like it, I really did (you can tell by the number of hours I spent trying to like it). Why is it so bad? Well you can go in with a flawless strategy only to miss 7-8 straight attacks (all that say they have a 85+% hit chance), and all of a sudden you are on your back foot. To make things worse the races are about as unballanced as they can be. One race forces you to pass a fear test simply becaues they are next to you (failing this fear test makes the above RNG fest EVEN WORSE), another race just always has 1 more attack than the other races (holy crap man, thats somewhere between 100% more damage and 25% more damage depending on the stage of the game). I could go on all day as to what ruins this game when it could have been really good, but ehh I have wasted enough of my time on it already...I am glad I got they game for about $7, because I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I spent $40 on this RNG Fest..."
76561198023300985,Not Recommended,276810,26006590,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,vints22,"great game, lack of intel in missions completly ruins it. wasted hours on many occasions bc i didnt know this particular guy HAD to survive, even if he is an fu***** hostile.... and its bugy"
,Recommended,276810,27926030,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Death's Assassin,"Awesome game, if you like crowds of Rats coming to hack you up and you can kill them before they do. This game is for you."
,Not Recommended,276810,22613522,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,JuliusTzuKhanTheGreat,game is so close to being awsome but will make you regret spending you money on it.with 96 hours into this game i have not even gotten through 3 of the main storey missionsTHE BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THIS GAME IS THEY DO NOT HAVE AN ACCURATE PERCENTAGE TO HIT DISPLAY. YOU HAVE 80 % CHANCE TO HIT WITH A SPEAR AND YOU MISS 4 ♥♥♥♥ING HITS BECAUSE WITH ENEMY STATS AND MODS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT YOU HAVE A 15 % CHANCE TO HIT. THIS HAS LEAD ME TO THROWING MY HUMAN CAPTAIN AGAINST THE SISTERS OF SIGMAR LEADER WITH MAYBE 25 WOUNDS LEFT IN CC AND GETTING BEATEN TO DEATH BECASE I THOUGHT I WOULD EASILY BE ABLE TO POP IN AND WITH AN 80% CHANCE TO HIT WITH A GOD DAMN SPEAR KILL THE ♥♥♥♥♥. This is how litereally the death of all of my warbands comes about. i just stopped playing because you need to go through several windows and read to many modifiers and then combine them for your real scores.
76561197964705299,Not Recommended,276810,16283827,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Toprominhood,"Ok. So why the hell is this game so much for so little? I know this is an early access but there is hardly anything here. At least have a short campaign ready or something? I feel like they should be paying me to play this at such a poor level of represenation. So bad... Sure it has potential but you can say that about anything. I would love to see this game be great and be fun to play but this is simply the worse pre-release i've seen. For the love of god, either add more content before releasing your display or pay us to give you feed back on your idea and or lower the price to 5 bucks or something more worth its current state... I'm sure it has potential but holy jesus, don't buy this game until they have a campaign or something more playable ready and then see what the reviews say after that."
76561198004430537,Not Recommended,276810,19222314,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Spire,"This is an odd review. The game plays fair, but the mechanics are not for the faint of heart. The quick anwser is that I would not recommend it to other's as it's particularly niche and unforgiving. Frankly if this fits someone's niche perfectly I doubt they even will look at the reviews, however I can see casual players being burned.My beefs:i) Pacing is slow. This includes playing/fighting on the map, but also the time investment needed to progress is quite large. Almost into the grindy realm.ii) Unforgiving. You can literally spend hours honing your character, picking spells and skills, spending alot of your gold on them, only to have a rough few hits lead to an injury that truncates that character.iii) Playstyle becomes defensive. Largely due to the previous point, your effort to save your character's from any hit means you constantly are trying to swamp any resistance, which can lead to long games adjusting for position which just exasterbates the drain on enjoyment.iv) Repetative. The leveling system is beautifully detailed, however the large number of games you play to level your characters tend to not diverge much from one to the other. This game is more enjoyable in short sessions as long one's tend to become monatonous.v) Frustrating. The game is successful at getting you to grow attached to your main characters, however there is some maps that put you in a difficult position that often leads to a rout of your men as you fight to stay alive. When such things happen, it is needlessly frustrating as the punishment onthe loss can be quite huge, from loss of all your hardearned weapons, injuries dimishing the characters, to permanent deaths of your characters. Frankly this game is not for the faint of heart, nor the easily discouraged.So personally I'm the typical audience for this game, and I'd pass it off as a 6/10 for other's of a similar mindset. However I'd mark it just 4/10 for the general player. As the points above will have a much larger impact on their playtime."
76561197990026322,Not Recommended,276810,18685834,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ArchLord,"I really tried to like this game, because I love XCOM style games. Unfortunately after about a dozen hours of playtime I am requesting a refund. Every map has different objectives and tons of loot to scavenge for but you never get a chance to do any of them because the enemy AI rushes you and you are forced to kill them and then the map ends. Also there are too many frustrating things in this game that just suck the fun out of it. There are neutral monsters on the map that can easily wipe your level 0 - 1 warband and sometimes they just randomly spawn right next to your deployment zone EVEN ON THE FIRST MISSION OF THE GAME! The animations are really bland and there isnt much strategic depth to the battles, its just dice rolls and luck whack away try to outnumber them thats all it is.The warband system of progression between campaign missions is very nicely done, but unfortunately the actual gameplay of the battles is just not fun. This game has potential but I cant force myself to play it any longer."
76561198069810897,Not Recommended,276810,34268959,Posted: 15 August,all,[VAK] General Huntek,Clunky
,Not Recommended,276810,29923913,Posted: 14 February,all,Trickster,"I like the concept, but forced ironman mode + missing on a 95% hit chance, then the enemy getting past my 65% dodge chance, to crit my commander two times in a row, maiming him (which lowers your capped stats) is kind of completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I've had the same commander the whole game, now I'll have to get a new one or deal with a cripple.  The undead commander is insane too, nothing except my own commander can attack near it.  I feel like, at least early on, that faction is a pay to win from what I can tell.  I already paid to play, im not forking out more money for an easier ride.If this game wasn't a forced ironman (no saving) I would reccomend it.  I like having a team and building them up, but now I've lost 8 hours of progress to stacked RNG."
76561198025200773,Not Recommended,276810,24298002,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Ningasak,"I picked this game up on sale. I have to admit I'm a huge Warhammer fan from the wayback. When all the armies had one book and one gear list.This game is fun at first...Then as you advance further into the game it just keeps punishing you for trying. Let me explain. The developers made this hardcore, or 'Ironman' mode for you xcom players. They also included a wound system kind of like in blood bowl. If one of your team gets 'knocked out' they roll on the wound table. The possible outcomes are slight injury, no harm done, or a wound. These add a negative quality and then a slight positive trait or, (and this is a big or) OR your unit dies. In bloodbowl you can buy things that let you re-roll some of these in game effects. Rather than letting your star player die you can use a token, in the form of a team doctor, to re-roll. There are also re-rolls. This game however, spits in your face like a insane difficulty xcom 2 match. There is no way to reroll you just take whatever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it hands you.So that's not a huge deal. Units die, hardcore is cool right?Too bad this game forces you to grind like are a lap-dancer for 2 xp a mission (10 for level 1 and it scales up). A few things increase this total but in general you have to play normal mission safely grinding away. To do this you have to pay for scouts to get normal missions because they randomly assign missions. Even then enemy units have the ability to pick off a unit on the first or second round from poor starting positions and wounding occurs. This means you epic level 9 hero with bad♥♥♥♥♥skills just lost a leg or died. I'm assuming at some point late game you can just re-purchase units of higher level and this loss isn't so huge but at the level of gameplay I got to this basically junks my warband. At least in x-com when you lose, you lose. Like you can't fight the aliens win, story over. This game just leaves you with a warband full of corpses then gives you spare change to re-purchase units or start the grind all over again.I really wanted to like this game but it just doesn't reward, unlock, or present any new challenges. After a few matches you begin to see a trend in the game play. Same match, some crappy city map with bad jumps and dead ends caused by slightly ajar doors. Which has not been flustrating for just myself, as more than one review is plagued by complaints about terrain that just doesn't make sense. Seriously why can't I open a door...Finally, the last thing I feel the need to complain about is the terrible customization tool. They offer only 1 type of slot item in most areas, so 'one' helmet or lack there-of, as a choice. The colors are not set to colors, they are values, so helmet on, then color 1. These colors don't always match, like 16 isn't always blue for example. Sometimes 16 is a pink. Like the designers painted the units in colors, then set values to each paint job. The designers clearly thought that a blue and pink combo is a 16....This customization tool is junk and should have been scrapped, it makes xcom 2 look like they are master skin crafters rather than meth'ed Halloween costume designing rejects.Moral of the story...save your money. I’d buy it for $10 but only if I played too much bloodbowl."
76561197976682879,Not Recommended,276810,23961587,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,steevm,"I really wanted to like this game, and I am sure it is great if you are willing to invest a lot of time into learning it. Unfortunately, the difficulty level - at least for noobs with no experience of the TT game - is insane. Now for some people, that will be the appeal, and I say good luck to them. To other people - count me among them - if a game is too difficult, especially when starting out, it's a massive turn-off. I want to feel like I am progressing and learning the game while also feeling like I have a chance to win. With Mordheim, I never once felt like there was a chance that I was going to win a battle (I got totally wiped out each time I tried), and never once did I feel in control over the way things were going.I am sure that youcaninflucence events once you have got into the swing of things and learn how to exploit the AI's deficiencies. The question you need to ask yourself is: are you ever going to get to that point in the game? If you want ironman challenge from the start, and don't mind starting a new game every half an hour or so, then ignore this review and buy the game if it sounds like your thing. If you prefer a gradual progression and the ability to ramp up the difficulty later once you have a grasp of the basic mechanics, steer well clear. Chances are high that you will ragequit and not come back.The reason I asked for a refund is not because I hate difficult games, or have an issue with no save-scumming and permadeath (I've been playing nethack et al since before most of you were born), or don't like complex games. I do, but I like them to draw me in and give me the feeling of progression and an ability to influence events. Mordheim failed to do either of those for me. It ticks all the boxes for me, but just didn't click.So this thumbs down isn't so much a ""OMFG this game S|_|XX0R"" but a warning to other players who may be on the fence about whether to purchase it or not. You want to be sure that this is really your cup of tea. I also appreciate that with <2 hours of playtime, my opinion is hardly well formed, but that's the cut off period for steam refunds and I don't feel like I am going to come back to this one."
76561198039842892,Not Recommended,276810,17339058,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,bbetts03,"This game is not ready for early access, let alone production.The positive:- True to the Mordheim theme- Reminds me of Valkyria Chronicles in mechanicsThe negative:- Very limited set of features.- No story, very little context.- Zero ambiance or mood.- Horrible load times.- You can spend an hour making a warband, but you won't have any worthy opponents.- AI is...not quite there.Disappointed in myself for buying in to the hype. I certainly won't put any additional money towards this project until it launches; and I'm dubious that it ever truly will. Development pace is GLACIAL."
76561198008586313,Not Recommended,276810,30266318,Posted: 1 March,all,Nomeus de Guerre,"If the devs have ever heard of the concept of difficulty settings they happily opted NOT to include one in this game. Love the IP but starting of having my heroes repeatedly slaughtered by an OP AI isnt my idea of entertainment. I will be asking for a refund because my rouge like-slot is already filled by Darkest Dungeon and even that pain-fest wont start murdering you whole-sale until later in the game.Update: Ok, no refund as 3.1h is more than the Steam non-negotiable 2h limit. Fine. Ill keep it in my list as a reminder to always google ""[game name] sucks"" before I go a shoppin.This game is a so called ""rouge-like"" and the chars you invest time and interest in WILL perma-die (no repsawns, no save point) if they (you) are unlucky - and you will be. The game is rigged in favour of the AI. It takes a special kind of player to enjoy this type of game and it is far from mainstream. I have read ""mew mew thats what the table top was like mew mew"" but there is a massive difference in building a char digitally for hours and hours (in theory, I bailed out early, seeing the signs) and moving some pewter back and forth from your game box each game. Seriously, if your not into sado stuff IRL, dont buy this game."
,Not Recommended,276810,19379649,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ulysses,"This game is going to make you angry.You will get angry because early game sucks.You will get angry because enemy AI have unfair advantages in stats - flat bonuses.You will get angry because AI don't use any advanced tactics - it just swarms you.You will get angry because swarm of buffed Sisters of Sigmar don't care about your advanced tactics.You will get angry because your plans will fail due to unability to use abilites that were totally usable a second ago.You will get angry because AI knows exactly where you are once it sees you and will avoid all your ambushes.You will get angry because your charge distance will be♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to godly, ambush-avioiding, charge of AI.You will get angry because you will fail few attacks in a row, while enemy will hit you every... single... time... AI just knows where it hurts the most.You will get angry because your longterm plans will get ♥♥♥♥ed up by AI that don't flee, disengage or anything like this because it cares only for short term victory.You will get angry because mission will end moments before you finish secondary objectives.You will get angry because mission rewards will suck 90% of time which makes failing secondary objectives (that give you godly rewards) that much more painful.You will get angry because you will roll badly and character you developed towards becoming an archer will get silly arm mutation preventing him from carrying bow ever again.You will get angry at controls that seem designed for consoles.You will get angry at UI which hides all the usefull information untill you discover shortcuts for logs, stats etc. Psst checkout keybings *wink wink*Finally you will get absolutely bat♥♥♥♥♥♥carazy when you encounter bug. Seriously.Unless you have patience of a saint this game will definitly not be fun. Being excellent tactician helps, but sometimes you just roll badly on deployment or get swarmed by the SoS... or fail all that crucial 80% rolls.Its nothing new really. We've seen all of the above in X-COM, Blood Bowl, Xenonauts... However, in those games when you won a mission you really felt like you accomplished something. I know I did. Got some alien bodies, ship, saved country from leaving the council, whatever. You got that crucial dose of happines that allowed you to survive all the pain you suffered.In Mordheim: City of the Damned your victories are not worth a damn and defeats are absolutely brutal."
,Not Recommended,276810,30024195,Posted: 18 February,all,Dyre the Stranger,I wanted to get into this game but the weak RNG and nonsensical combat disgusted me. Units with no armor and a kitchen knife would take as much damage and deal as much as a swordsman with a shield. This♥♥♥♥♥♥bugs me.
76561198106460742,Not Recommended,276810,33731242,Posted: 22 July,all,ZincGoblin,"When the number one tactic (Ambush) doesn't work, it gets really dumb watching enemy troops passing the ambush zone of your own troops then walk up to them and hit them, not charge by the way."
76561198008527070,Not Recommended,276810,33795147,Posted: 25 July,all,Spark,"This game could be fun, but it's ultimately spoiled by a very poor interface.Managing to move your character from point A to point B is a daunting experience, and poses a far greater challenge than the enemy's AI. Perhaps I could invest a lot of time to learn how maps are built to realize how to have my toons do what I mean them to do.Or perhaps I could spend my time playing having fun with a better designed game.Too bad, Mordheim could have been such a great game with a good interface such has XCOM's one."
76561198006684987,Not Recommended,276810,33782404,Posted: 25 July,all,frostscythe66,"I wish I could recommend this game, but I really can't due to the said state of affairs with regards to mission balance and risk vs reward. Rng is absolutely devasting in this game, and can ruin the most careful planning. You can lose a normal mission, which is 1 of the lowest ratings you'll find, in part due to bad rng. You can surround an enemy hero 3 to 1 and still waste a huge amount of time trying to take him down, while your own heroes will lose 1v1. 1 Mission ruined a promising Sisters of Sigmar run because I was stunned 3 times in a row, and enemies were landing every blow, while I missed 3 times in a row. Each loss reprsents a huge lose of vital men and material that is very difficult to replace and there seems to be a high probability of receiving debilitating injuries each time a hero gets knocked out of the fight. This game treats a rout as if your character was knocked out during a fight, meaning you have a high chance of losing an entire squad. My last mission cost me 6 Sisters, 1 died, and 5 received wounds that put them out of action for 2 or 3 days. If you want a game that arbitrarily punishes you, then this is the game for you."
76561197971230372,Not Recommended,276810,33838276,Posted: 27 July,all,RomeoOneCharlie,"Bought it. Spent an hour going through the tutorial. Played the first mission: about as exciting as watching paint dry.Good if you like spending ages looking at stats which, ultimately, lead to 'hit' or 'miss'.Bad if you like XCOM2."
76561198032729434,Not Recommended,276810,21092381,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,repairman1988,MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS MISS
76561197972543042,Not Recommended,276810,33254277,Posted: 4 July,all,Jamuel L. Sackson,Starts off fun but glaring game design flaws end up making this more rage inducing.
76561198253645929,Not Recommended,276810,31788449,Posted: 16 May,all,jerinkic,"I would not reccommend this game. I like it and the mechanics and graphics are sound. However, the DLCs are false advertising. I did not pay for them and still face the Vamps, Witch Hunters and Globadiers against me in the game. So how is it a DLC if without downloading anything there are all these things in the vanilla game already coded and rearing to go? I find it offensive that someone decided to falsely advertise this.Calling this content a DLC also sets up expectations. I did not expect to face any of these, as I did not pay for their respective DLCs. Lo and behold, after 30-odd hours I decide to set up a new warband and the first mission I am on I run into Vampires. Basically could have just abandoned the battle right at the start and maybe gotten better results."
,Not Recommended,276810,23796969,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Poop Fairy,"Yea, apparently the devs patched an updated that more of less ripped the previous patches off and left the game open to continuous crashing for many people. I bought the game yesterday so luckily I can request a refund.  The game was pretty fun, but if I wanted to crash continuously I would buy a bumper car.I might buy it again in a few months, but realistically I will probably forget about this game and move on."
76561198007645492,Recommended,276810,31654152,Posted: 9 May,all,Kelly502Inf,"This is a fantastic game, I loved the Games Workshop tabletop games and Mordheim City of the Damned animates the tabletop game. It's dark, grim, and you had better be careful! Use strategy and careful planning, if you don't your warband will die! I've read reviews that are negative and I think those guys just want to run through and get stuff for free... This game takes careful planning on the fly! You had better leave your ranged hired men up high and in the rear, once they get leveled make sure you arm the ranged with meelee weapons! No for the rest of your warband do your best to back them up with ranged and each other. A lot of times your warband gets split up, so look around the map and find a common direction to get them back together!! Fight, use your items, and warband with care, but don't be scared to make decisions! It WILL have you on the edge of your seat, you WILL get upset when your warband members get hit and or taken out. It's all in the fun of the game!I love Mordheim! I highly recommend it for those who want to dive in and get lost into a great game! This isn't a skim the surface, and play on a whim, it's a dedicated game so if you have the time dive right in!"
,Not Recommended,276810,20057607,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RTMPro,"Was very happy with the ease of uninstallation & Steam providing me my money within 48 hours.I was quite interested in this game.  So I got it 33% off during the Steam sale.What a major disappointment.  Other than online play, you can only do 1 campaign match (win or lose) per day.  Online & Campaign are the only matches that provide XP for your characters.  AND, only the characters that live get any XP.    That was my first issue...But, I figured, I can live with that...so, I'll still give it a go.The tutorial wasn't very helpful.  It was ok, but a lot wasn't explained, or the things were locked during the tutorial which you don't know about until outside of the tutorial...etc, etc...now to finish the tutorial battle...OMG these rats suck!  Other than the big hulk one, he's good.  The other die in 2 hits.  Took hulk & killed everything, tutorial over!Now that I know the basics, I'll start the campaign.  Definitely not choosing those rats, they're horrible!  Hmm...let's give humans a try.  Get into battle, o look, against the rats!  This is gonna be an easy one.....NOT!  The rats have taken some kind of potion & now they're god like & kill my ""Hero"" in 2 hits...seriously!?  WTF?"
76561198297940809,Recommended,276810,22770885,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,gsantiagotoledo1,This is the best game ever made. Every other game pales in comparison.
76561198318996786,Not Recommended,276810,30364207,Posted: 6 March,all,W-prime,"I purchased this because of the challenge and I'm a Skaven fan, and it did set my expectations.....but what I did not realize is that it needs a HUGE amount of time and patience to progress. I have the patience but time (I have a day job, nuff said). If you're the type of person who sits and play games forever then give this a shot but If you're an average, casual type of gamer, and perhaps with a day job or busy schooling pick a faster paced RTS, there's a lot on Steam."
76561198091116542,Recommended,276810,28323077,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ronin,Turn-based dark souls.
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,276810,18271220,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,!!Science!!,Develop for another year
,Recommended,276810,25511586,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Microsoft ©,"You could stop at five or six stores, or just one!This is what people want today, dude. That is what people are asking for. They want to run a publishing company."
76561198005586215,Not Recommended,276810,20491686,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,RobinBad,"So, this is Mordheim, city of FRUSTRATION. If you want to buy this game, stop it! You better spend 1 or 2 $ and buy regular 6-dices IRL, you will get good RNG at least. Because RNG in this game makes playing it impossible. You could easyly get 5 misses in a row with probability success if each hit 80%. This means that enemy team gets free move. Game is pretty hardcore strategically and tactical, so this is your mission failed. And one failed mission is failed squad (i. e. failed campaign attempt), because you get permament debuffs and loose equipement. All after  one combat turn with this crazy RNG. You never get to see cool skills or units or equipment, just endless new squad starts with basic garbage and ""RNG Game OVER"" on mission 2, or 3, or 4 (very unlikely further).If you ever tried ironman X-COM, you know what I mean. By the way, you can savescum X-COM at least, and see cool stuff, and complete game. No saves here.My advice  - think twice and hold your  money, this game plays random numbers with intself and doesn't need player."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,276810,21581436,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Drax,"Bugs make this game unplayable with certain Radeon graphic chips. They are still present 2nd of March 2016. Devs are absent on their forums and refuse to give a refund. Steam also does not view the game being unplayable as a reason for refund.This game is only any good in multiplayer, but the mp-mode is so poorly made you'll need to organize through game-groups off game. They aren't very hard to find, but it's a real hazzle.Beyond these couple of game-killers M:CotD is ok."
76561198064691386,Recommended,276810,16198424,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[LB] Noodlerules,"This Game is Lots of fun! This game would be alot better if there was more armys and a working campaign.One thing i didnt like is the bugs in the game, like when you attack somebody through a window or when you attack near a wall and all you see is the wall for the animation."
76561198067421028,Not Recommended,276810,18751662,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,czyzewski97,the game gets a black screen 5 minutes into battale the sound and the controls still work but u cannot play because of the fact that u cannot do anything without actully seeing the game please let me know if u have the same problem or a fix
76561198052131604,Not Recommended,276810,19523840,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Alex,"Crap game, is the best way to sum it up. Has 2005 graphics. The gameplay is slow paced and confusing at times and very unfriendly to new players and I do mean very. Not to mention that the limited choices in warbands make it less than it is, players being unable to pick many of the most iconic characters from the Warhammer Universe. Plust the customization is very, very limited, but at least it's there,Bottom line, this might have been a decent game 10 years ago.Edit:Maybe this was too harsh at the time. I still think the graphics are terrible but I see some improvement through the new units. That's good. I supposed given enough support the deveopers will improve the game from several perspectives. I do however still find the lack of warbands and the high degree of difficulty new players face big factors that still determine me to advise people to not buy this game in it's current state."
76561198027267841,Not Recommended,276810,19532719,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mops_80,"Its all about luck with the rng, magic and skill trees are very underwhelming."
76561197971724523,Recommended,276810,19165730,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ImJustaBirdyToo,Wyrmstones for the Wyrmstone Throne.
76561198006889750,Not Recommended,276810,31474561,Posted: 30 April,all,raven8775,"Truely a roll of die game. The strategy is limited. Youre main strategy is not to have a guy surrounded and alone. This is hard as they often spread your men around and you have no map. The camera just pans quickly, going through wall as your only way of knowing where all your men are. Once youre in combat, it's just hack and slash and wait. Alot of potential but no where near fun. If you want to pay to be frustrated and confused, this is for you."
76561198043741643,Not Recommended,276810,31210208,Posted: 17 April,all,That One Scrub,"A terrible, RNG melee clusterf*** is all that awaits in this so-called ""strategy"" game. EVERY battle ends in a melee slugfest pileup. EVERY battle is determined by rolls, not skill. Do. Not Buy."
76561197965922574,Not Recommended,276810,30325151,Posted: 4 March,all,Wiediger,"I really want to love this game. But I can't. There are alot about it I don't like. I love boardgames like this and when I saw it, I thought: ""Yes, now I can play even when my friends doesn't have the time"".I bought it pre-release, because I really was looking forward to this game. But all the fun of playing and getting a better and better warband, is just not there. You will always be the underdog. It's okay to have a hard mission once in a while, but when you time after time play against a warband that are as strong as you or stronger, then the level-up system makes no sense and since the enemy doesn't have the injuries your warband gets, it just becomes a bad taste in your mouth.Another thing I don't like about the game, is when you win a battle and you haven't picked up all the loot - it simply disappears.  So you have to remember to loot while being in combat. Normally you should be able to collect afterwards, since there won't be anyone to stop you.If you like the boardgames, stick to them. This is a waste of time and money.I hope they will make a new one and do it right. It can be a really good and fun game. Do better next time plz."
76561198063005164,Not Recommended,276810,18792936,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Arkaos,"I've never played a game where 90%-95% chance to hit means you will hit 1 in 5 times.  (Not counting dodges and parries, I mean that huge floating MISS word).  Never, until now.  That game is Mordheim."
,Recommended,276810,19205664,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,nazgull2k1,"This game is MUCH improved, and an enjoyable experience now that some real polish has been applied.If yer a fan, buy it.  If yer not a fan... you should still fuggin buy it... its FUN!"
,Recommended,276810,25170690,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,cuck fops,"its like having funBut replace the fun with losing everything you love in a bloody massacreall alone check failed: 98, target: 97"
76561198064249311,Recommended,276810,14318341,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,willbwaa,Needs character SKILL TREES
76561198139666948,Not Recommended,276810,29298949,Posted: 16 January,all,Jexsam31,"I bought Mordheim thinking it would be a fun but challenging squad based tactical RPG, it was not. The reason that it’s not stems from a couple of factors, the first one is the rng, on numerous occasions, I found myself missing far more than I should. A great example is during one fight, I failed 4 80% to hit checks in a row, hit once, and missed again. I very frequently got the impression that the number I was being shown for my hit chance was simply wrong. This applies to all elements of the game that are left to chance (and there are many). The next issue is that the enemies you fight will typically be so far out of your league that you won’t be able to win 4 on 1 encounters. I am not exaggerating, when I first started playing, a hero ,a leader,  and 2 of my henchmen lost in a fight with a vampire, they kept failing their fear checks (preventing them from being useful), and kept getting hit. Even in my more recent fights with vampires, I almost lost, I had a vampire lord outnumbered 5 to 1, and it took nearly 3 turns to kill him, he never once failed his all alone checks (I don’t even think he went through any for some reason), and even had enough points to use a skill to lower all of my defensive options for all of my soldiers and do 3 attacks in a row, which he almost never missed. This issue applies to all enemies, not just the vampires, but they were the encounters I remembered the most clearly, and were my kryptonite for some reason. I can’t recommend the game; it’s not that the game is too hard, but that it simply wants to artificially inflate your death count and failures by screwing you. You can start again, hire new soldiers to replace the crippled or dead ones, but it screws you because your new soldiers start out at base level, meaning that their overall combat utility is significantly lower than that of the rest of your squad, and you will suffer for it.If you still want to play this game, here are some tips; don’t take missions above the hard difficulty setting, try to save up your wyrdstone for a rainy day or required shipment, play the tutorials, always try to move as a massed force or decent sized squads, and focus more on keeping your squad alive than the secondary objectives. Also, be careful about charging, if there are any obstacles in the way your character will simply move forward and do nothing, wasting your offence points. One more thing, if your enemy is moving as a massed force, try to kill them one at a time, as quickly as possible and keep them pinned down or blocked, that or lose, those are your options for fighting massed enemy forces.Over my time playing, I’ve used ¾ of the original factions, gone through at least 5 maps with each, played 2 story missions, played around 40-50 maps in total (including the tutorials), and at the time of this review, put around 30 hours into this game.In summary, the game isn’t bad, but it’s not very rewarding because it typically punishes you in ways that seem unfair, be it a single enemy being able to kill most of your party, or the rng screwing you more than you can comprehend."
76561198015839323,Not Recommended,276810,30171180,Posted: 25 February,all,Jomick,"i tried refunding this game but i had bought it two weeks prior to playing it. gameplay is very clunky and unorganized, which sucks because i thought it looked like a good game"
76561198048522191,Not Recommended,276810,24016000,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,You're a towel,Game wouldn't even start. Went to the devs help and tried everything on the list including the read only and downgrading my drivers advice to no effect. Online it seems that this is a common problem and the devs are aware. Needs patching.
76561198055511364,Not Recommended,276810,23495605,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,CharterOak,"I want to give this game a thumbs up but I just can't. It's a wonderful foundation to a game, but it needs something more. As it is it's just too repetitive and has too many ways to upset you without enough progression or depth to warrant  continuing to come back to it after about the first week.Hard core is all good, but you still need something to keep me wanting to come back and this game lacks that.So if you want a game that will entertain you for a week, this game will do that.(though the price point is rather high for that) However, beyond the first week only the most hard core will be likely to come back to it.Keep working on it. Give it a good deal more depth and a reason to come back and I may give it another try.5.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,276810,19931597,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,hoohex,"its pretty rough at the moment, feels super russian made"
76561197975354571,Not Recommended,276810,19825042,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Buzz,"Pros:Excellent progression gets you attached to your warbandRisk of losing them can keep you on the edge of your seat - just one slip up for your favourite hero to be killed or messed up foreverQuite a few hours of gameplay before you realise the depth is fully realisedCons:Endlessly repetitive, especially combatLack of item diversity - no special findsFrustrating story missionsDumbass AIA little buggy (AI seem to find this more)What GW did to warhammer is unforgivable, and I want them to pay. One negative but fair review at a time."
76561197992384762,Not Recommended,276810,18331481,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Frost,Extremely poor UI. Frustrating controls. A real chore just to get a warrior to move and attack without accidentally ending your turn or ending up having to back out of a menu five times. No useful minimap. Overall very frustating experience.
,Not Recommended,276810,18329191,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Korhedron,"This is a disgrace of a game. Terribly bad loading times, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rewrite of the classic rules, ugly and horribly unfinished still..."
76561198139796037,Not Recommended,276810,29790569,Posted: 8 February,all,Brother Regular,This game has alot of potential but i must saay it's very complicated and the audio quality is below average.
76561198024274145,Not Recommended,276810,19554595,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Viking171986,"2/10Gameplay: The RNG favors the enemy too much as well.  if you're looking for a game that can tie you over till x-com 2 this is not the game you're looking for. Lack of early level build up means you're tossed to the wolves again and again. Your warband is next to useless and miss everything due to un-balanced RNG. Perma death is always a good thing for this game if I could kill off my warband myself instead of going through this again I would.Graphics: Looks worse than X-com with random framerate drops and poor optimization makes this game look and feel like you're playing a dated rip off than a warhammer game.Overall: 2/10 this game offers very little to warhammer fans or fans of the gameplay like myself save your money, and buy this game when it's a few dollars not 40$."
76561198070367714,Not Recommended,276810,21831815,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,SoulZero,"Pros:Interresting turn based system.Deep item selection.Lot of choices in and out of ""combat""Cons:Few ""classes""Uninteresting level up system.Bugged movement system - some times stairs don't work.Bugged spawning system - some spawn points can lead to charaters just being out of the combat from the start.The initiative system - its Flatout positive to have high initiative, meaning skavens ROCK in 1 on 1 combat, because they often are far ahead of damage, meaning the heavy armored slow mercenarys simply can't beat skavens in one on one combat.Poor rouge lite system - You can easiely be forced to restart the entire game, making recoverys near impossible quite often."
76561198116444556,Not Recommended,276810,21596224,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,hellenberg.jason,"I *LOVED* the tabletop version of this game.  However the UI is abysmal for this.  The graphics are good, but the mouse is INCREDIBLY sensative.I do NOT recommend this game"
76561197972670619,Not Recommended,276810,19586394,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Roberto Panderino,"I had great hopes for this. Early access made me worry that they had perhaps bitten off more than they could chew. Turns out I was right.Horrendous loading times regardless of spec.Stale boring combat.Idiotic A.I.Terrible terrible interface, default controls and poor explanation of skills.Random encounters which are either too easy or with enemies scaled to be impossible.%age odds to hit/dodge which are not based in statistical reality at all.Warband management and clothing choices out of a 1990's game, but it takes so long to even make your guys look distinct that you need the patience of a saint to go there.Multi-player is ok."
76561198176930411,Not Recommended,276810,19585229,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,mortenhendriksen18,Buggy and way too hard at the moment. To hit chance isnt at all reliable. Have had more than once where 76% to hit chance didnt hit for 5-6 in procession.
76561198117193972,Not Recommended,276810,27996673,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,chopper,"Great I thought, Mordheim...looks fun...and available in the sale.Buy it, install it...can't wait to play it.Break the habit of a lifetime and actually look at a few of the tutorials.OK not sure that helped but I can work it out......ummmm, not very intuitive play...never mind trial and error will work.20 minutes later I have no flipping idea what is going on. Reduced to hitting random keys in the hope something will happen. Things happen. No idea what those things are or what they do.OK I am impatient, I know that, but this game is clearly going to demand that I spend more time on it than I am prepared to just to get the basics.  This is my fault not the game's but I think my life is too short for this."
,Not Recommended,276810,18030874,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,seebnova,"It is not my cup of tea.. mainly because of poor strategical view. Top view is good but with very limited information and map is not clear. Once the play start, the camera consistently changes its view which gives me head-ache.. best to change the view to 3rd prospective similar to XCOM."
76561198010371596,Recommended,276810,23449085,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,RIC FLAIR WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing amazing WOOOOOO Skaven are out of control one game and you will be sold WOOOOO
76561198039005312,Recommended,276810,19652411,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Eleandar,dqsfdqsfsfdqs
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,276810,15219642,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Elmberry,"I have played this some hours by now and here are my thoughts. First it was hard for me to decide if I would recommend this game or not but decided not after some thoughts...Con:- The UI is a disaster. It feels like it was built for the console in mind and not at all for PC. UI is VERY cumbersome for a PC user. You can't use mouse to select different things directly in UI which feels extremely frustrating. The map is also cumbersome to use. Not at all user friendly.- In skirmish you will not be able to level up your characters which is a really negative thing as it's what I hoped to do. You can only level them up if you play multiplayer game. So you are indirectly forced to play multiplayer games even if you would like to play skirmish to have some fun. I don't know what the plan is here. I was quite disappointed because of this.- The game could have been more polished when you think about the price tag they sold it for and what you got. $20-$25 would have been a better option.- It's hard to see which character will do next turn in ""Initiative ladder"" as the color is not that easy to see (clear) in all environment. I hoped they make it easier to see the color of each character there. Clear blue color for characters in your army and enemies in clear red color. Neutral can have yellow color (if they are there).- Lack of information. You have for example an action to switch weapons, but you have no clue to what kind of weapon you will switch to. Also if I could hover the cursor over an ability or spell so I can get more information about that ability. I can't do that today as it's designed to be a console game in mind.Uncertain things:- Gameplay could have been more diverse. It feels you do the same thing over and over again regarding combat. Maybe it's because my character have not leveled up. My guess it's because of that.- It looks there is a risk they will add a cash shop in the game also. They have something called ""shop"" in the game which isn't included yet. But I really hope I am wrong here.Pro:+ It has great potential being something fun if they fix most issues I have with the game.+ I like the different factions and how they look like. Ravens looks very cool.+ They add from time to time new factions. I hope they will add some more.+ If you like Warhammer it's a must buy game for you.However I recommend you to buy the game when it's more polished. Right now it's not that fun to play. However I will probably change this review if they change/improve most things for the better I complained about."
,Recommended,276810,20070943,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,TheNandoShow,"Don't listen to the negative reviewers. If you're used to games holding your hand the entire way through, close this store page immediately before it's too late."
76561198040513142,Not Recommended,276810,28225325,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Spaztar,"I love warhammer the table top game and mordheim. But i can not recommend this game to any one.The AI is heavily unfair, you can have 90 % hit chance and miss 5 times in a row, and this happens more than you will hit. the AI has 20 % chance to dodge but it will dodge all the time. my 20 % dodge chance never works.The AI knows exactly where you are on the map all the time, and they know how to avoid every invisable trap on the map.I have played 100s of missions and no matter how well you play the RNG will screw you over every time. then you best charaters die and your warband is screwed. I love difficult game but there is just Unfair.On top of that i purcahsed this game early access for £40, and they have the cheek to charge you extra for the warbands as DLC. There is no stratergy in this game just terrible RNG."
,Not Recommended,276810,31270435,Posted: 21 April,all,zmoo,Like they fired the game designer a year before shipping the game.
,Not Recommended,276810,29861166,Posted: 11 February,all,Adam,Way too slow for a turn based game. You spend most of your timing waiting for the AI rather than commanding your warband.The experience outside of the missions was quite good which shame.Would not recommend in its current state.
76561197967786162,Not Recommended,276810,29856711,Posted: 11 February,all,Clint Toastwood,"Bad interface. Convoluted mechanics.  Long , boring animations.  Really misses out on what's fun about Mordheim and turn-based tactics in general"
76561198008521158,Recommended,276810,33475132,Posted: 12 July,all,Tanno,"This game got me.There are several negative issues like: zero multiplayer activity and zero possibility of finding a match in 30-60 days (minutes in fact)But the universe is great. Tactical constituent - the same. Fighting an AI is pretty boring - cause u always cheat him (he's pretty straightforward) and the only way to deal it harder - give him +50% (30%?) to HP and DMGAnd okay - u can miss 5 times in a row trying to hit (climb) with 90% chance. It's just doom =) Do not take it too close) The entire mission can fail in a situation when ur champion cannot overtake a ""peasant"" or move 1 meter-ladder =)But the game is AWESOME =)"
,Recommended,276810,22691605,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Snugglefruit,"Very grimdark, just the way I like it. I'd recommend playing 1-3 hours a day, or you may get tired of it quickly. 8/10 would recommend"
76561198084679390,Recommended,276810,22697442,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ogamoto,"This is a great game which I MIGHT recommend to a friend. Why would I hesitate to recommend a great game? because as it is the early user experience is downright painful.The glaring weak point of mordheim, at this stage, is that the interface gives you almost no assistance at all. The early expereince can be confusing, annoying and frustrating. That is because the game takes place on some pretty intricate tactical maps, and there are often multiple significant strategicly important points on that map, but the interface gives you absolutely no help in orienting yourself or having any bearings on where things are. Picture a jumbled table top game, but you don't get to stand over the table and view it. You have to look through one of those surgeon scopes which is laying flat on the table somewhere.When you combine that with a 3rd person view that is fixed on your various squad members during your turn, you end up with a claustrophobic and confusing perspective. The only chance in hell you have is in orienting yourself according to the only two indicators that appear on that map, a blue and red light over you and your opponents effective base.The only other complaint I have, and it is a pretty big one, is that some maps don't allow you to choose your own deployment. Pick the wrong mission, where your warband starts out ""scattered"" and you will find yourself watching your squad members die in a position you didn't even choose, surrounded by multiple enemies and killed before they even get one turn in.Seriously, it is bad enough to drive away many players. And that is a real shame, because this is actually an awesome game.Even at this early stage it is very enjoyable and playable. The 'hardcore' tactical combat feel is very good. It feels alot like you are playing the board game once you learn some tricks to orient yourself on the map despite the terrible interface. The unit types are balanced, the skill and combat system seem quite solid, and the flow of the game is pretty good overall, despite having to wait a bit when it is the AI's turn.The campaign and warband management are also quite good already. Once you get into it, you feel like you are really conducting a campaign with your ragged band of cut throats, who can each level up, improve stats/gear and learn skills, get maimed and die individually. One of my skaven grunts lost an arm, and has been carrying on with his stump through several missions now.So overall I am giving this game a thumbs up, because it is a gamer's game and it deserves it. I do hope they will add something to the interface to prevent 50%+ of new players from quitting in frustration before they get a chance to appreciate the jewels of this game. I really shouldn't have to rely on switching between possible positions during deployment, just to see the shifting perspective so I can have a chance in hell of understanding the general layout of the map I'm playing on, especially when the game is so punishing of anything less than cohesive and close deployment. You will love this game if you love hardcore tactical games."
76561198296265593,Recommended,276810,31931317,Posted: 24 May,all,MOAR DAKKA!,"Mordheim what can i say? Its a great game, very challenging at times. I just wish they added new factions."
76561198007450360,Recommended,276810,34263455,Posted: 15 August,all,jungpres1,"i like it, i really really like it, nice graphics etc its a simple game that can take time to go through a mission it just works for me, its frustrating occasionally and unforgiving at times but it keeps me entertained and invested in my characters probably best of any GW adaptations ive played"
,Not Recommended,276810,18232033,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Allerick,"I would love to be to reccomend this game to you and just before the patch that added progression to the game I probably even would have odly enough. I know it's early access listed but there are certain things that can't be excused expecially in this type of game, how it's layed out and the time you might need to invest. It was fun before progression because you could hop in and spend time really building a rank 10 warband with full gear and skirmish with friends and i never had any issues. However with the release of the progression i've ran into so many issues so many times in a row it's turned my love for this game into hours of hate yet i still try and get through it. specifically a few things of mention is whilst playing in the new update with progression I only play possesed right now but I haven't been able to get past Act 1 mission 3 because of the ungodly bugs.~ The special unit you gain for possesed whilst in the story missions bugs out when you disengage with her, it disengages but continues to say disengage in the top left and that's that you now have to kill the client and restart. ( which after getting all the way through a story mission and you do that and figure that out it's quite irritating)~Many times so far going into ambush on stairs or elevated plain whilst an enemy comes from below your character will run at them to do the ambush and bug over their head and run endlessly on whatever obsticle they head it and once again you now have to kill the client and restart whatever long battle you were just in and almost finished with.~Lately in the Act 1 3rrd mission on possesed fighting against the skaven i have gotten nearly to the end roughly 20+ times and everytime something seems to go wrong. One time the enemy continued endlessly attacking putting my special unit from full health to dead ending the mission. Another once i'm nearly done and i have the final objective to finish the reinforcements that have spawned in are extremely buggy and i've had them disapear quite often just out of existance which is quite annoying after them hitting you and then wasting offensive points in attacking them but just as common i've had to restart possibly 10 times alone for the fact they will charge at my unit and then that's it they won't attack just endlessly charge and yet again you have to kill the client.I've put roughly 50 hours + in  just trying to get a handfull of missions done on the act 1 2nd mission it took roughly 15+ hours alone with all the times it bugged out becomming extremely aggrevating considdering all the things that you have to do in that mission.If they could only fix these game breaking bugs I would accept this game. Are the load times terrible? Yeah they are pretty bad but loading for 1 minuet when i usually put roughly 20 mins minimum into a match I can deal with. Are their a few other small bugs? Sure but they never bothered me much. When they start completely ruining missions that's another story. Untill this game puts out some big patches and fixes these issues I can't say I'll be playing it much myself since I can't advance at all. I highly reccomend waiting untill they at least fix the major bugs in the progression untill you considder this worth purchaseing if it weren't for those I would constantly be playing this game for I love the basis and the difficulty in the missions and the brutal life of it being warhammer and the injuries such as limb loss or eyes being cut out and many other perminant injuires making this game interesting and brutal. Anyways that's my input on this game for now if it ever patches heavy and corrects these issues i'll more then likely change my mind, hope you found this helpfull."
,Not Recommended,276810,29811062,Posted: 9 February,all,The Butcher's Nail,"Boring, repetitive gameplay. Poorly optimized engine. DLC instead of patches.This is the same nonsense that Focus Home Interactive keeps pumping out. Don't support this practice."
76561197985847263,Recommended,276810,24836657,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[LoR] Team Triss,"It's XCOM without the grid and with a handful of options forced on you.  If you like playing Ironman Classic (or above), you will like this game, otherwise you very likely won't.The RNG is 100% completely fair, the AI has to abide by the same game rules that you do with 2 exceptions:1) It gets a 35% bonus to Stupidity (a roll a wounded character might have to make in order to get a turn) checks, since it cannot effectively use the appropriate skill to boost the chance2) Depending on mission difficulty (Normal, Hard, Brutal, Deadly), it gets a bonus of increments of 10% to hit and to its total HP value, but I don't believe Deadly gets +40% to each.Beware, as the game has a very steep learning curve.  I found the tutorials to be sufficient, but don't be afraid to ask questions on the forums.  The forums are a nice bunch and generally very friendly, though I caution you against going into them and raging against how unfair the RNG is (it isn't) or some other well-debunked nonsense.  The game is hard, although losses are not always a bad thing.  I am not sure character death is a thing, as I've not encountered it; a far more common outcome is permanent injuries, should one of your characters suffer a critical hit or be knocked out completely, there's a chance they'll lose some gear and/or suffer a permanent injury, forever affecting stats.  You are in total control of your warband, though, and can hire and fire people at will.  Your scout has a peg leg?  Can him and train up a replacement.Don't come in expecting AAA flash and content.  It's a small studio who are trying their damnedest and they're doing a fantastic job, but there are 4 warbands in the base game with a fifth available as DLC.  Each warband has it's own campaign, which is a series of faction-specific missions buried in the main campaign: a map that spawns random missions.  Gathering a green crystal called Wyrdstone is your primary objective, as the only way to fail the campaign outright is to miss a total of four shipments to your warband's benefactor.  The game is pretty enough and has good sound design, but can be slightly clunky at times, especially in character movement.Think long and hard before you pick it up.  If it immediately strikes you as something you'd like, knowing full well that it will give you a swift kick in the nethers, then pick it up, as you won't be disappointed.  If you're on the fence, however, I recommend staying away."
76561198167667963,Recommended,276810,29939322,Posted: 15 February,all,Clemency,"Stunningly good tactical combat game, as long as you are cool with a few pesky features:*As it has its own unique and slightly complex mechanics,  you need to invest about an hour doing all the tutorials before the game becomes fun.*It’s quite slow paced, and even single player you’ll be waiting maybe 2 or 3 minutes for the AI to complete its turns, especially once the squad size starts to become large.*There are no difficulty levels and there is enforced perma-death,  so some might find this too hard.With darkest dungeon I gave a negative review for forcing an overly hard perma death on the player, but once you get into it, this game is just too much fun not to recommend. For the Emperor!"
,Recommended,276810,26393452,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hanshotfirst,this game is tough you will die...alot
76561198017221271,Recommended,276810,28675469,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sinister.strike,Very much the same feel as the board version.  I love the fact that it's so brutal.  The death of a prized hero is nothing to be scoffed at!
76561198092431729,Recommended,276810,26381711,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MORROGANDER,Undead is the only reason i get into this game!
76561198306278686,Recommended,276810,26411883,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mint-berry-crunch854,awsome fun  long   hard game      helps with pasting the time  good grapicks
76561197972462277,Recommended,276810,26000521,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,chriskessel,"The other useful reviews already pretty much spell out the pros and cons.The AI is still a dufus, getting stuck on wagons and such. That said, if you are picking hard/brutal missions it's still a challenge, you've got to be smart about how you deploy and build your characters.I had a lot of fun for the 70 hours or so I put into it, managing my roster, figuring out what I might want on each mission, but in the end, all the missions mostly boiled down to the same thing: cluster up and kill the AI that's come hunting for you. The maps have good variety, but the game play itself starts to feel the same every time. It really needs some XCOM style mission variety.The auto-scaling of the enemy force is a mixed blessing. It ensures a challenge, but it adds to the sameness of each battle."
76561198033038612,Not Recommended,276810,23088740,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Whooplaah,"This is not a game. It is a stress and disappointment simulator. There are no tactics - only luck. There is no fun to be had, but by the time you realize that you will have too many hours of play* to get your money back from Steam.*Play is used very loosely here. You will spend more time looking at load screens and waiting for the computer take its turn than you will spend actually doing anything. I would often get up and leave my computer while 'playing' this game because a 5 minute wait for my turn bored me.The game often freezes up during the computer's turn, and the developers don't seem to respond to bug reports. After 3 patches the issue persists. The worst part about the bugs is that you have to force-close the game, and the game thinks you are cheating, and so when you load that save your characters all get permanent stat penalties (which is part of the game).The controls are slow and not designed for computer. You can't click, you can't mouse over for information, you have to cycle through disorganized lists.There are four warbands to choose from but they are not balanced. No matter which one you pick the result is the same: there is one enemy you will always win against, and one enemy you will always loose against.The game is not tactical. If you go up against the warband that your warband is weak against you simply cannot win. If your character takes any amount of damage they may end up with a permanent disfigurement (loosing an arm and not being able to use weapons, loosing a leg and not being able to equip armor, loosing stats, loosing skills, etc). Your chance to deal damage to an enemy will hover around 50%, but even with 95% chance to hit I've had characters miss 5 times in a row and then die. You don't get control over troop deployment. You don't get to choose what type of mission you go on or what the objectives are. You can't see the whole map, and even what you can see is grainy and hard to decipher. When characters enter melee you cannot have them retreat - they must win the melee or die.There are warbands designed for stealth, and there are character classes designed for stealth, but you can only win by killing every enemy - so any character that is not a fighter is pointless. There are characters locked behind a pay wall (DLC they say) but you will have to fight them even when playing single-player, and good luck doing that without the paid DLC to counter them.The single most annoying part of the game is how your characters get punished as you play regardless of win/loose. Did you win the encounter? That's good. But did any of your characters take even 1 damage during the encounter? Yes? Then lets see what disfigurement they get! Turns out your archer lost an arm and can't use bows any more, your fighter lost a leg and can't use armor any more, and your mage took a permanent -5 to intelligence and can't use some of their skills until they level up. Congratulations on winning!"
76561198047879310,Not Recommended,276810,26105184,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,kopa,good game but pvp is deadbuy it only if you want play against mindless AI
76561198035712382,Not Recommended,276810,34824250,Posted: 8 September,all,Havoc,"The R&G will♥♥♥♥♥♥down your throat.Oh you have an 85% to succeed in an climb action? You're going to fail that 4 times in a row.Oh, you've been doing too well? You're going to fail 70% checks left and right, enjoy having your group you've worked hours to skill and gear up turn into a bunch of cripples and then die because the computer gets a +30% chance to screw you.Oh you surrounded a ranged unit with three melee focused units? All three of those units will fail to hit him consecutively, then fail again after he flees.Truely these are the♥♥♥♥♥♥crusted end times.This isn't even taking into account bugs like clipping or floating objects, ranged units becoming obscured for no reason, CPU controlled units getting suck in a movement loop then ending their turn, etc.Or the fog of war only being player sided.Or things like being unable to fire a crippled unit unless you pay for their treatments first."
,Recommended,276810,19255472,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,claiminglight,"It's with some caution that I recommend.The game is not without it's quirks, some of which are absolutly infurating until you've learn to work with them. It also has a rather sizable number of bewildering design and balance choices woven in that seem to shout in your face, ""We both offer total player choice and remove all consequence from it!""But I have to admit, even after considering all of that, I've found that I'm still having fun with it. It might be the highly stacked initial odds or it might be the heavy weight of consqeuence that a single mistake brings, but it has a satisfying feel."
76561198024270397,Not Recommended,276810,25907345,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Siollear,"This game is simply too slow, compared to others (like XCom and Battle Brothers.) And I dont like the deterministic nature of enemies generated for each level. You will always face an evenly matched team of opponents, instead of one that might be slightly more or less powerful. This is a huge flaw, in my opinion, and the main reason for my negative rating."
76561197994134252,Not Recommended,276810,26029638,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Darzok,There looks nice and runs well but thats the only real good side.The gameplay is bad as the RNG so rigged in the favor of the AI playing it becomes pointless unless you wish to play Cheese the AI to even the odds.The PVP is slightly better since the RNG has no favors there but it still means there is no real skill as every thing it down to the RNG you just click and wait for the RNG to screw one of you over.
76561198073960457,Recommended,276810,15720173,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Flawless Host,Mordheim is Awesome!
76561198049327388,Not Recommended,276810,19243542,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Exavour,"I am going to start by saying that I LOVE tactical turn based games. I also happen to love the warhammer and Mordheim universe. However this game does not, by any means live up to the standards of an acceptable game. I would call it an ""unforgiving"" waste of development time.The good:-The game is graphically beautiful, the animations and textures are great.-Customization is great. You can really create your own war band how you want down to the color and style of armor, names and even re name the war band.-Tactically speaking this game is great. You can do a lot with what you are given.The bad:-Unforgiving.....This game is geared so hard in the favor of the AI that you can't even progress to mid game. The AI knows exactly where you are and how to own you even on the missions that are supposed to be easy.-The injury system is neat but as soon as you recieve an injury on one of your units you have to wait, which delays the time it takes to collect your next stone shipment OR you can hire a new unit to replace them. However, how are you supposed to replace a new unit without selling stone? The answer: you dont.-Your units can die off forever. Thats right, your units can literally die forever, after putting so much time and effort in to a units training there is always a chance they are simply gone.Final thoughts:Do not purchase this game. I wanted and tried so hard to enjoy myself but after trying all warbands at least twice I found that the game was simply created by devs that wanted to be passive winners. That is completely unaccepatble. I, being a long time fan and player of tactical turn based games, was never able to progress past the fourth day. The game makes it so that if you obtain an injury you snowball in to a campaign end, which is followed by a game over.Waste of time and money. Please invest in another game."
,Not Recommended,276810,18718685,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,WarrenGFan,"I won't recommend this game to anyone who isn't a Masochist. I was really interested in this game but it is frustrating that you do not have a chance to win at all... you do not even loose close, you are just getting devastated repeatively."
,Not Recommended,276810,19370120,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,urkel,"Are you kidding me? The game is still a long way to be finished, HUD sucks really hard, the game flow is horrible. You just throw the mechanics expecting the players to overcome all the work you have not done. Man, I would be totally ashamed to deliver a game in that state. I'm not a fan of Mordreid but I came with the ilusion to play a strategy game in the same style of Valkirya Chronicle but set in this world of magic. I wasn't expecting a story, but at least a good game flow, good HUD and a good learning curve to get engaged with the game. Instead you throw the players in the arena without any clear goals and without knowing what to do. Great oportunity lost, congratulations."
76561198025971614,Not Recommended,276810,34849439,Posted: 9 September,all,tranderson99,"I really ,really,really wanted to like this game. I tried different groups with the hope I might get somewhere, but I just seemed to crash and burn all beacause the teams I came up against are just so much better than mine. Now I am not talking multi-player here, just the so called normal teams that you come against in the begining. You guys know the ones, they have extra attacks, far better weapons and always seem to dodge your attacks.I finally got a choas team pass 6 missions and they were really starting to shape up, I say were because I got so badly dealt to thay they are now unplayable, my beast warrior got killed, second best lost an arm, went insane so he has to take a test every round, third dead, foruth lost a leg and toughness by 1 point, fifth dead, so yeah pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed. It seem to me that this game is designed to punish you once you start to do ok. Anyway so disspointed, so much promise in this game, sure you can make it hard, but not impossible."
76561198034396876,Not Recommended,276810,22699022,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Blue,"I was so excited for this. That was a mistake.Pros:*I'm eligible for a Steam refund.Cons:*It's slow paced. INCREDIBLY slow paced. And I played the tabletop a LOT.*It's not very pretty. It's not ugly, but this is a new(ish) game.*The menus are unintuitive, and you usually have to flick through three or so just to do something like compare an item.*The tutorials are incredibly verbose, whilst failing to give a strong understanding of the game. Best skipped.*Mediocre voice acting.*Shonky gameplay choices; I can spit further than most marksmen can fire. Melee's are massive grinds. Oh, and you can probably charge if you can see an enemy; good luck if you want to shoot, though. Camp or dogpile, that's it.*Very limited warband choices, made worse by limiting access to options within warbands in early game.*The game was designed to be pumped full of DLC, as the prior point might imply.*Bad AI, propped up by overgearing and overleveling.*The game punishes you for seizing objectives. Literally.*TERRIBLE movement system. A character can walk about 3m per movement forward, but can wangle about 9m from a move if they want to go around obstacles, providing you path right.*Complete failure to capture the atmosphere of the base game. Everything just feels flat and tedious.I've never refunded a game before. And I play some admittedly finnicky, tedious games. It seems that a mix of nostalgia amd fan devotion is carrying this game to acceptable reviews.Seriously. This game made me sad. And not in a fun, emotive way."
76561198100301507,Not Recommended,276810,34912444,Posted: 12 September,all,Gatsu,"I love Warhammer and Xcom, this is the worst of both. Poorly designed missions and gameplay, be prepared to watch the same pointless stance animations again and again, then sit back while the other AI wastes your time or have fun chasing convoluted RPG objectives in a slow, turn based game. The idea for this is great and it looks good, just the execution is really poor with so many quality of life improvements needed to make it playable. It's a real shame they don't allow modding.Even with a 75% discount this game is garbage tier, not worth your time."
76561198029360705,Not Recommended,276810,28775466,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Linkin,Strategy game with too much crazy RNG-factor and missleading mission goals.
,Not Recommended,276810,19466576,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,constantinople,"I am a massive Warhammer nerd. its the treasured, beloved mythos of my childhood.and so it pains me to see this isnt a very good video game.you create a warband and lead it through randomly generated missions. theres no story or other game modes. just this.it doesnt look very good. old, is what I can best describe it at. functional. competent. but old. visuals animation, sound design - nothings really top noth, but its all decent.what the game is good at is complexity. both the combat and the warband advancement is veeery complex and there is a lot of satisfying equipment and stat tinkering to be done.BUT. this game did the same thing Vermintide did. they both transitioned from a very promising beta into FULL RELEASE, without actually polishing the game. its SO CLUNKY. the interface sucks♥♥♥♥♥ nothing ever transitions smoothly, the tutorial isnt adequate, combat doesnt feel weighty and (maybe true to tabletop form) very random.this isnt fun to play. which I hate to say."
76561198030892980,Not Recommended,276810,17869397,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Montana Mike,"Call me when it actually becomes a game.  So far, it's just free money for the developers."
76561198035697433,Not Recommended,276810,18807768,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,SP2244,"Today was last game for me.... I am tired of the enemy always knowing where I am, always getting more attacks, always landing more hits, always dodging more, always having larger force, better weapons, recover quicker, seem to have every advantage to the point the game just is not fun to play anymore.  The Beta was 10x better than what these  programmers did with the new A (1 step forward , 10 steps back).  However I give 10/10 to those people who came up with concept and the visual environment - great job!  Too bad these poor programmers  for the AI have no clue what ""Balance"" means.  The whole AI , level up is way too complicated... they way overdid it to the point of being worthless.  And who designed the SHOP methodology where I have to wait so many days to buy a new upgraded weapon;  while waiting, I spend all my money  paying off team salary and treatment for wounds.  I mean did anything really play this game before they released it!!!  I think I could get a group of smart HS students to come up with better logic for gameplay and how to upgrade your weapons and player.  It is obvious we have 2 teams working this game, one who made the enivornment A+ and the other who made the combat math and upgrades F-.  This game is torture, the graphics and concept keep pulling me back while the poor AI pushes me away!  Fire the AI programmers and hire some talent, and remake the game in round 2 , but this time please use a large focus group before you release the game!    So if you are thinking of buying, you missed the best version, it was beta when you were given access to all weapons and skills vs. this painfully slow upgrade system.  Wait for a new crew to make version 2, this AI team has completely ruined this game!!"
,Not Recommended,276810,14339044,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Baal [MWJ],Do not waste your money.
,Recommended,276810,23136734,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Yavuz,Best game ever.11/10
76561198019219227,Recommended,276810,14317174,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,I only played one game of this for the first time and all I can say is WOW!Kind of like a living tabletop game that looks real and not a table top!
76561198028386002,Not Recommended,276810,19460502,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bevinar33,As much as I am a die hard fan of all things warhammer I can't reccomend this game in it's current status. While it certinaly has potential the glaring AI bonus hp and damage coupled with mission that destroy you before you even have a full turn ruins the experence.The last straw was loosing a warband to after a bug trapped half of my warband inside of a building with no doors or windows. This is the first game that I reget purchasing on steam.
76561198022721707,Not Recommended,276810,26586493,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sikkwolf,"Update: I have now spent many, many more hours with the game. My opinion is unchanged. I love strategy games, I love the warhammer universe, and I really want to love Mordheim. I can't though, because the game is clearly bent.I just went on a 20 win streak against the AI because I forced myself to forgo searching ruins or collecting stones as the primary focus of my excursions and instead focused solely on bottle necking the enemy and mobbing their team one by one as they tried to get into whatever trench I sat and waited for them in. The game is very, very easy when you play like that, because even though at 4 on 1 odds the RNG and designer bias (seriously, +30% wounds just because?) towards the AI is palpable, it's not enough to destroy your fun.That streak ended the first time I got too comfortable and didn't follow my own advice, open conflict with the AI in this game is laden with blatant weighting to the point it's incredulous. I watched in outright anger as my characters repeatedly missed strikes at 95% success chances, boiling down to an overall real success rate of 37% by the time the game decided to route me. The AI controlled warband on the other hand, only missed 4 times in the entire exchange, 2 of them were on a warrior that their impressive only need to hit once to retire, the third attack landed, not because that's how the dice roll, but because that's how you hide blatant weighting.I was also hostage to two scenarios where it let the AI's soldier counter attack my engaging character before letting me attack them to begin with. Mordheim is a lot of things, fun is one of them if you're the kind of dullard that is okay with playing every match the same way, over and over. I personally, again, want to love Mordheim, because it has all the hallmarks of a classic small team tactics game. Unfortunately, it also has all the negative attributes of a crapfest thanks to the developers being more concerned with making things hard on you over providing an enjoyable experience.I cannot give the game a good review even though I'm still playing it and will likely buy the expansion material, because wish I'd never purchased/played it; that is due to the fact that overall it's like dating a pretty girl, that's fun, but has tons of negative baggage and a psychotic streak. You stay because you want the fantasy where everything is right to play out, and it does occasionally, but the reality is that you should leave asap because there is more wrong here than right, and the longer you stay the worse it's going to get for you.For people who love the Ironman runs in XCOM this game is probably right up your alley. It just isn't something I really got into. Take the review for what it is, my opinion................................................Original......................................................Positive reviews for games like this confound me, because I know for a fact that the gaming base by far and large is not made up of masochists, though it is arguably made up of idiots.Mordheim has a lot in common with xcom, fun is not among those things however. The RNG in the game may in fact even out, as it allegedly does with xcom, but there is no room for tactical mitigation to this abusive mechanism. I actually did grow up playing Rifts, D&D, and Warhammer (as well as the entire White Wolf game world). Bad runs with dice happen, but never at the frequency they do in these games. I spent 3 hours today playing Mordheim on the Xbox One, it was three hours I spend screaming at the TV and scaring my kids because the game put me in such a rage I couldn't even interact with them positively, and not because I'm a sore loser.Every deployment, I was scattered, every deployment I missed nearly all my attacks while the enemy landed all of theirs, it felt like a Warhammer themed remake of ""The Warriors"" by the end as I realized, like all games, you're in the dark but the AI is not, and as my characters got scattered every sortie, in an attempt to regroup them, smaller groups of my weakest warriors were regularly set upon by their heroes and company, rare did they take any damage, I would lose all my warriors in each exchange due to chronic strings of ""bad luck"".If you feel compelled to write a positive review for this because you're just one of those guys that needs to pretend he's part of that 1337 crew, great, good for you, we both know how fake your opinion is. This game sucks, horribly, I would really, really enjoy a true Warhammer game that really brings about the glory, brutality, tactics, and most of all F U N that is associated with the miniatures based table top game."
76561198062219481,Recommended,276810,22893187,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,I love anime dude,10/10
76561198087337981,Not Recommended,276810,18880251,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,anemal606,"Want to feel punished for playing a game? Well then here is what you have been waiting for!  Where to begin, Ok your warband is here for one reason and one reason only! to get wardstones to sell for gold.  So being as this is your sole purpose for being there it totally makes sense that you can only gather what you come across during the fight.  So even if you win there is no way for you to gather your spoils from the field of battle. if the enemy routes then game over. no way for you to loot the battlefield at all.  So if you would like to loot a wyrdstone instead of attacking the enemy in front of you by all means go ahead. just don't expect there to be an opportunity to to pick it up after he is dead (that would be silly). this game brags about its lasting consequence for actions/choices but what it does not brag about is all the infuriatingly broken aspects of this mechanic.  When your combat system has absolutely nothing to do with physics or actual probability the penalties you suffer from the consequence of unlikely/improbable events.( I.E. you outnumber the enemy 5 to 3 and your commander is with yours troops kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names...and out of nowhere BAM route test failure! YOU LOSE! HAHA!) Everyone empty your pockets and drop anything valuable you may have been carrying.  I can take getting punished for mistakes I make in a game. But when I lose a mission that drug on for 1.1/2 hrs for no damn reason that really♥♥♥♥♥♥s me off.  1.1/2 hours you say!?  Thats right! Yes because 70% of game time is spent waiting for the AI to make its move. the majority of gameplay is spent watching your units stand there waiting to get a turn to move. there is no reason the AI should take on average 5-10 times as long to make a move as a human player. And IDK whats with all the uber nerds obsessing over authenticity of a dice based probability system, but really?..that's what we have computers for now!  if you have an 85% chance to do something and fail to do 9 out of 10 times I really don't feel like ""probability"" is being taken into account.  You spend the entire time playing this game shaking your head at damn near everything.  Its not at all enjoyable to play in its current state.  I have tried to be patient as this game develops but the core design seems to be flawed.  in its current state its a waste of time and money."
76561198007612805,Not Recommended,276810,25314953,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,cykur,Do not buy if looking for a single player game.  AI constanly gets stuck moving and you can only fail 6 90% rolls in a row some many times before feeling like leveling is meaningless.
76561198007226198,Recommended,276810,21140671,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lato,"This game looks and runs like DOGSHIT! Now that being said the game is crazy fun to play! I like all the cool groups you can play as and the combat is VERY fun, best part of the game, all the cool ways to upgrade your team and all the ways to lose them. You need to really plan out your battles to keep going in this game which is just another thing to love.Patch this game to run better before you start selling me DLC...."
,Recommended,276810,24826061,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Burst Fire,really good strategy xcom like game
76561198150330606,Not Recommended,276810,24242268,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RuneAngel,"Its hard to recomend this game due to all the technical glitches. when you are actualy able to get a game going the game play mechanics are great and the art style is fantastic and true to its source material.The problem is that loading a game will often result in the game crashing, and even when you do get in from time to time your characters will seeminly teloport to the other side of the map, for a game wiht ""all alone checks"" this is not a good thing. I have played around for hours trying to get this game to run smoothly and have tryed countless 'fixes' problem still persists. I have never gone through so much hassel to get a game running smoothly before (and never failed either).I'll come back in a few months hopefully the game will be fixded. shame on the evelopers for letting a game be released with this many problems (& for releasing new paid for DLC before addressing these issues)."
76561197963024375,Not Recommended,276810,19314279,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Rasp,I would only reccomend this to a hardcore fan of these types of games.The difficulty is INSANE and the grind is real.I love the core concept but it is REALLY rough around the edges.
76561198023710840,Not Recommended,276810,19364343,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rat Whisperer {null},"I refunded this game. I'm a big fan of turn-based combat with rogue-elements - games like X-Com and Darkest Dungeon are among my all-time favourites. I was hoping for a similar experience here except set in the Warhammer Universe that I also really like.So while the premises of this game were good, I found that it was:- Too slow-paced.- Too sluggish.Also, there are issues with:- Graphic design (particularly on human characters) - was too generic and lacked identity.- Animation and spell effects - didn't impress me or make me excited to obtain new spells or abilities. They look a little early 00's, actually. Or like MMORPG style where it can't be too much.- The tutorials. The game lacks a way to ease players into the complicated game system (like, I'm not gonna bother with 3 hours of boring tutorials. Find a way to make this a fun journey.)- Sound design. The music is very dramatic but after 30 minutes I had to turn it off as it was not paced very well and didn't correspond well with how the game was progressing.So, all in all, the game is OK but lacks a LOT of polish for now. Maybe when it's been patched a lot it will be worthwhile but for now I just found it tedious and tiresome. I played half a normal ""quest"" after which I just gave up as I spent 20 minutes picking up stuff and then one man got assaulted by 4 AI characters and died. Normally, this would excite me into fighting back desperately, but at this point, I was just so tired and had stopped caring. All in all, the basic game structure and premise is amazing but it just needs to be way faster and WAY better paced.I will say that if this game gets a lot of patching, I will return to it as it has a really big potential to become something amazing. But for now, I'd say give it time."
76561198030070250,Recommended,276810,32101799,Posted: 1 June,all,Abyss,"overall good game, needs lots of tweaking though. i will say support the delevopers"
,Recommended,276810,34728199,Posted: 3 September,all,Blackiechan,13 hours in one day. Addictive to say the least and i have only tried 2 of the 6 warband types (Skavan 12 hours & possessed 1 hour)Im still unfamiliar with the possessed but they are very diffirent from the Skavan.Its got many factors to take into account with a huge ammount of detail/stat customization for each individual unit.All i can really say right now is i look forward to playing a huge ammount of hours on each type of warband.
,Not Recommended,276810,22550911,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,steve.neverslept,"First its Hard, Then it seems fairly balanced, then it becomes a practice of squishing insanely stupid AI with only the odd unlucky RNG being a danger.Then you look under the hood and are amazed that any of it works at all.Personally I have a soft spot for this game, but if i put my democratic hat on, I can't recommend it unless you have a fondness for the TableTop game or the shoddy companies that Games Workshop license their IPs too. (While handcuffing the developers in the process, but thats GW for you unfortunately.)Right, bulletpoints, with some expansion on certain points. (that are of course from my sujective view.)- Captures the feel of the Warhammer world well.- A good effort at the difficult task of converting a Tabletop game to a computer game.- almost total reliance on RNG. But as a Tabletop game conversion that is to be expected.- midgame rouge-like elements have a great dynamic that fits well.Early game it can be very harsh, due to RNG. Endgame it trails off.- Very Poor AI.- Multiplayer is possible, but far from easy to even get a game. Basically the tools aren't in game for basic matchmaking, leaving any MP to be arranged on online forums. Multiplayer is effectively dead unless you organise matches yourself.- VERY VERY Poor AI.Can't stress this enough really.If Multiplayer was functional and easy to use this wouldn't be that much of a problem. But as Mordheim is effectively a Single Player game, AI this poor is crippling and is the reason i CANNOT recomended this game.Instead of having any tactical abilites, the AI just recieves advanatages and boosts to give an apperance of challenge, but even these boosts are applied in such a random manner that follows no path of logic, instead of adding difficulty it highlights how poor the system actually is.TLDR: If you like fighting idiots and RNG, buy it. If you prefer a well thought out, carefully constructed game with reactive AI. This is not the game your looking for.EDIT: Its till broken, but is a total time sponge is you can forgive it its flaws."
76561197983235397,Not Recommended,276810,22455469,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,theroadninja,"The gameplay is interesting, but all of the enemy warbands are always better than yours, and the game usually only offers you incredibly difficult missions.  Even worse, when you start one and your best fighters are singlehandedly killed in the first round, you can't leave the battlefield without ""severe penalties.""  You have to sit around and watch more people get knocked out one by one.   The ""hardcore"" nature of the game, which assigns permanent injuries to your fighters, then makes every small setback grow into a large one fast, as you suddenly dont have enough warriers to fight, and no gold to pay them or scout for easier battles."
76561197961639865,Recommended,276810,26334156,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CHAIRMAN POW,"Releasing only 3 out of around 20 factions with the initial game, then drip-releasing the rest as expensive DLC leaves a bad taste in the mouth. I really think something out to be done about this current trend of releasing a half-finished game at full price and then making people pay extra for features which should have been included in the first place.That said still a very good game, done a very good job of making the tabletop game into a viable and fun video game."
,Recommended,276810,25348514,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zoie Shales,"While I haven't played this game much, if not at all, Ive watched other people play it. While its incredibly strategic, and it costs a pretty penny, the game is one of those rare very hard to stop playing type games that lets you fully customize your warband. Its unforgiving and it has endless replayability possibility. What I like the most is the killer soundtrack included in the Steam Directory when you buy this game: […]\Steam\steamapps\common\mordheim\Mordheim City of the Damned OST .The sountrack is very hard to fnd outside of this game, but it sets the tone for the game perfectly. Despite its flaws, I reconmend this game to hardcore gamers."
76561197997032115,Recommended,276810,34495088,Posted: 25 August,all,dudex,gud
76561198024118928,Recommended,276810,34823153,Posted: 8 September,all,txapo,"If you like turn based games, like a boardgame. This is indeed your game."
,Not Recommended,276810,19537665,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Thermal Scorpion,"My initial review of the game was not good because of several key things I though Skaven were lacking in. I still hold the opinion that in single player the balance needs to be reworked so that Skaven can get numbers. They are sufficently weak to warrant that advantage. They suffer against some of the enemy warbands due to a lack of ability to take damage and inflict it and the fact that the AI always has equal numbers and equal troop types if not downright superior troops due to skills, spells, and gear makes the Skaven much weaker in general. I haven't seen any advantage to them being quicker really except by grabbing wyrdstone. You still have to win the fight.I am pleased there is a map and apparently I wasn't paying attention so +1 there. It made a huge difference in the success of my missions.I hate that I can only give a yes or no review simply because I am on the fence about this game to a large degree. Once I get to MP I'll have to circle back around and add to this review."
76561198069103302,Not Recommended,276810,19572103,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Voidarcane,I can't recommend this game until they fix the AI in this game my current war bands are all going to lose. Either my war band is going to lose because i cant pay them or i can't get any stones. The Ai just run straight at you and why wouldn't they they don't have to worry about money or stones and never fall into traps either. The only items i ever see them take are off my guys bodies.my only real complaint about the game that dosent involve the Ai is why when my guys go down do they drop everything that isn't equipped can't i at least have a chance of keeping some of the stuff my guys pick up rather then it all being thrown away. Also why can't i finish my turn or just have one more after I win the amount of items stones and optional objectives i have lost is infuriating.Edit: I have played the game more and figured out how to cheat the AI now the only thing i really don't like is how the only stats that matter are dodge and chance to hit if you can build those up before the RNG of this game starts beating you down you win if you don't you lose.
76561198016003466,Not Recommended,276810,19591621,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,__,"♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the developers, ♥♥♥♥ the rng, ♥♥♥♥ the constant unavoidable missing, ♥♥♥♥ the difficulty, ♥♥♥♥ the AI, ♥♥♥♥ the smuggler's den, ♥♥♥♥ you Rogue Factor"
76561198040004735,Not Recommended,276810,26763389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deebzy,Over complicated
76561198062056045,Recommended,276810,16847572,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,rabbitkiller74,"I saw this game and thought sweet!!!! Bought it, played through the tutorials and felt ready to get into the campaign,......uh hello? where is the campaign? AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! No real game to play here except single play skirmishes with no benefits from winning its all practice play! Come on Devs give me something to sink my bloody teeth into! How long is the wait for the rest of this potentially sweet game? I guess time will tell, ugh pre-release torture in the meantime it will sit in my library collecting dust waiting for the update that has a game to play zzzzzzzzzzzzz.......get to work people you charged me 30 bucks for a game with no game in it!!!!Update to my review: Got a quick response from the dev about my comments which shows they are still there working away to get the game ready, always a good sign"
76561197997047650,Not Recommended,276810,19579167,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,mcgregor,"Moments of fun are reduced to rubble by poor AI, limited tactics, and questionable design choices.Positives+ Campaign progression is addictive (enough to get many people past the steam refund window).+ You get attached to your squad as they improve, lose limbs, and die (not always in that order).+ Permanent ironman mode and rolls of the dice keep even easier battles tense.Negatives- Poor enemy AI- Lack of real tactics - outnumber your opponent to win- Enemies auto level to make up for the AI.  Remember Oblivion?  This saps the meaning out of progression. The enemy is always a little, and sometimes a lot stronger, though hampered by random skills.  This makes for dull battles of attrition as you whittle away their health bars.- The enemy number is always the same as your own, with similar numbers of heroes or henchman.  Urban combat between scavengers shouldn't feel like organized sports.- Story missions are focused on tedious inventory management and a lot of running around very large, mostly empty maps. Put the ball in the net gameplay.  With uneven pacing and game ending bugs still lurking inside of them, they feel tacked on.- Secondary objectives don't make sense.  Why can't we collect bounties after the fight?  Why are we fleeing the scene so quickly when the point is to scavenge for loot and wyrdstone?  It contributes to the refereed sports feel.- There are very few viable build options per faction.  Most builds are inferior and you will be punished for trying them.    It is a puzzle to be solved, no more.  Chose the best skills and you will succeed because the AI chooses randomly.--- Rant: The game is very ""inside the box"", very gamey, like organized sports rather than medieval combat.   Why can't we raid the wyrdstone caravans that are streaming out of the city?  Or why can't we set up shop as trainers and make some real money?  (When in the history of the Warhammer universe (or any other universe) did teachers make so much flippin' money?)   How about a campaign structure based upon more than a couple battles to chose from?  Why did my warband decide to ambush the enemy, when that would clearly mean certain death due to dividing my forces? (Encirclement really only works when numerically superior - something that can never happen in this universe.)  Why can't we retreat when the odds are clearly against us?  Must we be pummeled first?  Because of... Rules?  Why can't we take one turn to pick up wyrdstone, trinkets, or loot at the end of the battle?  Coach, must we march off the field to the showers before collecting our roses?!  I don't care if something might show up.  My men just risked their lives to grab pocketfuls of wyrdstone in a pitched battle.  Now they can't take another 5 minutes to toss the rest in the cart.  I call BS.  Willing suspension of disbelief only goes so far.  It just throws GAME in your face at every opportunity: too much Bloodbowl balance and not enough urban warfare chaos.Mordheim has its moments. There are better options.  I was playing Battle Brothers before I gave this a try.  For medieval warband management and deadly turn-based tactical combat, that game is superior."
76561198020940426,Not Recommended,276810,15450308,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,|-LoS-| Harlekin,Killed every program on my pc after installation. Everything is bound to crash if it runs more than 5 minutes. Great work guys. I'm using Steam for 5 years now and I never had an experience like this. After researching this problem with google it seems that no one else has this problem. So since I don't know what to do I'm going to reinstall my complete system.Conclusion: At the moment this is not a game. It's a f******** VIRUS
76561198006690286,Not Recommended,276810,31300257,Posted: 22 April,all,suurimonster,"The basic game holds your interest, but there are too many poor design decisions (impressives' AI, endless grind, mysterious campaign missions) and, for me at least, it was one of the least stable games I have played in a long time..."
76561198018953506,Recommended,276810,14334021,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,知っているプロに,So I get a message from a dev asking me to have another look to say the least I was more than plesantly surprised :) pretty much eactly what I was hoping for. I spent far too long playing it tonight I have work in 5 hours....I'll write a better review when I get a chance.Edit just realised I have been playing nearly 10 hours...Old(You can't progress your warband at all :(......not cool man not cool EDIT: you still cant progress your warband. This game is way behind schedule and more like an alpha than beta as alot of main features still arent Implemented. As for the response I got from one of the developers I checked your early acess roadmap and guess what....you were behind schedule then and you are now. This is one of those game that in my opinion gives early acess a bad name. I wouldnt even recomend buying it on sale.)
76561198143337019,Not Recommended,276810,29686276,Posted: 3 February,all,ArgonautKing,"Don't want to parrot what others have said, but the game is very repetative and the tactics boil down to exploiting the game as it doesn't play as you would expect, boring gameplay, crappy pacing, dull maps and just a mediocre title at best"
76561198022799275,Not Recommended,276810,22898010,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Benkob,Not worth it.  As your gang gets stronger funny things happen to the law of probabilities. 80% to hit - you might make 50% of the time.  Just had a battle one of them 75% to hit my guys avarage 50% dodge or parry.  Hit 3 out of 3 twice with criticals.  This happens time and time again.  Fed up with it now.  Basically the game cheats to make it harder.  But it is not possible to plan.In short the game is clever but they arn't .  IF they are that desperate they should pay me.Will not buy from this developer again waste of my time and money.
,Not Recommended,276810,28810389,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Klarum,"Warning first, detailed explanations after. (negative review is because this game is for ""hardcorez only"" so ""normal people"" should save their money). But it is a game with some very good aspects.Also, FYI this is a RNG ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game (this is not bad design is just a type of game so you are warned if you are the kind that rages at missing a 98% hit chance).Discloser: look at my played hours, look at my XCOM1/2, Darkest Dungeon, etc. hours, this is not a rage review. I like difficulty when well designed.The bad:. Game has really bad AI. Devs compensate by giving enemy over the top bonuses and say ""game is meant to be hard"". No, hard games are achieved by good AI not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bonus/penalties.. AI units always zerg you as soon as they spot you. Even if going for a strategic objective would win them the game. This is why the game is playable at all. Because ""the hardcorez"" have figured out they can just lure the enemy in one-by-one and beat it. A game that requires 3 of your units and exploits to beat 1 of theirs is still bad design to me.. There are ""elite"" units in the game that can wipe your entire group single-handed but you can bugg them out (stuck on doors,etc.), or cheese (see point above). Again this is bad design when the way to beat the game is to exploit and not by gameplay mechanics. (also your elite units cant do the same back). Equipment progression is also RNG based, both items and enchantments (why?!!!). You can choose how you level up the skills and abilities of your units but you have to pray to the dice gods to land that sweet 2H sword (which may never happen in extreme situations). Why not have a research or tiered buy system.... Devs have the ""my vision matters more than making a good consumer product""♥♥♥♥♥♥attitude. Game only has Ironman. No need to explain why this is bad in RNG games, 40 hours of gameplay gone on some bad rolls, or worse due to a bug which this game has quite a few (lost an entire party due to a dmg curse that should last one turn but was bugged so it just kept going until everyone was dead). It is a single player game! I will never understand why would you screw over a player by not letting them enjoy the game their way, when they play it alone and only for themselves! Devs even went as far as too code in anti-cheat measures! So if you back up your save file the game wipes it out!. Game difficulty levels are built in the missions. So you cant choose your difficulty at start of game, instead you can take on easy or harder missions. This is bad because the only thing it does is punish players for no reason. If you only take easy missions you have to grind a lot! That means your playtime has now been doubled or trippled for no reason! Instead they could have difficulty modes and let players still enjoy the story of the game for the same amount of hours/effort and let them choose how hard it should be.. The devs ""dumb vision"" IMO turned this game from being another wide audience tactical game (like XCOM) into a niche ""hardcorez only"" game. I guess they dont do it for the money... (worse is the amount of players that buy it and feel screwed over bought/played ratio is abismal)The good;. Amazing concept. Tactical game where you control your units in 3rd person. It is brilliant and really immersive.. Good, clean, and functional UI and controls.. Amazing art, graphics, and maps. The atmosphere of the battle games is perfect.. Great music which you get for free in MP3.. Great setting. It is Warhammer after all. But GW IPs have been butchered so many times that this game deserves praise for doing justice to what is one of GWs best stand-alone products.Final word: buy this game only if you are ok with RNG, ironman, and having a steeper learning curve (reading guides from players will speed it up considerably). No matter how good looking and fun it can be, you will ragequit if you are not ok with the above."
76561198070158922,Not Recommended,276810,26344602,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jemima Puddle-Duck,The game is fundamentally broken and lacks even the most basic of command tasks that seem basic common sense. A lack of difficulty function means it is never fun to play and leaves you highly strung even on the most basic of missions
76561198038438131,Not Recommended,276810,32753470,Posted: 24 June,all,jim.brown83,"This is a terrible game, and it is poorly balanced.  I gained no enjoyemnt whatsoever from this game."
76561198002494306,Not Recommended,276810,19336109,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BOSS NIGGA,long loadsonly 4 races (and 2 of them is almost same)no players in multiplayernaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
76561198026692491,Not Recommended,276810,33710396,Posted: 21 July,all,Pastorazzi,"никогда не покупайте игру. даже по скидке. в конце концов это только разочарование. геймд дизайн? баланс? не, не слышали. давайте просто прикрутим +30 процентов ко всему у противника. как бы осторожно ты не пытался играть рано или поздно в череде однообразных миссий цель которых сводится к собиранию ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ого варп-камня кто то из твоих ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ов умирает. когда он умирает ты вынуждем купить нового и как то пытаться его качать. но пацаны с +30 процентов всего выбивают из него ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о за два удара. в то время как ему нужно попасть по ним 20. а попадает он хрен когда. в итоге таких недо♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ов у тебя в отряде с каждым разом становится все больше и больше. одному отрезали ногу, другому отбили мозги и тд итп. в то время как противнику ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ на отрезанные ноги у него просто +30 процентов всего ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а. и промахиваться он не собирается. по итогу прекрасная идея и красивая визуально игра спущенная в унитаз из-за отбитости геймдизайнеров."
76561197981653487,Not Recommended,276810,25282428,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bulletdance,"This is the absolute worst video game port of a tabletop wargame in the history of mankind.  The controls and camera are at best clunky and at worst downright infuriating.  The decision to go from a top down game view (like you would enjoy during a table top game) to a first person 'can only see what the model sees' view shouldn't just be a firing offense it should be an 'up against the wall, cigarette with a blindfold offense'.  Combat in this game is horrendous for no good reason. You get to watch your guys miss endlessly when swinging at skaven in 'dodge stance'.If you enjoyed years of playing the Mordheim tabletop game(like I did), DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This garbage is right up there with 'Die By The Sword' in the quality department.(If you're old enough to remember die by the sword!)"
76561198033703070,Not Recommended,276810,14859227,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,get new games,"Wow, i watched the videos and got excited about this game.  I hope it gets better because when i just played it for the first time, i dont think I am going to play it again.  What a waste of money.  I have learned my lesson, again, early access means try again later when we get enough money to make a real game.  Idea is cool, gameplay is horrible.  Could be so much better.  Don't let youtube fool you. I did.My first steam review....ever.  BTW, no you cant make your group or warband better...."
76561198007836644,Not Recommended,276810,33252469,Posted: 4 July,all,marquies_de_sade,really disappointed with this purchase. i have felt nothing but frustration with this game and want nothing to do with it. if i had a hard copy i would put it in the microwave to fry the disk before dousing it in urine and burring it in a pile of steer manure. this game and its add-on's can rot i hope the master copies on the creators hard drive get deguazed.
,Not Recommended,276810,22851806,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,the mechanical hand,"This is one of those ""strategy"" games where the computer is given invisible advantages in terms of rolls(an ""80% chance to hit"" for one of your guys is actually closer to 55%) because the designers couldn't be bothered with writing a competent AI. I regret purchasing Mordheim."
76561198007206957,Not Recommended,276810,34911267,Posted: 12 September,all,QuaidAylish,Definately one of the worse games I've ever played. The movement is so disorienting the combat pathetic. Horrible clunky game.
76561198053656072,Not Recommended,276810,34836097,Posted: 9 September,all,Warbeck,Too frustrating to be any fun. I can't be bothered to waste time on a RNG that wipes out a warband after a few games. There are much better turn based stategy games out there that aren't as subject to the whims of chance as this one.
76561198086376141,Not Recommended,276810,25341213,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Soronoc,bloody rubbish
,Not Recommended,276810,28417023,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,S.a.W. JackalTaco,Somehow managed to play 14 Hours in total on this. 14 Hours of my life wasted if I'm honest. This game has no logic whatsoever which makes it really hard to play. ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you ask me.
76561197995159215,Not Recommended,276810,29449386,Posted: 23 January,all,Epileptic_Psycho,"Could have been a really good game if the ""Success-chanse"" rolls weren't so unfair! If I got a 95% hitchanse and miss three times in a row, that is something that would happen once in a really rare occation. The problem in this game is that it keeps happenig time and time again. When a game is hard, that's fine, but when it is unfair, it's just bad."
76561198076543436,Not Recommended,276810,21855833,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kwisatz Haderach,"Let's start this off by saying I like this game, I may play it in the future if the DLC coming out for it looks good and they fix some of the balance problems.Let's start with the good and the great.-Level designGood, the custom maps are great and the random maps are good except when the occasional glitch happens.-EnviromentGreat, mutated corpses blowing bubbles of blood, giant mutated bodies suspending the roof of a tower, captures the atmosphere of Mordheim.-ManagementReally enjoyable management making and customizing a warband is great fun.-RPG elementsAlso great, in depth, with lots of build options, if the game was more balanced and less decided with a coin toss I could see myself spending hours making builds.On to the negatives.-RNGThe RNG is not right, this has been echoed and repeated by almost everyone, there are less then 20 people I have talked to who can defend the RNG.You can test it yourself, get CoP there leader gets a spell with 85% to succeed. Cast it a hundred times, realize that it only works HALF THE TIME. Casting chance has no modifiers, int doesn't increase it, armor and weapon enchants doesn't increase it either.Its the best way to test RNG.-Implementation of the RNG.This is my second problem, lets say I'm deluded, I'm just a bad player who makes bad rolls scapegoats. Even with the RNG working as it should the prevelance of it is unbearable.Its random when you get a shipment, you can fulfill the shipment just to have once come in the very next day, usually demanding 50 pnds more.Secondly the difficulty of the missions you go on AND the deployment is also random, so you can have 10 days to fulfill a shipment only to have awful rolls that makes it so 6/10 days you have are up against tough or brutal missions all with the chance for your group to be scattered.Which means you will end up in a house with one of your units getting gangbanged before you ever get a chance to move.Mutations are random as well which is fine MUTATIONS SHOULD BE RANDOM, however mutations should not be the saem for EVERY MUTANT.The first Mutant you have excess to has 5 points in ballistic while only 3 in melee.However you are almost gauranteed to get an arm mutation making any ranged weapons unusable so why the hell do we have a mutant that is your only hero option in the beginning with 2 extra points that could be anywhere else except ballistic?The game is full of stuff like this but more on that later.Ultimately with the RNG you will find yourself ♥♥♥♥ed regardless of how well you play, I have lost one match ONE! However I still often restart with a new warband because of being forced into a bad spot by the RNG.For example I have had my leader unit roll Wrath of Tzeentech TWICE in two matches, both on casting WoD and wearing a blue amulet to avoid this.First ended with a light wound rest for two days, the other a near death experience which takes 5 days.My shipment was in 7 days so I had only two days to make the shipment.So whatever I have only a couple more clusters to deliver to make my shipment.So I check the missions, I have the choice of Brutal and Tough missions all with scattered deployment for one side or both sides.With only two days I decide I have to take on so I choose the Tough mission, and surprise surprise my luck gets two of my units basically sorrounded by enemies that get taken out before their turns because of their lower initiave.Which is the point I uninstalled the game.-BalanceGood god the balance is so poorly figured out no wonder multiplayer is dead.Skaven for example are king, they get 3 meters extra movement, which means they can outrange your charges and ambushes even when you have Bullcharge the AI still gets to ambush or charge you on even, you cannot do this.CoP is the weakest group as they are based entirely on RNG and have weirdly built heroes.I already brought up the weird mutant with pointless points in ballistic.Now let me bring up the possessed, absolutely worthless unit, Fear checks are almost always passed by the AI meaning he rarely gets the buff that would make him usefull.He has awful dodge unless points are sunk into it which gimps him in other ways. He is incredibly squishy, only clothing allowed.He has incredibly low DPS, only two attacks on start because he is always dual wielding thanks to bracers/mutations only which means he is always going to cost another OP for an attack.LOSING AN ARM MAKES HIM BETTER, honestly, if he gets his arm chopped off he gets a bonus in dodge, initiave bonus and can make three hits a turn.So in summary to squishy to tank, not enough DPS to be a glass cannon.-NPC handicapsThese are the worst.Skaven which should be a squishy race with high movement is now a terror because the NPC get a large chunk of extra health often given more health then your own units!Their leadership will also rival yours regardless of what your focusing on.It completely skews the feeling of progression.How am I a high leadership warband when EVERY warband has higher leadership regardless of stats invested?Why do I invest into alertness when my units can't ever break ahead of the enemies initiave?You will never have the option for Easy missions, Normal missions is you still facing enemies with higher stats, health, leadership and initiave.In summary.I'm at a loss with this game, I really like its mechanics, I really like how it plays.However the poor balance that hasn't been fixed, the dead multiplayer, the boosted NPC enemies, the constant RNG ♥♥♥♥ery.When I sit down and begin a match while the game loads I just think to myself, why don't I just flip a coin and leave it at that?"
,Not Recommended,276810,30478264,Posted: 12 March,all,Bishop,"Well I had some high hopes, it seemed like a good RTS but heres my opinion.1. Cool Concepts2. Graphics are eh3. Game is terrible, controls are so bad and the tutorials don't even show you how to play it basicly stops once you get a warband which is 2 minutes after starting the TUT. Game is so stupid it does not help you figure out what to do what the symbols are or what the hell is even going on which most cases im fine with but for this game you need some real understanding.4. The game is so slow too not just FPS wise but the turns lag on and your characters seem like they don't even know what they are doing.All in all I may try this game again down the road but right now im doing everything I can to not throw my computer out the window cause this game is so terrible.Basicly your odds SUCK no matter what you do you are F'd. You may think wow I did good on this mission and then the next on ""NORMAL"" you lose all your units and you get nothing. This game is fun but honestly its too freaking hard to do anything seriously i tried making another warband remade it and my very FIRST MISSION I get stomped on because thats how your odds are even 85% chance to hit you miss anyways so wtf is this game spose to just be fun for 5 minutes and then be completely one sided after? I cannot express how angry I am with this game."
,Not Recommended,276810,18929708,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Brostrodamus,"I would like to love this game but the devs are set on creating a game that involves serious punishment for even the simplest of mistakes.  Otherwise it would be a pretty great game.  I also think having multiplayer tied to single player is the single biggest mistake and why they have the severe punishment in place.  If they would just separate the two like it should be, then it would be back on my list of play.  Of course they won't do that so I wasted my money on this horse.  Oh well."
76561197994248416,Not Recommended,276810,20134822,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kamikaze [SWE],"This is the biggest pile of garbage since... ever. Nice looking and great gameworld. But WTF?! 8 times in a row missing out completely at doing any damage at 84%?! Not to talk about those OP effing Skaven... I have means to find people and I´m seriously thinking of putting them in to work, just to find and break every bone in the body of the programmer who didn´t put in a save function... I succeed in everything in life, why the F!!""#¤%%&¤% would i want to be forced to lose in a game?!"
76561198007929428,Not Recommended,276810,14339847,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Tarp,"Controls are clunky and very counter intuitive, small ""cutscenes"" constantly interupt the game play, there are no mouse curser so no tooltips, no free view so you have no idea where anything is, and the constant cutting between the same little animations are enough to drive a person mad.a good idea for a game made into a horrible pc game."
76561198000121639,Not Recommended,276810,14336956,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,[C2G]SoggyKaos,never got to play anyone  was never ready as early access game ..  so maybe the game is fun i dont know . waiting to see if they make it cool
76561197998695470,Not Recommended,276810,15551172,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,uberaxe,"Skip this game, wait for it to be done like Dawn of War, if ever."
76561198099329437,Not Recommended,276810,17504338,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kameha,"Can't really make my mind up on this game, sometimes its fun, other times i find it anoying... maybe thats because im crap at it?"
76561197993761811,Not Recommended,276810,19348463,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,darkwand,"First of all the loading times in this game are appalling.That combined with how long the AI needs do do things in combat is infuriating.Under that lies a fun game somewhere but it just get more and more frustrating to play after the first hours when it's all new.This games needs more work, if it get's it it's going to be great!"
,Not Recommended,276810,19368097,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lucas,"Overall, the game looks great, the warhammer setting never fails to impress - but so much of the management and combat is flawed it spoils what could have been a great game.+++ PRO's ++++ Great theme+ Customising your warband's visual appearence--- CON's ---- Poorly implemented combat- Losing a single game, even without heavy losses, can severly cripple you due to the way the money system is handled- Archer henchmen all but useless- You are discouraged from scavenging, if you scavange you are going to be hit by debuffs from traps and Wyrdstone, as theirs no way to win without routing the enemy Warband, you're encouraged simply to fight- Even if you win, the rewards can be very poor- The AI is always stronger, but due to poor tactical awareness it's often simple to trap them in one sided fights- Multiplayer suffers from everthing singleplayer does, theres no incentive to play against random people, only your friends- Dodge is the only way to go in this game, due to the strange buying mechanics and the fact your warband often loses their items, it's better to go with a 1 handed weapon and no shield on most HenchmenThe developers have stated they have no intentions of changing any of the above, so I would not recommend this game.Another potentially incredible game, ruined by poor planning and execution."
76561198064718011,Not Recommended,276810,23120621,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,fuku893,"Ok, so this game looks cool. Check.I like strat games. CheckSadly it is still a bad game. I will go into a few reasons why below:1)Relatively large boards in which you can clearly see your opponent but cannot shoot them with a bow until they are closer than the distance your typical unit could run up on with less than half their movement(strategy) points. This is...lame.2) You leveled up your guys and they are beast now right? Wrong. More than half of the abilities that you can train are, at best break even, lose this get that type abilities that you ground considerable xp and even more considerable gold for. Not to mention said beast is in training and unusable for days. All those other factors would be fine but why even train them in most abilities in the first place. Yes there are a few that might be worth your time and money. They are the exception.3) Your basic logic break scenarios. You can jump up here but not here so go around. You can jump off the second story roof of this building but not the first even though the hole in the wall is essentially identical. Is the icing that said throttle denies you getting where you want to go more often than not? You betcha. Were it not so might archers be a tad less bad than they are? You betcha.4) Let's not forget old reliable. The industry standard seems to be highly suspect RandomNumberGenerators. What do i mean suspect? After 18hours I have noone that gets substantially higher than an 80% chance to hit. Fine so far..maybe harsh but fine. I have several guys that get that 80% 2x per round. I can, in 18 hours, count the number of times said guys landed 2 80% hit chances in a row on just my fingers. this isnt even close to right and of course the lower chances are messed up the same direction. Now, VERY IMPORTANT, all of this could still be fine if the same misfortune struck the npcs right? This may come as no shock to some but you missing successes can be found right there. Tada.5) I could add more but you get the idea. Bad game."
,Not Recommended,276810,22303970,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,thundercok,"This game suffers from poor game design.  It is frustrating and not fun to play.  You dont ever get to explore the ruins and loot anything because the entire enemy warband is always engaging you by turn two, even though they supposedly spawned on the other end of the map.Combat is not fun at all.  There is no skill nor strategy involved.  Its basically whoever has better stats wins and every game you are up agianst a superior warband.  Sending scouts is fruitless because they only ever uncover even more impossible scenarios.I am very disapointed.  Never going to buy anything from this developer again."
76561198073125756,Not Recommended,276810,29007011,Posted: 4 January,all,Explo-blazer,"So, what about Mordheim - City of the Damned ?I would not recommend this game to anyone, except an hardcore suicidal masochist, it's a total waste of time, energy, and money !As a fan of Warhammer lore and tabletop games, and of games like Valkyria Chronicles and XCOM, i thought i would enjoy Mordheim as much as possible.Well, no. In fact, imagine a game where EVERYTHING (and when I say everyhting, I mean it) is determined by RNG. From the smallest jump to the strongest charge, every action is determined by a roll between 1 and 100, with a percentage of success.However, in Mordheim, the RNG is biased (if you look others reviews and Mordheim general discussions threads you'll see that almost everybody agree on this point). The developpers wanted to make an ULTRA hard game... and they failed.Mordheim is beyond hard or any difficulty you can imagine, it is designed to make you lose, whatever you do.You can try to adapt tactics and builds, learn maps and skills, play as safe as possible, if the RNG decides that you lose your WHOLE progess (generally dozens of hours) at this battle, trust me you'll lose everything at this battle, and you'll have to start again from scratch.Let me explain : AI's enemy units have huge buffs, even on the lowest difficulty, and the RNG works in their favor. When it says that you, as a player, have 80% hit chances (as an exemple) you'll see that you will never approach the 80% hits if you look at all your rolls. On the otherside, an AI unit with 60% hits chances will almost never miss.These two points combined, whatever you plan to do, you are forced to lose your warband at a point (after of course tryharding it for 30+ hours).This game is beyond difficulty and punitivity. It's just stupid and nonsensical.Another point to not recommend this game at all is the community. There are 2 kinds of people : The new players/the kind ones that are struggling to enjoy this game, most of them leaving it after losing another warband and 50 hours of wasted time due to 0.000001% set of circumstances that happen regularly in Mordheim ; and the 5% old veterans of the game, with 1000+ hours on it, and 10 warbands max level and full purple stuff. These guys will tell you anytime you ask for a bit of help to enjoy/understand the game things like : ""You suck, L2P noob and then come back."" , ""This game is too easy for me, you shouldn't have any problems unless you suck."" and their best argue : ""I have nor problem with my full min-maxed warbands so there is no problem in the game."" And the worst is that they aren't trolling at all, they are dead serious...Btw, graphics are cool, loading times are long, lore isn't respected and DLC are expensive. This game should still be an open Beta, it's full of bugs.Don't buy it ;)"
76561198089567395,Not Recommended,276810,29189801,Posted: 11 January,all,[GoT] Лисандр,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s developers! I had a squad of mercenaries to 96 percent success rate! I even looked at an overview of the mission of ""Palace of kontamination"". I was very careful and not lose fighters. But even temptress Luthor did not get never out of four! I deleted the rest Deson, but reinforcements were killing my squires for 1 course! And almost all of my team were 9-10 levels! Imagine how much you burned my nerves, ♥♥♥♥♥es! You have already talked about the mission, but you can not fix it properly, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"
76561198036094809,Recommended,276810,22358590,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,daisycutting,96/100.Is what you will roll everytime you try and climb a wall.
,Not Recommended,276810,21590304,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Maew,"I'm just feel tired just by thinking of writing the Con for this game in short- bad UI Sun Tzu said know enemy and know your self u win all the time right? , this game UI told u nothing except hit      chance and approx dmg- tactical map have only one layer when infact there's a 5 floor building that have objective loot in it feel free to run around the house- there is no any measure of how much you unit can shoot at thing from where they are the overwatch skill told you it shoot up to your main ranged weapon range but the weapon stat doesn't told you how far it can go loll joke up yours a..- map design block by the...... almost everything the year 2015 and this game still unit cant hop over the ledge go burn your movement point running around it- the animation just not good in fact it's so bad the charge is just your unit walk to the enemy and swing the sword the arrow hit everything except the target and he dmg popup amazing! right ?- the customization is just a preset u cant even choose the color u like- the turtorial let me give you an example u go to the golf course to learn golfat first course the instuctor told you to swing the golf club okay now you know how to swing the golf club now let walk to the second Course and bring the new golf clubnow instuctor told you how to hit the golf ball okay u hit it and it drop on the green the instructor told you to go to the 3rd coursenow repeat all the thing he told you and now u back at the green he told you how to putt okay next to the fourth course4thcourse repeat all above now he told you that u can win by put the golf ball in the hole............. all the 4 course can be done in just one course happy wasted your time !!!!- the optional obejective is almost un archivable since it required you to run around the map imagine playing XCOM that you cant shoot a gun and have to run pass all those alien to get the item for an optional objective and if u manage to win the main objective before archiving the optional objective it will fail- bad optimize graphicand many more!!!!!"
76561197979995039,Not Recommended,276810,19570189,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,BrikkHowz,"I've never written a review but i must about this game! Perhaps the best game and the worse game at the same time. The RNG seems broke, it is unbelievably frustrating to watch your warrior miss 10 times in a row, even though they have a 59% chance to hit.  In addition u ALWAYS seemed underpowered compared to the AI, i think this is done becuase the AI isnt smart they just cheat??  Did i mention missing 10 times in a row? So its a FUN warhhammer game but very very frustrating!"
76561197987195054,Not Recommended,276810,19569832,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,tophoo,"A really cool game rendered, in my opinion, nearly completely unplayable by its mind-boggling load times.I half expect to hear a 512mb hard drive spinning like mad in harmony with a CD ROM during the 90 second-plus loads before each and every battle. It's like being transported back in time roughly a decade, only lacking any and all nostalgia- which has been replaced with frustation and boredom.The keybindings are only selectively available for editing, which I find frustrating as hell, too.Would I recommend Mordheim?Not.. yet. IF the devs get the load times approaching something like modern 'standards', then, sure- like I said,, it's a cool game. At the moment, though, it's a bigger source of frustration and wasted time than it is entertainment.Steer clear for now."
76561198040460020,Not Recommended,276810,13862378,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PwH|Topper,"Tuturials: they don't explain anything. Mordheim tablegame is a very strategic game, and as in every turn based game, each move is very important. The tutorials should be more focused in making you understanding the rules of the game concerning ""how to create with your moves advantage situations in order to defeat the enemy""Skills: they are not explained at all.. again.. what's the point of using a skill in a strategic game if you don't know what that skills does?Animations: we are in 2015, the animations of this game are very poor..Graphics: the overall quality is good, but the loading time of the map is ways far too long.. After the graphic update to Unity 5, it runs at 2 fps on my laptop, unplayable.. (really 2 fps this game?? I can run Battlefield 4 with more then 40 fps..)Weapons: ranged weapons or spells are too weak..Overall: great idea to make a videogame of mordheim, but not in this way.. the feeling is that it's not a strategic game, but a game based on fate and casuality. I hope it will be better when it will be finished.At the moment I don't suggest to spend 32€ to have this game"
76561197960742994,Not Recommended,276810,19415923,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Norox,No... just... no...
76561198029609684,Not Recommended,276810,19407995,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BigDaddyC_666,Crashes. Won't Load. So far a good waste of money.
,Not Recommended,276810,14362093,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ComradeCleaner,Wait. Just wait. The game has a long way to go before completion. I like it but it needs polish and more features.
76561198085601796,Not Recommended,276810,31230670,Posted: 18 April,all,sirwowin,"very very bad, not good."
,Not Recommended,276810,19280954,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,RATBEAR,"So far unimpressed, will update review later with more play.- Game is unintuitive and requires wikis or watching the game's many video tutorials, for what actually are quite simple game concepts, why can't games have proper tooltips these days?- RNG makes the game unfun, missing most of your 85% to hit chance attacks and when you do hit you barely scratch 'em, just tedious gameplay- Long load times and having to wait for your opponent's moves makes things even more tedious- Graphics feel rather dated- Movement and controls just feels clunkyVerdict so far: Mordheim is awesome and party management has potential too but this game feels like a game from 2010 and not 2015. Hopefully it won't have been 27eur down the drain."
,Not Recommended,276810,29374817,Posted: 20 January,all,stigma_a4,"You buy this game at full price, but still need to unlock the additional warbands with more money. Dafuq?! Developers! Do you know what DLC means?"
76561198049561816,Not Recommended,276810,33847065,Posted: 27 July,all,Leprechaunbr,Goodbye my money! :(
76561197988951355,Not Recommended,276810,19122890,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Alfro,"Unless you enjoy sleeping in Fire ants  or slaming your face i a hornets nest do not bother. The Ai cheats constantly, making for a total waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,276810,24769365,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,rio5007,Not worth the time. Game glitches and support is horrible. Go download the rules for the real table top game. It is a way better investment
,Recommended,276810,31651951,Posted: 9 May,all,Ulderik,"This game is difficult.....and most people hate it for this reason ( bugged, crazy AI and so on )I LOVE IT!"
,Not Recommended,276810,19252551,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,mortalis7,"Was very happy to see this game coming out as I really enjoyed it when GW first made it. But after just two days I have come to see that this game just like Blood Bowl 2 are set to be just stupid over the top ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with how the injuries are handled as well as how hard the mission for just starting out warbands are. So very, very disappointed with the out come of this game. Like all of GW table top games and now computer games they are over priced for what you get. Guess I should have know but was really hoping GW might have pulled there head out there♥♥♥♥♥on this one. Waste of money and will have more fun chewing on broken glass then playing this game."
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,276810,21574156,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,kreia,enemies have sonar once one spots u every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ does you miss while ambushing a unit already in combat from behind yet thier attacks hit 9 out of 10 hits not suprised the reviews are♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009961816,Not Recommended,276810,19778728,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,seniorfluffy,This is a completely worthless and CRAPPY game.DON’T BUY IT
,Recommended,276810,16154439,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,M-A-X-E™,"i would love to have the game as a MMorpg instead with a third person and first person viewin a giant gameworld.im a Big warhammer fan of the MMORPG game : Warhammer onlineand if you could make the game even bigger i mean graphical and sound wise like Mordheimyou would get alot more to play the MMO game.And you need to have force join sides to balance the realms more !if you could make a warhammer game that had all the contents and graphic´s sounds and all that will pull the player´s  into a deep storie line with talking moveing Npc´s, deep warhammer lore, magic´s and spell details, active fighting style with block and swings, special attacks and so on .. reclaim able  arrows that remains in tree´s, doors or other wooden part´s and so on ..Detailed character and interactions ...and so on ...im just sick of warcraftand warhammer has just alot more to offer if you follow the lore of it.."
,Not Recommended,276810,24284647,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Karl Hunt,"Game play was ""Meh"" at best.Load times are insanely long even just moving between menues.UI is ungodly bad.And now I haven't even been able to get this to launch in over a month.Don't even take a chance on this one."
76561198001216533,Not Recommended,276810,19231570,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Dr.Askenase,"--short Review--Pro:Perm death = niceperm wounds = also nicecons:Random perks (mutations) that you gain as an level up and actually completly nerf your charakter = WTF?--long Review--If you are planing to use some of the skill points and gold that your characters earn to let him learn new abillites BEFORE he reach his maximum level then you shouldn't buy this game!for example:1 of your Heroes gain a skill point.You put alot money and all your skill points to let him train the ""heavy armor""-skill.But at lvl 6 and 10 your character get an random(!) mutation (perk)And if you are unlucky you got something like ""thousands eyes"".Now your hero no longer can wear heavy armor.The skill points are wasted.There is now way to prevent it.it is completly random and it will destroy your whole warband."
76561198372924506,Not Recommended,276810,31030430,Posted: 8 April,all,dudedudets657,this game is udder BS. Not only do they give the enemy units a easier time of hitting and killing your own they also set it up so you tend to miss 80 percent of the time even with high hit chance. Do not buy this game unless you want a ripe off. You might as well play the actual table top game because at least with that you won't get screwed as much
76561198005545691,Not Recommended,276810,17913081,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,X-the Unknown,I tried it and played it and didn't like it. Only 4 warbands ?? cmon that's a joke. Then all that really happens is some first person movement and some hacking numbers come up. It doesn't even show you a health bar or how many hit points these creatures have. You have no clue until you play how much damage these things are going to do and it's about like playing a game of checkers with basicaly I jump you and you jump me and only a mistake will cost you the game not strategy or tactics.I would wait for the $4.99 price on this one. Graphics are not everything and this one just isn't fun.EDIT: Dec 2016 this is STILL the worst POS game I've ever played. Glad I got a refund. Look at a lot of the other reviews. It went from a positive to a MIXED more negative reviewing after many started to see the game for what it was. A conglomerated mess and only still 4 warbands and they are going to charge you tremedously for other warbands in the future just wait and see.
76561198109371379,Recommended,276810,33625873,Posted: 18 July,all,Governor Derosa,"Amazing game, I absolutely love it"
76561198301959550,Not Recommended,276810,25504890,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,bearfield_james,"Thia game sucks.  Most of the time there is little to no strategy, just fight and hope your toons are not slaughtered. I was cursing in frustration most of the time when I played it. The mission selection menu sucks. I like to play at normal difficulty but most of the time the only missions offered were hard or brutal.  The character design is poor at best.  I really like to tailor my toons.  It's half the fun of any game I play, but Mordhiem had little selection of clothing, no selection for armor design, and next to no color selection.  Don't waste you money, don't waste your time.  ♥♥♥♥ Mordheim. ♥♥♥♥ Mordheim! ♥♥♥♥ MORDHEIM!!"
76561198007164263,Not Recommended,276810,19284385,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Y2KHippy,3 Minute load times for each and every adventure really kills what potential this game may have ever had.
,Not Recommended,276810,18942336,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Left4Bed,"Played it for a day and really enjoyed it. Slowly and paintstakingly leveled up a powerful warband, then enterered a normal mission, and the game crashed to desktop on the first move I made. Upon booting up the game again it kills 3 members of my warband and permanantly maims 2 more because 'quitting' a mission automatically counts as a loss and makes all members roll for injury.I'm not saying fix the bugs, crashes happen not matter what you do on the best of AAA titles. Build a temporary save mid battle so your game doesn't punish the player's for your bad code FFS."
76561198024021521,Not Recommended,276810,14595728,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,bristoljd,"Can't reccomend this game in this state.  The graphics, UI, etc... are so buggy the game is nigh unplayable the load times are some of the most obscenely long I've ever encountered and the devs seem only interested in providing content updates rather than fixing the actual playability of the game.  I get that early access is about helping to test the game in part, but the game needs to be playable and not a choppy halting mess."
76561198018973276,Not Recommended,276810,31386831,Posted: 26 April,all,ChildofGaia,Unfaithful to source material. Feels incomplete as a game. Really strange balancing. Oh and the DLC is hilariously overpriced considering they just retextured the base factions for the most part.1/5. Just play the real mordheim.
76561198049612033,Not Recommended,276810,14480847,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Shadowhart69,paid for the game. when it loads up go to play and nothing. go to training and nothing no game no graffs no art work nothing
76561197998017794,Not Recommended,276810,21578934,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ni,not possible to win. you might enjoy it if you like headbutting walls repeatedly
,Not Recommended,276810,25027916,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[BS] syderwarp,"Yeah the graphics look good. It follows the GW lore,etc. YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW ATTACKS WORK! How do you use other options? Do I have OTHER OPTIONS? WAIT? HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE OPTIONS? You will be guessing about wtf this does,can I see here? WTF attacked me? HOW? WHERE? Why this was made as FP RTS is beyond me. Feels horrid in playing in beta,and has still horrible game feel in release vs other true RPG/etc games of modern era. If it was 2000-05 yeh this would feel great, but not by this day's standards. If it was more like Blood Bowl 3rd over the Shoulder view would have been way better. I would not recommend and would not buy again."
,Not Recommended,276810,26061556,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Frater Nagelbett,"Imagine X-Com set in Mordheim. How great does that sound? Pretty damn great.Unfortunately, we'll just have to keep imagining."
76561198046278812,Not Recommended,276810,19588883,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Jesty,"Amazing game, and even though i am going to downvote this i will keep playing cause i spent 40 bucks on it.The games great, gameplay is amazing. Sure it lacks some customization in places and other stuff such as only a few factions. The real problem the percentages.90% chance to hit target. Misses everytime.You surround a enemy they dodge every hit then slowly kill you off and you lose. I've experienced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t situations like this many many times and i will kep experiencing them. The percentage system is not based on luck there has to be some underline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t programing in there that puts all luck on the AI's side. Its honestly mind killing when you have such a good game infront of you but you cannot get anywhere. Myself and multiple other people i know have had to restart their warbands 30+ times just to get somewhere and most of the time no everytime its not even past the first story mission. The game is poorly balanced in such a high extent its saddening utterly saddening."
76561198016505455,Not Recommended,276810,28727910,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Solo,"well gamesworkshop has let me down yet again, the games mechanics are broken and there is no restart for missions so if the game decideds to troll you you're just stuck with the outcome, which can be pretty frustrating when you've gotten so far. The permanent injuries sounds cool in theory but really it just ends up dragging you down a hole you'll never get out of. That's sums the game up really, the game almost right away trolls you and kills or injures your warband and progress is built from there. The undead are terribly overpowered and on top of the game playing like♥♥♥♥♥♥you have to deal with fear rolls n stupid stuff like that, so most the time your characters can only parry and sit and wait to be killed, nothing like spending 40 mins watching a game kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but it gives you the time to think ""why tf am I even playing this game. The characters are limited in what they can do with the enviorment around them and the gear grind isn't worth it cause half the time that character gets killed and loses the gear. So don't get to attached to any of your characters cause in 1 turn the game will put you in check and not only kill him/her but all the fun this game had to offer as well. Some will say oh you haven't put enough time into the game to know, some will say you must just suck at the game. Feel free to look at my library cause if there is one thing I know it's turn based strat. games. The graphics are cool, that's about it, but it's not enough to keep me playing."
76561198126823792,Not Recommended,276810,27581759,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,reshgore,i wont lie i played for like 15mins didnt understand the game at all if you like waiting forever for ♥♥♥♥ all nothing to happen like the world slowest game of chest then this is the game for you. i never made it to the point of fighting anything got way to board of the nothingness and waiting for my enemy to move forever
,Not Recommended,276810,28748537,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ninja Pipes X,Was expecting an RPG with a decent combat system and in-depth story. What I got was some kind of weird hybrid that didn't quite hit the great RPG or combat notes for me.
76561198019974029,Not Recommended,276810,24930577,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nickhoeb,STEER CLEAR PEOPLE!!!!
76561198009205423,Not Recommended,276810,34496132,Posted: 25 August,all,OM Dim,"This game is a project that failed. The idea is good but the delivery is lacking. A few delusional masochists may image that their persistence proves the virtues of the game. What virtues? The controls are POOR. the UI is disfunctional. The Campaign is boring. The combat system is lack-lustre. In total, the game is a major chore to play. If there were more nuances to the combat; some way that the player could use skill to get ahead it would be a good game. But there are not. This is a game without skill imput. Only dumb perseverence is rewarded. A masochist's grind.Then $10 DLC for MORE factions! why? Has anyone out there even 'finished' the game with the first four? Hats off to lunatics I guess. The modern X-COMs (1 &2) are great games. They are fun and tough luck is part of the joy. This is far from that standard. An idea that needs way more polish and depth."
76561198070846161,Not Recommended,276810,34043084,Posted: 5 August,all,rakkhot,"1. RNG destroys the tactical aspect of this game, sure it's a subjective feeling but I never had the feeling that the enemies had the same chance to miss as me. My attacks missed around 50% even with weapons who should have negated a part of the enemies dodge and parry chance, while the enemies could use weapons with an increased miss chance and hit around 75% of all their attacks, even if I used dodge stance.2. Why isn't there any flanking bonus? They have so many mechanics wich are just very annoying and confusing but something as basic as a flanking buff and/or debuff does not exist. Even though this would make much more sense than that you can miss an opponent right in front of you 5 times in a row.3. You have to wait for everything, wait until the opponent ended his turn, wait until the fight animation (always the same) has ended so you can start the next attack, wait until your character stands up slowly after falling down from a ledge before you can give new orders, loading screen between main menu and warband menu, loading screen between warband menu and fighting map, loading screen between fighting map and main menu....and so on. 80% of the game is waiting.4. The showcasing of information is one of the worst I have seen until today. Some of the texts are even going outside of the screen, that happens regardless of resolution and window settings.This....thing could've been a very engaging and interesting game if the developers would've given it 1 or 2 years more time to work on it."
76561197974423604,Not Recommended,276810,15823303,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,rickstir09,"Skirmish mode only with all other features ""coming soon."" Waste of money at this point!"
,Not Recommended,276810,34357932,Posted: 19 August,all,^Pirate ^Sam,"1000% BullDoNotBuy,"
,Not Recommended,276810,25909669,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Crusader,RNG DOESNT WORK!
76561198080241579,Not Recommended,276810,18844765,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Whatever,"Mordheim has a very appealing setting and good game mechanics. Unfortunately, all the game has to offer so far is spoiled by the fact that the game CHEATS. How else would anyone explain me missing 7 attacks in a row with a 80% hit chance?!? Its worse than XCOM, where you would constantly miss shots with 99% chance. Yes, the game has a higher than average difficulty and no way to adjust it, but forcing your characters to miss regardless of chance just to make it harder is just plain stupid.Besides, the AI sometimes freezes on its turn and you are forced to restart the game. If you restart in the middle of a battle, you lose it, and all your characters are injured. Its ridiculous.The spells and skills are extremely difficult and expensive to acquire, most are useless, and not even them are guaranteed to be sucessful when you try to cast them.At least XCOM: Enemy Unknown was fair: A 70 percent chance was REALLY a 70 percent chance (i.e. you would hit 2 out of 3 attempts). In Mordheim, 70% chance means u'll hit once every five attempts. This is simple math, it isnt justified by the fact that the game is in early access."
76561198006691853,Not Recommended,276810,24732427,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,truples,"ive replayed again and again.  my guys always miss, fail climbs, get stunned.  theres crit hit, get extra attacks so on and so forth.  Ive tried all races and all set up i can think of.  even in situation where i out number in a battle 4 to 2, my team will lose due to constant missing.  maybe its bad luck, but ive tried 10+ missions/restarts and same thing every time.  maybe its beatable with EXTREME luck, but that makes for a very boring game.  skill needs to mean more."
76561198071889677,Not Recommended,276810,15573074,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Kokuei,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT IT'S CURRENT PRICE, TO ME IT IS A CASH GRAB HANDS DOWN, THE DEVS WILL NOT LISTEN TO YOU AT ALL FOR YOUR FEEDBACK REGARDLESS OF YOUR SUPPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I originally reviewed this game with better respect for it, but after everything in the game has not been done, no content, and no unique warbands.For the price of the game just forget it, the games not worth buying, for me it was as if the game was a cash grab regardless.     Also the characters all look like crap except for rats...So yeah I really want a game that has a bunch of RATS as the best and well designed warband ever.... WRONG.ROFL, shows how much skill the devs have at game design."
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,276810,19041431,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Angry Man lvl 73,"Yet another ""It is fun BECAUSE it is difficult"" game.Don't ever think your guys are remotely competent because they will fail constantly. A 70%+ chance to hit actually means ~30%. I ran my first Campaign mission, was suppose to defeat the opposite faction. The problem: I never got a chance to even see the enemy that I was suppose to defeat. Skavens (mutual enemy) utterly decimated my army - the hit like a muscle-bound berserker and will dodge your guys attacks 75% of the time (combined with the supposed 70%+ chance to hit.Personal quips aside, I was looking forward to an ""above challenging"" experience that pushed the Player a little to build their own tactics for each run. But the fact that this is going the route of Darkest Dungeon makes me incredibly displeased and unlikely to play the game ever again.Posted this long ago - see it still holds up, regardless of how many dip♥♥♥♥♥ love taking the ""difficulty stick""."
76561197995224732,Not Recommended,276810,29346768,Posted: 18 January,all,thefigment,"Huge fan of the tabletop and play it as much as I can!I finally decided to play this, after knowing I wasn't going to like it, I decided to give it a shot.The mechanics are nowhere near the same as the original, but I can get over that, it's a video game - not a tabletop miniatures game. So far, so good. Customization was an addition that I enjoyed, really didn't think they'd have that.Then, after playing around a bit, I saw the veteren progression system, which gives you bonuses to starting new warbands, experience, item find, etc.That kinda defeats the purpose of running with a warband you love, and gives an unfair advantage over other players who don't have those perks. That turned me off completely to the game."
76561197997848176,Not Recommended,276810,19330396,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Milo,It has the potential to be good but falls short of actually being fun.
76561198009591569,Not Recommended,276810,19106177,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,pathass,"Now that the game is no longer early access, I decided to give it one more chance.It is the worst game I have ever purchased.Pros: WarhammerCons:- Isane amount of luck required in order to show moderate success (game is full of ""eff"" you situations/matches predetermined to end in a loss)- Terrible UI- Spend more time waiting on AI moves/load times- Tutorials are useless- too many times will a 95% chance to succeed REPEATEDLY fail when it is in the AI's favor"
76561198047481357,Recommended,276810,31549222,Posted: 4 May,all,༼ つ◕_◕༽つEl Abrazador,Good game
76561197994177990,Not Recommended,276810,17887730,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,vonnely12,wow what a compleate and total waste of money
,Not Recommended,276810,19319245,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NoteMEdown,"Loading takes a very long time, and the gameplay is super slow.If you are OK with that, you will love this game, very in depth.If you are not however, you will not enjoy your time with this game."
,Not Recommended,276810,19242034,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Prospero666,My computer is so far over the recommended settings I don't even know where to start but this steaming pile is so badly optimized that I was getting 5 frames per second.
,Not Recommended,276810,19331245,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,XeeX,Poor performance. Loading time is horribly too long.
76561198000034122,Not Recommended,276810,34903079,Posted: 12 September,all,Arcani,"No matter what you do, you will always lose and there is no way even set the difficulty. If you love Darksouls, this is game for you. It took only eight hours to kill all my interest toward this WH game."
76561197970953842,Not Recommended,276810,19596780,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xarchon,"In the huge world of Entertainment in today's Games why would anybody think that this is entertainment ?This is absolutely  Crap with a capital C and it is not only restrictive and helpful to players who just might want to try it out but it's another game that is on the market and is not cheap but could have been a game.At the moment it's just ,like I said before Crap and I will look for either Money back which won't happen or a playable piece of Entertainment .I live in hope    Don Wilson   Aussie Gamer enjoying REAL games."
76561198036304177,Not Recommended,276810,28511469,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,reisereise,this game crashes on me about every 5 mins.its so buggy and annoying to play.its not a finished game.
,Not Recommended,276810,24216388,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Goggalor,"The game is just so slow, that I can't recommend it. It has a lot going for it, but walls of text and enemy turn I can watch videos during ruin the experience. Couple that with the fact character progress is slow, and you have a true snail's-pace game."
76561198019780429,Not Recommended,276810,30581245,Posted: 17 March,all,Camrix12,Very boring and out dated.
,Not Recommended,276810,23280734,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,"It's rather stunning how badly they managed to botch this one, but they did.  All they had to do was make a turn-based squad strategy game, with a simple top-down perspective.Instead we got this disasterpiece.  Avoid."
76561198007234685,Recommended,276810,34858721,Posted: 10 September,all,Saxsos,heroes of might and magic inn a new realm.
76561198027750789,Not Recommended,276810,28921626,Posted: 1 January,all,Double_D,Third person turn based game? Not for me.
76561198036176928,Not Recommended,276810,24950400,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,withie,this
76561198027156837,Not Recommended,276810,22412670,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,evaroblee,"Well, I was on a mission to destroy 3 split up squads. So i gear everyone up and hire as many people as it lets me. Now this mission split up everyone in my team to hunt down forces that were supposed to be split up into small clusters. So seeing as how there is no minimap and no reliable way to meet up with your own squad that it was not your horrible idea to split up in the first place you run into 3 enemy bosses alone and die. Combat is limited to ambushing, parry, block, attack. Not only that but someone in a defensive stance would not only focus on parry or dodging would they? not likely.Over all seems extraordinarily poorly concieved and put together, much like this review.. although i don't charge money for my review."
76561198083921926,Not Recommended,276810,19179377,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,morethankris,"--you may want to skip the waffle--I purchased this game a while back while it was still in development.  I have always been a big fan of Games Workshop IP, and have loved specialist games like Mordheim.  As you can imagine I was very willing to assist with development by purchasing the game before its release.So I booted up the game and found quite a few issues.  The loading times are incredibly long, the text on screen is almost impossible to read (i changed the resolution multiple times to no avail) and the game was painfuly slow once it had loaded.  I put this all down to teething issues and felt happy to pop the game on the back burner and wait for the full release.--this part is the jist of this review--I have loaded this game up several times since release and each time it has crashed during the loading screen for campaign.  So I'll review what I can see.  The font is incredibly small on tutrial pop ups as well as briefing screens, to the point I cannot read most of it.  As mentioned before I tweeked my resolution to attempt to fix the problem to no avail.  Annoyingly that's all I can review as for some reason the game will not run.I am very annoyed that I made this purchase, and I am heartbroken the game dosen't work."
,Not Recommended,276810,31118737,Posted: 13 April,all,Sorrow,i dont preticularly like this game its not easy i tell u that be if u do like it you will have a blast but i dont recommend this
,Not Recommended,276810,19186131,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Talmorgoth,"You would be better off flushing 40.00 down the toilet than buying this steaming pile of crap. The interface sucks, the game play is horrid and the available choices are not intuitive. I am truly sorry I wasted my money on this game."
,Not Recommended,276810,26215989,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,♰ Morslyte ♰,"The game is nice, the graphics good quality, character models very well designed, but unfortunately the game is too simplistic. It is resumed to battle matches against the AI or online, no storyline, no NPCs, nothing. Gets boring pretty quickly. I don't recommend."
76561197984987862,Not Recommended,276810,26056205,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ix Vex Vile,"One of the worst games ive ever played. Mordheim without the painting, models, terrain building or fun."
76561198016505395,Not Recommended,276810,26124081,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sol Lunari,"I was really hyped when I first heard about Mordheim but after playing it, the game would have been so much better if it were designed around mouse+keyboard controls and from a more tactical perspective.  The interface and controls are absolutely terrible.  They may have designed it with a future console port in mind (console port confirmed), but for now pc players are stuck with incredibly crappy console style controls.  The interface completely ruined the game for me.  My friend and I got this for playing multiplayer and after a game and a half we've never wanted to play again.  I love all things Warhammer, but would get my money back on this one if I still could.  Normally I'd be saying it's a console game with a crappy PC port, but somehow this game started out as crappy PC port before there was even a console version."
,Recommended,276810,16123869,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,cody the poor,make the game cheaper and you would get more sells. but it is a good game
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,276810,28828665,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,per.christensen,"Horrible game - borring gameplay and mechanics feels like something build in the decade of 1990Graphics are dated, but reasonableWasted my money"
,Not Recommended,276810,20664780,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"Cannot skip intro logosCan actually be fun with a friend (if you balance teams, and it doesn't become a massive standoff)Campaign quite grindy. Was never that keen on finishing it after a really long time in my leader just *died* from a small wound, and I couldn't train another one easily."
76561198098025238,Not Recommended,276810,35426996,Posted: 2 October,all,Xtra.Large,Very complicated... it takes the fun out of the game.
,Recommended,276810,20777817,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Konrad,Konrad approved. If you know what I mean.
,Not Recommended,276810,34842895,Posted: 9 September,all,AmazingOtter,Completely different from what screenshots and videos show. There are so many better tabletop RPGs. Do NOT buy this - You'll want to refund like I did.
76561198196880028,Not Recommended,276810,13310660,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,newpilot4him,"long time rpg and table top war gammer, so far this game is poor at best. looking past the way that it currently runs, the movement set up is horrible . camera angles are crappy. the only hope is that when its all done the warbands and the skills tree will redeem some of the gameplay.  why not just make a hex grid game like xcom, but mordheim?"
76561198007965982,Not Recommended,276810,19182194,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Galverizer,Might as well play Heros of Might and Magic.
76561198005632071,Not Recommended,276810,22402887,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Blaster,"Interface is total crap. Menus are cluttered as f&$%. You have to play several hours of tutorials. The controls are only bearable with a gamepad. Playing turn based strategy with a gamepad is just wrong. I'm really dissappointed. Was hoping it would be more like blood bowl (which is awesome).  Maybe I will change my mind, but at the moment I can't find the motivation to play this any further."
76561198121203990,Recommended,276810,33642325,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,good-good
,Not Recommended,276810,16481446,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PotU,"i played, its dumb, i refunded, dont buy"
76561198011273160,Not Recommended,276810,24727141,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jake.martin,Meh at best....
76561198080468005,Not Recommended,276810,14656997,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,(Beer_Me)FLOPS,"Game is nowhere near finished , load times are way to long and simplest things like text chat are not even incorporated into this game yet , hard to find a multiplayer match and if you do its against someone so overpowered you may as well just quit , ohh and i had 4 guys left standing in my match and the game decided i was done and ended it with my defeat ???? ITS NOT OVER TILL EVERY MAN IS DEAD !!!"
76561198008020310,Not Recommended,276810,18668752,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TopMoistii,Horrible
76561197970696481,Not Recommended,276810,24825821,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Just a dream...,"Ridiculous,don't get off the Warcamp screen and play the game as anything I push not makes me go on. Stuck at the beginning LMFAO.I should not have bought it without testing. Waste of money.DONT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU INTEND HAPPYNESS =D"
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,276810,19224897,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,xsvenom,"Meh... It's nice to add to your collection if it goes on super sale.  I'm just not into this type of game as well. I am most likely the wrong person you want to take a review from, on this type of game.If you are a FPS gamer, you may not like this one. If you're into these games, most likely you'll love it."
,Not Recommended,276810,34846502,Posted: 9 September,all,themidnightjester,"Pretty, but I couldn't get into the game-play."
76561197981844718,Not Recommended,276810,23843190,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,remoh23,Just a badly design game.  Totally unfogiving save system.  Don't bother with it.  Better games to spend your time and money on.
76561198007239918,Not Recommended,276810,24357177,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Spills51,"If your not playing multiplayer then I'll give you a hint.Start the game, group your guys up and steamroll everyone.TACTICS...NAH NOT NEEDED.Roll in a group of four or five and you can't lose. SIMPLE>I like turnbased games.This one makes things so damn boring it makes me cry.Swing, wait...wait...wait more....Wakes up ""Oh is it actually my turn!"" Swing...repeat.The AI loves running into walls and wasting their turn btw.$40 lol. If it was $20 I would still tell you there are much better options out there.Save your money these guys don't deserve it.Unpolished and boring."
76561198031180032,Not Recommended,276810,26220230,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pinkie Swirl,"Game itself is ok, but DLC practice from hell, sadly."
76561198089263979,Not Recommended,276810,26107058,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Charlamanga,"Still plays like beta, already has DLC. My favorite title from GW and it's sadly a steaming pile"
,Not Recommended,276810,23899066,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Shlopinoupinet 🐷,"Overpriced garbage.-Horrible camera angles.-Going though all actions is horribly slow and destroy any rythme the game might had.-Artificial difficulty to its finest.( YOU ARE gonna miss 2/3 actions with 90% sucess rates)- 0 learning curv, it's just being good at RNG I guess.-Poor looks overall."
76561198064206596,Not Recommended,276810,18974376,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tyler Durden,"Brough the game from all the positive reviews, and gameplay videos, i tough it was interesting, game sux so hard, there is no skills, nothing, i just press attack with right mouse, end turn with right mouse and so on, its not interesting, as well its super hard to find a match, so you need a friend with same game in order to play online, save your money, don't buy, its not worth a cent"
76561197972571806,Not Recommended,276810,29510744,Posted: 26 January,all,Pride_Assassin,Love Warhammer games ... and the Warhammer campaign world!!!  This game however is simply unplayable!!!  Way to unbalanced!!!  Rubbish!!!!
,Not Recommended,276810,26347725,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,PixelatedDonkey,"I'd write something, but what's the point? Fanboys (don't bother commenting) keep this game from becoming a great alternative to games like X-Com. Developers don't give a damn about what the actual players want (as evident by horrendous UI, bugs and a pretence of the game having an actual RNG).If you are still on the fence about buying this game, don't. Don't buy it just because it's related to 40K*. Don't give this lazy studio your money.* to the fanboys: The reason I put 40K there and not Warhammer is because out of my friends who know of Warhammer those who also know of fantasy part of the universe are the ones who actually play games related to Warhammer and know the lore.  Secondly: how little I might or might not know of the lore has nothing to do with how poorly made this game is. Your comments prove that you are here just to rant and did not actually read what I wrote. Reread that particular sentence. If you still don't get what I am talking about then you either don't know as much about Warhammer as you pretend to know or you really are as stupid as you sound. Take your pick.P.S. As I pointed out right from the start fanboys should not bother commenting on this review, this is why I am deleting your comments. Aside from the fact that they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and have nothing to do with trying to prove that my opinion of how badly this game was executed is wrong."
,Not Recommended,276810,25454009,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Colfortis,I can't see why anyone would enjoy this game.
76561197975522360,Not Recommended,276810,13088633,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,korath,"SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO F******* disapointed!!! Have been waiting for this game even before it was in development. Bought it staright away on FAITH!! BAD IDEA!  Can't understand why not just port the combat system straight from the original tabletop instead of this mess!  worst of all is the visual wich is ""incomprehensibly for a turn-based strategy game"" in third person, there is a strategic view but only for getting your bearings, you cant issue orders in it.The One thing they seem to have nailed is the setting, but since that is pretty much just copy and paste from a codex that's not so big a deal.All in all, it's not worth buying, especially if you were a fan of the tabletop."
76561198064206553,Not Recommended,276810,24741381,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,I just don't care for it.
,Recommended,276810,24736748,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Warlord,"Who among you shall die today?Those are the words which are often said after the main menu loads.You should prepare.....Mordheim is a turn based tactical combat game. The goal of the game is to start off as a rag tag bunch of mercenaries and survive the city of the damned leveling up, obtaining new gears, new skills, and new heroes along the way. This game isn't for the casual feel good gamer however. During your journey to survive you'll have set backs such as permanent injuries and deaths. Don't get too attached to a character because as Murphy's Law states""ANYTHING THAT CAN GO WRONG, WILL GO WRONG"". That is where the RNG comes into play. Every action has a chance to fail or go wrong, but this also means it can also go well and work out in your favor. In Mordheim everybody submits to the RNG Gods...Although there are faction specific campaigns with their own unique maps, generally most time will be spent on side mission which are randomly generated. Everything in the game has a point rating from the lowest quality white dagger to the sum of a maxed out level 10 hero character with all gear spots full. This total determines your active warband rating and although campaign missions have a static rating allowing you to play them as a higher rating, random missions will always have around the same rating as you and your warband composition. This means every mission is as balanced as possible with no funny business, because let's be honest, there is enough funny business when RNG occurs. You may fight the same faction as your warband or different factions, but rest assured they'll look and act differently. The city of Mordheim although grim and dark may appear very similar, maps are randomly generated. This means obstacles, walls, traps, loot points, stones, and time of day all change between missions. Difficulty ranges from normal to deadly with the possible rewards in volume of stones and items present increasing, but this also increases the chance of being ambushed, ambushing, or having chaos demons present on the map which attack randomly. Mordheim is all about risk vs reward.Visually the game isn't that impressive, but not bad either. There are faction specific variations for all items in the game from swords to basic helmets. A white grade helmet is going to look vastly different on a Skaven than a Witch hunter for example. Beyond that there are numerous other visual options available for each character including numerous color options. Using a SweetFX profile to increase color vibrance and sharpness is recommended. The user interface although different than most games works well and is convenient. This isn't a typical mouse driven top down or isometric control scheme. Instead you use WASD to move characters like an action game then A and D to select actions and confirm with a mouse click. Pressing spacebar opens a half circle radial menu in which you can view different actions/skills/stance for more information if you wish. Hotkeys revolve around displaying the combat log window, buffs/debuffs, and character stats. Before you take an action whether it's trying to jump across buildings or stab a bad rat there is a success percentage displayed with most factors compiled and displayed on screen showing exactly how that end success chance is calculated.It is a difficult game. You have to play the tutorials and come to realize bad things will happen, but the point of the game is adjusting and continuing on. It's one of my all time favorite games because it's so unique and has enough variation and content to keep players interested for hundreds of hours. Multiplayer exists and you can either play for keeps resulting in permanent injury/death like the single player game or choose exhibition in which there are no permanent punishment or rewards. Whichever way you decide to play there is no save scumming(reloading because things didn't go your way) and results are permanent. You can play a warband forever if you want. After you complete the campaign you can continue playing. Here is a listing of that content and the vast amount of options that make it so re-playable. This includes all DLC.5 playable Warbands with 39 unique characters. Each character has 1 or more passive unique starting perks.All characters can have up to 6 skills and up to 6 passive perks. Casters can have 6 unique spells as well.All spells, skill abilities, and passive perks have 2 levels.59 available passive perks for each character + 3 unique faction specific perks.61 active skill abilities + 3 unique faction specific skill abilities.8 unique faction spells to use by casters.10 additional unique abilities for each DLC character (Poison Wind Globadier and Smuggler)Veteran system that unlocks and rewards more benefits the longer you play and complete tasks.12 veteran ranks with 149 total tasks to complete. Each rank rewarding you with different rewards.3 factions with 5 reputation levels each you can obtain further rewards from.9 stat point categories to distribute points while you increase in level for all characters.6 gear spots for all characters and up to 6 inventory spots for consumables.19 unique permanent injury possibilities.14 unique book/tome/grimore items to further increase stats on characters beyond leveling.Active warbands can take up to 10 characters at once during missions.You can unlock 8 additional reserve character spots for characters.8 unique campaign missions per faction with a total of 40 campaign missions.."
76561198078299053,Not Recommended,276810,29669832,Posted: 3 February,all,Jedidiah.,"bought this game a while back, its not too bad its just not what you expected everything is turn based the warparty is both mp and sp, and the difficutly and probability is crazy, didnt enjoy it never got past the first chapter. obviosly there is a learning curve and obivoulsy i didnt hop on that train but that just raises another issue, and whats the deal with charcter customization, years and still no faces?"
,Not Recommended,276810,34658201,Posted: 1 September,all,Babster,"Шанс того, что все 6 событий подряд, каждое из которых имеет 86% вероятности успеха, закончатся неудачей, составляет 0,00075%"
76561197992641212,Not Recommended,276810,17481296,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,chrono,"getting sick of this early access ♥♥♥♥ing garbage, send these ""developers"" back behind the counter of McDonalds where they belong"
76561198011310716,Not Recommended,276810,19165683,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Carter233,This game is pretty good but it needs a functional minimap.
76561198237378506,Not Recommended,276810,29773780,Posted: 7 February,all,Emerald,"They need to work on the tutorial some more, telling you what everything does. It doesn't feel quite user-friendly."
76561197997194211,Not Recommended,276810,13042883,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Alex,"Like quite a few have already said, this is early access.As the game stands now, I cannot recommend itFor the simple reasons, its not ready yet, it doesn't feel ready ,and I imagine it has a long way to go stillbefore the UI feels smooth and easy to use, and more parties are added.As things are you can play the game in skirmish mode, there's also CPU opponent support ,which in my mind is a great thing.Me not recommending the game now, is something I imagine will change, as things are added and the gameplay experience is improved. Playing an early-access game is almost always a mixed experience, and that is still true now.With so many things still missing from the full product, with the UI and control scheme still in need of work, I imagine you will do yourself a favour to wait,  so you're not scared off permanently from what will probably be a great product.(Don't let the small hour-count fool you, I have played it quite a bit more on a different Steam account, I mean what I write)"
76561198061972086,Not Recommended,276810,13493508,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bucket_of_skin,"needs much more work, so far not worth the money even though i know the game is not yet finished."
76561198056280357,Not Recommended,276810,25441572,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,patrickelens,"♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game* Completly broken. Zero informations on how to play it, beginning quest, everyone is 10 times stronger than you. You lose all the time and should have fun loosing. Broken balance, broken graphics, broken maps without any directions, all in all a broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t unfinished game to be fluseh down the toilet. Sadly no refund, of course. Seriously this is pure and utter fraud."
76561198012934320,Not Recommended,276810,23767426,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jerboa,"1/5 for me. Visuals, gameplay and mechanics are nice. All except the stupid hit rate and luck. Money and shards are way too difficult to obtain in the game. One defeat can cost you the entire game.In average. I get 2/10 hits even with a hit rate of 78-83 percent. Maybe you meant 78-83 percent chance to miss. Never going to buy from this crappy developer or company again. So freaking lousy. This game is not based on skill but of luck. If the game decides to go bad on you. Then ♥♥♥♥ing GG. STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING DEVS."
76561198054581910,Not Recommended,276810,13138989,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,beermonkey79,Very slow and difficult to move the units. Plus all units walk backwards. Great graphics though
76561198060445542,Not Recommended,276810,26309827,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,tenchi30,GAME IS TERRABL ! ENEMYS HIT  JUST ABOUT EVRY TIME AND YOU MISS MOST OF THE TIME ENAMYS  HAVE MORE HP THEN YOU AND SEEM TO BE STRONGER TO AND ITS TO HARD TO GET GOLD EVRY THING YOU SELL DASINT ADD UP TO MUTCH GOLD YOUD BE LUCKY TO GET 90 AND  MOST  IF NOT ALL THE WEPONS YOUD SELL ARE IN THE SINGOL DIGIT  AND THE SKILLS COST  SKILL POUNTS AS WELL AS GOLD STARTING AT 100 GOLD . IT SES ITS A HARDCORE  GAME BUT IT SHOULINT BE THIS HARD. AND MOST OF THE MISSINS ARE RANKED HARD TO BRULTEL. AND AFTER A BATTEL YOU HAVE A CHANS OF 1 OF YOUR SOLDIERS INGERD AFTER  BATTEL YOUD HAF TO PAY TO HEEL THEM AND SOME LOOS LIMBS  . I THINK THAY NEED TO PUT IN A difficulty SETING IN IT . I DONT THINK IM GOING TO PLAY IT AGEN .PS SORRY FOR THE SPELLING IM BAD AT IT
76561198271247558,Not Recommended,276810,23708292,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cranedog,very laggy . impossible to play
76561197985638454,Not Recommended,276810,21539506,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Ghostmaker,This Game sucks on an epic level.
,Not Recommended,276810,13029258,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Hollywood,"It pains me to not recommend the game but I feel like I must. I love GW games, and I think this game has great potential. That being said, I hate the fact of early access or ""paid betas."" Sure I asked for it by buying the game but basically at this stage you can only do one match, Skaven vs Mercs or Mercs vs Skaven. The game was fun however the current replay value just isn't there yet. I am sure in the next few months this game will become extremely fun and entertaining as the promises get fulfilled (fingers crossed) but until then, basically all you're buying is a loan to the developers/publishers. Give them $31.99 and they will give you $5 worth of game that may appreciate in value over time to what they expect it to be worth $39.99.***UPDATED***RA0H,I thank you for taking the time in responding to my review and I noticed you guys are taking an initiative to respond to reviews on a very granular level and I respect that. I can assure you that nothing is certain in such a fickle business and I doubt the game is fully funded and you only have the pure intention of getting feedback. If that’s the case why charge, why isn’t it free then when the full game is released it costs money? Video gamers for some reason make terrible decisions (like yours truly) with their buying power. I am sure everyone has heard of product testing and consumer feedback especially when you are kids. I remember growing up always hearing rumors of companies like Mattel offering kids money to play with unreleased toys and letting them know what you liked and disliked about them. You think when a movie company or a toy company asks consumers for feedback on unreleased products they go, “hey would you mind playing with this toy and telling me what you think about it? It’s going to MSRP for $19.99 but I will sell it to you for $15.99 then we can talk about what you like and dislike about it?” No? Or how about, “come watch this movie and tell me what you think, by the way I am going to need $10 from you when you get a chance…Oh you want popcorn too, five more dollars please.” Nope, doesn’t happen. These companies pay for the feedback, provide snacks, as well as a physical location to have the testing and feedback session. Now here we have the gaming industry and you get the advantage of having a digital platform for distribution. No facility is required to house such testing and you don’t have to provide PCs for your potential consumers. But don’t let the cost cutting stop there, we might as well get paid to allow them the privilege to tell us how much we suck or don’t suck. But why stop there? These people already bought the game unreleased, do day one DLC, you can also just not fulfill promises by release, then later fill them by releasing more DLC. It’s a cash grab, something that GW is most certainly familiar with and I for one feel like this is the most authentic GW tabletop to video game translation because you got the most familiar and ever so persisting thing about GW games. The sting of their amazing cash grabs."
,Not Recommended,276810,23849640,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mjprogue,"This game can't decide if it wants to be a turn based strategy game or a first person shooter.  It does neither well.  They advertised it as turn based, had they been honest and explained that they inexplicably decided to make character control be first person with bizarre circles, action points and no easy way to keep track of whats going on, I would have taken a pass.  Probably why they did it.I had high hopes and really wish these guys had actually made Mordheim for the PC instead of whatever this thing is."
,Not Recommended,276810,34201705,Posted: 12 August,all,I'm not gay but 5$ is 5$,And yet another regret purchase.Stay away.
76561198049821321,Not Recommended,276810,15966476,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,jacobthomasclifford,you can play around with four letters but ill start with ****! would you buy an unfinished car? soooooo stupid.
76561198020779080,Not Recommended,276810,13068214,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Suchy1989,slowrepetitiveboring
,Not Recommended,276810,34764619,Posted: 5 September,all,PurpleXVI,"Even if this game gives me a million dollars tomorrow I would still downvote it just for the UI design.How is it possible to get so many things, so wrong, without actively trying to?And please don't try to voice-act every line of text if your VA budget is ""guy who eats things out of our dumpster."""
,Not Recommended,276810,13029478,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Leszek,"There is no singleplayer in the game - or at least it is hidden so deep that I wasn't able to find it.Also what really disappointed me is that the gfx quality is much lower in the game than in the screens.If you are on the fence, better wait for some more time."
76561197996616983,Not Recommended,276810,31537163,Posted: 4 May,all,Balm,THIS GAME IS STEAMY HOT DOGSHIT SERVED ON A DIRTY PLATE WITH A SIDE OF HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥SOUP.
,Not Recommended,276810,28575619,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,slayerLDSK,"sucks, was almost good"
,Not Recommended,276810,29772458,Posted: 7 February,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"Very poor game, Some time crash"
76561198058288593,Not Recommended,276810,13027945,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,andysdixon,Not bad... but early access only gets us 20% off? this is a $160 game? really? I'd expect like most early access games its a one time payment... please reconsider
76561197969191562,Recommended,276810,26924639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-Turbu-,Want to yell at your computer for hours on end because dice ♥♥♥♥ed you over? Mordheim City Of The Damned got you covered.Want a wall like difficulty curve for beginners? Mordheim City Of The Damned got you covered.Want a game with forced ironman mode always enabled? Mordheim City Of The Damned got you covered.Want a game so grim dark that even the living women in the game look like the ugliest of men? Mordheim City Of The Damned got you covered.Want a game that will constantly throw curveballs at you? Mordheim City Of The Damned got you covered....And you will love it. Only recommended for people with tendencies to masochism.
,Recommended,276810,13070546,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Uncle,"Игра может и будет неплохой в будущем, механика обнадеживает, но пока контента крайне мало, играть одни скирмиши скучно.The game can and will be good in the future, mechanics encouraging, but the lack of content all the spoils, play skirmish only boring.p.s. Ok, after 1 year game made good progress, a can recommend this game"
76561198040058499,Recommended,276810,13921213,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Talixmer,"Being a huge fan of the table-top game, I was really nervous about this game.  I didn't want it to shatter the greatness of the gameplay of the original.My fears were put to rest almost immediately.  The game really brings the feel of the table-top game to the PC.While still in Early Access, the game plays great.  I can't knock the game for a few of it's shortcomings (The map camera, disappearing terrain) because Early Access means you get a few bugs, and I am confident that these small concerns will be addressed when larger priorities are completed.Great Early Access game and eagerly await future content!"
,Recommended,276810,13944903,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Delthanesh,"I generally despise early access titles, from a pragmatic point of view and a philosophical view. That being said, Mordheim is an incredible game, especially in this early version. Allowing multiplayer skirmish and warband items management makes this more functional than many other full games.The High Points:-AAA Graphics and Terrain. This team is one of the few that actually gets the central aspect of cover in a WH game.-Skaven and Sisters of Battle. Not since dawn of war has there been a focus on allowing multiple races, and not just the ones that make GW the most money. I hope they expand to Undead, but having these two factions in early access is huge.-Good Tactical elements, bringing the core ruleset to life. There are a lot of GW games that are not worthy of the name, but Mordheim is a shining Paragon of what a good WH game can bring to video gamers.-Blending AAA Third Person movement with a tactical game. This is one of my favorite things, and i would love to see more AAA Strategy games take this and modernize the RTS genre. One of the worst things is that the RTS Genre hasn't really improved over time. This isn't technically an RTS and more of a Tactical game, but the point is it is an innovative style.-The possibilities: This game has HUGE potential, and I pray dearly to Sigmar that they will follow through and get the support they need and dont rush this.The low points:-Its early access. The better parts of leveling up your warband has yet to come, but if implemented fully, it will be amazing. That being said, I don't really have faith in gaming companies, and I hope they can deliver.-Only 3 races and 4 planned as far as i know. I would love to see all the races being implemented, even if quality does trump quantity.-Camera issues when attacking. Pretty annoying but not game breaking. It is immersion breaking though.-Not sure if they can manage to implement all the features that will truly make it Mordheim but its on a roll right now.-Not for pure action junkies. It is for tactical and strategy junkies. Warhammer is a cult phenomenon, and they have yet to come out with a title that competes with most AAA titles like CoD, Mass Effect, etc.Overall, if you like tactical games and warhammer, get this even in early access it is fun. Probably not worth the money until warband management and levelling is in play, though. I have faith in this title and you should too. Unless we are proven wrong."
76561198011566675,Recommended,276810,13894339,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,baruch,"Dear All,the game is really great and fun to play.when will be ready?hints:some times fighting on stairs the computer does not deduct lost lifepoints?you should be able to zoom a little bit away from the character not to much but i would be great to see more of the next near surounding.hope to see many more possible warband races.love the great work!thank you guys from all my haert form an old school warhammer a specially mortheim lover.Thanks againB"
76561198052664278,Recommended,276810,13544069,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LtGary,"I am a big fan of the table top game that this originates from. This game is fun and does a decent job at keeping some of the same elements from the table top version, but it takes forever to play one game"
76561197975511600,Recommended,276810,13598301,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Guenther Zhrhard of Ostermark,"Alpha it does have its bugs, but i am excited and can not wait to see the final product."
76561198015156118,Recommended,276810,13604669,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Eirkaid,"The atmosphere and graphics are pretty good. I personally like the Skaven, the rodent race. Can't wait till they have more of the modes and features in.  My one thing against it is the miss/fail system, The first skermish game I played, I got rolled by the comp mostly due to it getting crits and, a large portion of my attacks missing. But over all it's pretty cool."
76561198014692808,Recommended,276810,13418346,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Defcon1,"I never played this boardgame but I do love the Warhammer world and this game really brings it to life, I can't wait for the full release, very good game"
76561198015778444,Recommended,276810,13419523,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,L.D.S.K.,"As the first game I have reviewed on Steam I would like to point out that this game has a lot of potential. As most early releases there are still a lot of bugs to work out, yet I find myself having a lot of fun just doing simple skirmishes against the AI. Multiplayer is already available, there also being three premade Warbands to choose from. Considering the game isn't even finished I am impressed, eagerly awaiting the updates they have already mentioned. I believe things like character progression and customizing units will really make this game shine (and clearing up cinematic/gameplay bugs), but for now I am pleased with what is currently available. Keep up the good work with those updates!"
76561198049218186,Recommended,276810,13430789,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DJTrouts,I cant wait for the full features. These graphics and controls are awesome for a game of this type.
76561197997025257,Recommended,276810,13369093,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Skeletor,"Ok, so I've had to keep myself in check considering this is early access and there is still a lot of work to come. So I am loving it so far, it is a great adaptation of the original game and fingers crossed they are keeping a close eye on early access feedback!"
76561197982148163,Recommended,276810,13204855,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bravesteel,"NEW REVIEW:  Many of the camera problems, I am happy to say, have been eliminated in the current updates.  The campaign is here and it looks like it will be a lot of fun.  The game garners a resounding ""YES"" from me now as I actually feel like the game is playable in its current state.  The only comment I would like to pass on to the developers is that the lack of a complete tutorial places the new player in front of an overwhelming amount of choices and options.  I believe a comprehensive tutorial that isn't just a text box would benefit this game greatly.  Warhammer and Mordheim fans, you won't be disappointed.PAST REVIEW: I will say that for Mordheim: City of the Damned captures the feel of its namesake very well, providing a gritty skirmish experience set in the Warhammer world.  However no amount of ""feel"" or ""essence"" can cover up the fact that this game is obviously still very, very, VERY much still in Early Access.  The constant shifting of camera views, the clipping of the camera into random objects during combat ""cut scenes"" and inability to simply have an overhead view where I can control my warband kept me from completely enjoying the game.  Die hard Warhammer fans will enjoy the scenery and the little comments about Chaos in the loading screens, but the average gamer will not find much to thrill.  I appreciate that this is Early Access, but I believe that there is such a thing as too early of an Early Access.  The game overall garners a ""No"" vote from me, and I feel like I'd have to wait for a Mordheim: Chaos Edition to truly knock out all of the bugs.  Personally: a dissappointing purchase."
76561197972716267,Recommended,276810,13335594,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Raal,This game shows great promise. There's not a ton to play right now but what's there is very solid. If you liked Mordheim suppport this game!
,Recommended,276810,13281543,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Thaddeus,"Seems like it will be a great game. The bones are good, but I'm waiting until the RPG elements are there to really invest time into it."
76561198035860969,Recommended,276810,13290389,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Psycho Bastard,Loved the tabletop version of this game and still play it to this day. This recreates the fun factor of the game rather well and look forward to seeing the game grow
76561198167002901,Recommended,276810,13310790,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,blaincort,"So far the game looks great, the models and  eviroment feel right which is important to true Mordheim fans. So minor glitches but as this is my first Early Access game I assume this is to be expected. The most frequent issue is that certain models do want to walk up stair ways mainly the ogre but the human wizard has had the same issue. All in all I'm loving it just keep the content rolling"
76561198095540235,Recommended,276810,13312727,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,mat,"As a life long fan of Games-workshop, I have seen some hits and misses when it comes to adaptations of thier creations. I think if development continues in the way that it seems to be going this game can definately be a hit."
76561198084222519,Recommended,276810,13313149,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MrPervSan,"Let me start this off by saying I don't write reviews. Ever. I always read them and I always base my decision in getting a game on them. Today, I come to you as a humble man who has, for the first time, truly enjoyed an early alpha game. I've played other titles, Starbound and other fancy early alpha titles, and I always had the sense of regret in them. Saying to myself, ""Damn! Another $## wasted on a game I'll look at my library gathering dust."" (Trust me, I own tons of those titles) But this one...This title has made me enjoy sinking in the cash, supporting the growth. Why do I love it? It gives you EXACTLY what you pay for: A Tabletop game with tabletop attributes. There have been other projects that I've seen as ambitious as this title, but nowhere near as close as fulfilling as this one.I do warn those who aren't as interested in table tops as I am in: This game is quite a stone to pass if you don't have some time dedicated to learn the game. I was quick to frustration at the numerous spells in the game, mainly for Skraven, and I didn't understand half the time what was going on simply because there was no tutorial (Till I found it later) on screen. If I had to compare the experience of this game to another, the Valkyria Chronicles titles are an easy match.Tl;Dr Version:Not sure? Ask yourself:- Are you into Table tops?- Do you like RTS?- Do you like Valkyria Chronicles?If you answered yes to two of the three, I consider buying this early alpha."
,Recommended,276810,13181067,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MrLally,Can't wait for more content.
76561198038426777,Recommended,276810,13398607,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Revan,"Is great now, but will be amazing when completed. Reminds me of Gladious back in the day mixed with awesome.Edit for most recent patch:Been playing it every chance I can get since the lastest patch, and man it exceeded my expectations, and that's not to be taken lightly considering how high my hopes were.This is a very addictive game, at a super low price. It's xcom meets mordheim meets everything you could want in a tactical turn based game.The developers did everything right, and took feedback very seriously, even took suggestions such as random names for AI units. (Warms my heart going against a Jaesik, or Aldremis)This game is still not fully released, and still feels like it has more content and replay value than many AAA titles.One beautiful thing this game did better than XCOM, is that in the full release, you can actually do skirmishes with friends and treat it like a normal battle (Looting their items, fighting their units) and actually gain XP for your story warband, and actually progress your campaign by playing against them. I personally cannot wait to play a friend every third or fourth battle to see how I stack up, and it's awesome that it's my actual story mode warband, and I can gather items and get XP by playing them.Seriously guys, this game is a 10/10. It has some minor uncommon bugs, like all games do, but nothing that could touch the 10/10 this game earned."
76561198064045968,Recommended,276810,13849407,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,legendroadkill,solid core game. can't wait till its all in place.
,Recommended,276810,14323025,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pixcil,"If you are a fan of Games Workshop, Warhammer or turn based strategy, then this is a brilliant rendition.  Want to play more but life is keeping me busy at the moment.  Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198071625761,Recommended,276810,14325409,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,abandnhope,"played through a few times, atm not much there but the game has got some good bones. If these guys follow through i think it could be great game."
,Recommended,276810,14327707,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ᚠᛟᛚᚲᛗᛉᚱ,"Could be realy EPIC game. Usually I prefer to not buy ""Early Access Games""... I know what it means but... Damn, sometimes it stucks for no reason, Free attack bug for example: when enemy flees and this stuff appears you can't attack but you can switch characters, move camera or zoom out to map. You just can't act or end turn anyway (also UI desapears).Whatever. I've bought it and I hope it will help developers to make great game about one of my favorite universes but for now I'll wait until v1.0Anyway, if you are in love with warhammer settings and games - IMO this game is the best WH PC adaptation for now (WH40k:DoW was disbalanced and real-time, and space marine was terrible with creepy action gameplay of early 2000s. It's realy strange Rogue Factor guys is first ones who figured out how to make game based on game)."
76561198028580883,Recommended,276810,15420128,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TheKazz,Awesome Game but not something I am going to sink much time into in it's current state. Their is pretty decent custimization of your units but xp gain is disabled at the moment so you only get it if you choose to start your warband at max level. Plenty of bugs right now but not as many as I was expecting I did get a couple infinate load screens which isn't awesome. Enemy AI could use some work I think the only time it's done any significant damage to me is when I my army started completely scattered across the map. Also no in-game menu and even the main menu leaves something to be desired as their are not graphical setting wat so ever and again no in-game menu means you can check key binding during a match if you forget how to do something. Also the lack of graphical settings makes it a matter of trail and error to get it set to the right setting in the startup window. Overall it's a game I am really looking forward to once it's in a more complete state.
76561198009466298,Recommended,276810,15299684,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,jon_lad,Pretty Good so far needs quite a it adding though cant wait for character development.  Hoping for a necriomunda mod too
76561198010818636,Recommended,276810,15405239,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Nirob,Perfect transition from Tabletop too Computer game! Must buy for warhammer fans
76561198164903139,Recommended,276810,14330187,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Neccros,"Hi.I'm having a problem wen i try to start the battle.It says:The game crashed.The crash report folder named ""2015-02-04"" next to game executable.It would be great if you'd send it to developer of the game!I don't really know how to tell to the developers of this game.Any way i put it here."
76561198027674599,Recommended,276810,14521439,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,solbis_,This could be a great game once they get all the things that make Mordheim a great game in place. For example campaigns and experience for your warband. I am really looking forward to seing what they can do with this!
,Not Recommended,276810,15426496,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jaykles,"I'm kind of upset that the second video says ""campaign features blah blah blah"" and then I buy the game and the campaign still says coming soon. I'll change my rating when the game is more fleshed out.edit: I am 100% for Mordheim and know this will be an amazing game in the future. I was sincerely surprised that the video mentioned a campaign that wasn't there and my review ONLY reflects that I would not normally buy or recommend a game in this state (Random battles only, practically no customization, no leveling, no story). I am looking forward to turning my no into a yes in the near future, specifically when warband management comes into play and also the campaign. Only buy this game now if you're ok with random battles that have no effect on your warband."
76561198165793757,Not Recommended,276810,15439546,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,mdelorme693,god damn game cant even run for ♥♥♥♥ sakes
,Recommended,276810,13980498,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Stormwolf,First impressions are pretty good!I'm a huge fan of turn based strategy and of the Mordheim IP.Grab it while it's cheap!EDIT: The game is becoming beter and better. Early reviews should be taken with a grain of salt. There is still a whole lot of work to be done but at least they aren't rushing.
76561197986030328,Recommended,276810,13883148,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Brando,"So far this game looks amazing.  The only difference from the table top that I have noticed so far is  each ""guy"" goes in order of their own personal initiative instead of moving all your pieces on your turn.  Warband xp hasn't been added yet but from what I've read and watched everything in the tabletop version will be implimented in some form or another.  Keep an eye on this one gents! I look forward to orginizing a few binge Mordheim weekends with ya'll to rival those of the past."
76561198026626109,Recommended,276810,13022893,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,tomjo66,"It took a year.I paused this game in January 2015, been with the game since steam early access begun.And the devs have been working hard, and been very close to the community and for that only they should have a gold star and praise.The thing I lacked was warband progress and a a campaign to play around in.This did not happen until this week.But the work they have done since I last saw this game is amazing.For you who love turnbase strategy rpg, this is a must buy.Old review, so you will not be confused.;This is a promising game. But for those 31 euro you pay now.Its just a gloryfied demo, and you will feel cheated, as I did.GW is a big and respectable company, but this is for now a scam.Dont buy now wait.For now this is what you get.No campaign what so ever no troop survival or xp.Just randomly play deaths matches without any consequence what so ever.Its a freaking demo, that should have been free.Plus at least for me, I can’t turn the bloody camera from pan around my toon. Allt the time, the camera goes in circles. which make the game at least for me unplayable.This is games workshop, not some dandy new developer.Come on GW you charge 31 euro for a game that have tops 15min of original game play."
76561197992692496,Recommended,276810,13166736,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sgt.OddBall,"Should be a wonderful addition to my Games Workshop titles. Can't wait till it is fleshed out complete and ironed out.CPU team is slow to make moves after you cut 4 of em down in first four rounds but other than that , no real complaints.Solid game in its current form"
,Recommended,276810,13174875,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Caligula,"This is an amazing game. Not only is it a faithful representation of the TT, but this is the most stable, fluid early access title I've ever played. I haven't had a single crash or hangup the entire time I've been playing.The amount of content released right now is a little short, but due to the wide array of skirmish scenarios, no two games will be the same. The maps fully take advantage of the 3d aspect of the game. Structures have multiple levels, all accessable by climbing a wall or using stairs. Each map is quite large, and the game has many different deployment types, which utilize different areas of the map. These maps are large enough that I've fought a few times in the same one without realizing it.The attention to detail and the response of the devs is another greast aspect. The devs are active and vocal about their game. I fully believe that they have the capability and the enthusiasm to keep this game fresh and faithful to the TT."
76561198117743805,Recommended,276810,13180219,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Quarterelf,"I have played GW games (all of them) for around 30 years now, along with other tabletop games and just about any video game worth mentioning. This may become one of my favorite games ever."
76561198012706394,Recommended,276810,21034226,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,arcticdawn,"Mordheim miniature war game is a great memory for many of us gamers, painting up minis, duking it out with our friends, raging at the arbitrariness of some of the rolls and how easy it is to die.  Well, the rage comes through pretty well in this video game adaptation of the table top version.  The miniatures are brought to life in the City of the Damned, which really serves to bring us into the dark world of Warhammer.  Bottom line, it's really cool.  That said, there are things it does not do right.First and foremost, it is not a faithful representation of the mechanics of Mordheim.  Second, and most importantly, it only includes four of the warbands.  Frankly, I think this was a gravely stupid choice, but I didn't make the game, so I don't know what constraints the devs were under.Bottom line - I recommend the game.  It will not live up to its true greatness without the variety of warbands that the tabletop allowed for.  Here's hoping they at least expand to 6 total warbands, if not more."
76561198005596619,Recommended,276810,19942227,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,VladK02,"Fantastic game, highly reccomend.Multiplayer is a bit hard to find a game due to poorly made lobby and lack of chat, but i think they will fix that."
76561198023581928,Recommended,276810,19950714,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,inquisitor T.Caffery,the game is very cool but it crashs and runs very slow unless i play in window mode trun graths to low re size the window and i have to do this evey time i what to play this. it runs fine after all that.the gameplay it self is good a lot of the time it well kick you so hard in the head you forget what happen next thing you know your kill happy skaven named skullsmasher is missing a leg.this game is fun and hard there is a some things i wish they change like you have to get a item form the bad guys cart but when you get it they run away and that missoin is a fail becuse you have to put it in you cart you win the battle but don't get a bouse for have the item in cart.one more thing is i wish there was more warbands there only 4 you can easy make like more in dlc ples!!!
,Recommended,276810,20012138,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Keltik,"plays just like the table top game, level up your war band and enjoy. Most bugs have been fixed since early access, really enjoy this now. Just wish the war bands would be a bit more customizable."
,Recommended,276810,20038236,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Konrad,"Really nice game, with only 1 major flaw.Gameplay much like XCOM, but diffrent enough to be it's own game.No storyline, but not really needed since the game is centered around leveling your warband with diffrent skills (a bit like the skll system in bloodbowl)The major flaw is Loading times. normaly i don't mind loading times, but this is really anoying. Everytime you start a new map (about every 30 min) you have to load for 5-ish min ON A HIGH END GAMING PC (no i'm not kidding).I have never seen a game taking this long to load 1 map. Yes the map is very complex with some random generation, but this loading time is ruining the game experiance :(Would still recommenf ait a go tho!"
,Recommended,276810,15425153,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Caboose,"Full Release of GameA complete 180 from where it was before. Its smooth, polished, animations are solid, voice work is good as are most Games Workshop games. The Game and its mechanics function very well for a new company and I am pleased with the game overall as I think it does it justice for the Table Top..The Lore seems a BIT off as they mention skaven as a legendary underground foe(or something close to that) but in all my readings and research the world is more than knowledgable of the Skaven threat. Also they say that the Imperials thought the Astroid was the Hammer of Sigmar coming to destroy the city BUT in my past research of the old Tabletop game the the Empire thought that it was the return of Sigmar to the Realm so thousands of additional people came to the city to see it and got blown to crash when it hit. Also Warp Stone was already established before the Astriod hit and the game acts like it was the first time the world found it.Update 8The Warband system seems much more polished and simple. The controls are smoother and make more sense. The game overall is much more user friendly and the controls make more sense now. I really am excited for this game again after these improvements. I cant wait for the final release of the game and all the promise it holds!!!Update 1When I bought the Early Access, the game was not ready for it at all but they have made great strides with every patch and it is now barrable to play. If Rogue Factor continues to fix this game with the same tempo then this will be a great game. All that aside, this game is a little unweildy and WILL BE off putting if you dont want to memorize all of the icons and stat mods. The controls are just weirld and the action prompt makes no sense, like they wanted it to be different for the sake of being different when there are any number of good games they could take from. Solid game if you can rangle the crazy... it is Early Access after all."
76561198043773879,Recommended,276810,20438331,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Thannak (La Papa Grande),"If you like tabletop games, if you're an oldschool Warhammer (the GOOD one, not the Buzz Lightyear knockoff) fan, and if you want the difficulty of Dark Souls on a turn-based tactics game, play Mordheim.If you want an easy game, try something else. Enough said."
76561197991502732,Recommended,276810,20429661,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,warrenchew,simply great
76561198023198981,Recommended,276810,19303170,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Alx Koonz,"Ok. Like every game u throw on this market, a difficulty marker only affect CPU cheat dice rolls. 4 78% hit in a row miss while the opponent get all his impossible rolls. Why can't you make a challenge without make CPU cheat with dice...For the moment, i still recommend the game. More than 14h on two day... but OMG.... 4 turn in a row, two attack by turn for my chief, 78% accuracy and not ONE attack hit the target (with 4 hp...).This can't be possible. It's like rolling a dice 8 times and only have 1-2 in the result. Impossible."
,Recommended,276810,20422138,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Shir,"Easy recommendation.Map variety might not be great, yet, but even after 50+ hours it is far from getting boring. That is 50 hours on 1 of the 4 factions...only campaign (singleplayer).AI is not on par with a human opponent (whoohoo!) but the game is far from easy. You learn to use your superior intelligence, i guess ;) Improvements will be made here i guess.There is no savegames, error is error, death is irreversible.I didnt care about loading times or graphics or the price. On a turnbased tactical/strategy game i cared about character development, atmosphere, long-term motivation. Tumbs-up on those 3, hence the easy recommendation.Great for players that need to afk often and just play a few movements at a time.Game was 100% stable for me (Win8 64bit) and i encountered 0 bugs or crashes yet.I could list the things that should be improved, but it has been mentioned plenty of times and for kinda V. 1.0 the implementation is totally fine.If you are looking for turn based and can live without total handholding, get this."
,Recommended,276810,20433360,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zoey,Quick complex i'd suggest playing something simpler like XCOM 1st it's basically that if the RNG was your worst enemy and he just took your Girlfriend/Boyfriend.
,Recommended,276810,20418199,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cawpikolo,"Fantastic game and one of the more unique games I have played in the past few years.Story is simple very rich city goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥when a huge meteor comes in and decimates everything. Demons pop out of it and start eating people. 4 factions come in and start killing each other for control over the precious materials that was left by the meteor.All factions are unique in their own way the rat people or skaven are usually very good at dodging. They excel in swarm tactics meaning you want 4 guys on one and beat him into the ground before stealing his wallet. The majority of their faction skills also support this play style by debuffing opponent's offense points with poison per hit. Their weakness however is of course they're low on hp or ""wounds"" and their range is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥where all they have are ninja stars. Their impressive is great but the rat ogre is as stupid as a pile of bricks possibly dumber since he can spend 3-4 turns sitting in a corner taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥while the rest of your army is getting beat to death by women with hammers the size of babies.The sisters of mercy are very ironic in which they have no range whatsoever and concentrate on going in heavy and crushing people under their hammers. They have no range troops but have helpful spells. Their impressive unit is a woman blessed by sigmar that does large amounts of damage.The reikland or average joes are just your regular band of boys coming in to make it rich. The got guns guns and guns but they can go in heavy. They can use spells as well. I usually go with two riflemen and several swordsmen. Doesn't really work since the sisters bashed my face in on multiple occasions. Their impressive is an ogre I am not sure he has a stupidity check since I never made it that far.The chaos are the most unique in my opinion. I have not tried them but from what i've seen they have a wide array of attack spells and do high damage with double handed weapons. They also seem to be able to pledge allegiance to one of the chaos gods. I have seen heroes that are blessed by tzeench, khorne,nurgle and slaneesh where their bodies are actually morphed in a way to make it obvious what allegiance they hold. Their impressive is a chaos spawn a big ugly gray fella that like to mount and hump anything that moves.There are also neutral monsters that pop up every now and again I have only bumped into a blood letter and chaos ogre. Either way they ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. The blood letter is so buff my first attacks usually bounced off his rock hard abs and did no damage. He would then cleave through two of my men at the same time and start screaming. The chaos ogre I just sat in the corner and cried while he beat my opponent's army into the ground.The positives are this game has a high amount of customization.-You can customize your army down to their appearance.-The turn based gameplay is fun and the missions mix things up well. The graphics are also visually appealing.-You will actually care about your troops since they are an incredibly large investment. Depending on their skills and equipment a soldier can cost over 1000 gold.-Unique injury system where when your men get knocked out they can lose limbs or have injuries that follow them they can either be positive or negative. Losing an arm gains 20% dodge a person but they can't use two handed weapons. An injury causes bravery where disengaging is no longer possible for a person this can also be bad for tactical retreats. I have one of my Scatmen (skaven rat) lose an arm during a mission. I renamed him stumpy and now he dodges every attack and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people with his toothpick. He is now a veteran of over 30 battles.There are also a lot of negatives with this game.- some missions when you deploy your enemies can deploy right next to you. I lost a captain before I was even able to move when he was beat down by two sisters of mercy that deployed by my wagon. Deployment areas will be implemented soon where I can choose where to put a soldier in a box rather than choose an individual position.-In higher difficulties the enemy gets huge stat boosts and enemy stupidity checks are no longer existent while yours seem to fail every single time.- You are unable to continue looting after the battle is over. That means when you win you do not get everything off the map. This also means if one of your men gets downed and an enemy loots him just before they fail rout check consider whatever they stole gone. I lost a few thousand gold in equipment because of that.-Shipments do not raise reputation with your faction. With the wyrdstone function sometimes your faction leader will ask you to send wyrdstones. There is also several other factions you can sell wyrdstone to this all adds into a reputation system where you are granted bonuses for how much you give to the factions. The problem with this is when your faction leader asks for a shipment you gain no reputation whatsoever for fulfilling it. On top of that it gets bigger as your warband levels up without raising the wyrdstone drop on maps. So now you're stuck with getting 400-500 wyrdstone sold at a price where you're faction leader is seriously sodomizing you and your men (50-60% of actual value.) to put it short you need to send wyrdstone to level up your reputation but your faction leader asks for large shipments of wyrdstone every other day that is mandatory or you lose the game but those shipments do not raise reputation. see the problem here? a big cycle of ♥♥♥♥ was made there where you ♥♥♥♥ up factions in mordheim then your faction leader ♥♥♥♥s you."
76561197970778810,Recommended,276810,20521709,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,wantan,"What a brilliant idea to bring this excellent game to the pc!It's similar to X-COM, one of my favorite games, plus Warhammer, a phenomenal universe!With it's solid tabletop ancestry, fresh engine and control's it's almost better than X-COM.It has still rough edges which lower the pleasure of playing it but it's absolutely fantastic.The circulation of sneaking in to Mordheim to looking for trashures and improve your warband therewith turns and turns.Nerve-racking, strategical skirmishes against the suprises on the gloomy labyrinthine street's.The games atmosphere is enthralling.Thanks dear developers - I would have liked more of it.what I like not so good:- too long in early access, i hate early access.- too few maps / objectives / ... maybe more random suprises ;)- the maps become monotonous after some time - need more highlights- the AI is sometimes a little bit strang.- the control's concept is great (xbox contr.) but there are some annoying issues (f. e. area spells)."
76561198020216038,Recommended,276810,20829464,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,dan5753,"Early days, but a thoroughly enjoyable game thus far.Harsh, but rewarding."
,Recommended,276810,20566404,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Anguloke,"Fun challenging game that works well on screen and under the hood.  And your choices with your warbands make a difference and can cost you.If you like a challenge where what you do really matters and can be a boon or a bust for a member of your team, this is a fun game you can play at any pace really.If you get attached to characters and can't handle lossing one, or one getting injuries on them, probably not the game for you."
76561198094203045,Recommended,276810,20521258,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,First&Only,"Mordheim: City Of The DamnedBased on the table-top game from Games Workshop. Turn based, stats based character development, Morale Tests etcThis game is very addictive and has loads of fun to offer. It is also very hard and challenging to begin with (do not expect a difficulty option to start your game). You need to play smart, be cautious and apply some forethought or tactics to your style of gameplay. Towards the endgame things become easier due to character development and your own game experience. Be warned - you can still lose and suffer for it!You will find yourself frustrated and believe the 'die' are always cast against you but this is not the case - this is Mordheim. You win and lose, its how you come back that makes the game have more to offer.4 Warbands are available to start the game - Mercenaries (Human), Skaven, Possessed and Sisterr of Sigmar. Perhaps more will become avaialble as time passes. Each faction has its own SIngle player campaign missions to complete as well as random battle encounters and missions for you to choose from, your overall goal being to keep your faction sponsor happy anf make timely Wyrdstone deliveries in the correct quantity. (You scavange these in mission whilst fighting off the enemy warband).Next you have the whole mulitplayer aspect to the game. Play against real people and experience a real thinking and cunning oppenent as oppossed to game AI. All the while you can gain XP and still level up to use in the SP campaign.Downsides to the game - people say it looks or feels rushed from EA to full release because the graphics are not perfect, if you zoom in and look around you can cut into characters' heads and walls will get sliced off partially. Visually the environment is very eerie and gloomy - well replicated Mordheim there. Yet there is no fine detail and polish. The characters clones, limited base models and are only cusromisable to a degree and can easily all end up looking drab and too similar.There are also a lot of RNG complaints but again you have to make the odds favour you through attacking clever and using numbers where you can to force all alone tests and ensure you can stack attacks and debuffs etc.It wasnt until my third warband that i grasped it and had a little luck go my way and i took them all the way to level 10 overall. Stick to Normal and Hard Missions and pick your tougher fights carefully to give a better chance.Your choices in Mordheim are permanent. Death is eternal.Dare you enter the City Of The Damned?"
76561197961569909,Recommended,276810,20521046,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"Really enjoying this - the fundamental gameplay is really exciting. Even more so in multiplyer when you have a turn time-limit. The game is far from perfect (mostly due to somewhat clunky control issues, character graphics and animation could be better), but things are slowly being refined on the gameplay and control front.Most importantly, the game makes you invest emotionally in your warband (a bit like X-Com Enemy Unknown), and it's got that addictive ""one-more-game"" feel."
76561198082613126,Recommended,276810,20556175,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Percy Jackson,"Features:Main Features:Turn-Based - With an initiative parameterThird-Person View - quite unusual for a turn-based game, but works well in the context. Makes for a refreshing change, too.Complex ruleset  - adapted from the cult classic tabletop gameMission based play - Missions take 5+ turns to finish. With five members per team, this can take upwards of half an hour.Maps  - Are largishRogue-like style: With permanent wounds and permadeath for your party membersFor those who like the above features, this is a game made with a lot of love.Cons:AI is not too great (as is the game with lot of games)Game can be hard (and does not have difficulty settings)Loading times are on the higher sideOverall, this is a nice, slow, methodical game."
,Recommended,276810,20836225,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,TheSoylentMajority,I like it
,Recommended,276810,20839864,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dead3eD,"Be prepared to learn as Mordheim demands quite a bit of attention. You'll want to rush in, but to master the basics I'd highly recommend you play all four tutorials - which took me a vigours two hours. The advantage of playing the tutorials is that it gaves you the chance to dip your toes into the fighting styles of each race. Following those you can learn about how various menus worked, setting up the characters, and so on.Do not tread lightly in regards to the campaign - the world of Mordheim is not forgiving. Be sure of your tactics as one wrong mistake can lead to your defeat. Characters wounded in battle risk X number of days and gold for recover. Units who are ""out of action"" are in danger of being permanently removed from the game. This is hardcore and not for the temperamental, forget reloading if you mess up. Every single action is accounted for.Hopefully more races are in the works (presumably costly DLC). Visually stunning, with a soundtrack to complement. Even with all the tutorials, it can be difficult using the menus. When the loading screens appear, go make yourself a cup of tea/coffee... seriously. If you are serious about your fantasy turn by turn fighting games then you must try this!"
76561197972537030,Recommended,276810,20952043,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Dead Eye Deale,"A tremendously fun and challenging game that brings out the best of Warhammer Fantasy.Its clear the devs are putting a lot of effort into improving the game, from AI improvements for single player to much faster load times.Looking forward to more playable warbands in the future!"
,Recommended,276810,20950419,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"My first test of the game was rather horrible, but it has steadily improved as it got more and more work on it. Now it is a decent Tactical Game similar to X-com and other games of the type."
76561198055494684,Recommended,276810,20955221,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Mortis247,Game can be brutal but that is the fun of it.
,Recommended,276810,20956861,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,amadeushopkins,"I'm a table top player from way back and I think they did a fantastic job of translating it into a video game, I just wish there were more warbands to play as my favorite arn't in this game, but the ones that are, are great!"
76561198017561364,Recommended,276810,20832611,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,[SCZ]Celestrian,pretty good
,Recommended,276810,20832801,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Trikkconffession,Made a character; game crashed.10/10Guarenteed Games Workshop material.
76561198006537518,Recommended,276810,20847242,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,boropio,"I find this game higly enjoyable even though it gives me soooooo much aggravation I cant explain it.PROS- Multiplayer matches- its Warhammer ( that works for me :) )CONS- too much luck depndant by types of mission available, enemies encountered - you get couple of wrong ones in a row and you can start new warband. Since you wont be able to afford to heal, pay wages and / or hire new ones.- since theres a must for a leader to be present he / she ought to be free ( rank 0 ofc )- if you encounter skaven before you reach certain lvl ( unless you play skaven yourself ) you can quit it right there. 1st, 2nd encouter and so on always lost- sponsor wants too much, gives not enough- for me it lacks an assured random mission in campaign that would at least normal difficult ( easy would be est - doesnt have have to have standard loot / xp ) since you rarely can afford to wait a day to get new ones or pay scouts.- warband upkeep and all other payments raleted go up too much too quickly compared to what you are able to get from missions.- lack of withdrawal without loosing loot etc before you reach certain morale. That would counter quite a lot of issues I have with this game.- too much time spent on deployment couse you cant just point click have to use a / d and wait till you hit wanted spot"
76561198095157450,Recommended,276810,14382656,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Pelvic Rhino,"Profoundly stoked!Had to pay full price because pay-day, blah,blah,blah... but thank you. : )Mordheim is alive and ripe for fools and brave alike!I expected a truly rough version of my dice-rolling fantasy skirmish adventure favourite and got it. And it games good.beta-weird♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting fixed every day, right?"
76561198126689225,Recommended,276810,13059226,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,clide005,"New update fixed multiplayer. I like this game now. I had down voted it. See below. Changing my vote.This game is a pretty cool turn based strategy that brings in a lot of elements that I haven't seen before in this genre. I would 100% suggest it if it wasn't for the fact that multiplayer is broken. If it is midnight on 21st of december and the wind is blowing to the southwest at 10 mph you might connect a multiplayer session. If not you're ♥♥♥♥ed. I know this is early access and I get that they have to work out some bugs, but that is a pretty big♥♥♥♥♥bug if you can't play a multi player game on a $30 game that has the graphics of a video game from the late 90's. Pretty weak guys. Don't give them anymore money. Don't buy until the Dev's get their crap together. I for one am pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Also all you get from the devs is we're working on it. Not try this set of simple actions to fix the issue. Or better yet install this patch and it is fixed.  I've logged 8.7 hours at this point 3 hours were spent playing the game the other 4.7 were spent trying to connect online games."
76561198027425734,Recommended,276810,13167182,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Imperial Might,"Massive Fan, Great GameOver the years i have had most if not all of the Games Workshop tabletop games and have been looking for a great turn based RPG for ages. And then this bad boy pops up!!The graphics are great! and the game itself is very well turned out for an alpha.I cant wait till the campain type mode comes out so loot and expiriance will be thrown into the mix as at the moment skirmish is the only option.If your a GW fan or turnbased fan then well worth a look!"
76561198061485158,Recommended,276810,14286371,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mollusq,Promising game. Needs Beastmen Raiders.
76561198069443620,Recommended,276810,14328683,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Young Mayo,So far this game is amazing! I love the combat and how each race is diveresified. This game is one of the greatest games i have played this year. There was only one problem i have found. It might just be my computer but I have to play on very low graphical settings to get anywhere near 60 fps. But once you look past that part this game is one of my favorites and I am going to continue to play it for a long time.
76561198014260586,Recommended,276810,14329879,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,rochaus,"I really do like the game, it's highly addictive.A few things;- it takes a very long time to load, the graghics are fantastic, but even the 'fastest' setting take very long to load the game.- maybe I am not playing exactly the right way, but the game play seems short for a turn based game. I found myself just getting into the game and then it would end suddenly, and I was defeated without understanding why.- I don't seem to understand the hit points, other than the hits that display when attacking/spells, where are they shown in the interface? I could not tell when characters were about to die.- please keep it going, this game is really cool and I hope you have updates soon, glad I bought it!"
,Recommended,276810,14330156,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Chernobyl noble,"although the rules arent exactly like the tabletop game, that doesnt really change how fun this game is. I suggest this game for anyone who likes turnbased combat. I expect that mordheim will only get better as updates come out."
,Recommended,276810,14326399,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,t.bellomo,Skirmis games are having a bubble at the moment.
76561198095837791,Recommended,276810,14187309,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,TheRealEZ,"I can see it already; Dwarfs vs Goblins, Choas vs Humans, Orcs, Vampires, Undead and more! So many different possible editions."
76561197992712289,Recommended,276810,14500373,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,schlitzmaltliquor,"This game has an amazing amount of potential to be something special.Mordheim the tabletop game is still my favorite Games Workshop game by far because you are able to level up to 10 characters or possibly have them wounded or killed and have to replace them.In it's current early access form, this game does not have character modification or gold earning, but the gameplay is fun.  With that said, it is not polished and may be offputting if you cannot see what the final product could be like."
76561198008500746,Recommended,276810,21759022,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Creedan,"Difficult, challenging and very addictive game. Looking forward to release of additional war bands."
76561198012838998,Recommended,276810,21728807,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Srab23厄,"A truly excellent game with its flaws. The foundation is set and it's a very solid one. You manage a warband in the city of Mordheim, where a nasty warpstone comet has fallen. This comet has ruined the city and scattered precious warpstone all over it, and your warband has the task of retrieving as much as it can. However, your warband is not the only, and you will face other warbands in skirimishes while gathering as much warpstone as your men can carry.This is a stratergy game with permanent injuries and fatalities to your men. You may select from four different races when creating a warband; Imperial, Skaven, Chaos and Sisters of sigmar. Each has their unique types of warriors and heroes giving you some options in your play styles. My current favotire being the Chaos, or as the particular cult is called: ''Cult of the possessed'', because of their random mutations, which is a unique feature to them.The combat offers a random factor and a lot of stratergy to put the odds in your favor. Archers are at a disadvantage when close to enemies and heavy armor offers you passive damage reduction but slows you down without proper training, for example. I find that the best stratergy is to move your squad in a group to hopefully find some stray enemies and gang up on them, since there are major penalties for fighting alone against two or more enemies. Some maps, however, scatters both your and your enemies squad to mix up your stratergies, and walking in a group is not the most efficient way of collecting precious warpstone.The game would be a solid 10/10 for me if it was better polished (which I think the developers are working on, slowly) and more content. The animations are also a big complaint for me, and almost every chaos unit has the exact same head with just different headgear to set them apart. Four races is not enough, and three of them are human based warband which is not a very exotic race to me. However, this game is still an excellent choice for anyone whos up for a fairly highpaced turn based stratergy game with permanent consequences to your actions. And I think the game will only get better as more patches and DLC are released.Buy this game to suport the creators in improving it into a 10/10 experience!I currently give it an 8/10, it is an excellent foundation and setting, but with some minor clunkyness and a lack of content."
76561198018668216,Recommended,276810,21831054,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Waldir,"Since this games release a lot has changed and for the better.  The RNG and been fixed ALOT and seems much more realistic (no longer miss 6 times in a row with 90%+ chance to hit),  The shipments are much easier to complete in the time given, and load times are no longer 10 minutes.  While all these things seem like they made the game easy mode, the challenge is still real.  You can not make moves without thinking it through, or you will be punished.  Your warband will be rushed if you are not careful and injuries and death are still a threat and make you consider a restart.  If you played this game and stop or asked for a refund I promise you all the things you hated about it are gone or changed.  All that being said I would still not get the game at full price, I would still get it when its on a sale. 10$ off or more, i would 100% reccomend this game if you are a fan or new to the warhammer universe.  A fan or new to the Tactical genre of games (such as x com)  Its a great game to spend a couple hours a day.  I continue to look forward to the patches and dlc they release to further improve the game."
76561198031279556,Recommended,276810,21826687,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[PGC]Thrasson,This game is ruining my life a few hours at a time.
,Recommended,276810,21860495,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Macbuckle,"I don't tend to leave reviews, but there seem to be so many negative ones for Mordheim I felt I should post one...The game relies heavily on RNG - which is fine by me.  Don't be fooled by people complaining about it; it may be unlikely that you'll fail lots of 95% actions in a row, but it's NOT IMPOSSIBLE - so it CAN happen, it doesn't mean the game is broken.  You don't see anyone moaning that they are making 30% chance attacks all the time.  The RNG works just fine.It's a hard game too - you can exploit the AI, and it's easier once you have a few games and experience under your belt, but if you don't want or enjoy tough, unforgiving games, this isn't the game for you.It's very unforgiving of mistakes and there are negative points - animations are very similar, there are only 4 warbands, the AI is dumb as a post and (like a lot of games, tbh) the information you'll get from the community makes up for the lack of documentation/obtuse menus.Read the community guides for beginners, don't expect your first warband to do very well (or rather, expect later ones to be better built) and stack the odds in your favour (esp. when picking missions in the beginning) - and if you lose warriors to injuries, death, and amputations, well, that's part of the 'fun' (see Dwarf Fortress).But overall, guiding a warband through the ups and downs of Mordheim is hard, rewarding and unpredictable - just like the boardgame, so, fine by me.Will be nice to see more warbands and variety, but I personally think this game is a lot of fun, and recommend it to anyone wanting a challenge in the old Warhammer setting."
,Recommended,276810,21993213,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Korgh,"The game can be brutal and unforgiving, it isn't for the faint of heart.... but the atmosphere, strategies, interesting characters and skills make it a fun game :). The fact that the game is hard makes it a lot more enjoyable, we don't see very many of those anymore."
76561198032575353,Recommended,276810,21977212,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DagonDogs,"TL;DR:Mordheim is a good game for those who want the masochistic torture it offers, despite its clearly imbalanced nature. It can be immensely satisfying when victory is achieved and you come home with your pockets lined with Wyrdstone. It can also be bitterly frustrating in the moments when victory is stripped away from you. I've had a lot of fun with it, I'm just not sure how much torture I can take.Read the full review here:http://dagondogs.com/2016/03/16/mordheim-initial-impressions/"
76561198070899330,Recommended,276810,21892868,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Meteor Bear,"How does this game not have better review scores? Its cheaper and better than most AAA games.If you love games like FF Tactics, Ogre Battle, Xenonauts, XCOM, Temple of Elemental Evil, Knights of the Chalice and Blood Bowl then give this gamea try, it is a kindred spirit to these past greats."
76561198042253283,Recommended,276810,21035357,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jasan Quinn,"This game is not your friend. It is difficult and brutally unforgiving. Victory lies in being able to juggle risk and reward, both in battle and in the smuggling contracts.To explain, your warband is on the clock. Every so often you are given x turns to amass y weight of wyrdstone. Fail to meet the quota four times and you lose the campaign. Problem is, it can take 3-5 days for party members to recover from injuries, learn new skills, etc. A day spent healing is a day not earning wyrdstone, but to rush into battle with an ill-prepared warband can be equally disasterous.In game, the same problem arises. The only way to amass a lot of wyrdstone is to scavenge for it, but good scavenging sites are often spread far apart and require you to take risks to reach them. Many a mission has gone south because my warband was spread thin looting and not formed up for battle.If you like permanent consequences on your characters, an AI that pulls no punches, and games that never let you rest easy, then Mordheim has that in spades. The only downside is that it's not exactly relaxing to play, so find something calm and soothing to do after you find someone hacked your leader's arm off."
76561198094854435,Recommended,276810,21010248,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,A.D.A.M.,"played for 5 hours as the possessed, went into the first main fight against the sisters of sigmar feeling pretty confident, got the main character wedged between a friendly and a peice of terrian, couldnt get back out of the spot i'd wedged myself into, had to abandon a 95% complete mission, lost both my heroes, my leader, and a henchman in the process. Clearly, something needs to be fixed. But other than that, the 5 hours were pretty fun, if you like xcom, then i think you'd like this game, of course, theres no save scumming, so if♥♥♥♥♥♥goes poorly, be ready to restart a few (hundred) times."
76561198006817285,Recommended,276810,20851420,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Gruwski the Dogski,"This game is fantastic both gameplay and story! ""Just like the tabletop"" :)the items and rewards you earn from both looting and missions feels great, and the market/store/shop is a wonder when you have the gold to replace some items from time to time ""some times its♥♥♥♥♥♥and sometimes it isn't"".Although it has the downside of the ""losing your best warband member to a fat and gigantic ogre"" O_oWhich is a part of the ""place your pawn with care"" kind of game.all around i give this game a rate of 8/10! :)"
76561198012123946,Recommended,276810,21613027,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Wicked Scotty,"This game, it's turned based.  Ain't got no grids, ain't got no mercy.  Your victory may leave your Warband looking very much like a bunch of people that were in a violent battle the day before, because they were.  It's like ""Game of Thrones"" without all the talky bits and sex."
,Recommended,276810,21610808,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Stuff.,"Really, really fun game with bags of potential. Look forward to sinking a tonne of hours into it ehe."
76561198007033418,Recommended,276810,21627258,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,afasol,"Ok perhaps not a full review, and not quite technical, but rather just my two cents, based on my personal experience.A big chunk of the negative reviews focus on the frustratingly high difficulty, and I have to say that's what prevented me from buying this game, for a while. Then at some point I just went ""Well, WTH"", gave it a go, and now I am completely hooked by it, can't stop playing.One thing should be clear though: you can't hope to book any progress if you just try powering through the missions, or if you rely on outlevelling the opposition. You actually have to learn, think, plan, even do such extreme stuff as reading a mission description. Don't count on going too far with your very first warband: you may be successfull of course, but more likely you'll just use it to learn how to play. Then it's a matter of dumping it, rolling another one once you feel more confident, and that's when the game really starts."
76561198009029847,Recommended,276810,30720639,Posted: 25 March,all,alaskan_kobuki,"I love the table top and this game does it justice. The customization is great, along with the different tactics, warbands, and spells. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys turn based and rpg games.I can't wait for more warbands to come out"
76561198039267144,Recommended,276810,21604733,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Boomknight,"F this game. It ruined marriages and make children cry, but yet I'm still playing it and looking forward to playing more of it.If you ever like Darkest Dungeon but wanted your people to not randomly leave when your trying to fix their stress thing this may be fun for you.The game feels unfair even on normal mode even though it matches your build, so if you have 3 tier ones (Mercs) with one leader they will bring a leader and 3 tier ones, you have a leader with 2 tier twos (Heros) and 1 tier one, it will have that build as well even on the harder difficulties but, they will use light armor + heavy armor and if you get bad rng you may not get any armor for a long time. With the weakist heavy armor and helm combo lowering damage 30% done to that char then having 3 or more loaded with the stuff, its rough.Yet for some reason I keep playing, heaving to meet hard dead lines of gathering green rocks. Watching as some of my men's arms get chopped off which it shows the stump and everything. And yet I keep playing.  Its made for a controller which if you have one, use it but if you don't its not the end of the world. But playing 3 of the 4 rances, every race other then the humans. I find the rats to be fun with Chaos being the funnest at lest in the early game.  Why? The mutant hero. The rat's heros up to the 2nd one that takes a bit to unlock just feel weak when the mutant feels strong and meaty. As well as getting 3 random changes to his body. Form what I seen its mostly buffs with the buffs being massively useful. But in turn your leader is one of the weakist ones out of all of the races and you have better luck making him a ranger.To recap, this game is meth, it will ruin everything yet its addictive for some reason much like Darkest but for it's own level of unfair/fairness level since you will find a lot of mirror matches and just get rekted so hard."
76561198126738926,Recommended,276810,16461071,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DevilGirl138,"Game looks great, could use more factions though."
76561198082609223,Recommended,276810,19645232,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Your~Local~Ninja,"Cons:Takes too long to load and for enemies to do their thing.Your party will always be underpowered and sometimes due to deployment will be destined to lose.Computer ai is terrible.  once the enemy sees you better hope to be in good position cuz they are coming!always chose to deploy or you may be in really poor positioning.sometimes there are too many deployment positions to scroll thru.  it would help if you could deplay from the map screen.Pros:Since ai is so bad, the enemies need to be overpowered or it would be easy.always deploy or you will be in really poor positioning.looks great!game has come a long way since initial release.  much better now!"
76561198062127265,Recommended,276810,19734667,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Larhendiel,"The most out of balance game mechanics and balance I ever had a dubious pleasure of experiencing.Yet the game is pleasant and very satysfying to play once you  kill several warbands.Very steep learning curve as well as extremely unforgiving enviroment. There is barely any space for mistakes, no reload, no savegame/reset mission button. For mistakes you pay with brain trauma, amputated legs or arms.This game gives you the disturbing sense of soldiers mortality"
76561198009419490,Not Recommended,276810,19593368,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dave_B,"I love the idea of this game, turn-based tactical combat with ability to level up your team with RPG-like skills and statistics in a fantasy setting. Closest comparison I can think of is Valkyrie Chronicles which I played through several times on the PS3 and absolutely loved. While I am still enjoying playing the game, I just can't recommend it for most people due to the following issues:1) Load times and wait times.  As of writing this, with 52 hours ""played"", I've probably spent 15-20 of those hours just waiting... on either loading or waiting on enemy moves/turns. 2+ minutes just to load each mission, and then more time waiting on enemy moves during each mission. And this is on a solid gaming rig (GTX970/skylake i7/SSD).2) Lack of variety in objectives, and penalties for winning ""too fast"". Only 3 bonus objectives in non-campaign missions (gather green stones, kill specific opponents, or capture the flag). But if you don't delay winning until, for example, you run the captured flag all the way back to your wagon, no bonus.3) Very limited number of unique campaign missions, have to spend more time grinding non-campaign missions to collect green stones and levelling than in the more interesting campaign missions. Only 8 campaign missions to ""win"" with a particular race/faction, although replaying as one of the different factions gives a different set of 8 campaign missions.4) AI / bugs. Enemies blocking portals and not moving, or standing / stuck on scenery and not engaging are both annoying and breaking any sense of immersion.5) No story cutscenes, just a narrator reading chapter text. Story scenes really made Valkyrie Chronicles much more appealing as you came to understand and like the characters you were playing.But despite these problems, I'm still playing after 52 hours, so for me personally I've gotten my moneys worth."
,Not Recommended,276810,22524888,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,30to1,"Currently Mordheim has crash to desktop problems on AMD hardware and large numbers of players can't start the game.Stay away if you have AMD hardware and want to keep your drivers up to date.Here is a quote from the developer:""Many players have reported issues with the latest AMD drivers, and we have been working diligently to find a solution. Unfortunately, the problem seems to lie beyond our control...The driver in question is:AMD Crimson Edition 16.3.1 Version 16.15.2111-160314a-300497EA provisional solution involves uninstalling the driver."""
76561198078640983,Not Recommended,276810,13028494,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,eddy,"Terrible optimalization.As for gameplay they went way to far from orginal game developing boring mechanics. It just feels like close combat oriented ""worms 3D"" where skillskot are changed into RNG..."
76561197993754988,Not Recommended,276810,16155737,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Akanhero,"TL/DRDont not buy this broken pile of....Worst RNG ever produced in the 35 years I have playedStats after 80+ hoursComp have not failed any alone tests at all! =)I have failed 100%Comp hit 95%I dodge 1/3 as best with 80% dodge and three atemptsI hit about 50%Comp dodge my hits 73% of the timeAI is really bad too. Exampel:Enemy stands in ambush stance. Runs over the road climb a wall then jumps down same wall go back to start and ambush stance again at rthe same time I stand in melee right beside where he stands and fight his teammate.Devs dont know how to make a even ok AI so instead they break the RNGto try and cover the absent of know how:RNG is a big joke so you should like beeing frustrated a lot.Also I like the permadeath and dmg and that the game is hard but with all bad coding its just not so fun to play.Clunky anhimations and the same animation over and over and over.Lots of graphical bugs.Now all of a sudden my hecnhman decided that no I dont gonna take the sword and shield into battle I gop for a dagger and dont care what you want...Moar bugsCant handle latest graphic drivers from AMD and says its AMDs fault and I be like ""Hmmmm but all my other games work so sure blame AMD....""Rude to players that say all other games work but yours then the DEV says he know better becasue he heard other games have problems so of course he knows best.Good that they say the listen but sad they dont have the skills.I am sorry for backing this game so you can be fooled into it.Of course also the release more broken things for even more money.If they managed to fix the RNG and make a decent AI I think it would be a good game:I think its good AI have stronger teams if not for the broken RNG."
,Recommended,276810,13097261,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,♥Jade Merrydown♥,"Now the game is out Im going to update my review!This game has indeed only gotten better Im loving the new changes and how the game plays, the campaign is a lot of fun and challenging with a lot of character involved in the pre combat load screens.My only gripes are the units locked behind a pay wall (granted a small one) and the controls still feel awkward."
76561198329412475,Recommended,276810,25470491,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Primalcurse,After a few hours I've found the game surprisingly good. If you're into strategy/turn-based games and the warhammer universe you'll absolutely love it!.
76561198018942696,Recommended,276810,25492907,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Bodizepha,"I was questioning buying this on sale all weekend on & off. It was in and out of in cart 4 times. Read all the bad reviews (which I tend not to listen to anyway (9 out of 10 times they played the game less than an hour, never gave it a chance and gave up...). Finally pulled the trigger...I gotta say 2hrs in after getting my a** handed to me multiple times and getting used to the interface and menus I was still questioning why I bought this game, cursing it out after every battle lost. But... at the 2.5 hour mark I got my first win, you get used to the menus and interface; in truth it's not bad at all! That's when the addiction kicked in. With full blown strategy mode going not rushing in to find trouble. Not breaking up the squads too much, taking my time thinking 5 maybe 10 moves ahead. When you get to that point...no amount of rehab is gonna work, you're a full blown addict and being a addict I had to add all the DLCs in my 5 step program of completion !!"
76561198083407481,Recommended,276810,20678463,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Enkeli,"Took it offline to play while I was away from work for the week and I have to say most of these other guys are right. Taking my rank 10 warband and getting disembered repeatedly isnt my idea of a good time, but that just might be the RNG Gods spitting in my face.The world may never know!Edited:I have to admit, it took some time before I was ready to reinstall this game, and I may have rushed to judgement. It's been evened out alot, no more crashing, and when you have strong characters they feel strong. Not strong enough to 3vs1 mind you, but still strong. Now, after these small tweaks and fixes, I'd recommend this game fully."
76561198000158597,Recommended,276810,25484953,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RandyTrevorBongwater,"You're going to have a bad time. And you're going to love having a bad time. It' challenging, whilst not being increadibly difficult to learn. Consequences are punishing. Brutally punishing. And it makes it all the more enjoyable. The customization is pretty great although I wouldn't mind some more variation ( I've only used the Mercs so far) in armor and maybe  units.that being said, there is something that bugs the hell out of me and that's the ♥♥♥♥ed up camera angles. when the camera tracks the movement of a newly discovered enemy and you're left looking inside a warriors head or just a black brick wall with some camera shake, it can break the flow of the game.Hoopefully this issue is fixed in the future, I have faith."
,Recommended,276810,21686518,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dcruize,"After burning out on XCOM this is a great fantasy alternative, very challenging but fun to learn."
,Recommended,276810,21682052,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,＼( °□° )／,"This game kill-killed my first skaven band within 29 hours. Filch was so sad-sad! A bit buggy, too, but playable."
,Recommended,276810,21680367,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Todd,"If the AI was harder (smarter) this would be a really good game, the difficulty of the game is more so a very steep learning curve, with occasional spikes from bad RNG. I've only lost 2 missions in 80 hours of play and about 100 missions played.A prime example of this is enemy big guys (and really everyone just mostly them) getting stuck on walls for an entire game allowing you to just ignore them.At the moment I wouldnt recommend it due to the easy AI and annoying bugs (but not gamebreaking at least), if the game improves and they make the AI harder I would definitely recommend it"
76561198052606194,Recommended,276810,21677783,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,<{FAM}> Pictorialoyster,A really good game for those that like a challenging turn based RPG set in the warhamer universe... (ohh and gief me my dwarven warband already!!)
,Recommended,276810,21712406,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Finsolacestrudempance,Great game
76561197992380087,Not Recommended,276810,21755823,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Shiitake Mushrooms,"Has potential, but not even remotely worth playing until they fix their broken rng system, which has been promised for the ""next"" patch. Currently AI units consistently roll far, far more succeses, critical ones at that, and you roll far, far more failures. To the extent it isn't shocking to see 3-5 85% chance of succes to fail in a row. Broken, and extroidinarily frustrating. Once they get an actual, functional rng system in place, then give the game a go."
,Recommended,276810,21731139,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Resok,"Best way I'd describe the game is a Fantasy XCom with Ironman settings.  The core strategy involved is quite engaging, the models and animation for the characters is quite well done, and the Warbands each feel and play fundamentally differently from one another.A very faithful representation of the source material, with lots of customization and strategic combinations for your warbands."
76561198006514037,Recommended,276810,21772311,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,warpvyper,"It is a turnbased, Squad based, Tactical Role Player set in the Fantasy/Pre industrial Era of Warhammer.ProsChallengingMeaningful StrategyMeaningful Character BuildingRich EnvironmentCaptures essence of tabletop gamesCons3 mission types4 maps4 factionsNot for the weak mindeda few Clunky game mechanics (looting/targeting)It is actually a really good game for what it was designed to be. It tells your right at the main menu ""Mordheim was designed to be a hardcore experience"" I think it accomplishes this very well.It is hard, it is suppose to be. Your hard earned soldiers are going to die and going to get hurt, and you will be sad. It gets easier as you learn more tactics and your charactera get stronger, but it never becomes trivial. I think this is what makes it so enjoyable. So many games today are easy and formulaic, but in this game you learn and adapt or die.Before I try and convince you to dedicate the time needed to fully enjoy this game, let me tell you my only major criticisms. Once you do figure out how to be boss, and your characters are stronger you tend to use your soldiers in specific ways over and over again for only 3 major mission types, ""gather, kill and steal"" on seemingly 2 or 3 maps. Some of the targeting and looting mechanics require very specific positioning which is just stupid, but you learn how to deal with it....eventually.It is still a very rewarding process despite its flaws, and even once you are da'boss it is still challenging and tactical because if you do not play to your designed strengths you will not do well. Additionally, there needs to be more factions. Right now there are 4 factions (Skaven, Chaos, Empire and Sisters of Sigmar). I think 4 is an appropiate starting number for the rich experience it provides, but I want more. I really hope more factions are available.I will gladly and eagerly purchase them.It was designed around playing a tabletop miniatures game and again captures this feeling very well. I find the combat to be intense, the strategies to be very broad and in depth. Your troop positioning, skills, spells, and equipment really matter. Most importanly though, is the character building. You will grow attached to your characters, and will live/experience game of throne moments when they die, lol.Environment and graphics capture the ""hardcore"" dungeon feel of the warhammer universe. The animations are well done really bringing your characters to life despite being turned based. There is enough gore to keep it realistic too. I anticipate a couple hundred hours of playtime, more with DLC.BottomLine: Buy it if you like challenges and turnbased gameplay, anticipate a learning curve."
76561197972291673,Recommended,276810,23382800,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,13lackclaw,"Will Edit In The Future:Overall as a fan of Gamesworkshop brand products, I absolutely love this game.  It does a very good job of bringing the table top exprience to a differet medium; with only minor changes to original rules-set in order to enrich this experience.The campaign is a lot of fun so far with all the up's and down's of the table top.  I look forward to more gangs in the future to spice up mash.Note to Dev's:  If you have anything in the pipeline to work on next please be Necromunda or Gorka Morka!  I would love to see this engine applied to those worlds."
76561197998103594,Recommended,276810,24174852,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TheUgly,FIrst of all: I like the Warhammer universe. I like Turn based strategy. I like it to create my team with plenty customization.Mordheim: City of the Damned is damn unique with all these features.If you can ignore the difficulty start of the game with a huge amount of deaths of your lovely little minions - this could be a game for you.The Good--- Turn based is an awesome way to replicate a miniature game--- Mordheim is a unique and cool setting--- Faithful to the franchiseThe Bad--- First person perspective is weird--- Steep learning curve--- A little repetitiveThe Ugly--- That's me
,Recommended,276810,24418155,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,RT-40,"Morheim is every Warhammer table top players dream. This game places you smack dab in the middle of Mordheim, with your very own custom warband. You have to approach every battle with upmost strategy and cunning if you want to win. Heavy on RPG elements, many skill to pick from to further strengthen your warband. The story is captivating and atmosphere is thick. If you ever wanted to know what Warhammer Fantasy and Morheim feels like, this is it!Stop reading my meaningless review and go buy your ticket and come, visit, the City of the Damned, Mordheim"
,Not Recommended,276810,23742703,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sln,Received a comment from one of the devs telling me they had recently fixed my problem. Loaded up the game and my computer didn't lock up. It locked up the second time I ran it today. So I don't know what's wrong.
,Not Recommended,276810,24055788,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Patches,"I decided to pick the game up again after refunding my original purchase... They had fixed my main complaints about the game, but it's still buggy. I've had a few instances where I had to force-quit the game and reload due to characters getting stuck in their actions (which becomes a serious problem if the game map won't load up again).The AI is pretty awful and all too often you'll find them running into a wall every turn.The game is ironman mode only, so if you can't load a battle, you'll have to suffer a complete defeat just to load the warband. This is usually a game ender as your warband will be injured (which is costly and the units are unusable).EDIT:After more playtime, my advice is to stick to XCOM... Better yet, grab the Long War mod for XCOM. This game is a bit too buggy (crashes, corrupted saves, deadlocks) and it's lacking in content. You'll play the same levels and the same enemies, it'll never get better as you progress. Sure, there's the new Witch Hunter warband... but it doesn't feel that different from the other warbands. The levels are all still the same, and you'll play through the variety rather quickly. The most interesting levels are only slightly better, but they put you at a crippling disadvantage.Most users will have trouble getting beyond the first few levels. The chances of a new player simply failing are high. Even as you progress, your odds don't get much better. A lot of the game boils down to focusing on the most effective strategies, there's no room for ""trial and error"".The game relies a little too much on dice rolls to create difficulty. Even if you have a sound strategy, you can easily be foiled by some random numbers. Most everything you do boils down to dice being rolled... Many actions involve multiple dice rolls to succeed.Basically, the game relies on dice rolls and enhancements to the opposing team to create a sense of difficulty. Unfortunately, this ends up being frustrating and tedious."
,Recommended,276810,24729985,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,King Kasai,"Recommended for fans of tactics/strategy games, especially those who seek an experience more along the lines of tabletop wargames, and/or those accustomed to unforgiving classics like UFO Defense. Not for the faint of heart; you have to work with or around the balance issues (there are quite a few, I admit). Clunkiness aside, I'm more than happy with the game. The atmosphere is stellar, the difficulty is manageable, and the battles are intense."
,Recommended,276810,24730003,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Wicro,"Brilliant, if slightly flawed game that will have anybody that is use to ‘board games’ delighted. Yes, things can go wrong, that is the nature of dice rolls. The sheer amount of customization and character development can be a bit overwhelming to those that come to the game blind, and normally I would not recommend this, but watching a ‘You tuber’ play this game before attempting a play though will be of use to mitigate some of the complexity. This may be a bit of flaw of the game, but once these idiocrasies are overcome what lies beneath is deeply tactical (and in the context of the game, i.e. as a turn based board game, extremely pretty). A more forgiving introduction to the game with a deeper tutorial may have helped get this game the recognition it truly deserves, and it truly does deserve more recognition.  This game reminds me of the more unforgiving and harsh games of the past, which in my opinion is a good thing, as a caveat of course your mileage may vary.Recommended to those of us that are willing to truly roleplay, and accept that things do not always go to plan, we may just have a bad day…. but I also understand that it is truly a niche concept in the world in where the majority expect to ‘win’. Be prepared for frustration, as well as joyous victory’s against the odds, as is the path in all game that use RND For me personally the ‘wins’ out way the frustration. This type of game is what makes the PC game platform truly unique, great stuff, long may the company support such truly unique experiences!"
,Recommended,276810,24732350,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ginge31101,Good game! just needs more races
76561197976777186,Recommended,276810,24730563,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dressel,"An X-Com esque soldier manager with a bit more depth to the character skills/stats.  Mordheim is a pretty damned unrelenting game.  Expect to lose the first few warbands you create while you're getting familiarized with the interface/UI and the different soldiers you can hire and what their strengths and weaknesses are.  The actual combat has a tendency to be nerve racking as you need to concentrate on both attacking whoever happens to be your enemy that round and collecting wyrdstone or loot from the battlefield so that you can continue to fund your warband.  And in order to collect anything off the battlefield your soldiers need to be standing at the end of the match, as any loot on KO'd units isn't collected.  This mechanic adds a lot of the stress and tension to the combat, as you'll find yourself cussing at the screen trying to find a possible way to save your one footsoldier with a full inventory mid match.  If you're a fan of the Warhammer franchise or turn based strategy games I think its worth checking out.  Just dont expect to master it within an hour."
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,276810,13315920,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Vali,"So far so good. Im impressed by what they have made, i only hope the keep up the good work- april 2015I am really impressed with  what they have done, the game has progressed miles from their begining- june 2015Progress is steady and they are keeping up the good work-feb 2016They have added paid dlcs..."
76561198095014795,Recommended,276810,24472648,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,entireleaves,I definitely recommend playing through ALL the tutorials and even then it might still be a bit confusing and take you a while to get into the game. It takes a bit to get the hang of things and can be VERY frustrating to new players but once you know what is going on the game is super fun and maybe even a little too easy.Some tips for new players:Arm all your henchmen with a 2-hand or dual wield maces. They only get one attack/turn to start and it needs to hit hard.Protect your leader! Henchmen are fairly expendable. Your leader is not and if he is wounded it will be a bit of a setback for a new player.Stick together! Keep all your members close together so they can protect each other and help each other out. If you send someone off alone to collect a distant bit of warpstone or loot they can easily get surrounded and killed before they get a chance to react.If you think you are going to lose a match try to loot some warpstone and put it in your cart. Whatever makes it into your cart is yours to keep at the end of the match even if you lose. This will help you keep up with deadlines for delivering warpstone.Remember early on if your leader or henchmen get wounds that will take days to recover from you can use reserve slots for them to recooperate in and hire new guys to go out on another run in the meantime.And finally if things go really badly you can always start a new warband and learn from your mistakes.I found it really maddening at first but once you figure out how it all works this is a really fun little game.
76561198164406484,Recommended,276810,24629830,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,kl.gonzalez,very fun.
,Not Recommended,276810,24092142,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nab,"At first I even recomended the game, but now I can't anymore.It is a great adaptation of a boardgame but it is little more an in some aspacts a lot less.Horrible timesink: Games vs the AI take too  long because the AI actually pretends to take time to think.No story - The campaign is minimal. You do the same amps over and over and over with some variations occasionally there are special maps but far too few and long in between.Arbitrary and increasingly unfair. AI force just keeps ramping up. The reason you win is by exploiting every idiocy the AI comes up with.Multiplayer is dead. Never saw an open game, never had anyone join my open games.The AI doesn't play like a human that has to save their units for the next fight. Just keeps throwing units at you"
76561197989606756,Recommended,276810,16109403,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,CS41Y,One of the biggest elements of role playing is gaining experience and managing that aspect of the characters which is not possible at this point in the game.  Thought I would see what early access is all about and am not impressed.  I at least chose a game that looks fairly certain to actual see a full release so I just have to wait.
76561198003689310,Recommended,276810,24466264,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vultex [SC],"I use to get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in this game, Then I sacerficed my first born to the RNG god. now I never lose"
76561198031553530,Recommended,276810,24082581,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Wulph0333,Just got the game yesterday and only have a little over 3 hours on it at the moment. I like the game nice graphics and fun to play if you are like me and enjoy turn based games and the Warhammer universe. The game does have a learning curve to it though and missions are going to take time. So don't expect to blast thourgh it. My only complaint about the game is I would like a map or something to keep track of the locations of the members of my warband. They keep getting seperated from one another despite me trying to move them in pairs. I turn a corner and then when it chages turns and the camera moves I'm not sure which way I sent them. Despite that though I would really recommend the game it is fun and does require some thought. Well I hope that helps anyone thinking about getting the game.
,Recommended,276810,24119059,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Xnosis,Brings back the early 00's for me /tear
76561197971816552,Recommended,276810,24096070,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,デレノア,"After two missions: 3 of 5 of my warriors permanently lost legs, arms and eyes.10/10 would lead a band of cripples again. ;)What is good:Overall I like this game a lot. Many ways to develop your characters, even your henchmen. And what I love the most about this game: it is pretty damn tough and therefore even more rewarding if you play good. If you like tactical challenges, this one is for you.The replay value is like 100%. You can have many hours of fun with this  game.What could be better?:A little bit more diversity for the henchmen would have been nice. Some more customization options and some AI improvements as well as the possibility to fast-forward AI turns. Even though I must say sometimes I am glad the AI has a little glitch because the battles are really hard."
,Recommended,276810,24086728,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Open Minded World,Awesome and addicting game. It's hard but rewarding.
76561198079321233,Recommended,276810,24148555,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,scum905,"I'm enjoying it so far.   It's definitely for those who like a challenge and don't mind running around with some of their guys missing arms, etc.One annoyance is constantly having to switch back and forth between overhead and over-the-shoulder views to see where I'm going.   They did a decent job w/the movement points, but I'm not a twitchy kind of player, so I kind of long for some sort of tiles in this one. esp. when picking up wyrdstones and trying to avoid archers.  I guess the latter is fun, but the former is a bit too unforgiving.  Thank god I can run back and forth over it until I hit the right spot w.out wasting moverment points.The interface seems a bit glitchy at times in camp, but I'm still learning what's the application of rules and what is an actual glitch.   Why can't my guy equip a shield?  Oh, it's in the wrong slot, or his weapon is 2 handed... OR, I just need to click on something and come back and then it shows as available to equip.I'd probably recommend it, but only to those with the pteience to enjoy it despite it's warts."
76561197990465750,Recommended,276810,28178263,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NiMaSu,Good TBS
,Recommended,276810,28180827,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BattelMatter,"yknow when a game says ""making the best of a bad situation"" as its primary theme, you can always tell the developers were unsure of the balance... Not just in this gamethe only thing i really hate about it is the so called ""difficulties"" of the missions...it dosnt actualy make the enemys any stronger or harder, it just increases there health to unfun levels. pretty sure the deadly option adds like 60% wounds(hp) for all of there units...Eeeh..feels grindy with low dps weapons. not to mention incredible ""difficult"".other then that its pretty good. the army sizes can make the game progress slowly, but eh, its a stratagy game. it comes with the territory"
76561198023507159,Recommended,276810,13021193,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,the.grognard,"Moregrind!Yeah, the game is grindy, but I've gotten back into it and it's worth a look.  While the superb tactical system (even with the heavy RNG) is not matched with a worthy campaign (in either purpose or content), the tactical game and DLC make for a fun and interesting game."
76561198010490872,Not Recommended,276810,28163849,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lord Drol,"this is not a tactical strategy game.  would have better luck at the casino.  85% chance to hit will constantly miss on opponents with little to no dodge skill.  Some developer figured that because he likes playing his games on hard that everyone should be forced to.... which i got this  game because it was said to be hard.  there is a difference between a challenging strategy and this apperently random chance game from over cluttered game mechanics with no attempt by the developers to balance it.  I mean after all the game could be great if they developers put a little work into balancing the game but they wont... because work is hard and obviously the developers only like there games to be hard not their work put into them.  I feel sorry for the people worked on this only to have some co-worker/developer ruin it with a unchangable decision to ruin this game(""lets make it brutally annoying"").  Options!  give people options at the title screen to customize their difficulty(and many other things that most games neglect)  let people choose what they want instead of letting some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the development team decide for everyone.  It really cant be that hard.  (no harder than playing this game)  The game actually doesnt seem like it should be hard and their easy fix must have been to sabotage combat mechanics.  this has destroyed the strategy of the game.  its simple,  kill their leader before your whole crew becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so that the match can end early.Save your money, buy a dice weighted to make you lose and youll get the same experience."
76561198037424717,Recommended,276810,23354962,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NorseBoris,"Perfect if you want to play Mordenheim, but don't have friends, models, or time."
76561198012206032,Recommended,276810,23012099,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hot Pie,"My original review for this game was pretty bad. It's very hard to get into and extremely frustrating when you're first starting out, as the controls are kind of clunky, they don't do a good job of explaining what your priorities are (it's not fighting other warbands, it's getting warpstones as safely as possible), and the game is brutally unforgiving. However, once you get the hang of it it's pretty easy to keep your warband alive and thriving.The customization is great, both visually and the way you can level up your heroes and henchmen to fit different roles. You're constantly leveling up your characters, finding new armor and weapons, and new runes/enchantments, which makes the grind of the game worth it.If you like tactical strategy games and the warhammer universe you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,276810,23270245,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,teddyjaxn,"> playing Skaven> get a pretty high level crew> wrecking enemy warbands back to back> like 5 warp guards> esentually mob the enemy.> entering new mission> accidentaly hit Launch, instead on Deploy and Launch> all units are super far appart, in 3 different areas.> one group gets slaughtered on the outset, second gets murdered enroute to first group> 2 of my highest level units die.> 3 more suffer permanent injuries.10/10Would lose my favorite war hampsters again."
76561198200192485,Recommended,276810,22963175,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,tbouhome,"Slow and tedious. I found the beginning difficult and frustrating to be anything enjoyable. The many positive votes initially drew me to the game, but was sorely disappointed. Games reviewed like this makes me even more hesistant to try new ones. I'm sure it can appeal to certain gamers. Gradually increasing the difficulty and early game explanations would help playability assuming it does not suddenly crash. Also, need to accelerate enemy turn movements or fast skip them. Found myself walking away from the computer often to just wait for the enemy turn to finish. Potential present but playability painful.After more hours of expletives and masochism, I have found some allure to this game and have come to cautiously recommend. The learning curve was brutal and unforgiving. However, there is some depth to the tactical aspects of the game that kept me addicted. Often, I would swing from moments of euphoria to wanting smash my monitor into tiny particles. If you are a masochist and enjoy punishment then give this game a try, but be prepared to yell alot....really alot."
,Recommended,276810,23305891,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,.dR. Cobalt503,"Highly tactical turn based with great scenery. The graphics are gorgeous and the gameplay is pretty good too. I played this pre release and it has definately come a long way.If you have a friend that likes turn based games i.e. worms then give this a shot you will both get plenty of enjoyment out of it. Campaign can be fun too, but I'm a multiplayer guy so I couldn't play a game without it.I don't like the fact that I have to buy other factions as DLC. For that reason it only gets a 7/10."
76561198295357530,Recommended,276810,23299210,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,fighter4theman1,need more playabl tipes
76561198037132156,Recommended,276810,23375599,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ash78,"Very nice port of the table top game although you can´t really compare them.In the table top you just have to sacrifice henchmen to slow the enemy down or to win a scenario. That is not the case with the PC- game. It is always better to keep your band close together for support.And I definitely am missing some very fun-to-play warbands like the Undead, orcs, dwarfes and bretonians.Nevertheless, I can recommend the game not only for warhammer/ mordheim fans."
76561198081457364,Recommended,276810,14688532,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,alderdeen,"the game its self, is pretty go'ramn bad♥♥♥♥♥ I had wanted to play mordheim quite some bit. and when i saw this i instantly bought is. currently it is only the skimish mode, but even that is giving me some absolutly wonderful ideas for when i can get my hands on the full version. I already adore the game. ^_^"
76561198005357780,Recommended,276810,24171353,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Faulgrin,"Let me start off by saying this is my first review.This is an exceptional tactical game with some strategic aspects.  I would offer, in my opinion, that this is one of the best tactical games I've seen (and I've been playing them for some 10 to 20 years...).  The strategic aspects revolve around planning your warband's skills and attributes to meet your playstyle needs, assuming you can keep your members alive that is..I love the campaign aspect of the game.  I would like a story that pulls me in a little deeper but that being said I am still really enjoying the game.I believe the to hit percentages are off.  I'm not sure the random logic/table that is used but after many games I'm finding the to-hit percentages really don't accurately reflect the chance to hit.  I will try to measure this more meticulously and possibly update this review in the future, but would like to see the game designers run some analysis on how accurate their numbers are.In Summary this is an exceptional game.  If you've been looking at it thinking 'maybe', I'm confident you won't be disappointed.Note:  I have not played any multi-player yet."
76561198047203766,Recommended,276810,24225331,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,doomreaper007,great games holds true to the source but adds something new
,Recommended,276810,27425120,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ol' Duck Boots McCoy,"I nominated this for ""The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"" not because it has a sad story but because the RNG in this game makes me wish I were dead. 10/10"
76561198018414156,Recommended,276810,27564603,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Devaz,Tickels the right Mordheim itch when no one around wanna play the table top version :)
76561198053939354,Recommended,276810,19141797,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Canti,Excellent adaption of the classical tabletop game. If you like challenging turn based tactical games I can only recommend it. Its especially amazing how the devs are listening to feedback of the community!
76561198031341803,Recommended,276810,27457211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crapcats,"Don't normally write reviews, but thought I'd write a review for this because I've been searching for a game like this for years.I don't play tabletop games much in real life, but I really enjoy the style. Always played Fire Emblem, FFT, etc growing up and love the turn based tactics genre more than most.This game is basically X-Com but fantasy. If you like X-Com, like fantasy, and like TBS, then you'll like this game. Fantastic sale now makes it worth it. Story isn't great, but I think thats where you're supposed to be role playing with friends (I don't have those)."
76561198008372737,Recommended,276810,27405268,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KilledByDeath,This is a great game. They hit every Mordheim craziness and creepiness just right!!!
76561198057414986,Recommended,276810,27564147,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark Plagueman,"I used to play the tabletop version of this and always found it loads of fun, so far this is turning out the same!"
76561197999484371,Recommended,276810,28174452,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,StimJunky,"Mordheim is a very rewarding game but with a very steap learnig curve. You will lose and badly at the beginning if you don't understand the game and all the mechanics of the game(I had to restart warbands five times when I was new). Once you get past the learning curve however the game is incredibly fun. Mordiem is like a 3D version of Darkest Dungeon, only more brutal and punishing. Mordheim is a game of wit, where you need to out maneuver your opponent, with sometimes brutal consequences if you can't.Because of the unforgiving nature of this game you will  grow attactched to your individual soldiers. As they level and become more powerful, they start to feel like old friends. However one bad decision, or poor planning on your part can get them maimed or even killed. While it can be disheartening when one of your most dependable and strongest soldiers get crippled or maimed, it is also what makes the game so riveting. When one of you guys survives an ambush by the skin of his teeth it can be a real thrill."
,Recommended,276810,28223944,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Taiku,"A pretty fantastic triumph of game design over budget, and it's a turn-based tactics game that doesn't run on a grid or has an isometric view. I've been getting sick of those."
76561198080971519,Recommended,276810,28150518,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,TaeKwonDnt,"This is one of those games that will hit you harder than a nun with a yard stick. I love it.I can forgive the graphics to a point. It's not the most visually pleasing thing out there, but the gameplay is what matters.Unit customization is pretty limited, but I think this was an Indie game, so I can let that slide. Combat is pretty simple, but there are so many intricacies in gameplay and team set ups.All of your actions have a consequence. No saved games to reload. RNG hates you. This game hates you. It will punish you. HARD. Sadists will absolutely adore this.I haven't been able to progress very far because I just can't get better at this game for some reason. I kinda suck. However, I still have fun regardless.If you like Darkest Dungeon, XCOM, XCOM2, etc., pick this one up if it's on sale. Notice only if it's on sale."
76561198044503117,Recommended,276810,28116629,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gregmaful,Whilst increidbly fustrating at first (and still throughout when luck messes with you) Mordheim becomes increibly enjoyable once you understand the core mechanics. However as the Story missions are rather difficult you spend most of your time doing the randomly generated quests. The current number of warbands means that these do not get too stale for a short while however more diversity is really required for more long term enjoyment.Enough people have talked about the charchter and warband system and I think this is obviously the main attraction to the game along with its difficult and unforgiving nature.
76561198063320669,Recommended,276810,28121401,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,davidmadgwick94,"Plesantly suprised by the game having played the original Tabletop game i was worried that the game would not live up to expectaions. having seen many bad reviews of this game on its launch I left purchasing the game for a while untill i saw it in the recent sale. Having now played the game I have felt compeled to write this my very first review ever on steam, yes thats how much this game has pleased me. really bring the elements of the tabletop game into the 21st century gaming enviroment and i'll certianly be looking forward to further developments and DLC content (hoping for Dwarfs and Orks). The turn baseed sysem works very well and although i have seen complaints about the number generation the orginal game was dice roles and yes somtimes you get a string of bad results meaning your great leader fully kitted up get his arm choped off or worse. Hardcore and unforgiving just the way Mordheim should be!"
,Not Recommended,276810,28010780,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Akasi,"I have played tons of Xcom and other similar games, this one is just too difficult for my liking.. I prefer to relax and enjoy games."
76561198031566114,Recommended,276810,27771222,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DaxD,The game is fun and challenging.My only major gripe is no UI mapping manual to explain what some of the icons mean. It feels like I have to stumble my way through the game and hope to figure it out. The learning curve is pretty high. It is not a download and play right away game.Still enjoying it though.
76561198055625147,Recommended,276810,28317857,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,MrSquirrelo,"Old ReviewEARLY ACCESS REVIEW:Firstly, if you've played the Mordheim tabletop game, THIS IS NOT IT, it merely takes the themes, aesthetics and mindset. It's a solid tactical turn-based strategy game with an emphasis on unit cohesion. I've played as all of the factions with the exception of Sigmar, which is next and I think you'll be happy with the variety. Though Chaos seems underpowered in terms of ranged combat and Mercenaries overpowered in the same area, it is still in beta and final balance tweaks are happening constantly.You'll also find a good variety of players when you take it online, from people like me, who tend to stick to the rooftops and use ambush tactics, to brawny, frontline players who smash everything they see, to entire units of snipers. All are effective given circumstance. The magic targetting needs a little work and the Skaven need more ranged options, but otherwise the game is incredible, especially considering the phase its at.As a former Mordheim (coreheim) player, and a fan of this style of dark fantasy, as well as a tactical strategy fan, I'm going to give this game a 9/10 potential with a current score of 7.5/10 because of interface issues and the above complaints.New Review:Just reinstalled it after a while of not playing...good job me. Bought all the DLC and went to town, oh my god has this game improved, play it."
76561198007683734,Recommended,276810,27253937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,woth_xantos,Best warhammer game.
,Recommended,276810,27377137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I Can't Remember,"Being a fan of the original table top, I was very excited for this game to come out. I of course realized that it wouldn't be a perfect translation, because the table top had a lot of wierd (or should I say wyrd) rules and table's which I'd imageine would be rather difficult to translate into a computer game. What it seems to me, is that we ended up with what is comparable to a fantasy x-com game, and while you won't see the Whitch hunters ""release the Hounds"" nor the undead steal your less surviving heroes (both of these warbands are DLC by the way, much to my dissapointment,) it does capture the feel of GW's world well enough. However, this game is increadibly stresful, much like the older x-com games, because it can sometimes seem like the dice gods have it in for you because the game isn't always honest with it's probability calculations, but as long as you keep close together and remember to dodge or parry, you should be able to defeat most enimies without to much worry."
76561198203025501,Recommended,276810,24225422,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,DeadlyDeadington,"The game is exactly what I wanted when it became a video game after playing the tabletop version for years before it. Machanics and scenery is great, while the mutations Cult of the Possessed have has led to weird and funny heroes for me personally. Has grabbed my attention immediately and I play it as often as I can. The only problem I've had is the DLC recently released, and this is just from a couple hours (4-5 I think?) of me trying to play Witch Hunters only to realize: they're absolute garbage. low health, low damage, with me constantly losing henchmen and battles due to them dropping like flies even in 1 on 1 against other henchmen. Was really pleased to hear a new faction came out, but was massively disapppointed with what you got. I guess I'm sticking with the original warbands when I start a new one."
76561197984122241,Recommended,276810,23984616,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Frank Dr3bin,"Having a lot of fun with this game. It is difficult and doesnt hold your hand; if you like easy, mindless games than you probobly won't like Mordheim. The challenge makes it more rewarding when you finally win, however. The witchhunter dlc is good but the other dlc I rarely use."
76561198046809200,Recommended,276810,19200003,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,L'Anaconda Algérien,Great game way more easy to play than the board version.Only problem imo is the lack of races for now but we'll see in the future since the game have just been released.
76561198104506004,Recommended,276810,24167575,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Glean,"I like the game.  I would like it more if there was more custimazation for units.  A better pvp system.  Etc.  But over all I have a lot of fun with it and look forward to more dlc.Over all it's great.  A slower paced game that you can enjoy for many many hrs if you aren't expecting a hold your hand and finish in 2 days kind of game.  More like chess in it's way, or of coarse table top gaming.  Love the fact that there is no save scumming.  Love that you can get perm injurys/deaths to toons.  Don't mind rng.  Over all it'll make you mad sometimes, and sad sometimes, and exited sometimes.  The highs and lows are part of the fun.Over all don't get it if you are super risk adverse.  You will have toons die.  You might even have entire war bands wiped out.  But it's tough enuff that getting the loot or playing it safe is a real consideration.  Hard choices with real outcomes that you need to live with.  If you like your games to hold your hand every step of the way it's not your game.  Play the tutorial, watch some vids, and prep yourself for something more like a sport and less like a carnival ride."
,Recommended,276810,14454268,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,David Knight,"Short version7/10What has been added to the game since I last played...+Campaign mode enables player progression+permanent and temporary injuries+unit customization+rename units+rename warband+smuglers den (faction reward system)+loot carries over+voice actingcomplaints...-story is a bit weak and watered down-lack of cutscenesFinal verdictThis game is a blast to play, it's been updated quite a bit. I'm actually pretty impressed with the staff that worked on this. The game is now worth it's asking price, more if they incorporate a true story mode, with cinematics and everything.TLDR versionOkay, back when I originally played this, almost ALL of the features currently in the game (besides skrimish) were not in the game. Back then I said ""only get when it's on sale""... I have to change this opinion now. Despite the extremely LONG development cycle... they made the game a LOT of fun and it's actually worth the asking price.What makes it worth it's asking price? Well, you have an in-depth customization of your warband... you can even rename the units or the warband itself (originally, all the warbands of a given type shared a name).There is player progression allowing you to start with a small band of warriors. Each warrior can learn new skills and level up as well as have their equipment customized and/or enchanted. As you play, you will be able to hire on more warriors and the varriety of wariors will grow (unlock units such as the ogre or the mage with time).If your warrior or a unit is injured, they can lose an arm, leg, or eye. This injury is permanent and each has a profound effect on gameplay.The story has been expanded but it's still a bit week, that's the only complaint I've got after HOURS of gameplay."
,Recommended,276810,27538512,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Decimus,A steep learning curved which turns into a pleasent challange.A big time sink so don't buy unless you've got hours to kill.
76561198021765481,Recommended,276810,27530507,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Meeky,"Never before have I played a game that made me so angry and yet made me love it so much. It's a turn-based strategy with RPG elements that will make you want to punch someone out of frustration while at once making you yearn for MORE. If that intrigues you, read on.Mordheim is a game that I can't play all the time, but when I do, I really and truly immerse myself into it. The basis is that there's a city, Mordheim, that brought the apocalypse on itself, and various powers throughout the world have descended on its ruins like carrion to a corpse. You are leading a warband of such a group, and you're out to achieve your goals by mauling anyone else that comes close to the precious Wyrdstone that everyone wants.The story itself is a weak point of the game - or, rather, not the point at all. The point of the game is in the strategy, the brutality of gameplay, and in struggling to keep your warband afloat when terrible things can happen at any given moment.See, this is a turn-based strategy, as I said, and it's got RPG elements in the form of your characters. You end up investing a lot into your characters, and you try to keep them from being knocked out in a fight. If they get knocked out, they may suffer permanent injuries: eye loss, arm loss, leg loss, stupidity from concussions, cracked skulls, psychological disorders... you name it. They can also die from their injuries, though some of these injuries are just as effective as having a dead character sometimes. And the real danger is that since the game has some RNG inherent to its system AND you're always fighting warbands of either equal or greater strength, this can leave you wanting to throw the keyboard across the room and stalk the streets of your neighborhood looking for something to strangle.Assuming you can control that bloodlust and channel it toward the game itself, though, you'll have a blast.There's a lot of depth to building your characters, both in equipment and in stats. You learn a lot from your playthroughs, discovering what sort of builds will work for what roles, what sort of builds you wish you hadn't tried, and you'll observe the enemy's warriors and think ""Wow, that's a cool ability that I should try."" You'll find yourself experimenting a lot (as much as you can afford to, anyway). Finding the faction whose playstyle suits you best is an adventure, too; and sometimes you'll realize that a certain synergy between units - such as the Vampire Counts warband with Poison Globadiers, or a Smuggler to shore up the ranged weakness of the Sisters of Sigmar - just feels right.One particular talent that you can get I want to make special note of: ""The Lad's Got Talent."" If you get a Hired Sword minion (read: a mook-level character) with enough character levels (say, 5+), you can potentially get the elite version of The Lad's Got Talent while statting them up. This means they can end up taking a Hero slot and have a LOT of really juicy ability and attribute points to throw around for free. It's one of those nifty things you can discover in the character building process that makes the game that much complex and fun to theorycraft for.Setting up situations where you can minimize damage to your group can be a challenge, though it's less of a challenge in single player. You'll start your battles off by scouting and figuring out where the enemy is most times, then trying to attack them in such a way that you won't get counterattacked too hard (such as taking out a small group of scouts before gathering your forces for a pitched battle that now favors you). You'll be sending a couple folks around gathering the oh-so-precious Wyrdstone that brings you the money you need to survive Mordheim. I've sacrificed some warriors for the sake of getting enough Wyrdstone to see another day, for sure.Finally, remember that this is an unforgiving game. You can't get too attached to your characters - one critical hit too many might result in them being in the morgue far sooner than you'd like. Other times you'll have someone become so crippled that having them in your warband actually feels like a detriment, and you decide it's time to put that horse to pasture. Not all injuries are this bad - some people actually LIKE having certain warriors lose an arm, for instance - but it's definitely something you want to avoid.If you can deal with frustration well, like learning the ins and outs of a complicated system, and enjoy games that are both enraging and engaging, this might be the one for you.Also, I nominated this game for the made-up category of ""I'm Angry and I'm Loving It."" It seemed fitting."
76561197996032581,Recommended,276810,27524188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Scrambles the Death Dealer,Bought when the game was about 10% done and was fairly dissapointed.  That being said the finished product turned out great.Would now recommend.
,Recommended,276810,27558448,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Halloween Jack,I'm a big fan of the Warhammer Fantasy world and I love this game. The difficulty on this game is high but the rewards are worth it.
76561197974162711,Recommended,276810,27093486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zer0,"I nominated this game for a ""Renewed my faith in RNG Jesus"" award.  This game is one of those games that you'll rage quit one day, and then come back to for a week straight.  When the dice rolls, which are done behind the scenes, work for you the game is great.  But as soon as you lose a henchman you've put so much time into because of a bad start on a map, you'll hate the game.  I never played the board game, so I can't say which is better.  I like games that have customization, progression and achievements.  This game has them all.  If you get the game, make sure you watch youtube videos on how not to suck or find a Lets Play and see how they roll.  No pun intended."
76561197979498925,Recommended,276810,27063314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dirges,"There is a lot of strategy here, very enjoyable. Beware the RNG though."
,Recommended,276810,27273350,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blight_Caster,Really great strategy game with some brutal mechanics.
76561197961195488,Recommended,276810,27272234,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2easy4rottan,Dark and grim and just wonderful :)
76561197980038773,Recommended,276810,27448012,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,miksa,I love it. Got a lesson of caution from this game.
76561197971633052,Recommended,276810,28924780,Posted: 1 January,all,neverwinter,"This is a great turned-based tactical game with RPG elements and team management aspects. Has a great campaign for each warband. The game can be very unforgiving at times. Don't worry about henchmen dying, heroes and the leader should carry the game for you. Always stay together, play defensive in the early stages and once your warband levels up, the game will be much more fun."
76561197992991297,Recommended,276810,29049661,Posted: 5 January,all,Snickrot,I love this game.  It is pretty fun.
,Recommended,276810,29049965,Posted: 5 January,all,Asmodeus,"I only played during the free to play weekend but this game was fantastic, I loved what it had to offer, and am praying for more content to be released. A worthwhile buy and plan on purchasing as soon as I can afford it."
76561198038741210,Recommended,276810,29038134,Posted: 5 January,all,Burnheardt,"I never write reviews, that being said I am a long time warhammer fan, mainly tabletop fantasy and I feel this game captures the essence of that in a unique way. I give this game a 10/10 , its addictive however it is not easy because there is a luck aspect to the game which some gamers find annoying but not me because I feel in battle that luck plays a certain role in determining the winner of a fight just as much as strategy and talent. My only gripe about the whole game is that sometimes if u rush moving your guys around u can missclick what action u want them to take like going into ambush stance when u were trying to actully gather Wurdstone."
,Recommended,276810,29056341,Posted: 6 January,all,Hopper,Hard and fun. Feels like Mordheim even though it doesn't quite play like the tabletop game.
,Recommended,276810,29068424,Posted: 6 January,all,lav666,"This game is great, I love it, the people I know that have played it love. The forums are busy and full of useful advice.I do have an occasional stablity issue with the in game map but since I've worked out how recover from this  its more  of a minor irritation than  anything  else.The biggest issues leading to the mixed reviews are the very reasons I love it...1) The game is  a pretty damn good translation of  a games workshop table top (complicated) rule  set. As a result it's not always obvious how the game is working untill you make the efffort to learn it.2) The game does not favour the player or soften any blows to egg you along if things go south.3) The game has autosave system so EVERYTHING that happens is permenant, no XCOM style 'that was a bad turn lets reload' saves.Both these points can be diffficult for some to with in the modern age of gaming.In Mordhiem you are not the special one, you are not certain of success and the game certainly  has bitter sweet moments. Sure watching your marksman have an arm cut off so they can't use a gun any more is bad, but watching the  same one armed guy cut up and kill your mates leader he has just spent days (and hundreds of gold) training is pricless. Especially when you get to wind them up all day at work :)Edit-- Only play this game sober, hangover's heal faster than the results of a night of fuzzy choices."
76561198115384410,Recommended,276810,28768260,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Twitchysage,"I Absolutly Love this game!! Is it hard? Yes, Is it Unforgiving when making a mistake YES, But I am 100% addicted to this game it is Fun, Challenging and worth EVERY penny"
,Not Recommended,276810,16101172,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Panahasi,"I need to change my review.I've given Mordheim more of a chance and I have to say I am enjoying it (70+ hours in)I still don't feel the Warhammer element, but it is a fun game in its own right.Needs more warbands, weapons and mercenaries to add some depth (allow mods?)But it looks like they have abandoned the game."
76561198199589787,Recommended,276810,25222021,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Randall,"What can I say about Mordheim?  I can't stop playing it, for one thing.Oh, yeah---I can't stop playing it, either.  Did I mention that?"
76561198379758918,Recommended,276810,31672027,Posted: 10 May,all,oakenwolfen,"fun game, have about 80 hrs of play and still learning. IT IS ALL RNG when it comes to hitting/missing. this game doesnt have a learning curve, its more like a learning wall. It is challenging, and frustrating at times. If you like the tabletop game or turn based stratagy games i would deffenetly check this game out."
76561198062190123,Recommended,276810,21415031,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,crestfallen,"I decided to change my review and recommend the game because every once in a while I come back to it.There's a great game hidden below some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting RNG and a reckless dumb AI. Nice maps and style, fun game modes and captivating warbands.The game is challenging the way I like them to be, but be prepared to miss some 90% hits in a row and watch the enemy hit and crit almost everytime."
,Recommended,276810,18974101,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,=CHAIN=,This game became a challenging but forgiving game with many aspects which make this worth a try.
76561198006894303,Not Recommended,276810,22111644,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,joshuar56,"Dead game now, don't waste your money on it, the devs have moved on to greener pastures, and this game still doesn't feel finished... Almost no single player to speak of even though they kept claiming there would be, and now there is 0 chance of anymore.  Unless the game goes on sale for about $2-$3 I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198025685125,Recommended,276810,28743386,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,30 30/150,"Well, 1st let me start by saying, this game is amazing.its unique.troop loses an eye in battle, he visually loses an eye, and, suffers the typical penalties for it.if you dont like being frustrated, then this isnt the game for you, climbing a wall should be easy, but no, you stack that armour on and watch the wall climbing fail after fail. A sure win fight (3v1) isnt a sure thing at all, if you find yourself missing and falling when trying to jump over gaps, then there is only 1 thing to do, fix the problem....lvl up stats in the area you are failing.all that being said, this is no doubt, the most fun, suspenseful, addictive game i have played, ever!if you like turn based crossed with RPG crossed with strategy games, this is the one and only.by the way, you cant win on this game if you dont use strategy. going in guns blazing will kill your warband very quickly.PS...SKAVEN BROKEN, ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO BEAT EARLY IN GAME...PLEASE FIXupdate: being a sucker for punishment, i came back for more...got dropped in (versing SKAVEN) and 2 of my troops were surrounded and died 1st round before they even got to move, then from there on they dodged 90% of my attacks and won withing the 3rd round!I really want to like this game but the mechanics of % just never works on your favour. Its a real shame as it would be a good game if you stood a chance, there is only one team on this game, and thats the broken Skaven.update: soooooo, after a hard day of slogging it out, i went the undead team, and by jeeepers, luck was on my side, i actually got far enough to have decent soldiers, now im on a roll...many game restarts and hours of game play to just get the ball rolling with troops that are not mangulated.!UPDATED!!!!WOW, once you get into it, past the 1st few fights, and your team gets a few levels and magic items, you really do power through the fights. I beg to differ that the guy who said he is 1 - 2 hitting creatures is legit, but your doge/parry chance actually works if you're a smart leveller.having to wait until all the bs finishes to get to any sort of a menu to exot/main menu is tedious....so many things a good develpoer would add in. i hope devs read this, it could be the next best thing."
,Recommended,276810,26523013,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TheWOnderfulMrMicFister,"Failing an ""action"" three times in a row with over 80% success chance makes for hours of fun!"
76561198089989828,Not Recommended,276810,26403845,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,floboug,"Ever seen a negative review due to permadeath in this game ?If your abit disapointed, copy your files in   /programfile (x86)/steam/userdata/129724100/276810 on your desktop (files named remote and remotecache) after each mission/day.Then when the game eradicate all your gameplay by chance, you can take it back without too much frustration ...It is less boring than start all from the beginning ...Provided to this, i cannot thumb up the game. This game is just simple♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even in normal play one cannot elaborate the simpliest strategy, your soldiers are more than often pre deployed, and the best ones in the dirty hands of twice stronger foes. Not all the time, but really, one could play in such conditions ? It is simply masochism, and i'm sure some of you players are ...Have a nice play !(xcom could be hard and pityless, but it is managable, this one is not)"
76561198005488263,Recommended,276810,23408427,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Phill,"Having originally reviewed this game when it was released, I felt it necessary to alter my opinion of the game.In the beginning, this game is incredibly difficult to get going - the computer always has an advantage, you suffer losses whilst the computer cannot (because it matches your rating) and ultimately you are going to struggle out of the gate.But eventually the pendulum begins to shift in your favour - where you can optimise characters with the best weapons, armour and skills the computer tends to pick rather randomly (nothing says fun like a heavily armoured darksoul... with a dagger.)The game's movement system is exceptional in design and really helps you strategise, trying to eek out a way to charge for 5 minutes by manipulating the system. The RNG, while incredibly rough, does eventually tone itself down to the point where you can survive the bad luck with skill.Overall I feel with the improvements to the game and a bit of perseverence passed the initial setup the game is definitely worth playing for those who enjoy X-Com and other turn-based strategy games."
76561197968405486,Recommended,276810,25900270,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ALWAYS. ALL THE TIME,"Ok my initial review panned this game.Now I have figured out that it is EXACTLY like the campaign mode of the skirmish games Mordheim and Necromunda, and should be played EXACTLY like those.Think XCOM 2 hardcore mode.  Take no risks.I freaking love it.Pros:It's pretty-ish. Not great, not awful.The involvement is as detailed as the tabletop rules for NecromundaA lot of thought has gone into the mechanics of combat.At no stage do you face a warband weaker than yours - Or Stronger.Enemy warbands ALWAYS match you - even wounds appear on themThe 'develop your warband' aspect is great, but you're always short of cash.Cons:You're always short of cash until you max level.  Sitting there with 5 Warband members who can't learn skills or spells because you don't have the cash is infuriation incarnate.You need to mob enemies to kill them...But you also need someone not in combat to go and scavenge so you can have enough gold to pay your warband.There are no difficulty levels.So if this is a game you just want to sit down and play through the story for, forget it.  Every mission is a struggle.There is no 'reload' mechanic, if your machine crashes, or the game bugs, you suffer massive hits to your entire warband, basically ending their career.The AI is 'Special' - gets opponents stuck on terrain a lot, targets your DLC heroes over all others, makes odd attack choices.Overall impression:The satisfaction of walking away from a fight with no casualties due to careful tactics is wonderful.Don't expect to have 'hero grunts'. Make your warriors fight as a team - they will last longer.READ ALL THE SKILLS.  This game lends itself to specific builds for warriors. e.g. tank, crit machine, fear monger etc.Specialists are more effective than generalists."
76561197981744734,Recommended,276810,26133474,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TheBlackTemplar,Overall I have put a good amount of time into the game which has been a lot of fun. Positioning and abilities and supporting your team is paramount and provides interesting challenges. Overall a lot of fun but very punishing difficultyInteresting but tough game. The balance in some story missions is extremely difficult yet most provide good challenges(namely the Manticore story mission fight is damned near impossible). Also needs more art for unit/gear upgrades. Hard to tell who has what on a visual inspection of troops. Would recommend once they fix the issues
76561198032942803,Recommended,276810,26570632,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,biddyearlyman,"I was a tremendous fan of the tabletop version way back in the day and when I saw it was being undertaken to make a game version I could barely contain my excitement. One word to new players (even though I'm only a few hours in) getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in the beginning is part of the process. It's actually more beneficial in the game version than in the tabletop one because your characters actually grow as they recieve desvatating head wounds etc. It doesn't cripple them (usually) but makes them more specialized. Expect a lot of failure before you get the sweet riches of success. So what if a henchman can't use ranged anymore because he's gone insane and wants to tear people apart up close? use him/her/it as a spearhead and keep rolling with the punches. Definite learning curve but once you get sucked in you'll love it. Makes me relive the days that my warband eventually ended up being a group of crippled, maimed, mostly insane zealots that would stop at nothing to destroy the enemy, short of a well-placed warp pistol ball in the chest, and even then, all the sweeter when you plant a good blow and perma-death somebodies favorite character. Haven't gotten far enough to see if they've employed the ""peg-leg-peg arm"" debuffs yet but we used to go so far as to modify our models to reflect said injuries when playing tabletops was more popular. Well done is well done."
76561198032773574,Recommended,276810,25003544,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,cj7822,"Okay, so this is actually my 3rd review of Mordheim.  After the first review I came to the conclusion that I may not have given the game it's fair amount of time invested, so I played and wrote the second review.  The second review was actually less favorable than the first due to all of the frustrations this title can bring.I love challenging games and Mordheim certainly does not disappoint.  Actually, to be honest, the difficulty level actually seemed to be too harsh.  There are some elements that don't quite seem fair or even at times, manageable.  I'll go into this a little to give you an idea to what you may be getting yourself into.  Basically you take your warband into battle against a rival warband with various side objectives but one common goal, to make your rival route (Retreat).  You achieve this by knocking your opponents units out of battle and once their morale is low enough they must pass a route test.  If they fail, they retreat.  If they pass, the battle ensues on that path. After battle, you have to pay to heal your injured units while also paying an upkeep cost for those units you took into battle.  If you lose the battle, you typically get no income.  Therefore, you have to pay costs but have little to no income to achieve this with if you fall in battle often.  And you will.  In addition to the side missions there will be the Campaign portion of the game.  One main mission that needs to be successfully completed before moving on to the next.  These missions have set ratings and this is the only time your warband can be stronger than that of the AI.  So, if you fail, strengthen your warband and try again.  Every other battle the AI will bring the same amount of units and the same type of units into battle that you do.  However, depending on the difficulty rating (Normal, Hard, Brutal, Deadly), their units will be a certain percentage stronger than yours.  Even on Normal, your units are slightly weaker than theirs, which adds to the difficulty but also the satisfaction when you win.This can all be very frustrating and even appear unfair at times, and it is.  It's all about the management of your warband and undergoing successful missions.  Now, don't be deceived by the amount of time I've put into this game.  I've played a ton offline and now that I have, I've obtained a better grasp on what works best in battle and certain techniques with the 4 starting warbands.  Another reason I initially opted not to recommend this game is because I didn't care for the clunky and unorganized UI.  Quite honestly, I still don't but the game had enough promise and kept me coming back for more punishment.  So much so that I purchased the PS4 version.  In that version I can say that the controls appear tighter and the UI is much more tolerable.With that being said, I've put a lot of time in on the PS4 version and now I can say this is my new favorite title that I own.  Both versions are identical, which is why I feel comfortable mentioning the PS4 vresion as I actually prefer it with the tight controls via the PS4 controller.Some pros of Mordheim are the amount of units per faction.  There are currently 7 different units you can recruit along with 2 additional units as dlc.  They are all of good variety in regards to their skills and attributes.  Also, each faction is vastly different from the others.Although the punishing difficulty can be a negative, it is also one of the strong points of the title.  When you win its much more satisfying and every move truly matters.  It really makes you think and play cautiously as everything is permanent.  And believe me, pernanent is PERMANENT.  There are no resets of any sort so be prepared to deal with the consequences.  The injuries your units can receive after being knocked out of battle are nothing short of awesome.  My leader recently had to have his leg amputated due to injury.  Now, he's running around with a peg leg, althought not quite as fast as he used to be lol.  Another lost an eye, another suffered a broken jaw...  You get the picture as each of these permanent injuries incur permanent penalties to their specific attributes.  All of this makes things all that more difficult but you learn to overcome some obstacles as you must to prevail!!!   Lol.One point I feel it necessary to touch on is that of the ""Veteran"" system.  You have this system in place, which grants additional perks to your warband in the form of lessening the cost to heal injured allies, or perks that grant discounts to purchase items from the shop.  There are a lot of perks to choose from.  The best part of this system is that it carries from one warband to another.  My current veteran rank is 6.  Which means I've received 6 points towards Perks, along with various upgrades such as additional gold for starting Warbands, additional slots to put more units into among several others.  In this system, when you start a new warband (Campaign), this new warband receives all of these additions, including the 6 points for perks I had unlocked.  These points start out inassigned so you can distribute them as you like, depending on your warband and it's needs with how you want to play.Final point I'll touch on is that of progression.  The system in place for progression is very good in my opinion.  There are 9 basic attributes divided into 3 categories.  After most battles, your units will receive points in one or more of these categorries and you decide which attribute to increase.  You also learn skills with each unit.  Some skills are active skills which you have to activate in battle and others are passive that are active all the time.  Some units can also cast spells so you do get spell points with these units as well as Skill points.  Each class of spellcaster has their own spells too, making strategy more important.  I've found it really pays off to properly mix your units, more so than in most other games because a lot of the skills/spells are for specific uses and strategies.In short, I now absolutely recommend this game.  As difficult and as punishing as it is, this is a title you have to spend time with, tweak your battleplan and find what works for you and your warband.  For a TBS game of this nature, its rare for me to find one that gives you that ""Just one more turn"" itch but this one does it...  Just one more match...  Then my guys start losing body parts...  I'll have to learn to quit while I'm ahead, but I know I won't.  Lol."
76561198010423636,Recommended,276810,20048701,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,blizzard5314,"It's not often someone walks away from a game in seething frustration to revisit it months later and fall in love with it for some of the same reasons they walked away from it in the first place. I think this game gave me Stockholm Syndrome.Mordheim is a simple but punishing tactical strategy game in which you control a small band of rats, a small band of lunatics, a small band of sexist male humans, or a small band of sexist female humans (The 4 base factions) and pit them against other small bands of random types in a winner-take-all quest to gather as many glowing green rocks as you can, or else your sponsoring organization (Doritos?) defaults on your Sally Mae college loan and then it's game over for you.But before you can enter the city with all those high hopes ready to be dashed to bits, you get to design your own band! The character models all look great, and there are small amounts of custom textures you can apply to give all your goons a personal touch. You also have the option to give them backstories, probably so it's all the more sorrowful when they see their ultimate end. The leader of my mercenary band, Herbert Halfscrotum, is still alive and kicking.Mordheim promises permanent deaths and injuries for your band, and has a million ways to ruin your expedition. Spells can fail, prayers can backfire, attacks can go horribly wrong, traps are everywhere, random neutral demons can hound your entire band into an early grave... even the rocks you are there to gather can drown you in negative effects. This is a great game for pessimists, because everything will go wrong and it pays to have contingencies.Gameplay is rough and slightly unbalanced in your enemy's favor. I don't think the RNG is rigged, but the AI warbands DO get a health and damage boost over yours, even on the lowest difficulties. I think this is to compensate for their blatant stupidity. Regardless, they aren't pushovers, and I've found the best tactic around is to let them split up like fools, let them charge you one at a time, and gangbust them Clockwork Orange-style. It may sound dirty, but more often than not, missions can feel like an uphill battle with the AI having an overt handicap as well as almost always having a higher power rating than you. I'd give that last comment a definite, but I actually ran into a band with 1 less point than me... but it was in a not-for-keeps exhibition. Go figure.There is a good game behind all this polarization, even if some people can't find the fun in something they can't consistently steamroll. If you were like me and fled in frustration over a lack of noob-friendliness, constantly cursing the RNG for why your heavily-armored tin can couldn't make that climb check and sustained permanent brain damage, consider swallowing your pride and giving it another go. You already bought it, after all. Just grab a few beers (or kale smoothies, or whatever), make a band you really believe in (All hail Herbert Halfscrotum!), and wade back into it. If you haven't purchased it yet, consider giving it a shot... even if you wait for a sale."
76561198007350194,Recommended,276810,30308922,Posted: 3 March,all,xavierferrep,"May be a little too frustating at the beginning, but then, slowly, you start to understand all the mechanisms under that ""stun critic"", and how to achieve it more and more frequent. Great game!!!!"
76561198038784630,Not Recommended,276810,13062819,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,elektrik,"Ok, so the game has been out a while now and the only serious complaint I have is you are paying for dlc or stuck with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ warband choice."
76561198066931849,Recommended,276810,29149477,Posted: 9 January,all,ringringlingling,Love it
76561198013502354,Recommended,276810,31011384,Posted: 7 April,all,buzzm,"I would recommend this game whole heartedly. The graphics are about right, the game play and warband customisation are first rate, but most impressive are the maps.As stated in other reviews the gameplay and AI can be punishing, do not expect an easy ride. However do  not take this as a negative, how often have you played a game enjoying the first 25% before it becomes “unchallenging” and “repetitive”.  I have found having a constant challeneg refreshing and makes me actually think about what im doing."
76561198032713360,Not Recommended,276810,21643626,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[5th] GNU,For a game that focuses on campaign play permadeath only makes sense if the game does not make endless grind a prerequisite for progressing. Sadly that isn't the case in this RNG grindfest where every turn can cause your tens of hours long campaign go to crap entirely and this by pure chance.Avoid!
,Recommended,276810,21096388,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Switchblade,meh
76561198018789943,Recommended,276810,31482295,Posted: 1 May,all,vaa,please add in a no AI cheat option. or at least difficulty levels if nothing else.
,Not Recommended,276810,22448043,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Axeros Taros,"Devs did a great job turning a board game into a bored game. This game for all intents and purposes, is abandoned. The devs stubbornly stuck to a ""1v1"" multiplayer mode, which has always been 1 v none. This game is basically a single player game. co-op mode could have given the game replayability, but the team constantly made excuses of ""we are small and dont have any money"". The game had great mechanics but what good is that when there is nobody to play with. in all the time i owned the game i managed to have 1 multiplayer match. it was lame. this game is like the real game, fun if there was anybody to play with, but there isnt. the game had a lot of players at one time but they were ignored and got tired of playing against ai. a few fanbois shouted down anyone who tried to ask for much needed changes...their job is easier now since nobody cares anymore. devs stopped all development on this to start working on necromunda...they will definately fk that up too. i liked necromunda also but i wont buy a game just so they can ignore all feedback then abandon it as soon as they have my money"
76561198065620026,Not Recommended,276810,19953201,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Witcher,"Long ago, I recommended this game. Now? No. The game has been abandoned, and the community can't even continue it. I've not seen a single update to do any sort of maintenance work, or add any new content, and so the game becomes repetitive when you've played it so much."
76561198012116557,Recommended,276810,15663578,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,BottledViolence,"Edit: have played a few more games and can now recommend the game, it's actually quite fun and a lot of progress has been made.Original review: Very different from the tabletop rules.  Buggy and lacking features, but that may be cleared up in time.Edit: Much better now, lots of improvements and much more fun.  Not at all like the tabletop game as far as rules go, but decent in it's own right."
76561198079116773,Not Recommended,276810,18635639,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gilafax,The game doesn't feel finished at all.
76561198152044818,Not Recommended,276810,18695484,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Darome,"This was originally a positive review, but two DLCs later and you still need to tab through every position on the map just to get your unit to the one you want when you deploy, then for the next unit you have to do it all over again. It's the most tedious thing on the planet yet they somehow still have it in the game. It's mind boggling."
76561198420057828,Recommended,276810,35099234,Posted: 21 September,all,cay.1970.dk,this is what bi would expect from a game transfer from a super board gamei love it to put it simplyi have yet to try skirmishes but stil exploring the dif warbands but expect me to show up there very soon
,Not Recommended,276810,34337629,Posted: 18 August,all,plomp ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"If you want to win, buy the Vampires DLC."
,Recommended,276810,35031440,Posted: 17 September,all,The Big Bad Wolf,"TL; DR: I didn't enjoy Mordheim, but I'm giving it a (tepid) thumbs up.I've been eyeballing Mordheim for a while now. After a fun session where I was introduced to XCOM, I decided to buy Mordheim in the hopes it would give me the same thrill as XCOM, or the fun of playing Necromunda or Warhammer tabletop.It's...fiddly. I would say that the worst part of the game is the non-intuitive interface. The UI could have been worked out so, so much better than it was. This caused me a lot of grief and hampered my enjoyment.Overall, the concepts underlying Mordheim are great. Especially if you're a fan of Warhammer, Warhammer 40k, Necromunda, or other turn-based positional strategy games. For me, it just felt like it lacked depth and a smart UI.A lukewarm thumbs-up."
76561197971583456,Recommended,276810,14316304,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Moonsavage,"This is a good game with long-term appeal.  I am somewhat bitter because I bought it in early access and the ""forthcoming content"" turned out to be DLC at £6.99 per race. Get it, it's good - I just wish I hadn't bought it for full price. Guess the joke's on me."
76561197983049966,Recommended,276810,35073243,Posted: 19 September,all,Crookmeister,"Was put off buying this game for a while by some of the negative reviews, however when it went on sale recently I gave it a try and was very pleasantly suprised. If you enjoy the X-Com series or games related to the dark Warhammer world you'll likely enjoy this one. Now Games Workshop just needs to release a Necromunda game..."
76561198087862572,Recommended,276810,24844170,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,soconn,"10/10 wyrdstones. I hope right now the devs are saying ""****, I needed 11 for my shipment."""
