user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198036053931,Recommended,277430,9726248,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,duck,"For £3.99 it's a pretty decent game. The use of Steamworks is really nice, it's good to see this game has achievements & full controller support.The levels are short & simple, so don't expect a massive game. Achievements & leaderboards add some replayability.This doesNOThave micro-transactions. Previous versions on the mobile version had them, but they were since removed.The only feature I would like to see added is co-op mode.Also Halo 3."
,Recommended,277430,9726753,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Spook is Back,"A Halo game on Steam? Hopefully the first of many more! I'm a huge fan of Halo and when I first heard of this game coming to Steam I got excited.  The game is only 5 dollars which is a great price for the content it provides. Does the game run smoothly? Well yes! The movement is spot on and the keyboard/mouse controls are well done. So I love the controls, the gameplay, the price, and the content the game brings us in general. But, there are a few things I don't like about it. I don't like the video settings. They are very lacking for a PC game. The options are Resolution, Anti-Aliasing, and the refresh rate. And I wished it was Multiplayer. Maybe co-op; that would be very fun. But besides all of that, I think the game is great and worth the price!"
,Recommended,277430,11514453,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,InsanityLemon,Great game but seriously Microsoft put Halo 3 on Steam it will give you teh moneys.
,Recommended,277430,9725540,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Toni,"If you compare it to other Halo games it will be the worst of them all. But it is stilll a good game. The mechanics/controls are smooth and feel responsive. the story is interesting (if you are a fan of the Halo universe).  The cutscenes are also really well made, same goes for the rest of the graphics. I think I beat it within 3 to 4 hours so it is not too long but is has some replay value.Overall it is a nice little game you can kill time with. I think 4.99 is a good price for it and for me it was worth it."
,Recommended,277430,14053809,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Praxis-[CE],"I'm sorry the Halo game you really wanted isn't available for Steam. And yes this is a mobile port.Now that part's out of the way, Halo: Spartan Assault is a fun little top-down twin-stick shooter and it's a great deal for its already low price (and an even better deal during one of the frequent 75% off sales). It's short, but I don't really see that as a downside, personally. As someone with a fairly short attention span at times (like the times when I am awake), I like that Halo: SA is a game that I can pick up and run through a level in a few minutes.The graphics are nice, particularly since this started in the mobile sphere. I played using an Xbox 360 controller and I didn't find the controls awkward at all, though it did take a few missions for me to get the hang of things. The music's also really good. The story is pretty basic, but you're a recruit in training in some sort of Halo universe thingie, and you are using the game to re-enact the historic battles of some heroic spartan assault in some futuristic past. Probably this all makes great sense if you're already a Halo fan. What you get is a nice little series of missions in which you are some kind of badass futuristic soldier tasked with clearing enemies, escorting vehicles, holding strategic points, destroying heavy weapons, etc.The enemies, weapons, power-ups, and the missions themselves are all varied enough that it keeps things interesting as you progress through the 30 or so levels. Surprisingly, there's also quite a bit of replayability, whether it's trying to get gold stars on each mission, going for all the achievements and medals, attempting missions with the ""extra credit"" parameters, farming for XP to buy upgrades, or playing with various handicaps (skulls) turned on.  In addition, once you factor in the muliple difficulty levels and the ability to compare your scores to those of your Steam friends, you can easily play through several times.Add nice Steam integration features (trading cards, achievements, leaderboards) and the only reason not to get this one is (apparently, judging from the negative reviews and threads I see) if you are too busy crying that Micro$oft didn't put the Halo game you really wanted to play on Steam."
,Recommended,277430,32265091,Posted: 8 June,all,salvataz,"For a $5 or less game, this game delivered.There are some things about it that really, really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but with that price, you get what you pay for one way or another.The two things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, just for the record:1. Tank controls. For the love of God, wtf?2. The cheapest and most annoying kind of difficulty scaling. Near the end, The game just throws more enemies at you, and takes away all your cover. You never know whether a pathway obstruction is going to be cover or not. And I swear to God the enemies actually take more hits to kill. On top of that you have to destroy objectives that magically regenerate health, even though nothing else in the f****** game did that. SO annoying.Proper difficulty scaling for a game like this would mean more interesting scenarios, completely new wildcard challenges, and juxtaposed game mechanics that hasn't used that way yet. This game does not do that.A third thing that was just disappointing: The ending. Story was pretty good, and I liked the stills in the cut scenes, but when the game finished, there was only a 5 second clip of ""well that's it for the archives"" (not a direct quote) and no credits, and then it just puts you back on the mission screen. It was really anticlimactic and disappointing, especially after being so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with the last level, lol.Between the difficulty scaling and the story ending, this was probably the worst ending to any game I've ever played.Overall, I still recommend this game. The bad parts really do not occur until later on and overall my experience was good. I mean I put probably 40+ hours into this game for only a few dollars (idk why steam says my time in-game is so much less). I say it's worth it. Just don't play it seriously to beat it. Use it to chill and kill some time, and don't try to beat the game or get all the badges. It's reall satisfying for casual solo fun. Let's you turn your brain off a little. And it's a bit nostalgic."
,Recommended,277430,9725233,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MOMO,Halo 3 would make more moneys Micro$oft
,Recommended,277430,12751419,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Don't let your dreams be dreams,"F.A.Q. LOOKALIKE REVIEW:Q: What is this game?A: Halo Spartan Assault!Q: What is about?A: Heroes (Spartans) fighting against a special Microsoft's team (Covenants) to stop the developement of Windows ME for year 3000 (if you know Windows ME from 1999/2000 you know what I am talking about)Q: Is it fun?A: You kill stuff and a lot of things goes boom and bzaak and puuf....yes is fun!Q: Any sexy chick in this game?A: Yes....but with their armour on....PERVERT!Q: Can I play sat upside down with a beer on my right and a piece of pizza on the floor that I will munch here and there during the gameplay and with a squirrel that will massage my feet?A: Yes you can thanks to the controllerQ: Is this the usual Halo?A: No it isn't...is not a story even...well it is....some sort of spin off before Halo 4....but the missions are pretty much linear and you will end in doing the same thing often.Q: Will you be able to use huge space ships to nuke entire Worlds?A: NO....SHAME ON YOU MICROSOFT!Q: Is this better than Cooking Mama?A: Depends...if you like to boil chickens, grill some hamburgers, cut some sausages and so on...you will probably not like this game.Q: And what do you think?A: If you are looking for an Halo game...well this could be actually a good spin off that will add more info about the original story. The game is fun but still it is a bit repetitive. If you like gaming you will end in trying to get all the stuff (medals, achievements, objectives and so on) if you aren't you will get bored a bit easily.Q: Something missing from this game?A: Co-op mode....shame for a game like this to not have Co-op for the storyOverallGraphic 7/10Sounds 8/10Gameplay 8/10Longevity 6/10"
76561198048587276,Recommended,277430,15452923,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"The game really feels and looks like Halo even though is not a FPS. It has the same atmosphere and the same graphic and artistic direction, making it a real Halo game.These being said, the game is actually designed for mobile touch enabled devices and the first thing that gives it away is the missions length that never reaches 10 minutes. In fact, you can finish most of the missions in less than 5 minutes(if you're good enough), making Halo: Spartan Assault the first casual game in this series.The story is interesting and it's written in such a manner that can justify the moments when the game gets really hard.The game features and experience system that allows you to buy new weapons and abilities. You can get XP points only based on the enemies you kill and the manner you kill them. This way you can earn the Bronze/Silver/Gold star or none (this means no XP points). You can also select 2 out of 6 skulls to make the game harder but gain more XP points.The game is really enjoyable but unfortunately it has some serious issues.There are moments the game feels so scripted and cheap that you really want to ditch it.The default weapons set usually feels useless so you have to pick your own custom ones. However this requires a lot of XP points and force you to pick up skulls. This makes the game harder but frustrating and cheap.While the Covenant troops have no problem in controlling the vehicles, you struggle to.While the need 1-3 grenades to blow up their own vehicles when you are driving them, you need 3-5 at least to do the same thing with the same vehicles. While they can blow up you vehicle really fast with mounted turrets without stopping from shooting, you need more shots and time to do it and you also have to stop firing since the turrets magically start overheating when you use them.And you also need more grenades to blow up the turrets when the enemy uses it than they need for when you are using it.All those aspects make some missions so hard that you have to keep on trying to finish them. Sometimes you need to replay old missions to get XP points so that you can afford the right set of weapons and abilities since you waste all those points trying to figure the right set out, making a 5 minutes mission feel like a 30 minutes repetitive hell and a very bad way to make a game feel longer than it really is."
,Recommended,277430,9727057,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dad Yells at Me,YES! A Halo game on steam. Got 4 copies for me and my pals! Halo 3 PLS :)
,Not Recommended,277430,9727349,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,laggyteabag,"Halo Spartan Assault is average at best. The game looks very much like the mobile game in which it is ported from, and it feels like one too. The game lacks full rebindable keys, and the game feels all in all very clunky to play, especially when driving human vehicles such as the Scorpion MBT using the keyboard.Missions can last anywhere between 2-6 minutes in length, and they offer very little in terms of replayability or variety, generally consisting of ""Get to objective X"", ""Kill X amount of targets"", or ""Defend X for Y amount of time"". Each mission begins with a loadout screen where you can select your loadout which consists of a primary weapon, secondary weapon, armour ability and power up (not active by default), however you may only change your loadout by spending your in-game currency (XP), but there is no need to do so as the game is very easy without such purchases, as there are many other weapons, vehicles and stationary cannons scattered around each level that keep you stocked up long enough to complete the mission with very few issues.The story is very basic, and your average Halo fare: A human planet is under attack by covenant forces, lo and behold: the forerunners seems to have had a foothold on the planet before they died out, and then the UNSC and the Covenant duke it out to try and reclaim whatever technology they left behind, and to stop the Covenant from destroying humanity etc etc. It is not going to be the most memorable story, or even memorable at all, but what makes it worse is that missions are explained with a small block of text, and cutscenes are reserved for the completion of each “Operation” (every 5 missions), these cutscenes, whilst nice to look at with their graphic novel style presentation, only last a few seconds, and do little to break up the monotony of the combat.Graphically the game is very impressive for a mobile port. DX effects are squeezed in to make explosions look fairly impressive, as well as cramming in a large amount of particle effects such as embers and snowflakes which all make the game look alive. The lighting and background effects (post Operation C) are also very nice to look at as it obtains every bit of colour that Halo is known for, a refreshing break from the flurry of grey/ brown games that we are so very accustomed to seeing now. One huge downside however is the lack of graphics options past AA, resolution and refresh rate. Where are the texture options? V-Sync? Or even a colourblind mode?The sound design is very good though, the weapons sounds are taken directly from the Halo console games and thus are of a high quality (although they do sound a little muffled), and whilst the original music composed by Tom Salta (Halo: CEA) is very good, the music feels like it is implemented incorrectly, as the music that often accompanies combat is very calm and whimsical, not the epic music that I would expect from such a scenario (see Halo: CEA OST's ""Strung""). The game feels very Halo-y in how it sounds, but it is a shame that this feeling does not carry over to the rest of the game.(As of the launch day) As expected, I did encounter a few bugs and issues during my time playing this game. I experienced a couple of crashes (which are inexcusable), as well as one irritating bug that causes the game to go into windowed mode when tabbed out, which makes this extra annoying because the options menu cannot be accessed whilst you are in the middle of a mission, and because there are no checkpoints, you will either have to finish the mission in windowed mode, or quit and start again. (There is no ""Fullscreen"" option in the menu, requiring the player to change the resolution of the game and then reverting it to your preferred resolution, or quitting the game).Halo: Spartan Assault is the first Halo game to reach the PC platform since Halo 2 back in 2007, but it is a shame that this is the Halo game that we got. If you are a avid Halo fan like myself, you probably already have it, but if you are on the fence about it, it might be worth the try just because of it's low price, or maybe just to convince 343i and Microsoft that the PC is a viable place to put Halo games both new and old, but otherwise, I find it hard to recommend.UPDATE: Completed in 4-5 hours, that is including mission failures as well as being AFK.NOTE: Unlike the mobile and console versions of the game, the PC version does not feature microtransactions at all, however it is painfully obvious as to where and how they were implemented. Also, the emblem, weapon and armour skin rewards for Halo 4 do not appear in the PC version of Halo: Spartan Assault."
,Recommended,277430,16870976,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Casual, yet competent and stimulating // Perfect for a dull afternoon that needs to be filled+ The control system is solidly designed and is intuitive in practice+ Environmental design is escellent in a way that is characteristic of the franchise; the flow of the levels, the amount of detail, and the impressive variation all add up to a standard (good) Halo experience+ Sound design, particularly weapon/vehicle sounds, is superb; very much sounds like a Halo game+ Plot is nothing revolutionary, especially by the standards of the franchise, but it works very well for the length of style of the game; the cinematics that advance the story, also, are employed admirably+ Stats and level modifiers add an extra incentive to do well, and the drive to push oneself for a better 'grade' is certainly a present factor+ Vehicle combat is one of the game's aspects that stands out the most; intensely fun to play, and the vehicle missions are tactfully placed in a way that breaks up the pace and keeps one interested+ Missions and their objectives offer an impressive amount of variety; this keeps the game from feeling stale+ Soundtrack, true to Halo fashion, is spectacular+ Works well with both a mouse & keyboard, and a controller- Death forces level-restarts, as there are no (in-mission) auto saves or checkpoints; some may appreciate the challenge, but it often proves intensely frustrating- Lackluster models and textures- No multiplayer; limited replay value, overall- Game is really very short; averages ~4 hours to finish a playthroughLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,277430,12618842,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,☢ Ramo' Yajonai ☢,"This game was pretty fun, I'll admit. However, it has some really short levels, aswell as being left in the dust compared to its Xbox One port content. Halo: Spartan Strike is going to be a DIFFERENT game, not DLC or anything for this game (They both look like the same game, or is it just me :/ ). We need more Halo games on Steam, with surviving communities that COULD be saved if Microsoft wouldn't be so blind and stupid! They pay billions for Minecraft, but say no to putting Halo 1 and 2 on Steam, the two Halo games that already have been ported and could be added within what, a week/month? Microsoft could make so much more money from two very loved games without losing a ton of money, but they choose not to. Oh, I could rant for HOURS, I should just leave it at that.Port Halo 3 to PC"
,Recommended,277430,9729871,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DASH,"I've waited a fair time for this game, Finally halo on steam! doesnt matter if its not FPS C:It lacks some things like CO-OP or Multiplayer, Multiplayer might be hard for this game in particular however CO-OP would be amazing to see, all in all i'll give it an 8/10, Very enjoyable, not a huge download.Have fun! <3"
76561198123936611,Recommended,277430,17603436,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nargalishus,"This game is cute and fun. It definitly doesnt live up to the full potential of a halo game, but it does deserve recognition for its assets, like the price and amount of missions it boasts.I wrote a poem about halo:Boy do i like halo on pc,but the company 343doesnt make them all for pcso i cry and say please"
,Recommended,277430,10390438,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Sysgen,"A Halo twin stick shooter with all the trimmings except those great cut scenes to further along the story.   Born as a mobile phone app the conversion to PC is great despite the rediculously short levels and the awkward grenade aiming.   Supports all of the Steam platform goodies, trading cards, achievements and cloud saves.   Quality game, great price.   Your Scorpion awaits."
,Recommended,277430,9725830,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dr. λᵐᵉʳᶤᶜᵃ ☭ 🗽,Not Halo 3
,Recommended,277430,9729601,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,VALIS,"This is really one of the better deals on Steam right now. Never mind it's currently being sold on Microsoft's own Xbox Live Arcade platform for $15 as compared to the $5 here, this is a very Steam-friendly port as well with Achievements, Trading Cards and Cloud Save. Runs great, a few video options to choose from, and plays equally well with mouse+keyboard or controller.The game itself is a good one provided you like top-down, twin stick shooters. I love them myself, and while this isn't one of the best in the genre, it's probably up there in the top 10%. It's not very challenging at first except in trying for gold stars, but the missions do increase in difficulty as you progress through the 30 levels. You also use vehicles a lot, and in that way, it reminds me quite a bit of the older XBLA twin stick shooters Assault Heroes 1 and 2, if you remember those. Except far prettier.There is a lot of gaming here for 5 measly bucks."
76561198022196761,Recommended,277430,11918586,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,madafaka85,"ok I bought it, now  give me Halo: The Master Chief Collection"
,Recommended,277430,13918421,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gosedre,"I'm a huge fan of Halo series and I was very excited when I heard a new Halo game is coming to PC.I knew it was a isometric/top down shooter but since I like these kind of games I was fine with it.The game really feels and looks like Halo even though is not a FPS. It has the same atmosphere and the same graphic and artistic direction, making it a real Halo game.These being said, the game is actually designed for mobile touch enabled devices and the first thing that gives it away is the missions length that never reaches 10 minutes. In fact, you can finish most of the missions in less than 5 minutes(if you're good enough), making Halo: Spartan Assault the first casual game in this series.The story is interesting and it's written in such a manner that can justify the moments when the game gets really hard.The game features and experience system that allows you to buy new weapons and abilities. You can get XP points only based on the enemies you kill and the manner you kill them. This way you can earn the Bronze/Silver/Gold star or none (this means no XP points). You can also select 2 out of 6 skulls to make the game harder but gain more XP points.The game is really enjoyable but unfortunately it has some serious issues.There are moments the game feels so scripted and cheap that you really want to ditch it.The default weapons set usually feels useless so you have to pick your own custom ones. However this requires a lot of XP points and force you to pick up skulls. This makes the game harder but frustrating and cheap.While the Covenant troops have no problem in controlling the vehicles, you struggle to.While the need 1-3 grenades to blow up their own vehicles when you are driving them, you need 3-5 at least to do the same thing with the same vehicles. While they can blow up you vehicle really fast with mounted turrets without stopping from shooting, you need more shots and time to do it and you also have to stop firing since the turrets magically start overheating when you use them.And you also need more grenades to blow up the turrets when the enemy uses it than they need for when you are using it.All those aspects make some missions so hard that you have to keep on trying to finish them. Sometimes you need to replay old missions to get XP points so that you can afford the right set of weapons and abilities since you waste all those points trying to figure the right set out, making a 5 minutes mission feel like a 30 minutes repetitive hell and a very bad way to make a game feel longer than it really is."
,Recommended,277430,9725490,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,burgerpriest,"""Kill all covenant subhumans, it's frag or be fragged""John 1:17Halo has made it to the PC once again, we as gamers, must never forget this day. This momentous occasion is to be celebrated throughout the world.Unfortunately however, it has come to my attention that not everyone is able to enjoy this great achievement in humankind...Imagine all of the starving African refugees that will never experience a Halo title in their lifetime, it is of absolute necessity that we take pity on them.My fellow gamers and anime enthusiasts, I plead to you, we must send aid to those less fortunate. Tell congress to support H.R.499Chief 117 forever.Please like and retweet1 like = 1 respect1 retweet  = 1 saved african child soldier"
,Recommended,277430,32892804,Posted: 27 June,all,Daniel Potter,"It's a good game for the price. The original price in US was 5$, and that was reduced to 3$ later. On a sale it becomes extremely cheap.It's a solid top down shooter. Personally i love the aesthetic of halo, and i feel that this game done the franchise justice, but there are some drawbacks.Most of them are related to the game being also released on mobile. First of all, the structure of the levels. Levels themselves are very short. Basically, there are 6 missions in the game, and each mission has 5 levels in it. That makes for 30 levels that can take anywhere from a minute to a maximum of 5 minutes (that's the longest it takes). Altogether it took me 3 hours to finish the game.I feel that dividing the game into smaller levels wasn't right. The game has a very mobile feel to it as i said. The 3 star rating for every level for example. I feel that smaller levels is related to that.The game also gives you XP for every level you complete. During the start of each level you can use that XP to buy yourself items. You have 2 weapon slots, and you can fit them with a sniper rifle for 500 XP, laser rifle for 750 XP, rocket launcher for 1000 XP. There are also other slots for boosters (damage modifiers, shield increase) and special abilities. And all that only lasts for that level. You have to rebuy that for the next level if you want to use it, and all this is very overpowered. I feel that this is where microtransactions were on mobile.That said there is really no reason to buy all that, because the game is fairly easy, ouside of a few levels. You can make the game harder for yourself by adding ""skulls"" to the level. There is a skull that disables HUD, a skull that makes your shield drain when you shoot, etc. There are 6 skulls and you can add up to 2 to a level, and that will give you more XP at the end of the level. But again you are stuck in a loop, because XP is useless.There are also problems with the mechanics of the shooter itself. First of all, the scorpion (tank) controls are really bad. It's ironic, cause there is another tank on the alien side that you can use. In that tank, you use the mouse for direction and W key for acceleration. In the scorpion, you control only the turret with the mouse. The body of the tank is controlled with WASD. It becomes very hard to control a tank because of that, and in a lot of cases you can actually get stuck.Second of all, there is no turn rate. You instantaneously turn to any direction, and that catches the eye.Also, there is no coop if you are wondering. The xbox versions have an extra mission that has coop, but it's exclusive unfortunately."
,Recommended,277430,9739541,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mostly Nice,"Finally a Halo title on Steam... Albeit the crummiest, most god-forsaken half♥♥♥♥♥release of the franchise I cannot bring myself to call it a bad game. It may just be my devotion to the series and being a huge, life-long fan of the universe that is fogging up my glasses of reasoning, or it may be the atmosphere the game immediately creates with the un-mistakable sound track. Either way, I’m pretty damn happy with the $5.00 I spent acquiring this fairly respectable game. Whilst in no way does it do the franchise any justification or could even sit amongst the many flawless titles that have been released over the last 14 years, I’m happy to have it in my steam library and I’m pleased by the trading card support that includes some great art-work which keeps the universe alive and cements its place on the PC platform. I sincerely hope the cement is not the tombstone of it here and that now Microsoft, the owners of the series will publish other great titles onto Steam. Wishful thinking, I know. But there is plenty of reasoning to suggest it could happen.The game it’s self is obviously one created for a sub-pc platform, phones, tablets etc. It does feel like a lame implementation of something that wasn’t made for Pc however holds a decent arcade element and has some okay level content. The missions are a bit short and lack anything to get your teeth sunk into but again it must be remembered that this game was likely something people would play on the train to work.At the end of the day, if you enjoy the Halo series you will buy it because it is only $5 and gives you some nostalgia. I just hope it is not for that reason Microsoft have released it to lure PC players back to the console and boost Xbone sales or plug a new Halo game. As much as I want to relive it all and embrace a new title, my console days are over – I’ve made my bed and I will do as my father always told me – lay in it."
,Not Recommended,277430,10638940,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BooglyWooglyWoo,"The shooting mechanics are shallow, the missions are VERY short, there is no multiplayer or co-op and the story is rather *meh*. If you are a major fan of the Halo universe or have a chronic fear of quality this game is for you, but for me there are a lot of other top-down Bullet-hell style shooters that I would play instead"
,Recommended,277430,18072861,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"+ Great graphics + sound+ Smooth control system+ Nice mission design+ Nice vehicle combat- Models and weapons are too few- Game is too short, even for a small game like this- No co-op play. This game would be awesome with a co-op mode.This is really a decent game but you should only purchase when it's on sale.7/10"
,Recommended,277430,10835499,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"For a good number of gamers, the Halo franchise is synonymous with the Xbox name. After all, the first Halo helped launch the console and made it a hit in a PS2-dominated space. Halo 2 helped solidify Xbox Live as the premiere place for online gaming on a console. The thought of an Xbox console without a new Halo game is unfathomable. Microsoft saw fit to give an older Halo title to satisfy fans. Halo: Spartan Assault is a fine title. It just isn't what people were expecting.Set in a time period between Halo 3 and Halo 4, Halo: Spartan Assault doesn't have you taking on the role of the famous Master Chief. Instead, you take on the roles of both Spartans, Davis and Palmer, at the outpost on Draetheus V and its moon, X50. The outpost is under attack from a Covenant force that has ignored the peace treaty and gone rogue. You repel enemy forces to prevent them from uncovering old Forerunner technology, which can be used to destroy planets.The tale certainly holds more significance if you pay attention to the franchise lore outside of video games. The heroes in this title play significant roles in the novels and such. What you get are the highlights of an important battle, rather than a fully fleshed-out tale. Aside from animated storyboards that bookend the chapters, most of the tale is told in text boxes that precede each mission, and even that doesn't do much beyond explaining the events that preceded the mission. Part of the reason for this is because you're essentially playing a program aboard the UNSC ship Infinity that uses the battle as tactical training for Spartans during their off-time. It is an interesting framing device, but it makes it feel like a throwaway story since it doesn't try to tie into the other games.Spartan Assault marks the second official time the Halo franchise has veered away from the first-person perspective. This time, the game features a top-down perspective and a dual-stick system to deliver the shots. The game retains mechanics, like a two-gun limit and an ammunition count for each firearm, forcing people to think about their shots during firefights instead of spamming the area with bullets. It also has skulls, a mechanic introduced in Halo 3, which give you handicaps for each level, like turning off your HUD or forcing you to become more vulnerable during attacks.The shift in perspective also brings with it a gameplay shift, as the title is less grounded in story and has more of an arcade focus. You won't see points flying above each Covenant member you kill, but you have a persistent on-screen score counter during fights. You also have familiar badges, like Double Kill, Killimanjaro and Wrecking Ball that act as point multipliers, which are essential when you're trying to achieve three-tier star rankings for each level to gain more XP.For the most part, the levels can be broken down into three different disciplines. Some levels have you hunting specific targets, with or without a time limit. Others are escort missions, and some levels require you to hold down your position until help arrives. No matter what, the missions rarely deviate from a given task, and instead of combining them into one giant quest, the game sets this up as 30 different levels.As far as the core game goes, it isn't a bad shooter. The mechanics of the Halo universe work very well here, though there is a heavy emphasis on on-foot action over vehicles. The arena style of environment keeps the game focused on combat more than exploration, a point punctuated by the relatively small size of each arena and the lack of secret areas. Giving it an arcade slant means that weaponry is abundant, so you'll rarely have a moment when guns aren't being fired. In short, it works as well as expected.Graphically, Spartan Assault is good. The environments emulate the Halo aesthetic quite well, with the familiar war-torn bases and barren battlefields meshing well with the colorful alien flora and fauna. The figures are now diminutive in size, but you can easily tell the difference between a brute, a grunt, and every other enemy in between. Their accompanying animations are done rather well, and particle effects are rather minimal. Things like explosions and the aura of the moon's and planet's energy sources are reflected rather well.Sound has never been an issue with the Halo series, and this one isn't looking to buck the trend. The effects are classic Halo, as is the music, which isn't done by the original composer, though his influence is certainly noticeable. They're all well done, but some seem to play at inopportune times, like a sad piece playing during the tail end of an intense firefight. The voices are fine, but the lines from your accompanying soldiers can get repetitive.As long as your expectations are tempered, Halo: Spartan Assault is a serviceable game. It works as a top-down shooter, but you'll miss the enemy intelligence of the older games. The bite-sized missions can be good, but unfortunately, that means the whole game amazingly short. Overall 7/10."
,Recommended,277430,30074643,Posted: 21 February,all,Neko Ayakashi,"Halo: Spartan Assault is a very nice top down shooter game based an the wonderful universe of Halo. The gameplay with each level is very enjoyable and replayable with plenty of challenges. The story is also nicely well done which takes place some time before Halo 4, and both the soundtrack and the artwork is also nicely well done. Halo: Spartan Assault is a very enjoyable and awesome game with plenty of nonstop fun. ^_^"
,Recommended,277430,26551029,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,EGONETWORK™,"its a pretty good just waiting for halo 3, 4, 5, 3 ODST, Reach and 6 to come on PC(halo 6 is confirmed to be on PC btw)"
76561198049260692,Recommended,277430,22844070,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Kez,"Really good game. A very good mobile to PC port. The controls were tight, gameplay was fun and reactive to what you have done via medals. The plot was decent, there was enough context there to create a meaningful story. The base mechanics are inherent of the twin-stick shooter.You can manipulate the game's challenge/diffuiculty level via skulls that modify the play style of the game. E.g. The player only has a shield and when that is destroyed then the player dies or dropped weapons have lesser ammo. A nice twist that offers a chance for some replayability and allowing the player to get better at the game.The enemies come in all different forms and are taken straight out of the Halo games. Watch out for the Brute Chieftan, one-hit-kill. The best enemy is the kamikaze grunt, kill him and it'll drop it's plasma grenades (hopefully raining explody plasma death on it's allies!).For a Halo game it was really good. Of course it been a small game it was easy to get immersed into the Halo universe. I've played the original Halo trilogy on the Original Xbox and they were a stand out title. I'm very surprised Microsoft haven't released the Halo games on Steam. A FPS like Halo was meant for PC.Also the regenerating shield makes a return, so it is possible to cower behind some rocks and suck your thumb until your shield becomes active.I don't really like giving numbered ratings (kinda cliched) but I would reccomend getting this game, especially on sale. You can play through the campaign in a few hours."
,Recommended,277430,23460463,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Andy Prime,"I'm a long time fan of Halo series. Sadly, there are few Halo games for PC, so even such games as this one, ported from mobile platforms, attracted my attention.I didn't expect much in the beginning, but I enjoyed it very much. The gameplay is fun and interesting, aiming for assault ops completion and high scores for Gold medals always keeps you in tension. The assortment of weapons and special abilities is quite wide, so you have several ways for your best build. You can also ride vehicles, both terran and alien. Graphics are okay for this kind of game, I like it personally.One tip for starters - as soon as you run into trouble doing Gold medals, buy Score booster in the mission setup screen. There's nothing more frustrating than looking at your final score and realizing that you've missed the Gold mark by a couple of thousands points.Doing all assault ops would take some time, and it might become boring to do it constantly, so I've just logged into the game to do an op or two, then quit before the farming would bore me."
76561198040886009,Recommended,277430,9728416,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kitty Ears,Gib Halo 3 on PC pls
,Recommended,277430,9726859,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Fallen,"Gameplay wise this is your usual twin stick shooter. It plays perfectly well with Mouse & Keyboard. Graphics are decent, and options include resolution up to 1080p and 8xAA. Controls are rebindable (except those bound to left and right click, the shoot and throw grenade buttons). The story is average so far (I've completed the 5 Missions of Section A). No microtransactions like previous versions. Also includes Steam Achievements and Trading Cards.All in all definitely worth $5."
,Recommended,277430,30365421,Posted: 6 March,all,November,wish halo wars would be on steam...
,Recommended,277430,9725443,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Mka0207,"Love the Game, I hope Microsoft decides to let us PC gamers finish the fight with Halo 3.Great Game for only $5, and first halo to come to Steam, which Is Awesome!"
,Recommended,277430,9937838,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Sean,"What's this you ask? A Halo game on Steam?! Impossible!Well, apparently not. It seems Microsoft have finally opened their eyes to the potential of selling on Steam now that their ill-fated foray into digital distribution failed miserably (I am of course referring to GfWL).So let me start with saying this: I amnotinto consoles, I havent owned one since a PS2 many years back, but I am a huge Halo fan. Yeah, it sucks to be me.Halo: Spartan Assault (H:SA) is a twin-stick shooter composed of 30 short levels originally available on Win8 platforms & devices, and on XBLA, primarily designed to ship Windows 8 and touchscreen devices. After each set of 6 levels the player is shown a short cut scene and taken to a new area. The narrative for the game is delivered completely in this way, with nothing being revealed during gameplay itself. While the story lacks the emotion and twists & turns of the full Halo titles, it is presented in a relevant way that ties all the levels together for a game designed to be played in short spurts.H:SA doesn't look amazing, but it still managed to remain incredibly loyal to the aesthetics of Halo and every single model in the game is instantly recognisable, whether it is an enemy/human/weapon/vehicle. This ties in with the sound design literally being ripped from other Halo games as well. Everything sounds just as you would expect it to and even when combat starts to get more chaotic, you can still pick out the individual blasts and pops from each weapon. The only problem with this is that the soundtrack to the game is rather unoiriginal, and also not really thought out very well. Some of the levels are accompanied by music that simply does not suit what is happening as the sense of wonder & exploration of the other Halo games, which was aided by their incredible OSTs, is not present in all-action top-down twin-stick shooter.My largest worry when purchasing this game was whether it was going to be a functional port. Generally mobile games do not convert very well into full PC titles, but I was pleasantly surprised that the controls are tight & responsive for this PC version when using either a gamepad, or mouse+keyboard. I had to rebind a few keyboard keys to make the controls more comfortable for myself, so it is nice that they remembered to include that as an option. The levels are each rather short, generally with 10 minutes being a long mission, but this helps break up what could become rather stagnant. Although the game has a nice variety of weapons, powers, and vehicles, the actual gameplay is not too engaging because the top-down style of the game limits the amount of ways you can approach any situation (it is pretty much always ""guns-blazing"", even if using a sniper rifle). Levels can be replayed at will, have score modifiers, and can even have the difficulty ramped up by using ""skulls"", which are essentially a choice of various handicaps, such as tougher enemies or no HUD. The game also has an XP system whereby any you have earned can be spent to buy a better weapon or power to start the next mission with. XP is earned through completing levels, set challenges, or the updated daily & weekly challenges.Usually price isn't a huge factor in buying a game, but I think I should mention that H:SA only cost me £4 (I think it is $5 for N. Am). Even with the poor exchange rate on Steam's store, that is still very cheap. For me, as a Halo fan, it was a no-brainer to buy this. I got plenty of enjoyment from the game and will keep it installed for a quick fix every now & again. For a non-Halo fan I honestly don't think there is much here for you, but at that price you might consider buying it (especially when it eventually goes on Steam sale!)My fingers are crossed for this to be the beginning of more Halo titles coming to Steam. I am not expecting more, but you never know..."
,Recommended,277430,9726036,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Sergeant Moderately Displeased,Halo 3 would be nice.
76561197971285616,Recommended,277430,20599623,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Vermicious Knids.,Cannon Fodder meets Halo...I like it but my anti virus doesn't.
,Not Recommended,277430,17687398,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,𝓐𝔁𝓲𝓲,"6/10Purchase if heavily discountedIf you enjoyed this review,consider giving it a thumbs up!ProsChallengeIn Spartan Assault you quickly find out that this isn't exactly a walk in the park. The game challenges you every chance it gets and has a satisfying difficulty to augment the gameplay.The A.I suprisingly tries to flank you and uses different tactics to flush you out of cover. The brutes actually function as brutes and try to smash your body into a pulp and the grunts suicidally charge into battle with little regard for their own life.Keyboard supportThis actually suprised me but the game functions spectacularly with mouse and keyboard. The character moves fluidly and doesn't get hung up on objects at all.ConsVehicle ControlsSpartan Assault features multiple vehicle sections where you can pilot tanks,speeders,and other such craft.They definitely break up the monotony of the game itself but they control so terribly that all I wanted to do was get them out of the way as quick as I possibly could. When in the Scorpion tank for example,you can only move in 8 directions in environments clearly not meant for such a control scheme.This results in you getting caught up on rocks and cover that litters the ground and making you an easy target for covenant soldiers.GraphicsSpartan Assault plays from an isometric viewpoint and,as typical of other isometric games,has horrendous texture quality since they believe you can't see it close enough to tell. This problem plagues Spartan Assault in a particularly bad manner as there are many areas where you indeed can see the textures up close and when you do you can tell that they look abhorrent.Amount of ContentOne of the first things you should know about Halo:Spartan Assault is that the game is short,as in 30 levels short.The game is clearly designed like a mobile game and has levels that you can complete in 5-10 minutes each. There are 6 chapters in the game and 5 levels within each chapter but seeing how quick you can complete each mission there really isn't a whole lot there.If you were wondering,there is no co-op or multiplayer mode in this game,though I feel it would be a very welcome addition and could fit well with the style of gameplay.If you found this review helpful or entertaining then feel free to leave a comment and join my Steam Curator Group atMudkips Gaming"
76561197977918521,Recommended,277430,9749896,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Evolution^@Be water my friend,NEED MORE HALO ON STEAM!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,277430,31141350,Posted: 14 April,all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review, so if you want a brief summary of why I recommendHalo Spartan Assaultskip toResultsand read from there.Vanguard Games and 343 Industries reimagine Halo in an arcade style top-down shooter. Halo Spartan Assault offers a twist to the Halo series by going through a training simulator that relives battles fought by Spartan Davis.Story:It’s time for a history lesson as Roland, our friendly UNSC ship AI, takes us through a battle simulator to educate soldiers on historical battles with the covenant. We start in the battle of Drathius 5, where the covenant broke a cease fire brokered with the humans. Two Spartans, Davis and Palmer are stationed on one of the moons. Palmer goes to the main planet while Davis stays behind to keep the moon protected. Eventually we learn the thatthe moon was actually a forerunner weapon that can disassemble matterand it is up to Spartan Davis to disable and push out the covenant forces.Campaign:The campaign is broken down into six components: Operation Umbra, Operation Tempered Shield, Operation Monolith, Operation Captured Chance, Operation Frostbite, and Operation Hydra. Each operation contains five missions. The missions vary in objective and tactical capabilities form defense missions, escort missions, vehicle missions, capture missions, etc. The campaign is relatively well divided making each operation feel unique and the missions seem non-repetitive. Due to the lack of story between missions they tend to seem rather non-relatable, but the overall connection of the campaign is well played. The missions start out relatively easy and as you progress gets harder. Some missions are difficult, but nothing that makes you want to pull your hair.Gameplay:In this top down shooter there are a few times the camera can be a nuisance. You notice when you jump in a turret the camera zooms out and it makes you wish the entire game was played like that. While the controls are relatively solid one vehicle in particular is just horrible to control, the scorpion tank. For some reason each of the direction keys is what determines the direction of the tank moving, rather than the mouse direction and the w-key moves forwardlike all the other vehicles.One unique element is that the game has experience you earn each level, which you can use to purchase guns/power ups at the beginning of a mission. These guns/power-ups are only available for that mission. I’ll be honest I never used this function, but thought if you did get in a jam or wanted to get a gold medal on a mission that’s a bit rough you could spend some experience.Hints:>You can watch all the cinematics from the settings menu.>On the Grizzly Tank if you hold the fire button it will fire both cannons.>The Needler is by far the strongest covenant weapon.>If you have to destroy a building grenades can chop through the structural integrity decently.>Weapon swap out points have unlimited ammo, so if you found a gun you like you can refill as many times as you like from one of those assuming it’s for your gun.Results:Based on how cheap this game is and its entertainment value I’d say it’s definitely worth purchasing. I mean you could wait till it’s on sale for 50-75% off, but at $2.99 it’s not as if this game is breaking the bank. The game should provide anywhere from 3-5 hours of gameplay for the campaign and if you’re someone who wants to get a gold medal on every mission possibly longer. The missions vary in type and style which makes the game feel non-repetitive and there are enough weapons, enemies, power ups, and vehicles to keep the game feeling interesting. The story albeit somewhat minimal is still relatively interesting and provides a nice addition to the Halo series.Pros:+Lots of weapons, vehicles, enemies, and power ups.+Decent length campaign, with a good number of missions (30 to be exact).+Good story and voice acting.+Good controls, minus the Scorpion, allowing the game to be easy to enjoy.+Smooth difficulty curve allowing the missions to be challenging without becoming annoying.+Nice maps with good environments and decent graphics.+Good soundtrack, as per usual for Halo games.Cons:-The camera is relatively zoomed in for regular gameplay; when you jump in a turret it zooms out to a level that is much more enjoyable."
,Recommended,277430,9725922,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Game works fine in pc & game is fun to play! I like to see more Halo games in pc, also in future. Halo series is great game series & i have everysingle Halo games on Xbox. Testimonials! c:FIN:Toimii hyvin pc:llä ja peli on hauska pelata. Minä tykkäisin nähdä lisää halo pelejä pc:llä tulevaisuudessakin. Halo on loistava pelisarja ja omistan joka ikisen Halo pelin Xbox:sillani. Suositteluni! c:"
,Recommended,277430,12925031,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Angry Toaster,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9Oi5Al3Dp4&index=1&list=UUB7oH0JlWiE7hAW_ugErlbQHonestly didnt know what to expect from what is basically an Iphone port but was surprised to find a charming game for a really good price. It is NOT a Halo game and if your expecting Halo 2 again you wont find it here.What you WILL find is a nice, top down shooter in a twin sticks style with decent graphics and half decent story. Its extremely satisfying to destroy everything and provides some challenge without over doing it for a more casual Halo experience.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,277430,19001042,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Linstar★,Top Down Halo Shooter. TBH When i saw it i didn't even check to see what it was i just bought it cus i love halo. You get what you pay for. It's $5 and it's pretty fun and can be pretty challenging. It's like if halo was made by an indie company. The storyline is aight and the game play is pre fun. But at some point for me it felt like a chore to finish. More halo for pc 6/10
76561198242003596,Recommended,277430,32612781,Posted: 21 June,all,SHWIFTYguy23,this game is fantastic for if you are a huge halo fan but cant spend all the money or dont have the console i deffinately recomend this came because of its fun arcade nature and great combat quality
76561198067453339,Recommended,277430,9758932,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,「Brutal Taco」,">I was only 9 years old>I loved Halo so much, I had all the games and the merchandises>I pray to The Master Chief every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given>""Chief is love"", I say. ""Chief is life"">My dad hears me and calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥>I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Halo>I called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥>He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep>I'm crying now, my face hurts>I lay in bed and it's really cold>A warmth is moving towards me>I feel something touch me>It's Chief>I am so happy>He whispers into my ear ""This is my roflcopter"">He grabs me with his powerful spartan hands and puts me on my hands and knees>I'm ready>I spread my♥♥♥♥♥cheeks for Chief>He penetrates my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>It hurts so much but I do it for Chief>I can feel my butt tearing as my eyes start to water>I push against his force>I want to please 117>He roars a mighty roar as he fills my butt with his love>My dad walks in>Chief looks him straight in the eye and says: ""Finishing the fight"">Chief leaves through my window>Halo is love, Halo is life.﻿"
,Recommended,277430,9732727,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lue~ ☆ (Fritty),"As a Halo fan this game is worth buying. the surrounding in the game and the weapons feels the same way as the halo games. and the game itself is cheap to get , the downside with the game was abit that the mission was way to fast to complete but that shouldnt be a bother to much as the game itself takes some times to complete and to do the challenges for EXP. so this game gets a 7/10 and its a game you should get if your a halo fan. if ur not a halo fan i think you shouldnt buy it as you prob will hate it due to the small missions."
,Recommended,277430,9726436,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,SpaceBunny,"Fun to play, Halo theme, satisfy shooting. Good price. Missions/maps are well-built. Feel better buying this game than paying for Blood & Gore DLC in Rome 2.- Graphic options: Players can set the resolution to fix theirs current monitor's resolution (1080p, 1600p,...), Anti-aliasing to 8XAA, and adjust Refresh ate to full, half or none.- Control: Shoot using left mouse, grenade by right mouse, moving by AWSD... all can be set to your personal refference.- Weapons: Players can purchase some weapons at the begining of each map by the XP u got.  Also can pick up enemies' weapons.- Vehicles/turret: EPIC, all kind of stuff to play around!!! +1Definitely worth $5. As a Halo fan, I must have this on my Steam."
76561198041767486,Not Recommended,277430,11306494,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Ryeti,"Half decent game? Yes. Half decent for the PC? Heck no. If you really want this game, get it for Xbox, because the PC has absolutely no multiplayer, where as the Xbox version does. If its just the campaign you're looking for though, it's not a BAD purchase, it's just that you could spend your money on other Halo games more worth your time."
,Not Recommended,277430,28266871,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Middle,"Really not all that great of a game. Feels like it was meant to be played with a controller, considering how clunky vehicle movement feels on a mouse and keyboard, but is way too fast paced to be viable. The game does little in the way of difficulty outside of skulls, and unless you enable 4+ of them nothing really increases in difficulty. The two final levels of the campaign are probably the hardest regardless, but not in a way that feels fun, just completely overbearing. Story is fairly forgettable, although I did play the first chapter and the last five nearly a year apart.I'd reccomend passing on this game unless it's on sale for $3 or less.About 4 hours of gameplay, nothing too spectacular and so-so mission variety."
76561197993967125,Recommended,277430,24839472,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vekotin,"(ENG)Spartan Assault is an ok casual version of Halo games. Gameplay is mostly fluent and missions are conveniently short so you can play also if you have only a little time (or just short temper). At some points you can see that the game is not of PC origin because it feels almost too easy. Luckily there's also a few more challenging missions. Spartan Assault is of course at its best for Halo fans to whom I also recommend the game. Otherwise it's just an ok top-down shooter. If you're not yet familiar with Halo universe I recommend playing the ""bigger"" Halo games first.(FIN)Spartan Assault on ihan ok rennompi versio Halo-peleistä. Pelaaminen on pääosin sujuvaa ja tehtävät sopivan pituisia lyhyisiin pelihetkiin tai lyhytpinnaisille. Joissain kohdissa pelin mobiilijuuret näkyvät pelaamisen helppoutena, mutta on mukana onneksi myös muutamia haastavampia tehtäviä. Spartan Assault on luonnollisesti parhaimmillaan, jos olet Halo-sarjan fani, joille peliä myös pääasiassa suosittelen. Muutoin se on vain ok top-down shootteri. Mikäli Halon universumi ei vielä ole tuttu kehotan mielummin ensin tutustumaan siihen ""isompien"" Halo-pelien avulla."
,Recommended,277430,10707634,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Terath,If you thought that the Halo 1 pistol was mean you're in for a ride
,Recommended,277430,11674327,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Cpt. Rogers [DFS],"The game seems fair in all honesty.But really all it is a singleplayer mission version of Alien Swarm from what I can describe.Too bad they won't add any of the ACTUAL halo games, but again Xbox is a greedy litle box, hopefully they'll finally add halo 5 to PC... Or add the old ones to PC, or both."
,Recommended,277430,9728465,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"Its a fun game if you like twin stick shooters. However, you could look at it like you're chipping $5 in to show that HALO would be a nice addition to the STEAM library. So there's that."
,Recommended,277430,9726824,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kodiak-K2,"While the story is sparce, the gameplay is a lot of fun. A lot of replayability trying to get a gold star each level. The controls are a little bit weird but you adapt quickly and the only thing that I have a problem with is driving the Scorpion.Now let's be real here, should you buy this? Yes. For a $5 game there is a lot of content and replayability. HOWEVER, the real reason you should buy this is, Halo: Spartan Assault is a dipstick for the PC community to tell Microsoft and 343 how bad we want Halo 2: War Collections to come to the PC (I can go on my conspiracy rant but the tl:dr bit is I believe Halo 2: War Collections might be getting a PC release). Like Halo? You should buy the game cause it provides a tiny bit of background for Palmer but more so to help bring more Halo titles to PC. Haven't played Halo before? I'd still get it seeing it is only $5 but don't measure the Halo games by this game alone, there are a lot better Halo games in this series."
,Not Recommended,277430,10653449,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MrMapower,"Looked like Halo: Wars, but it's ♥♥♥♥ing not"
,Recommended,277430,9744887,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Game Party Champions,"To be honest, this game might be a mix of Pokemon Ruby and Pokemon Sapphre, but it combined the good parts and added some more, especially the Battle Frontier. Almost every part about this about this game is near perfect. I don't think any known computer game can actually outdo this work of art. This game receives a perfect 10/10 from me. Waffer out!"
,Not Recommended,277430,12031259,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,riglow,Overly simple and beating it at high difficulties just requires formulaic gameplay which is really less than fun. Halo could have translated better to this top-down but this iteration just does not hit the mark.
,Recommended,277430,10684488,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tom,"I am one of the few people who have never played one of the Halo games before. Mainly because I refuse to buy an Xbox, so all I knew about this game was the name tag that gets tons of hype. Granted I knew that this isn't the normal genre that Halo is best known for.In this game you control a single soldier, you can carry two weapons and have various special abilities. I only found out about these until the last 2 chapters however. While the game is fairly short, and there is hardly any story line to it, the gameplay is somewhat addictive. I found myself being able to finish the game in one sitting. The individual levels vary between 2 minutes and 10 minutes long. The game is very fast paced and it doesn't give you chance to get bored.Towards the end of the game, I found my self being very overpowered due to the fact that I had hoarded experience points (because I didn't know how to spend them) and could use the homing explosive drone on each of the final levels, which kind of made the whole ordeal very easy and probably ruined the experience a tad.The enemy units are all very samey, throughout the game, varying from the regular grunts who just keep pouring into you, to your beefed up melee combat commanders who will kill you in one shot.The controls are fairly simple. Move around with WASD and aim with the mouse. The vehicle controls on the other hand left me driving into walls without knowing which way to turn around for a few seconds each time, left me very confused.You can't ask much more of this sort of game in terms of graphics, it's a very regular decent graphics top down shooter. Nothing more, nothing less. Yes there are prettier games out there, but my gosh there are plenty worse.All in all, I'd say pick this game up on the cheap, or if you are a fan of the Halo universe, you may get a kick out of it more than anyone."
76561197961293726,Not Recommended,277430,10095369,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,oo0Pacman0oo,"Halos back on PC its been ages and well MASSIVE DISAPOINTMENT, for the price its good but its so repetitive and a drag, probably good  for about an hour at most i played for 45 mins (doesn't show for some reason), should of made it a Turn Based Strategy game or a FPS but a run and gun birds eye view shooter does not suit Halo"
,Recommended,277430,12023430,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,LowFatMilk,"This game is actually really decent. I got it during a sale for 75% off and I recommend you do the same. Probably don't spend top dollar, but it's worth buying at some stage.If you love the HALO franchise you'll get a kick out of this; you play as Spartans Palmer and Davis and kick Covenant♥♥♥♥♥♥with a variety of familiar weapons and vehicles (Assault Rifle, Needler, Ghost, Cloaking etc) and a few new ones (Seeker Drones, Plasma Repeaters, Incendiary Grenades, and the ultimate in UNSC cavalry, the Grizzly Main Battle Tank).It is rather short, with 7 chapters each with 5 missions that usually last between 3-8 minutes. But it's good fun and is a satisfying game to play between work or uni study.Eventually I just got 100% completion simply by playing a level now and then so it's pretty achievable for anyone who is a completionist :)"
,Recommended,277430,30859999,Posted: 31 March,all,Ezah,"Spartan Assault was a super cheapo game that I picked up on sale just for the heck of it, and it is significantly better than I expected for the cost. It's a top down shooter that uses the Halo franchise's assets, resulting in a different yet fun romp through an altogether irrelevant story. Some liberties were taken to make the game playable, such as grenades and guns auto targetting within a certain range, no verticality (and therefore no flying stuff, drones are kinda iffy), and the super powerful weapons cost XP to use on a per map basis.The gameplay is solid, the polish is crazy for a game at this price tier (menus, HUD during gameplay, environments and models are all really good). The game is set up to be replayed over and over, as the Assault Ops, XP, and Skulls mechanics are all designed for you to learn each map and then maximize what you can do. I personally tend to despise this kind of tactic, but there is nothing locked away; if you want to do it the first time seeing a map, you can, and the replayability is just for fun and/or achievements.If you have a few dollars leftover after splurging during sales, or just want a game that has no strings attached (no crazy plot to remember, no complex mechanics), definitely buy this game. It's inexpensive, but not cheap, very solid quality game."
,Recommended,277430,26281216,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,VitaR,"Many people complaining about not being FPS, do you even read the specs of the product before buying it?Spartan Assault was a pretty fun game, as being the first one of this series, I understand they didnt try to force it by adding more stuff, but that doesnt mean the game lacks on feautures.Overall this game:Gameplay 8/10, I dont give it a ten because I was waiting to see more weapons from Halo and because the missions feels like you are in a cage all the time, If you played Halo before, dont spect those long walk missions.Music 9/10, good Halo music throw the whole game.Mechanics 10/10, implementing a videogame like Halo with an Isometric view might be such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ many games based on the isometric view are just to afraid of trying new things/add to much action, so they limit the game so much or the gameplay ends being a Turn by Turn game like Fallout 1/2 or Shadowrun(The new ones).As being the first try of Microsoft with Halo in this genre, I was expecting less, but they actually surprised me, this game is so underated imo.Cons of the game, half of the weapons from Halo, was specting something else after I finished the game."
,Recommended,277430,33183691,Posted: 3 July,all,teamjjosh csgoatse.com,"For this price the game is totaly worth the, game is fun ,quick ,good graphicly and gameplaywise is okay. The two only annoying thing which makes the game painfull is the UNSC tank control and the difficulty scaling towards the end of the game.The campaign can be finish in 5 hours it's fairly okay for the current price ,for a mobile import it did well the only issue is the UNSC tank controlswho are awful.I recommend it!"
76561198077623263,Recommended,277430,35088302,Posted: 20 September,all,Elessar,"Quite a fun shooter. Missions are short (5 to 10 min each), and for any HALO fan, it gives a bit to chew while hoping for 1 day the release of the Master Chief Collection on PC...Anyway, if you are looking for a nice, fun and quite quick shooter game to finish in the universe of HALO, then go for it. Maybe wait for the steam sales to take this one and the Spartan strike in a bundle."
76561198011965365,Recommended,277430,20009143,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,Im actually enjoying this game right now! Never was into halo games but this game kept me going. Missions can be beating within 10mins or less. Does have some difficult but for a top down halo game this is a good game!ProsGreat graphicssoundvideo is amazingSmooth control systemNice mission designNice vehicle combatConsModels and weapons not manyGame is too shortNo co-op or online
,Recommended,277430,32323947,Posted: 10 June,all,JAC-MAT-HAG,Played this on my phone a couple years ago and this seems to be the best version.
76561198016839744,Recommended,277430,11136892,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,FUN
,Recommended,277430,9733368,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,HE-3 DRONE,This game is well worth the 5 Dollars! I find it to be an interesting mix between the Halo Wars RTS and the fire fight mode introduced in Halo 3: ODST. The game is fun to play and provides some story/lore for the time period between Halo 3 and 4. It's a must have for any Halo enthusiast!More Halo on Steam in the future please :)
76561198072582975,Recommended,277430,9735913,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Greensoldier,I shot one round into a vehicle. It exploded in a blazing inferno... 10/10
,Recommended,277430,10390768,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,crazyguy-iwnl-,"Really lovin the new halo game ON STEAM! This might not be better then Halo 3 nor Halo 4 but its better then Halo Wars and made my day to own it. I mean, I'm a Halo fan ever since 6th (My age) and I LOVE IT, it runs awesomely, graphics are awesome as well with the story-line (Not finished yet but I'm working on it) and it doesn't take long to download (Depending on you're connection) And its only $4.99 USD, can't go wrong with that, but please bring in halo 2 and 1."
,Recommended,277430,13789553,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HAOS_AKELLA,"Lots of medals, achievements and other little challenges kept this little top-down HALO shooter running for me. There might have been some more weapons, enemies and mission types and also might have been co-op tho. Otherwise - simple gameplay, nice piece of Spartan stories, dem 0.99$ and 9 hours well spent!"
,Not Recommended,277430,9769616,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lauren Jamilah,Although I gave it a thumbs down it is still an ok game. It's a lot different than the other Halo games as it's a top down shooter but it's still fairly good. If you're not into top down shooters though I do not suggest this game; don't be tricked just because the name Halo is in the title.
,Recommended,277430,9744873,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Blue Ninja,"If you like shooting stuff, there's worse things to spend your money on. Plus, Palmer doesn't open her mouth for 5/6ths of the game, which instantly makes it better than Halo 4.Maybe 343 will bring the trilogy and Reach to Steam as well."
,Recommended,277430,9748672,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sevindo,Must have for every HALO fan !!!
,Recommended,277430,12395180,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Đominus Aventiūs,Really fun game.
,Not Recommended,277430,9733994,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,The Cilit Bang Man with the Plan,As a long time Halo fan I believed this game flopped.I did not find myself enjoying this game mostly because it fealtrepetetive and boring.Microsoft would have had more luck with their money by relasing some kind of HD remake of Halo 3 to PC
,Not Recommended,277430,9777094,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,PapaKarlo,"First of all - there is more than enough content for its' price. The game is pretty long, got enough weapons, enemies, vehicles and missions to make it worth while. It's even cought the Halo-esqe feeling with AI behaving and nice backgrounds.But I can't recommend this game for anybody except genre-fans. Gameplay is repetative, upgrade system is silly and obnoxious and overall experience is not challenging or exciting in any way. There is a ""skull""-system, that helps you boost the difficulty in reward of higher score (and points for upgrades), but there are too few of them, and since some doesn't affect gameplay a lot and others makes it rather unplayable - you'll find youself play with one ""skull"" combination the whole game.If you are sick to the tears with Renegade Ops and hunger for something fresh - you could give it a try. Otherwise stick to the less forgetable games."
76561198077390376,Not Recommended,277430,10686105,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SumoChris C26,Its not a Halo its a money making skeme set up by 343 and the Greedy Microsoft Corp        if its less than a pound consider it but if not walk away
,Not Recommended,277430,9747314,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Drinqx,"This game is not entertaining, I got bored after the 3rd mission and it just didnt really feel that good playing it and it just got boring."
,Recommended,277430,11774332,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,corrosivefrost,This is the most fun I've ever had with a Halo game.Seriously.
,Recommended,277430,9731327,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,xXx orange,Pretty cool game that doesn't afraid of nothing.
,Not Recommended,277430,13985861,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[Ø]The Øutsider[Ø],"I'm a halo fan since the beginning, but this game is bad.It's not fun, and the story not interesting.Maybe it's a good halo on tablet, but on pc, you can play Halo:CE wich is better..."
,Recommended,277430,9727188,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Warden,Port Halo 3 to PC :-)
76561198120422025,Not Recommended,277430,12962218,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Niknokinater,"**5 Hours as of this review**-Cricket Chirp- -Cricket Chirp- -Cricket Chirp- ..... Eh, it was okay for a port... I bought Halo: Spartan Assault for a buck when it was on sale, so I guess that was worth it. At first I was having a blast, but after a few levels, I began to realize, ""It doesn't get any better than this."" I stopped playing it for a month and then I returned for the hell of it. The game did prove to be entertaining, until the end. I didn't find any replay value anywhere. I don't personally like this game because I am familiar with the Halo franchise's history on the PC and Microsoft decisions regarding the situation. Overall though, its a good ""time-killer"" but I have little respect for its developers. I see it as, ""After so many years of waiting, we get this??"""
,Not Recommended,277430,16270157,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dextro,"I'm a harcore Halo fan. Ever since the disappointment I had with the initial announcement of the Xbox One, I've been craving some sorely missed Halo action. I bought this game thinking it could hopefully kinda satisfy my Halo needs. Lol ""Halo Needs"" XD. Its true though. I really do hunger for some more classic quality Halo games. Sadly, this game really didn't do it for me. It looks like a Halo game. It sounds like a Halo game. Its not a true Halo game though. Its just a mediocre top down shooter with a Halo skin painted on it. Its sole purpose was just to try to get a few Halo fans to fork over some cash for Microsoft tablets like the Surface RT. I guess it did what Microsoft wanted it to do. It just didn't really do anything else. Quite honestly, I'm really confused as to why this game was released on Steam in the first place. Microsoft probably just thought they could make a quick buck off of gamers on Steam."
,Recommended,277430,14392310,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ghostonica,"its good, you should play, a few levels suck tho"
,Recommended,277430,10595043,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Polaris,"This is a great trip back to the time when Halo 3 looked so epically big in size you could lose yourself during missions. The game itself is pretty basic but retains the essence of Halo. You do everything the same way as in the normal halo games, just from a top down view, with a good background ost reminiscent of the halo series as well.However what really got me enjoying this was the ""size"" of the game, as I said earlier. You get the feeling that even though you are an important element of a war, you're not the only one. You see background battles often and you get that extra juice from  it, at least I do.For the price? a must buy."
,Recommended,277430,10603450,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Schwarzwaldbursche,"""This is Spartan One-One-Seven. Can somebady hear me? Over."" - Sir, finishing this fight! ♥"
,Recommended,277430,10614632,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jake,"good game, but missions are a bit short"
76561197973581936,Recommended,277430,10908080,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Loading...,This is a simple and fun game. I enjoyed it alot!
76561198098430425,Recommended,277430,9757287,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kyle Phantom,"This game is a good distraction, if you're a Halo fan (like me) this is a good way to blow off steam killing covenant....The story line ehh a bit confusing...  But gameplay is very addicting. :DNow someone get Microsoft to put the main Halo games here now!"
,Recommended,277430,22885380,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rich.To.The.Ard.Yo,"Assaulting Halo's Striking Spartan...Short Version :- This review goes for both Spartan Assult & Spartan Strike -I recommend getting it on a phone or tablet but it is decently ported to the PC!Rambling Version :This is Halo. On the PC. Well it is Halo themed anyway!..Halo : Spartan Assault and Halo : Spartan Strike are twin stick shooters ported from mobile...hmm...-	The Idea	-Actually, as a consumer, I don't believe there is inherently a problem with mobile ports, so long as they are a fair price and have been sufficiently upgraded to a decent standard with consideration for the platform. For example, the fact that we don't have our PCs on us when we go to the capper... at least, not all the time......I can feel your judgement...-	Immediate Impressions	-Halo : Spartan Strike as well as the previous game, Halo : Spartan Assault, looks pretty good on PC actually... like surprisingly so...Maybe it's just because I didn't expect too much but daaaaayummm, it's a pretty sweet game graphically if it looks even remotely like that on mobile.One thing that stood out to me in terms of its presentation was how you could see things moving in the background and foreground. Wraith Tanks and Grunts patrolling the streets below the bridge I was on, while Hornet gunships wizz passed followed closely by the wale of the Banshee fighter aircraft furiously firing their plasma guns. All of this creates a sense of scale. You are in a war that surrounds you and doesn't just form a tity line along your path.-     Why I Played     -These cool tricks aside they are not exactly by any means at all games you play to get immersed in, at least that was the case for me. I enjoyed them most when I wanted to almost mindlessly play something while listening to a podcast or half watch something in the background.-     My Biases     -So here's my situation with those games.I got both in a bundle during the steam summer sale for like 3 quid and as of writing I have completed Spartan Assault but have only finished 'Operation A' which is about a 6th of the way through Spartan Strike.-    The Amount of Bang    -Each level is like 2, 3 or maybe even 4 minutes long at a stretch. Be aware that I don't have a good concept of time...The games themselves have a decent length to them. I have about 8 hours put into Assault but I did go back to get gold on most of the missions. Play through it once and it's like 5 hours maybe a bit less...I can't actually remember...For what I paid, I'm happy out with that!-	Conclusion	-I had a sudden realisation that I'm sorta writing a blog which is not what I set out to do.However I also cannot remember what exactly I set out to do either...Maybe I'll just spend the rest of this review defending my choice to get a windows phone as my last mobile.Do I recommend this game? Well if you have a windows or an apple phone/tablet it is probably best to get it on something portable. It's a game that clearly had a lot of work put into it visually and the gameplay is pretty grand, even comparing it to PC games, I have played much worse.FUN FACT : the narrator during the cutscenes, Roland, is voiced by Brian T Delaney. Your man who voices the male protagonist of Fallout 4, neow’ how about them apples.What I can definitely recommend is this video of me playing Spartan Strike for PC.See what I did there?http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uzvzfiWioPoIt might give you a taste for the game sher! If you do decide to check it out let me know what you think, feedback is much appreciated!And just because it doesn't have a great selection of apps doesn't make the windows phone bad!..."
,Recommended,277430,25693065,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"For the price, it is a fun game. Halo fanboys will enjoy it. However, the missions can become very boring.Pros•	Halo setting/environments (main appeal of game)•	Good graphics/sounds•	Decent fun mission related achievementsCons•	Repetitive (sometimes boring) missionsI found some missions had like a fatal flaw where the entire mission was ok but then something at the end would randomly kill you and you would have to start all over. This left you repeating some boring parts more than normal.•	Clunky Controls (especially in vehicles)•	Forgettable story"
,Recommended,277430,12537659,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ATBPsycold,"Whoa!!!! Top down Halo shooter, really!!!!??? There is only 1 thing this game lacks...multiplayer!"
76561198041844214,Recommended,277430,12194411,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NGamer,"Into:Lazer Guns and Rocket Lauchers never looked so great from a 3d birds eye viewGraphics:Haloish?nothing to really ooo and ahhh aboutGameplay:Fun, quick and easyNo ProblemsThe BadNoneConclusion:Gaming Entertainment at it's finest. A game to play over and over again"
,Recommended,277430,10679829,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,fb//Marcus Antonius,"Halo: Spartan Assault is a fun little game to play for an hour or two at a time. The gameplay is fun for any fan of top down shooters.The story isn't worthwhile though but that isn't that big of a deal. While this game is fun it is barely worth 5 dollars in my opinion, get it on sale."
,Recommended,277430,25374293,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Spagett!,It runs great and is definitely a must for any halo fan.
,Recommended,277430,23750091,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Troll3Killer,Only get if you like Halo
,Recommended,277430,9877417,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,dvfaa ;,"Is still fun even though it's pretty much a mobile game. Well worth 5 dollars. Also, we need more halo on Steam Microsoft!"
,Recommended,277430,28848769,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Fun but too short. I got this game when it was $20 Canadian and it is now $3.20 Canadian is a great offer and i wished it got the game at the price now.    Feeels bad man
,Recommended,277430,29456392,Posted: 23 January,all,Striker,"It's fun, really fun. But I wish it was as fun as the Xbox versions with the Co-op and the flood modes."
,Recommended,277430,30689063,Posted: 23 March,all,If U ask 2 trade ill shoot,good for its the cost of a few pounds trust me its good and well made.
,Recommended,277430,12165282,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[SM] Striker,"Not a bad game, but it's not Halo 3."
,Recommended,277430,11902870,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Origo,"For 3.99€; it's a nice game that add nothing to the halo serie but still quite enjoyable on it's own.Levels are fast and effective, you're in the middle of the action fast, you finish fast and goes to another one ect...So, ye pretty decent game in the halo universe ! until Master Chief Collection ? :D"
76561198006555408,Recommended,277430,24276382,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NickNitro,"This isn't the Halo game you are looking for, but it doesn't mean it's not a good game.Still has everything Halo has except it's top down shooter. I personally think it's a nice twist"
,Not Recommended,277430,19170452,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KaristonsWrath,"Top reasons to like: A new story and is somewhat fun. This game feels really likeable and re uses the models from Halo Wars. The enemies know how to play as far as AIs go.  Also most (will  clarify in cons) feel fair and fun to use. If your up for a challenge, replayability is good too.Cons: It doesnt have the features of the xbox one version (add them now developers and not as dlc). i really would like to do the co op with friends. You can also ""buy"" into the campaign with premium weapons that are insanely overpowered. A 400 shot auto rocket launcher..... really ._. ."
76561198077025018,Recommended,277430,13581595,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"The only Halo game on Steam, it's almost a no brainer.It is refreshing to have a top-down shooter in the Halo universe.Spartan Assault takes place in between Halo 3 and Halo 4.Multiple weapons to choose from, vehicles to drive and armor abilities to upgrade your Spartan with.30 missions to complete - this game has plenty of content for it's small price tag.8/10"
,Recommended,277430,13458018,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zero,"I didn't really played any Halo game before since don't own xbox, so i obviously won't talk about the series.Now, to the review.Graphics: For a game designed to PC and Windows Phone, it's great! But take a look at screenshots and make your own opinion, really, you will see if you like it. For me it's solid 8+/10Music: Epic. Tom Salta did great job. It fits the game, that's one thing. It won't bore you at any point of gamethrough. Bah, i myself enjoyed listening it outside the game.  10/10, 100%, A+ or whatever best rate you wish for. I'm in love in main menu theme :3Optimalisation: It works flawlessly on my year-old-and-cheap-as-heck laptop, that speaks for itself.Gameplay: top-down shooter, seems similiar to Shadowgrounds, but it's kinda ""faster"". Short missions in which you annihilate Covenant troops and defend yours. What's interresting is XP system and challenges.XP let's you ""buy"" another weapon you start with, upgrade your shield a little and buy a boost. Everything only for duration of that one mission. XP is gained by completing missions. Simple, and works, i like that.Challenges makes the mission a little more difficult, but it lets you gain more XP for completion. Together with boosts it makes kinda nice combo.I am willing to rate the game with a nice and honest 9/10. Very good graphics and gameplay combined with epic music makes it very interesting game. I just wish it had co-op."
,Recommended,277430,9729369,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Ecumene,"It's not on par with Halo 3 or ODST, but it's certainly fun!The missions are quite repetitive, as it seems to be generally the same thing over and over. (of course I do enjoy the vehicles, that's really fun) Story has been interesting so far, liked the Forerunner ties. (yaaay forerunners!)Let's hope this is the start of something beautiful. The start of more Halo games coming on here. Get this game to tide you over until that day comes."
,Recommended,277430,10886298,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,icyjiub,Well that was mediocre....MC Collection on PC would be great.
,Not Recommended,277430,30675423,Posted: 22 March,all,Jennifer.Diamonds,"After about a year, off and on trying to get this game to work, I cannot recommend it. I am not the only person with this issue and there has been no answer for it. When I launch the game, I go straight to a black screen with no errors.Yes, I've restarted my system. lolI've gone to such lengths as to format my hard drive and reinstall windows from scratch.There is something wrong with the game and I believe it has something to do with resolution. Other people with odd native res have had the same issue. One was 1920x1200. Mine is 1680x1050. I've tried changing my resolution but I think it could be that my screen does not support whatever default res the game opens in. I've been unable to locate a config to try and change it. Been all through my docs and user files and app data folders. Nothing.This probably is a fun and interesting game. But without support on issues some people are having.. I can't suggest anyone else pay for it not knowing if their system will be able to play it.If a fix surfaces I will happily change my review. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,277430,12170894,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Al Ches,"Despite I am not a fan of isometric action games at all. This one is unique.Beatiful backgrounds, vastly armored alien force, easy and simple gameplay in Halo universe.Main campaign not so hard and can be complited for day, but if you going to get all achivements that can take few weeks. Main protagonist load-out can be changed between missons, also there a lots of modificators and skulls of challendge, which can turn most easiest mission in a struggle to survival and vice versa.If have lost in your gane library by seeking some sci-fi game, give a try to this one."
,Not Recommended,277430,23102309,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Captain Ichabod,"Halo: Spartan Assault is - to be nice - not a very good game. While it brings some ideas from the Halo franchise into a different style of game, it isn't very well done (though these are mostly problems with the mechanics and UI / HUD). I have played many games, but rarely have I seen a game that takes ""Minimal UI/HUD"" to such an extreme. The only elements visible are those which are ablosolutely necessary to even play the game with some slight degree of competence. One cannot see how much damage is done to their enemies, one cannot see their enemy's health. The game does not even mention the stats for weapons available in-game.In terms of graphics, the game is very good. It runs smoothly even on my bad computer, and loading screens tend not to take very long. The story is also rather well done, but seems rather obsolete and barely follows what goes on in-game (or vice-versa).Rating:Graphics: 9 / 10Story: 5 / 10Weapons: 1 / 10UI & HUD: 1 / 10Overall: 4 / 10"
,Not Recommended,277430,15679229,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Void,"As many other reviews have pointed out Halo Spartan Assault is not what you expect from a typical Halo game in the series, to start off it is a top down shooter and the aiming can be rather annoying and difficult at times, this might be justified since apparently the game was originally to be played on mobile devices. However, the story is kind of lacking and you can't access any of your game settings while on missions forcing you to abort and start over. Hopefully the sequel will be better but i wouldn't hold my breath or wait for it with anticipation."
76561198106955701,Not Recommended,277430,9753910,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Marcussette,"Though Halo:SA shows a decent top down construct, its overall gameplay issues and uneven difficulty balance leave a bad taste i my mouth, but it may just be me. Controls are sluggish, aiming remains awkwward at best even with a mouse. I can't even beat level D-4 ( elephant ) because of that, whereas i did easily make some gold challenges the first try on some previous levels. Some others required few try outs just to get bronze/silver. Though graphically pleasing, my experience was marred by lots of stutttering when moving too fast around each sandbox map.Pros ( minor) : mix of shooting/grenades/melee combos to do in order to up your game; audio design; level layout as expected for the genre.Cons: awkward controls; rough gameplay around the edges; stuttered map navigation;  uneven default difficulty ( game breaking for me - and i played lots of top down shooters ) , no real sense of progress."
,Recommended,277430,9732753,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Vadam5,"Game is really awesome, i liked it.Way to go.HALO 3 ON STEAM PLEASE MICROSOFT"
,Recommended,277430,9727385,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Thunderfister,Port Halo 3 to PC
,Recommended,277430,12799458,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JACKED BY K,i like playing halo so yeah i like this game
76561198074097647,Recommended,277430,10676297,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,csferrie,Good for a few hours of mindless entertainment.
,Recommended,277430,10649372,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,es92,"A Halo game? On Steam?? For under $5??? Yeah, I had to pick this up. If you compare it to other Halo games it is by far the worst,  however when it comes to Halo the worst is still pretty darn good. It plays a lot like an arcade game, with beautiful graphics, a classic Halo soundtrack, and simple controls and short yet fun missions it makes for a nice rainy afternoon game. I was thoroughly pleased."
76561198105807846,Recommended,277430,10031107,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Notorious Mr. Tom,"Its a very hard (but fun) game, even if you arnt a big fan of the Halo series."
,Recommended,277430,10706202,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RoboAddy,"A rather nice top-down, twin-stick translation of the Halo series.There's no real story here, as missions are presented in a database style.The premise of the game is that you are a new UNSC recruit viewing battle logs of previous Spartans.All the basics of the Halo formula are here; yelling troopers, screaming grunts, elites with overshields and bloody beatdowns galore.The game starts off a little easy, but quickly ramps up to a nice challenge.All your favourite classic weapons are here, but they might not handle quite like you remember.Overall, I give this game a 7/10, wait for a nice Steam sale if you can."
,Recommended,277430,10838689,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HeRmAyNe MuNsTeR,"Coming from playing Halo: CE on the original Xbox I was ecstatic when I saw this on Steam!  I've played a couple levels and the game play is different as it's 3rd person compared to 1st person console series.  The game play felt a little like a MOBA but with the shooter presence.  I recommend this game if you are a Halo fan since it's on sale right now.  I do have a gripe about the Alt + Tab bug.  Whenever I Alt + Tab out I cannot get back in to full screen mode.  The game becomes windowed and there are no options to get back to full screen.  I've done some research and I've seen a few posts about this same issue, but I have not looked deeper into this issue and I don't know if it's game related or hardware related.  Other than that it's a fun game."
76561197979414848,Recommended,277430,10693761,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,williamsadj,feels like a good strategy game for halo
,Recommended,277430,10942524,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ashlei,"It's an alright game for the Halo series. I really enjoy the feel of the gameplay BUT it lacks something: The Respawn feature. In this game, if you die, you restart the level. Whatever happened to the Halo ability of respawning to the last saved checkpoint before you did something silly like running headfirst into a group of covies?The achievement system is something to work on once one has finished the game, so the replayability value is in trying to get a better score.6.6 hours of gameplay for me to finish the campaign.Good for killing time. If you want the actual Halo experience, try the series."
,Recommended,277430,10289577,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Cold Steel,Halo: Spartan Assault is a great game for halo fans. if you are a halo fan you should try this game.
76561198122389549,Recommended,277430,10016179,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Kiwi,i may not have played this game long but im hooked i have found no major bugs the controles are smooth my only complaint is theres no multiplayer.i dont like most HALO games but i love this one.there is only 1 medal I havent got and thats sunday driver can someone whos got the medal tell me an easy mission to get it
,Recommended,277430,11932765,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Call of Duty - Kid,"A good Halo- Singleplayer- Top-down-Shooter.No Coop yet, but fine to play.Its like ""Alien Swarm"", if you know it.6 Campaigne â 5 Missions.You can add different difficult-options like ""less ammo, harder monster"" and more.Achievements & leaderboards add some replayability.Easy to play with Mouse and keyboard.Good price (bought at Offsale) for a good game.1,69€ :D"
,Recommended,277430,14544855,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,YOU PICKED THE WRONG HOUSE FOOL,"I reccomend this game to all Halo fans, I dont reccomend this for first time Halo players however. Great game reminds me of halo wars, that i loved as well as halo 3."
,Recommended,277430,9770234,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,🅱u̴d̴d̴ᎥᏋ,AWESOME !!!! if you like halo you must consider buying this rly cool rpg game you have full controll of the character its uper epic and easy 498567896954765476547787634423534141321378295647985752978430/10 xD
,Recommended,277430,9819426,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Commando ツ,"Really good game, hopefully the first of many Halo games on Steam. 5/5."
,Recommended,277430,9792829,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Red,"Halo has finally come back to the PC, in a new top-down arcade style shooter. The campaign while short is extremely fun and highly replayable including the standard level clearing medals and dozens of additional objectives. As for a game that was ported from tablet devices it holds up very well and is definetly worth the 5$ price point. 9/10."
,Recommended,277430,9738594,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nhedro,"I just played for some hours till now, I was a player for Halo for Xbox, and would love to ahve Halo games for PC, if possible for Steam would be perfect, this Halo game isnt a FPS like the usual but is a very entertainment game, very fair price, a problem i see is the lack of multiplayer, wich would add much fun to it.But still I'm very happy there is finally a Halo series game to Steam, hope its the first of many."
76561198090264587,Recommended,277430,11901577,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Shadowlex,Fun Lore game for Halo Fans! Take a small amount of time to finish it. The sad thing is theres no Halo Co-op magic in this game
76561198040414482,Recommended,277430,13753147,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,WateMerlon,its a different experience from the mobile phone but its a great game to try out either way.
76561198017636421,Recommended,277430,10198793,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Zillu,"Nice game. Different from the other Halo games, but glad I tried it. Not very long, easy achievements and smooth playability."
,Recommended,277430,10121511,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dunn,This game is very fun. I love it and i'm glad i got it. This may nt be like any other Halo but it's worth a try. This game is very fun and i would recommend buying it and giving it a try.
,Recommended,277430,9752009,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,whatisvisceral,Best Halo game on PC.
,Recommended,277430,12418557,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,JuliusModz,Its An Ok Game
,Recommended,277430,10989610,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,LoveFZ,"Reminds me so much of the original Halo but with a twist, on the point of view. A top down view game that feels smooth and is quick and easy to play through. Each mission is straight forward and has some variation in playstyle that will allow you to test the various score combos and get higher scores. The skulls allow you to challenge yourself whilst earning more cash for heavy weapons. As a stand alone game it is fantastic, as a game holding the name of Halo it does a good job taking me back to the old days with the sounds and appearance."
76561198140843202,Recommended,277430,12047826,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Kurii,Game is awesome.
,Recommended,277430,12006359,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,danny69t,nice and fun game...
,Recommended,277430,9746306,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Wolfwood,"Okay, so it isn't your average arena shooter MP space scifi nostalgia Halo.  This is your typical top down shooter/more of an arcade campaign style game.  For 5 bucks you can't really complain with what you get.  Growing up with arcades around this actually brings up that nostalgic feeling of being there.  Basically you fight off hordes of covs with elements of tower defense.  The more enemies you off, the more you defend, the more you keep things alive, and so on the more xp you get. You save up xp to use weapons, armor abilities, and so on for different missions.  It isn't really needed all the time to save up for the sniper rifle or the rocket launcher as the base weapons get the job done.  I would suggest this being a game you play day after day, but more as a time killer or a party game per say.  If you're looking for Halo, Halo 2, Halo 3-ODST, Reach, and 4...this isn't that kinda game letalone an FPS at all, so you will be dissapointed if you come in looking for that."
76561198061131046,Recommended,277430,9750236,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,PyroFierceDeity,"I'm not a big fan of Halo, but when I saw this it interested me. It reminded me of Dead Ops Arcade from Black Ops Zombies. Now Of course before I played zombies I loved that arcade style of gameplay. So when I saw this I just had to get it because it looked like a lot of fun and is worth $5. The only things I am not pleased with is the no Multiplayer feature and the campaign seems pretty short. i blazed through the first 3 levels in 15 minutes. It really needs a 4 player co-op feature though and they need to make the campaign a little longer and more challenging. other than that it's a pretty good game. Try it out! It's only $5!"
,Recommended,277430,10888261,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,giantsfan99,"It's definitely a nice surprise to see a Halo game on Steam. At first, I was a little skeptical based on some other reviews, but I decided to give it a shot and by the game. Let me tell you, I definitely got my money's worth. The levels are short and sweet, yet challenging. Graphics-wise, there aren't as many customization options as some other games, but don't let that deter you. The game still looks beautiful even with limited options. I love the new twist that the game brings to the Halo series and the story it tells helps expand upon the wonderful Halo universe and I'm sure any Halo fan would love this experience :)"
76561197970547575,Recommended,277430,11721133,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Nolanski1,For a top-down shooter it's a blast. The controls are easy and quick to master.Well worth the $4.99 asking price.
76561198137810808,Recommended,277430,13165702,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ONE FIST,awesome!!
,Recommended,277430,13191958,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Melgame,its a new play style for halo and is unique give this game a try n u will love itps. only buy when its on offer
76561198047785782,Recommended,277430,13152101,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Goujon Ramsay,"Halo: Spartan Assault is a great little top down shooter. Wether you're a Halo fan or not, you will enjoy what this game offers to you. The challenges are good, the destruction is good, the music is gooood, all in all this game is good! :)8/10"
,Recommended,277430,13180969,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lamogios,"A very nice game!!!Especially when you are not in mood to play something hardcore,but mostly challenging!!!"
,Recommended,277430,13598731,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Silver Smurfer,"Nice pickup in the Steam sales, especially for Halo franchise fans."
76561198053604235,Recommended,277430,11962351,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Blasmas,Fun game to play. Worth the $2. Get it
76561198108512484,Recommended,277430,13557157,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,stormati,This game is almost perfect.
76561198051157544,Recommended,277430,12535983,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Imperium of Winter,Excellent a must have for Halo fans. considering that this game was made for windows phones and tablets the visuals are amazing. The only down side to this game is that coop has been removed.
,Recommended,277430,12972187,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,afields101,"Great Top down shooter, although not the best halo game, it is fun in short bursts.The graphics are your standard fare for top down, nothing to write home about here except the explosions and ice effects look pretty nice, Dont expect blood like in halo CE, it is very toned down, and looks nice, however I like my halo dripping in blue and purple goo.Gameplay wise this is very much halo, top down! Firefights are varied and are pretty simple encounters. There are some base defense missions where you will be looking after a base or a helipad and waves of enemies come at you for about 5 minutes. They wont be throwing 1000's of enemies on screen or anything, but most of the game is follow the linear path, kill the baddies.Sound is fantastic, it is so awesome to hear the gun sounds and covenant again! Sounds are damn near coming straight out of Halo 3, ODST, and Reach it seems like. Very pleasing to hear after all the years.To go into this game wanting to marathon through it would be terrible because of how repetitive it is. This is a game you play for 30 minutes at a time, beat a few levels and get off or else you'll get bored. This is very much a game to go, well I got 20 minutes before whatever, I can beat a level or two in this before I leave the house.8/10 GOOD HALO FIX TILL THE COLLECTION HITS THE PC!"
,Recommended,277430,13209776,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Aus,Fun little game. Great for the phone and for a little game to on the pc if you are waiting play a bigger game or waiting for it to finish updating.
,Not Recommended,277430,10806835,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,illoominati,It would be fun if there were multiplayer to play with you friends. :$
76561198091560414,Recommended,277430,10600477,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CIA,Enjoyable game to spend time playing for the small price.
,Recommended,277430,21237576,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Guv'ner,"Rating: 7/10This game is a good little game to play, it has some good ideas and it is reasonably fun to play. Don't be fooled, this is not halo wars. as much as i'd love it to be, it is not. This game is good to play but it isn't that big. it's a good take on the halo universe and the textures are good.pros:> textures are decent> good game for the pricecons:> fun but too small> need more levels and more game modes"
76561198110330822,Recommended,277430,9781501,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,wavel54,"This is a mobile platform game, which has been adapted for Computer and gaming consoles. It is a minimalist game, providing only a campaign with around 4-5 hours (7 or 8 for the completionist) of gameplay, for a small cost. The game has it's own style, a top-down shooter that is completely different in feel from the FPS console versions. I'd recommend it, but if you want a game with large amounts of content you won't find it here."
76561197976091020,Recommended,277430,9777695,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Nathan,"Full disclosure: I have already been favourable towards Halo games. Even as an exclusive PC gamer, I still enjoyed the ports of Halo 2&1, riddled as they were with problems, I worked my way through them because there were qualities I found very pleasing about the games.I'm happy to say that many of those qualities are present in Halo: Spartan Assault as well.I'm talking about the general aesthetics, the art and feel of the universe you are playing in, the designers not fearing to use more vibrant and exotic colours, but combining them to truly give an alien feel to many sceneries. The maps and environments in this game have captured one of these key features of Halo, and I found myself really liking just walking around looking at the worlds you are situated in.Even as a top-down shooter, you get the feel that the Covenant forces still are the same old Covenants you ran into back in the first Halo, despite them being smaller figures now seen from a distance, they are crafted to evoke just the essence of our staple alien friends.The AI too has been made to match much of the similar elements you saw the NPCs doing back in Halo 1. With Elites running, strafing, chasing, lobbing grenades, taking cover, dodging and being more versatile than the grunts or jackals, both of whom can run away from you in fear, the jackals if you have brought down their shields and the grunts when friends of theirs have died for instance.The weapons are a good mix and actually I found almost all of them useful, which was shocking, even the dual SMGs felt useful as a spray and pray -type of weapon to deal with swarms of low to medium threat enemies coming at you. I think all are the original ones we have seen in the games, and their feel remains the same, though scaled down of course.I was surprised at how pleasant the effects and graphics were, this can look beautiful and impressive at many times, and seeing explosions and debris flying around too evoke me to like this as an equal to the gameplay of Halo 1 (though not perhaps Halo 2, which I found even more enjoyable, yes, I am horrible for liking Halo 2 more). The lighting and particles too, even though minimalistic because this is a minimalistic game, have been made very well and fitting to the atmosphere of our Halo universe.The maps are short, but sweet and show a dedication to detail, the campaign is short too, but fun to replay, and the medals, assault ops and acheivements add the replayability.When I bought this game I was nervous about how well it would play, the system requirements listed are rather high, my mediocre laptop only meets the minimum requirements (2 core 2ghz cpu, 4gig ram with shared memory intel hd graphics win 7), but I get consistently high frame rates in this game, and you can't set many settings down, only resolution, anti-aliasing, and the frame rate. So actually I could play decently this game. And rather bug free I might add.Controls feel like the biggest disappointment - I can live with not being able to modify many settings in this game, but the way the mouse, character and camera moves are not intuitive, and you can make a top-down shooter with great controls, just look at Shadowgrounds. Well, there is still time for a patch to make this a thing of the past.Last sorrow was that this game lacks the same epic/movie-style storytelling of Halo 1/2, it has some beautiful prerendered short cinematics between some operations, but not the same kind of adventure style, of showing our progression. Perhaps that was because this was again mainly designed for mobiles in mind, and they feared adding too intense cutscenes or longer ones (perhaps even some memory limitations or other?). Also, I am sympathetic to the makers wanting to shift the focus and show the universe from a different perspective, I just hoped that in doing so, we players could have enjoyed the depth of the story more.But on the whole, I've enjoyed this a lot. Fun gameplay, making simple seem respectable in many ways, lovingly made graphics and visuals that border on the artistic. Here's hoping that We will get the chance to see the rest of the Halo games being brought to Steam! Also, here's hoping that 343 Industries will get the chances to continue making great games, hopefully for PC more as well!"
,Not Recommended,277430,14801628,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Level 19 Vapelord,Very generic twin stick shooter with a Halo skin.The game is fun for a few hours before you realize the game holds little purpose for existence.5/10
,Not Recommended,277430,11170787,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Suurin,"Ok, before you start thinking that I just hate the game, let me tell you, this game is fun, it for sure has it's moments of being awesome, I mean, seriously, a Halo Game on PC!? Who imagined! Well, while some aspects of Halo remain, I still notice a few things are missing, such as level checkpoints, (however if you CAN activate these somehow please let me know) I know I have spent little time actually playing this game, when I was playing, I would die by the most ridiculous things, including the mission with supporting the Wolverines (? possibly another vehicle name, not 100% sure of what it's called) somehow, if you are even tapped, anywhere on the playermodel by a vehicle, that is moving, you will, no doubt, be killed. No shields going down if it's a light tap by it, you will for sure just fall over and die, and if you're near the end of a level, have fun playing it over again, because like stated before, THERE ARE NO CHECKPOINTS.Another reason I can honestly say, keep your money for another game.Missions are sometimes so short and simple, you could play it for about 5 minutes, and it would feel like 30 seconds. Other missions however depend on defending certain areas for about 5 minutes, and like before again, if you die in the last 30 seconds, or if you're so close to the heli-pad and something magically kills you, it's all over, and you have to restart it, completely.Ok, I will add more in the future.Pros:- Well designed levels- AI could use a bit more work, but function to normal demands- Has a few missions, including multiple chaptersCons:- No level checkpoints- Either very short, or long missions- Campaign, as long as it could feel to you, has a weaker than average story...More to be coming."
76561198138922458,Recommended,277430,13610838,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,=FW=MajorFrost,great game its a tease for halo fans
,Recommended,277430,13615436,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Heyk,"Não há nada que eu mais ame do que a saga halo, ótimo jogo.+É tudo tão trabalhado mapas, armas, veiculos, tudo tudo mesmo-co-op não tem infelizmente"
90747239472391874,Recommended,277430,11934838,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,ghetto,"Just as expected like any 2-stick game, decent graphics. Not a lot of conetent. For less that $2 I would recommend."
,Recommended,277430,11684342,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Grimmmy,"While not on the same tier as the other Halo titles, I found Halo: Spartan Assult to be a really fun and enjoyable arcade style shooter.  It features thirty levels that take place on the planet of Draetheus V and its moon, as you work to defend them from the Covenant through the bodies of Spartan Palmer and Davis.  Gameplay-wise, it was smooth with fluid and responsive controls, while leaderboards and some challenging achievements give it some replayability."
,Recommended,277430,15184527,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,videogamemaster2000,Very good game.I even like the story.
76561198078220701,Recommended,277430,10734674,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mysterious Hobo,"Really fun game, it gives you a challenge but lets you have fun at the same time.What it does need though is CO-OP, which is really the only part i dont like about this game."
76561198052024505,Recommended,277430,14336274,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,PUBESANDWICH,"GREAT GAME FOR FIVE BUCKS...After reading several reviews on here and noticing it was a mobile-port, i figured, ""5 bucks, cant be that bad its an official HALO game after all"" for the asking price, it is great.Graphics are spot on, and the game runs perfectly on my ho-hum computer.  i have the settings and resolution all pretty high, and it is as smooth as butter... as for the story, well it is what it is-NOT great; but this never makes the game boring.  I am currently halfway through at 99 minutes of gameplay, so its not super long either... but again- FIVE DOLLARS.I do not currently own an x-box, but apparently they get an online co-op, and I feel this is sorely lacking in this game- it would add A LOT of replay value, and I am completely positive that, if combined with a persistant leveling system, this game would be an A+ title worth at least twice the price.GAMEPLAY- 7/10GRAPHICS- 8/10SOUND- 8/10STORY- MEHREPLAYABILITY -5/10also, to be fair, I had several problems getting this game to work at all.. at first when I started a mission or tutorial, the game would just crash- after looking on a forum, I found that changing the game's compatibility in windows to Windows Vist SP2 helped (I have WIN7 ultimate, so come on microsoft, get it together!)  but also I made the mistake of changing it to an unsupported resolution for my monitor in full screen mode and couldnt get it back (was remedied by alt+entering into windowed mode then i changed the rez...) hopefully this helps if you experience problems like I did..."
,Recommended,277430,9759936,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,nicot2k,"For the price, this game is much better than Halo 4, but I'd rather have Halo 3 or Reach."
76561198077842691,Recommended,277430,13572918,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Furyst,Best Halo on Steam. Also only one. GG EZ
76561198070079516,Recommended,277430,9771239,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,reKer,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give us Halo 3
,Recommended,277430,13605566,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Long Dong Swanson,great game. if only i could get halo 2 and 3 on steam. i hope thats the future. maby update this game with character customization? make it more like reach? i dont really care its a good game anyway.
,Not Recommended,277430,13549003,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,skateboard yoga,"It's fun.Only reason I bought it is because I quite like Halo, though this game is pretty much stupid as hell, it has it's moments,I'd only buy it if you like Halo."
,Recommended,277430,21186055,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,HeadShot,"Top-down Halo? Hell Yeah!+ : graphics, missions, little story, gameplay, weapons, skulls, Halo, gamepad support, challanging sometimes, great price- : no co-op :(9/10 would assault with spartan again"
76561197989366318,Recommended,277430,22579664,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,WulfBane,"A fun arcade Halo game for anybody, whether you enjoy the Halo franchise or not.The gameplay is, obviously, very arcade-y as I believe it was intended for mobile devices. Being said, the port to PC allows for a very casual, but enjoyable gameplay. Campaign is fun and full of typical Spartan killing sprees against Grunts, Jackals, Elites, and Brutes.My only gripe is the vehicle control in game. It is extremely terrible and can be quite confusing."
,Recommended,277430,13171609,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Psyduck,I like Halo.I like video games.I like PC games.This is a Halo game on PC.I like this game.
,Recommended,277430,12015453,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Vorlon,Not a bad game if your looking for a game to kill 5min's on from time to time then this game is great.This game is very easy to finish quickly
,Recommended,277430,11944664,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"Today I will try something new. I am going to write this review using only facts and at the very end I will give a quick 'my opinion' portion.So here they are, a buncha random facts about the game.Game - Halo: Spartan AssaultReview Date - 09/01/14Platform - PC/SteamFeatures:-The game was developed by343 IndustriesandVanguard Entertainment-As of 09/01/14 the pc version of this gamedoes not have co opand there are 6 operations with 5 missions each.-You can rebind most of the keys.You cannot rebind the functions Pause (escape) fire (left click) throw grenade (right click) when using keyboard and mouse.-There are drivable vehicles and manable turrets.-There are leaderboards for who has scored the highest on specific missions.-There are cutscenes in the game.-There are achievements in the game (25 at the time of writing).-There is a tutorial.-Each level has a bronze, silver and gold level of performance (based on your performance).-You may adjust the volume of SFX and music in the options, but you cannot do so during a mission.-You may disable subtitles in the options.-You can adjust resolution, AA and refresh rate in the options. (There does not appear to be awindowed fullscreenorwindowedoption but when I alt + tabbed the game became windowed.)Story:-The plot of the game takes place between Halo 3 and 4.-You play as both spartans Sarah Palmer and Davis.-Although the battle rifle(or some variation of it) appears in spartan Davis' hands during the cutscene for operation E, no such weapon is available for use in the actual game.-There are no 'halos'(ringworlds) in Halo: Spartan Assault.Mechanics:-You never reload in this game. All weapons fire until you are completely out of ammo.-Running over a weapon you are holding will automatically pick up the ammo in the gun on the ground (this includes plasma weapons).-When you throw a grenade it will travel towards your cursor location.-Firing slows your movement down.-While inside of a vehicle or turret it will take damage and you will not. If you are in one of them when it is destroyed you die.-Grenades can hit obstacles on their way to target and get stuck.-The plasma pistol can be charged to deal chunk damage to vehicles and disable them.-While banshee's do fly overhead, you never actually fight or drive one.-You can hold up to 5 plasma grenades and frag or incendiary at a time.-You hold up to two weapons at a time and can swap between them.-You can melee using the melee key (default space bar).-There is a border at the edge of each mission to which you can not go past(a visible barrier). Enemies will sometimes phase into the playable area from outside this region and will be invincible until they fully phase in.-You have a Radar that shows enemies as red dots.-There are explosive barrels and objects that can hurt you and enemies.-You can drive over enemies which will kill them instantly.-You will be killed instantly if a vehicle (including your own) drives over you.-If you use the 'hollow' and 'pacifist' skull you can kill yourself by shooting until all of your shield is gone.General:-You can only increase the difficulty with skulls.-There are 6 skulls total.-You may only apply 2 skulls max.-Applying skulls increases experience point gain.-You can performs certain tasks to gain lump sums of experience points by filling objectives known asAssault OPS.-There are weekly objectives and mission specific ones.-Experience points can be spent to swap out your primary, alternate weapon or your armor ability. They can also be used to apply a buff such as increased score.-It is possible to get all 25 achievements in under 25 hours.-There are no flood in this game on the pc version at the time of this review.Personal:-I purchased the game for 1.69$-I 100%ed the game after around 25 hours of play.Quick opinion:You can ignore this section unless you're still on the fence about the game and want my opinion.I'm not too sure how to feel about this game and whether or not to recommend it. I would definitely say I got my money's worth at 1.69$, but I'm left with an oddly sour taste in my mouth knowing that I probably will be unable to enjoy any future halo games. This game contains so many inconsistencies from the normal halo that it's hard to enjoy personally and the lack of Co op really hurts the game. I do not know the details of why and whether or not it was an attempt at further cash in on the popularity of the series or not, but what I do feel is that theoppurtunityfor a juicy and in depth top down Halo has been passed.As a stand alone game it really just was not that bad. I guess if you've got a spare 5 bucks it should provide a few hours of entertainment for ya and honestly if it had Co op this game would be worth 10 bucks IMO especially if they added more than the 5 available on xbox."
,Recommended,277430,10745639,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bludfang _playin smite,lov dis game...\o/
,Recommended,277430,16532140,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Barney Calhoun,"thats cool and really addictive even if its not a fps shooter like the halo i still love it but i wont say its as good as the other halo you cant create custom maps, theres no warthogs or any other vehicles exept scorpion, ghost and covenant tank (i dont remember their names), the mission are shorts you finish them in nearly 2 minutes and you finish the game in 2 days but i still love the graphic and the different gameplay from the others halo i still recommend that game"
,Recommended,277430,10204951,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,LunaTheAlicorn™,its fun
,Recommended,277430,11939624,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SouLKilLeR ❖ACE❖,"Bir oturuşta bitti ama shoot em up severler için iyi bir seçenek. İzometrik kamera açısı ile çatara çutara gidiyorsunuz işte. Farklı silah seçenekleri, zırhlar, bostlar vs. Stealth, drones ne ararsanız var. Genelde oyun çok zor değil, ölürseniz haritaya baştan başlıyorsunuz bazı bölümlerde sinir bozucu olabiliyor. Ama tüm oyun baoyunca sizi zorlayacak bölümler de onlar zaten o yüzden cok takılmayın. Co-op'u da zevkli olur diye düşünüyorum. Başka alan olursa haber versin.Ozellikle indirimdeyken kesinlikle kacırmayın. Parasını hak eden, çerezlik bir oyun."
,Recommended,277430,13616471,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Helio,"You really have to have the mindset for this game going into it. If you've decided that you just dont like top-down arcade shooters where you play for highscore, you aren't going to like it (becuase you're a bad person). Just be sure to use keyboard and mouse and throw your controller away.First of all, forget what happened in the Halo Xbox games. The theme of this game is that you are in a virtual combat simulator reliving historic battles that Spartans have fought and won. This has nothing to do with Master Chief.It's a Halo game and it is beautiful. All of the models' animations are fluid and the AI is tight. The big kicker is that it is a top-down shooter, which I think is refreshing and is a great start for the first Halo game on steam. While people think of a FPS when they think Halo, this game is a lot more arcade where you play for points as you go along with the objective. The classic killing sprees are here and you can drive Wraiths and tanks. I was impressed when the Wraith wasn't it's is own enemy and an Elite jumped out when it got low on health, which allowed me to hit him in  the back and getting an Assassin reward and then jumping into the Wraith and running over some Grunts.There is a lot of fun to be had here and is a great time-waster. It has been a long time since I have played a game where getting a highscore feels good and means something. After a mission you will get XP which you spend on better weapons like a Rocket Launcher or the classic badass Spartan Laser. Get a good score, buy a better weapon, get an even better score on the next mission. While that could seem cheap, it is a lot of fun. Of course score increases with a killing spree and killing bigger targets.Are you going to have tons of hours in this game? No. Will you have fun in the time that you do play? I dont see why not."
,Recommended,277430,14556336,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The_Rihard,A twinstck shooter based on the halo series that's honstly a very enjoyable game that captures the halo feel and look perfectly. Also Challenges & Achievements give this game tons of replay value though missions are short but incredibly challenging. Only  complain I have is that the Steam version doesn't have co-op but beside that this is a great game to pick up on a sale or a must for any halo fan like myself.9/10Fine addition to the halo series
,Recommended,277430,19868729,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,r2j2612,"First game I have bought for my phone, for windows from Windows store...and now Steam. Plays smooth from my small 5inch phone to my Desktop. Nice over the Top gameplay, nice controls, plus a taste of the Halo universe.If only...Halo MCC came for PC. That would just make my year. Cmon 343, just do it. Just do it for the fans like me!!!!"
,Recommended,277430,26549837,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: Love Halo, been behind the mask of the chief and directed by Cortana since we got out of Cryo Freeze.  Sgt Master Guns is my Shield Brother.General Review: This game is just a frustrating on Harder Difficulties just like the FPS Halo Series. But that is the best part! By its own applied game tags it is a Top Down Shooter featuring all the best that Halo has to offer, sweet weapons, complete voice overs, and great rides.They did their best to pop out something of this nature while we wait for Halo 5. At my time of Purchase it was $4.99 and worth every penny as we explore a mini-arc of the Halo Story.  Its not a perfect game by any means but has the sound track and feel of a Halo game.Hit it Marines."
,Recommended,277430,11123791,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Wildt,"This is one of the rare cases where I got EXACTLY what I was hoping for: A good ole fashioned top-down scrolling shooter with all the extras :)-Loadout customization-Earn xp to purchase perks for an upcoming mission-Turn up the difficulty for each mission which ramps up the xp earnedThe gameplay is pretty much perfect (disliked the tank control scheme), and it looks and sounds great. It's a short game though, but there's some replayability if you wanna get all the achievements and get gold rating on all the missions.I picked it up on sale for two bucks, and it's a steal even for full price (5 dollars). It almost paid for itself by selling the trading cards I got by completing the game X-)90%"
76561198022266051,Recommended,277430,20742090,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,OakenPants,"This turned out to be a nice little top-down shooter.  More detail (better graphics, cinematics, etc) in the game than I was expecting.  It does have issues (to me) with level balancing; some levels were very short and easy and others, well, I must have been going at them the complete wrong way as I had to restart a couple of them several times and had to resort to buying upgrades to complete them.   On 2 levels, I didn't even manage a Bronze Star -- I didn't even know that was possible to finish and not even get a bronze!While I wish you had better control over the starting weapons, it was never that big a deal as you just pick up generally what you want on the battle field.  Controls weren't the best and I still have no idea why there's different types of grenades.But for it's price you get good graphics/animations, nice audio and voice overs, cinematics, and a better campaign than I was expecting.Overall:  It's a fun little shooter, good for just under 5 hours to complete the campaign.  8 out of 10."
,Recommended,277430,14077245,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,951Jimbo,"This game is pretty good; but you have to know what you are buying.What it isn't-Halo like you'd play on an xBox-A first person shooter-A good story-Amazing AAA titleWhat it is-A REALLY good top down shooter-Reasonably good graphics considering its a top down shooter-A lot of fun.Its a bit strange that I like this game because I am not a huge fan of the Halo franchise and I am DEFINITLY not a fan of top down shooters.  However, this game is done so well that it is a lot of fun.  I think I can definitly recommend this game."
76561198017734543,Recommended,277430,10724916,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,«Èl SkÛnKã™»,"A review with only 44 mins play-time!?Lots of fun top down shooterGraphics are good, sound is good and the price is right also, £3.09 after the summer sale :)Get this if you're a Halo fan (or even if you'e not!)"
,Not Recommended,277430,11933294,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mr Elusive,"+ Nice visuals.- Too easy.- Unlocks are only temporary.- Missions are very short (like this review, hah!)Unless you're a die-hard Halo fan, don't bother."
76561197989247793,Recommended,277430,33583308,Posted: 16 July,all,Space Cowboy [CPC],"Edit; All my criticism below have been improved in Halo Spartan StrikeOnly paid £1 in the steam sale for this, so it was worth it.Took me 6 hours to play through this, in first run thorugh, I had no skulls enabled. So this would have added more length to the game. There are also some boosts you can use, and I had to use them on the boss battle, didn't use them on the rest of the game.There are other weapons in the game like spartain laser, sniper rifle an rpg that are selectable before a mission but you never really get a mission where you need them.The missions are very short and there are no save points within the missions (not needed). Some voice narration would have been nice.Tank controls are poor, but you dont use the tank often or any other vehicles.Graphically the game looks really nice.Do I recommend? yes, its a fun little game set in the halo universe"
,Recommended,277430,11953485,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,PlazmaZero,Great top down shooter. This game has a pretty good arsernal+extra abilities. Story is Ok not much replay value but achievements are easy to get.
,Recommended,277430,11733840,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Syrsly,"It is a twin stick shooter with Halo Spartans as the star hero.  Not a bad arcade style Halo spin-off, not really as exciting as other Halo games, this twin stick shooter starring Halo characters is just an appetizer for a full course meal that may never be released to PC.  On its own merits, this is a decent casual game for people who want small doses of the Halo experience and for people who simply want something challenging in the twin stick shooter category.  If you're expecting something akin to the previous Halo Wars game, you may be disappointed, though I found this game very fun and interesting for a short time."
,Recommended,277430,10256472,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Reggie,"This game is absolutley great, it has great graphics and replayability. Shun those who think this isn't a good halo game, because this game is great! It's quite extensive and has great gameplay, and the controls work fine, but in my opinion, it works best with a gamepad. If you liked Dead Ops: Arcade in Call of Duty: Black Ops, this game almost like that, but with certain missions to complete. I would be alot happier if it had features like Co-Op, Firefight, and Multiplayer, but all in all a great game, I recommend this to any top-down game fans.Also, Halo 3 and Halo Wars on steam would be great..."
,Recommended,277430,9755392,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Xeroproject,Highly recommended.  A lot of fun for the low price tag.  Also I'm hoping that Microsoft & 343 use Steam for distribution more now that Games for Windows Live is dead.  I would love to see more of their library come to Steam.
,Recommended,277430,13742699,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,StardropCruiser,"Halo: Spartan Assault is a simple, yet fun top-down shooter that looks great and is really easy to play."
76561198110209015,Recommended,277430,13771821,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Españolo trollo,all words that mean awesome.117/10 :)
,Recommended,277430,9741786,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sophie Neuenmuller,Bungie > 343 Industries
,Recommended,277430,9754915,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,cammmertime ♥,"this game is like 4 quid lads but the resolution is willy wonky as ♥♥♥♥ when u try minimize or have 2 monitors or try and change it, gameplay wise its ok i guess has all the halo flavor u would expect but its ok ok thanks for reading"
,Recommended,277430,18786390,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,notto,"This is a TOP down style shooter that surprisingly for a Tablet/Mobile game is actually quote well made.You play again as the Spartans style troops doing various missions from escort, kill everything, destroy structurs and hold outs.There are some issues with the game namely being that same weapons are pointless from what i can see.A welcome addition to the Halo universe on pc if only we could have Halo 3-5."
,Recommended,277430,13599312,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dkill1,"Great little game, I'm not very good at topdown shooters, but it's still pretty fun.  Doesn't take long to beat, and still gives off the Halo atmosphere.  If you can grab it on sale, totally worth the play through.  Just wish it had coop, but owell.PS.  If you're an xbox achievement hunter, you'll have to buy the Win8 version.  This one only has steam achievements."
,Recommended,277430,9765602,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,antie97,halo 3 pc port plz
,Recommended,277430,12916358,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,theflyingboss,The games was good but i dont get why they took off the classic halo ce ?? PLEASE STEAM BRING IT BACK!!!
,Recommended,277430,9750515,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,robot,"I have no problem admitting that I am a Halo ""fanboy"". I played Halo when it was first released, and every subsequent Halo ever produced. With that being said, I'm no slouch and I won't sugar coat this games' flaws just because I love the franchise. Read on for a legitimate review from a player who was there from the very beginning.This game is short; incredibly short in fact. It was designed around mobile devices that utilize the mobile version of the Windows 8 operating system, specifically tablets. People are going to tell you, ""Incorrect, it was developed to serve as an interim game during the time between Halo 4's release, and Halo 5's release on the Xbox One"". The sad fact is that this statement is just flat out untrue. This game was designed for the sole purpose of Microsoft attempting to secure their portion of the mobile app/game marketplace. They figured that if they released a ""Halo"" game for the mobile device world, the name alone would convert a giant percentage of gamers who would be new to Microsoft products, while at the same time getting existing Microsoft/Halo consumers to purchase and subsequently convert to the Windows 8 operating system. This is evident of the fact that Halo: Spartan Assault was initially released EXCLUSIVELY for Windows 8 and its mobile device distribution.A few months later, once Microsoft realized their fiscal mistake in limiting the game only to Windows 8/Mobile users, they released the game for Xbox One and then the Xbox 360. Notice anything coincidental in the timeline of those releases?And so all this background information converges nicely into the rest of my review:Feel and Control:Cons:- The aim controls for a mouse and keyboard are weird at best. The crosshair feels like it's on this fixed dimensional grid and you can see that when you try to aim at enemies, it just snaps into the general vicinity of where you want to actually aim, and not directly on what you're aiming at. At least not without a couple attempts. If anyone reading this review is familiar with the aiming system in Alien Swarm, I'm certain you will agree that Halo's aim system falls incredibly short in comparison. Halos aim system transitioning feels incredibly forced when using a mouse and keyboard, and although it's not the absolute worst I've had to deal with, it just doesn't feel right.- The crosshair and aiming should have been tied directly in to player movement instead of being what is essentially ""free"". You can have the Spartan looking in one direction and have the crosshair all the way in the opposite direction direction, while being unable to shoot at the target until you move the Spartan with WASD. This system destroys the flow of the game.Pros:- The gameplay in terms of graphical smoothness is perfectly fine. Because of its top down nature, there isn't much strain on the processor or graphics card, and so aside from the aiming system, the gameplay is smooth.- There are only eight or nine(I forget how many exactly) keybinds, three of which can not be modified, which in turn means that the controls are simple and easy to get used to.- The game offers both controller and mouse/keyboard support. Mouse/keyboard feels forced, but the fact that it supports these two input devices and not controllers exclusively, trumps any flaws that the aim system may have... in my opinion anyways.- The loadout system definitely offers some variability and is sure to give you some new ways to complete the missions, subsequently raising the level of the games replayability. Not by enough though.Maps/Graphics/Environments/Storyline:Cons:- One thing I noticed that really confused me was that the maps had elevated surfaces in certain spots. This game in particular lacks in the ability to portray depth of any kind, and because of the fact that the gameplay is TOP-DOWN, I can't for the life of me understand why the developers would create maps with any variation in elevation. In a top down video game, the maps should be completely flat otherwise the inevitable happens; because the game can't portray depth well, you find yourself in a situation where it appears as though you're shooting at an enemy but for whatever reason your bullets just stop short. In reality, because the map in that particular area is not flat like it should be, you're positioned at the bottom of the elevation and the target is positioned at the top. You unwittingly shoot at the floor while the bot shoots you dead. -- This situation in particular has happened to me quite often, and occured mostly in the first two missions.- The game is painfully short, and apparently most of the other reviewers seem to either be in denial, or just hardcore, blind-faith, ""drink the coolaide"" type fanboys. There is virtually no replayability in this game unless you strive to waste a large portion of your life maintaining a spot on the global leaderboards. THERE IS NO CO-OP ON THIS VERSION. Co-op is offered exclusively for the Microsoft gaming consoles, which means you can't even play it with your friends. Thumbs down.- The story isn't anything special.- The game has some issues with multiple monitors. If you have multiple monitors you will see that other than the monitor you're playing the game on, the rest will be blacked out. And it's inconsistent as well; sometimes it does this, and other times the game won't black out your other monitors.Pros:- The graphics are smooth, and the environments/maps are also done pretty well with only a couple exceptions.- The cut scenes are awesome, evident of the typical work from the Halo franchise.So in the end, is it worth $4.99? Yeah, I would say go for it if you're a Halo fan like I am. One reason I bought it is because it's the only Halo game offered on Steam and I've been waiting for a Halo game to be released on Steam for a long time.But here's the main reason I bought it: I'm hoping that if enough people buy the game and show interest in the idea of having Halo games released on and supported by Steam/Valve, then Microsoft will, eventually, go through with the decision to port the older games to the Steam platform.A bit of a pipe-dream you say? Probably. Especially now that Microsoft has formed their own version of an app-store/gaming platform for PC users. I can hope though... I can hope."
,Recommended,277430,13289099,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Inqui117,"While this is obviously not the classic format for a Halo game, it still retains the soul of Halo. You can board enemy vehicles, you have only 2 weapons at a time, and can switch them to other weapons you find in the battlefield.Enemies behave just like in the FPS games: Kill an elite and the grunts that were following him will flee sometimes. Or if you stuck the elite with a plasma grenade, he will charge at you to try to take you with him.Also, most of the weapons, vehicles and enemies sound like you'd expect them to. Except for the drones; for some reason, they sound like the engineers from ODST and Reach. And the soundtrack does have the Halo feel (and some great tracks!)Gameplay-wise, it does represent a challenge but nothing overwhelming. Only by activating skulls you will get that challenge that the vanilla gameplay does not bring.Another important aspect worth mentioning is that the missions are too short. You will spend at most 5 minutes on a mission. But at least they are varied so you don't feel like you're doing the same thing over and over again.Conclusion: The game is enterteaing. Lining up your shots and saving ammo is still a thing. And if you're a Halo fan, you'll apreciate the care the developers put into making it feel like Halo."
,Recommended,277430,12677725,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"A decent addition to the Halo franchise.  I preferred it over Halo Wars, just due to the style of gameplay.  I would have liked the addition of co-op to the PC version, unless it's hidden somewhere in the game.  The levels are fairly short, with some being considerably more interesting or difficult than others.  The challenge system didn't do much for me, and I would have preferred an upgrade system instead (so as not to have to spend experience points).  I would have liked to finish the campaign, but I got to a level that I just couldn't beat, and without options to change the difficulty, I gave up."
,Recommended,277430,13442199,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,#cryothegod,Halo: Spartan Assault This game is amazing first of all. If you did not like Halo Wars do not fret this is Halo from a skyward view! I have only played through the first set of missions and i already feel like i made my moneys worth! Sadly it does not have Master Chief but that really does not matter because in my opinion the story so far has made up for any mistakes there is so over all i do suggest you buy this game ASAP! really hope this helps you decide i didn't know if i wanted to buy it or not but i did and im glad i did having a lot of fun with this game! you can also get awesome emotes to if you craft bages which i recommend caues they are cool but i cant show you cause it wont show up in the review. anyway FRAG OUT!!
,Recommended,277430,21832592,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,White Power Ranger,its goodmgame:)
76561198070129830,Recommended,277430,10603021,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Marie Kurisumasu☆彡™,11/10 SARAH PALMER PALMED HER VAGMUST BUY FOR ANYONE WHO PLAYS HOLAVERY SWIG #MLGYOLOSWAG420
76561198081243997,Recommended,277430,12732950,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LeDerp99,"Very great game, it's pretty much a mix of Halo Wars and Halo 4 and adding it to PC."
76561198102913060,Recommended,277430,12930307,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Xavias,Feels just like the bigger versions of Halo....stayed loyal to the genre.  Good fun.
,Recommended,277430,13171830,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PasterOfMuppets,"Was skeptical at first, but alot of my friends bgan playing, so i tried it and loved it.  Only downside is no multiplayer ,but its still nice nonetheless"
76561198103343766,Recommended,277430,14663026,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,F2,a good game for any halo fans
76561198058315937,Recommended,277430,11024776,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,gamagamer64,"If you like Halo, this game is worth the 5$."
76561198080916517,Recommended,277430,10014721,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,PmY_,"Super fun game, gives a whole new view to the halo universe. But a very short campaign"
,Recommended,277430,10651632,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rukia Kuchiki,"Got it while it was the $2.49 yesterday. Very fun game, although bullets are slightly higher than the reticule shows. I'd love Microsoft to port Halo Combat Evolved, Custom Edition, and 2 to Steam, since PC versions of those games already exist.Also, I'd love a co-op feature for this game, or Steam Workshop."
76561198063586802,Recommended,277430,9921856,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,AustNerevar,"Okay, first things first. This is a top-down, isometrict point and click shooter. It is not the traditional Halo game. If you are expecting this to give you the same experience as Halo 1, 2, 3, Read, or 4, then you will be dissapointed.BUT WAIT. KEEP READING:Don't go into this expecting a full Halo experience. Just buy and play the game, as if you've never heard of the Halo series before.It's a fairly decent game for what it does. The levels are fairly straightforward, you follow blips on your radar to mission goals. There are the familiar Halo enemies like the Elites, Grunts, and Jackals. The same Halo weapons are here, except some of the smaller guns like the pistol and plasma pistol are gimped by their slow rate of fire and lack of scope mechanism.Shooting is a little difficult in this game. I found it near impossible to aim with an Xbox controller. It's a lot better with a mouse and keyboard, though still not perfect. And controlling the Scorpion tank is nigh impossible with the mouse AND controller.Oh, yeah. There are vehicles. They work the same way they do in the main games, just from a different perspective.Some have complained that the missions are boring or repetitive, but I've found them to be pretty fun. The game allows you to set skulls (anyone who has played the Xbox games will know what this is) to increase difficulty and multiply your score.It does have the Halo atmosphere, even though it isn't the same as a classic Halo experience.The only thing the game lacks is multiplayer. It would be fun to do some of the missions co-op, though, admittedly, the missions are way to short for that. Some classic CTF or deathmatch modes would be a lot of fun, though. Imagine if there was a top-down version of the classic Blood Gulch map? Support this game and maybe it will happen in an update or DLC.This brings me to my mine point. If you want to see some real Halo games on Steam, then support this game. This is an excellent opportunity. Rave about this game, for what it does. It's an excellent deal for only six dollars. I'm hoping if this is successful on Steam, we might see Halo Wars or even the Halo 1 remake. Support this game, email Microsoft or 343 Studios.If you're a big fan of the Halo universe and backstory (have read the novels, etc) then you will probably enjow this game. If you only like first-person Halo games, then this will disappoint you. Please don't buy the game, then ♥♥♥♥♥ because it's not the game you actually wanted. If you want more Halo, then please be supportive of this."
,Recommended,277430,17950973,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Vesicularbus683,"This is basically an arcade twin-stick shooter. Don't expect too much of a story, you are playing a simulation of what already has happened. Instead of long engaging story missions you get little snippets of games. For example one mission is moving around in an open plane destroying enemy tanks. Another mission may be holding out at a base keeping enemies from pushing up. If you like this kind of game play, go for it. But otherwise if you like the original halo gameplay more, get another game."
,Recommended,277430,24229699,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,corndog,"I enjoyed it, and I recommend it to any other big fans of the Halo series, especially for the price"
,Recommended,277430,23273168,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Res1s7,"Looks simple enough. Was originally a mobile game that means that there's some very small issues like having to exit the game to the main menu to set volume levels, but apart from this this is a solid affair. The art direction and graphic design is spot on if you ask me, that's what originally attracted me, the game's ""look"". Environments are often breathtakingly ""open"" feeling even with the fixed top down view. Game play is good as well, just little things like for example on the tank level you can switch to another tank from a damaged one. Soldiers hop onto the tank as well and provide fire support and spot enemies. You can exit the tank to clear infantry only areas. Just really nice attention to detail that I really appreciate in this game. Cheers !"
,Recommended,277430,33236004,Posted: 4 July,all,Darmok,"CONS:-It makes me want the isometric Halo RPG that I never knew I wanted, and will never get.-It's just a series of missions.PROS:-It's a fun top-down view into the Halo universe.-It's cheap."
76561198063676080,Recommended,277430,9728189,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Bloxi,"This is surprisingly a good game! It's fun, I like the graphics and art style. Only issues are the default key binds are a little funny but you can rebind them in literally 10 seconds. Another issue is if you alt tab out it stays in windowed form, this can be fixed by changing resolutions and back. It's kind of annoying, but really my only complaint. 8/10"
,Recommended,277430,9739638,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Terragis,This is no ordinary Halo game it is a top to down shooter as in it resembles something like Runescape or Diablo camera view. This was a great mobile game no joke and this version needs co-op and Flood mode. I'm happy to see any Halo game come out for Pc. Now PLEASE Microsoft port Halo 3 with mod support we need a v2 of Halo Custom Edition!
76561197998934643,Recommended,277430,9755173,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,"What a great game.  Wow, the church of microsoft remembered that us pc gamers are alive and like to play halo games.  It is really funny that this version of Halo:SA is much better looking and very playable.  Proves that pc gaming is always better."
76561198047617603,Recommended,277430,9757044,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Areyourosh,"The game is a good top down shoot em up romp. A nice take on the halo universe. For the price tag of 5$ (CAD) i would say it is definitely worth a buy.Only one feature is glaringly missing from this title. CO-OP.This game sorely needs some form of co-op. Without being able to play with my friends i think this gaem will get old in just a few hours.Honestly, i cannot believe they developed a game of this nature without considering co-op, very stupid/shortsighted decision by Microsoft in my opinion. Of my friends 4 of them have already decided not to consider this game because of the lack of cooperative play.I really hope that Microsoft has plans to make co-op available for this, even as a paid DLC it would be worth it.BOTTOM LINE: This game is fun for a few hours by yourself, blasting the covenant from a whole new perspective, but the fact that this game lacks co-op really REALLY limits its potential.Right now without co-op mode i would give a 6/10, if they had some sort of co-op(local or online, at this point ANYTHING would be nice) i would give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,277430,9759623,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Mike McPhil,This game is a true Halo game despite being top down and a mobile port. It is damn fun and a steal for $5 if you're a fun of the series and action games. Smaller missions make it easy to pick up and play for a minutes or dig in for a bit and climb the leaderboards.
76561198053404403,Recommended,277430,11854004,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The Meta,"This game should've came to steam first instead of the desolate windows phone lands.It is a love it or hate it game. the missions are short, its a top down shooter, graphics are ok at best.It doesnt play like any other halo game, but its a good change and works well for a quick game when you're a bit bored.I really want to see the entire halo line up on steam.7/10 play it to really get a feel for it."
76561198073647968,Recommended,277430,9869975,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Grim.Destroyer,"Brilliant time killer, brilliant action, brilliant halo. but not my fav, halo 3 would be very very nice to see on steam, make it happen microsoft. ;)"
,Recommended,277430,27041438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RARE_HUNTER,a great game would love to see other games .. wink wink first person games! the soundtrack is relaxing sum of the Ai are brutal love the weapon sound effects makes me think of good ol halo 2
76561198089153547,Recommended,277430,12677799,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,BUTTMONKEY S-117,great game its  a halo on steam i hope there  will be more  i would any halo to come to steam i am looking  at you 343i
76561198089649258,Recommended,277430,9727545,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Objetive,"It's not a bad game, as it started as a phone game. Definitely worth your while, but in the end you just want to play a real Halo game."
,Recommended,277430,12932052,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Loutishh,"It's good to see a Halo game on Steam. It's nothing like the Xbox version of Halo. I like how they actually took time for this port to be on computer, because most ports usually suck, this one on the other hand is pretty damn good. Can't wait for the next one, which is coming December 2014!Now, I'm a huge Halo fan, I've played and beat the original Halo's on the Xbox and PC a couple hundred of times, no lie."
,Recommended,277430,24554755,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nintomdo 64,actual decent twin stick shooter(Spartan Strike is better tho)
,Recommended,277430,9726843,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,i fucking am a fucking weed slut,"Already loving this game. I find it to be a nice addition to the Halo franchise. Although, some of this could be the childlike wonder I'm experiencing from seeing a current-gen Halo game on the PC. Runs very well so far, no lag whatsoever. I like that it has controller support which surprisingly so many games forego. Haven't gotten too far but I'm looking forward to see what Spartan Assault's story has to offer the eager Halo fangirl in me!"
,Recommended,277430,9745386,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Vanilla Sky,"Halo is coming on PC!And this first game is pretty great, even though it doesn't really the ""classic"" Halo (FPS).I recommend!"
,Recommended,277430,9736513,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Caboose,"As an avid Halo fan whose played all the games (Yes, even Wars.) and knows alot of the lore, Spartan Assault coming out on Steam was pretty exciting for me. Unlike the other Halo games, Spartan Assault is a top-down shooter rather than first-person, which may turn off some people from the game. While it may not be the best of the Halos, it still has good things about it. The game has a pretty good story, and also brings alot of vehicles and weapons, such as the Grizzly, Hawk, Focus Rifle and dual SMGS, from previous Halos, rather than only having things from Halo 4, which I like. The gameplay is good for what it is. As for the graphics, the game, being developed mainly for phones then ported to PC and Xbox, doesn't have the best graphics, but that doesn't bother me. One thing I like is that they removed the microtransactions which were present on the phone version for the Steam release. Overall, Halo Spartan Assault is really nice and it being 4.99, it's really worth the price. I hope to see more Halo games, like Halo 2 or 3 coming to Steam soon.8/10."
,Recommended,277430,9731419,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Guardian,"For only 5 bucks for another dip into the Halo Universe while we wait for Halo 5 isn't that bad of a deal.It was originally made for the mobile platform before being ported to the X1 and 360 Arcade- and now is on Steam.Let me tell you one thing- it's not a game for everyone and is catered to casual players or fans of the lore. It's your top down twin-stick shooter game with nice responsive controls whither you play on Keyboard and Mouse or your 360 Wired Controller.It also has options for touch screen for those with the capabilities but I'll leave that out of the review since I don't have one.Graphics- not much. It was made for mobile phones so don't expect to be blown away from them- but with capabilites of 720P and higher resolution with up to 8xAA it won't look that bad.You can cap your FPS at your full refresh rate or half of it if you want (standard 60Hz, 30Hz) or none at all. It was kind of funny to see 500FPS average with my GTX760. My card actually downclocked itself since it was pretty much running idle. The cutscenes are beautifully animated and well drawn while being short.Gameplay- Fast pace with a strange Halo echo to it despite being a major departure of the standard FPS shooter. You aim with either your mouse or right thumbstick (aim assist on the controller is prevelent) move with the left stick or ASDW keys and fire with the mouse or trigger buttons. The basic premises of the story is that you are re-enacting events in the past via simulations where you play as various Spartans in the sudden new Covenant War. Animations and sound feel and look like Halo, watching Grunts cower in fear like previous games is just as satisfying as it was back in Combat Evolve. The game is divided into Operations A-F and then x-5 with 30 playable missions in all- however, missions are brief and last no longer than 3-5 minutes.One problem I've seen is that the 'upgrades' (overshield, sentery turret, and seeker drone) and 'weapons' (the spartan laser, sniper rifle, and rocket launcher) are single use and would have to be bought again with EXP you earn in the game. Haven't never played the mobile or arcade version of the game, this kind of screams micro transaction left over which may seem kind of lazy.The Iconic Skulls make a return to the game to increase your game score multiplyer, such as Hollow where the Spartan has no health and only shields, or the classic Famine where ammo drops are less than usual. However, the famous IWHBD Skull is absent from the game as enemies make no understandable noises other than screeches and bellows.Games are replayable, where you can compete in online leaderboards for the highest score. Medals also make a return where kill streaks and sprees can earn you medals- these sprees will end if you take damage. They have a nice variety of 32 possible medals to earn, though not all of them you can earn in a single level.Assault Ops are the are challenges players can choose to pursue. There are weekly and mission specific missions you can undertake- such as Kill 250 Covies in Operation C for Weekly and Kill 50 Grunts in A-1. Completing these earn you EXP that you can buy said weapons and upgrades.All in all, the game is a nice time passer for only 5 bucks with enough replayability to warrent multiple playthroughs. While not deep gameplay wise it's still a pleasent experinece for those itching for more Halo action.Guardian Verdict: 65/100 - Plausable Purchase."
76561198082242069,Recommended,277430,9732548,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,thirdbladez,The game is pretty good and have a nice world with actions and many effects.nice and relaxing gameplay.But i think the missions are kinda small.i would prefer to be longer.4.5/5
,Recommended,277430,9735224,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nutty Puma,Pretty cool for $5. Don't buy it though and expect a full-fledged Halo game.
,Recommended,277430,9740034,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lolerinc,super funa real time killer
,Recommended,277430,9727745,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dinklebumm,"Definitely worth the 5 bucks if you like halo and want to spend a few hours molesting covenant. Not one of the deepest games but it's fun nontheless. Soundtracks quite nice aswell, makes it feel like an adventure rather than a brainless shooter which it basicly is. Graphics are decent for a 5 dollar game."
,Recommended,277430,10427237,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Zetren,"Halo: Spartan Assault is a very entertaining top-down isometric shooter straight from the horse's mouth, the likes of which has not been seen since that devil's incarnation, Halo 2 Vista, released in 2007. Thankfully, Halo: Spartan Assault is not nearly as borked, and all-in-all is a well designed game with lovely visuals and pretty graphics.But alas, beggars cannot be choosers, and Halo PC players must do with feeding from the crumbs of Microsoft's/343's very large xbox-flavoured plate. Co-op annoyingly is non-existent, unlike the Xbox versions; and there are many annoying quirks such as lack of video options, jerky WASD movement, and lack of command line parameters. I hope for a future patch to include co-op.I do hope this will be the first of a bulk of Halo related Steam titles. Microsoft/343 would do well to port at least Halo 3 to the PC, to satisfy our 7 year lust and to let us, your loyal fans to ''finish the fight''. Gamers of Steam by and large have welcomed the release of Halo: Spartan Assault, and I for one would definitely consider buying future Steam released Halo titles."
,Recommended,277430,13408171,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Nuuskiss,"Halo and masterchief are well known among gamers and this spin off title shows that when brand is bulletproof its easy to create something very traditional which still has the winning edge against competetors. Halo: Spartan Assault is very generic shoot-them-up which puts player to the boots of spartans - an elite soldiers with energy shield. The game has 30 missions total and most of them are about defending some position or rushing through the map killing all the enemies which stand on your way. However there is also some cool vechile driving missions where player supremely crushes enemies with terran- or covenant tank with all familiar weapons included!I don't know what Halo -enthusiasts think, but I found the story nothing signigicant - terrains and covenant compete ground control and hunt some powerful relic laying somewhere.All in all Halo: Spartan Assault is good fun in small steps and that's also primary reason I wonder why there isn't any co-op availabilities which would have done Spartan Assault nice party game - well maybe in the sequel if it should have one."
,Recommended,277430,9730685,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Khaine,"It's been a long, long time since I've played a Halo game on PC, but a new challenger approaches - and this one doesn't disappoint.For being a mere $5, this is one hell of a deal. Halo returns with the same guns, vehicles, and good old covenant that we all remember from many years ago, the only difference this time... is that it isn't in first person.Taking into consideration that this was a game developed for mobile devices, it made a smooth transition over to the PC. The controls respond very well, and the graphics aren't even half bad.A classic arcade-style shooter appears once again, but this time it's Halo. To gain more points, you have to chain kills, use a variety of different weapons, and like in the old Halo games, activate skulls.For a very low priced game, this isn't one you'll be wanting to miss.343 Industries has done it again. Welcome back to Halo."
,Recommended,277430,16834227,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"HALO ON STEAM?! Not quite. Great, fast paced twin stick shooter with decent graphics and 5 hrs of content. Nice difficulty and trading cards are a plus."
76561197996098971,Recommended,277430,9729111,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MunkeyThrust,"Pretty fun top-down arcade shooter. Worth the $5.00 price tag, and I'm a tightwad."
,Recommended,277430,9727522,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,FrostFireSpirit,"On looking at this game about a week ago my first impression was that it would be a rubbish port over from the windows phone. I had a look in the windows store and the reviews seemed mixed, most people complaining about microtransactions and such.However i thought i would give it a try nonetheless, and to my surprise it is actually quite nice... No, it isn't your typical first person, shoot everything type of Halo, or even a top down RTS like Halo Wars, but what we do have, is a nice little top down, arcade style shooter in which you play through a series of missions, set in a simulation taking place before the events of Halo 4.I have played about 5 hours so far, and it has been fun, there are no microtransactions that i can see, however when you begin a mission, you choose your loadout, you can either use the default one, or a custom one which you use xp to choose, so i can see how they might implement it if they wish.There are special missions, just like in other halo games, that you get xp for completing, and weekly challenges.One thing i wouldlike to see in the future is the addition of coop, if the phone version can have it then i am sure this can too, and it would make it alot more fun. There is alot of negativity about this game, people saying it's a waste of time, and just Microsoft trying to make money. But who cares if it is? it's cheap, it's Halo, and it's on Steam. So give it a try :)"
,Recommended,277430,21055620,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ReconSixth,Classic as always: war.
76561198098410472,Recommended,277430,31082490,Posted: 11 April,all,Party P3opl3 9,"It's halo, what more can I say :P"
76561198006217347,Recommended,277430,22892467,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"This is a very decent top down shooter. The controls are mostly quite good (except tanks which control extremely poorly), it has a good story and decent graphics. There are some drawbacks, a lot of the challenges are utterly ridiculous and will require you to complete the same mission up to 5 times attacking specific enemies in a very specific way. Needless to say that if you are a completionist, DO NOT GET THIS GAME, you will be frustrated and bored. It is worth for a single playthrough though. Also, if you are constrained by budget, get Spartan Strike, it is very similar but better in pretty much every way. If you are not constrained by budget, get both and play this one first to save best for last."
,Not Recommended,277430,9760753,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Cypher,"I thought it was going to be an rts like halo wars, was mistaken its like a moba game or those dungeon crawler rpgs such as diablo and torchlight except it is not about leveling up, choosing and leveling skills and gathering loot it is only about shooting and killing covenant vehicles and infantry as a spartan. The best quality it has is the music and sound effects plucked straight from other halo games.Makes me want to play a real halo game. It is a shame a real halo shooter isnt available on steam or even the halo wars rts. They should release the halo combat evolved remake, Halo 3, and Halo 3 for steam for a start. Then again they would all just require using the horrid games for windows live registration."
,Recommended,277430,9729163,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Backlogger,"So far the best part about the game is that its Halo. If it wasn't Halo, this type of game probably wouldn't draw as much interest from me to be honest. Its pretty basic. It looks like there are 4-5 operations with 5 or so levels each. Each level so far has been pretty short, it maybe only takes 5 minutes to complete. Similar to mobile games, each level has a possible 3 stars (bronze, silver and gold) based on how many points you earn during the level. At the start of a level you are able to select a load out of two weapons and some type of armor upgrade. The default load out is ""free"" and to change the default load out you must spend XP gained during previous levels. You can also select from 6 handicaps (up to 2) that will multiply your XP gained during that level. It looks like in order to get a gold star at the end of the level you probably need to use a handicap. Examples are: one handicap makes your armor deplete as you are firing a weapon, another gives weapons you pick up less default ammo. You get points or XP from killing enemies and from kill bonuses like double and triple kills, etc.Its what you would expect from a Halo game in terms of the types of aliens you are fighting and the weapons that are available. Like other Halo games you usually run out of ammo from your default load out and have to pick up enemy weapons along the way. You also get grenades, which are fun, and some levels have cannons that you can get inside and blow up aliens.Each level has some type of objective you have to complete, like destroying 3 objects or escorting vehicles.The game has steam cloud support, achievements and cards, which make it very Steam friendly. Even if you don't like the game you can get cards to sell or a badge to craft or if you are lucky a booster pack. The game also has full controller support, which I haven't tried yet. I wish the game had some type of local/online co-op.The game is fun, but not mind blowing. Definitely a casual unless you go for 3 stars on every level, but even then so far the levels have all been so short its probably not a huge pain to grind out the 3 stars. All in all I am glad I bought it, but unless you are a Halo fanatic there probably isn't a huge rush to go out and buy it. Its currently on sale on the Windows 8 Storefront and xBox Live store, so I would expect this to be on sale at some point."
76561198050360176,Not Recommended,277430,12157141,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Verakum,"This game would be awesome if it was some sort of multiplayer hack and slash and the maps and objectives where more dynamics, the missions were too little, I give this game a 6.5/10"
,Recommended,277430,9726523,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,76561193705059552,"This is going to be a stupid review for this game as I have only played long enough to write a review. but I don't care. I look at this as five dollars I'm willing to spend to help microsoft realize how happy it makes pc gamers to see the words halo in their steam library. Please give us more. I really don't care if this game is good or not. I just hope this gets the ball rolling. and just a note this is not a great desktop game. I look forward to playing it on my dell 8 venue pro. Seems fun enough to pass the time. But what is really cool, steam acheivments for a halo game. Death to GFWL huzzah!"
,Recommended,277430,9757455,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,CubeOfMeat,"Okay let me start by saying this: Halo: Spartan Assault is NOT a typical Halo game!It is a top down shooter that is Halo themed, and if you are a fan of the top down shooter, like myself, you will enjoy this game. Don't expect something amazing because this was initially a mobile game. It is a fun, and it is really fun, game that if you like Halo and you want something fresh from the series this is it. It can get a bit repetative, but for the $5.00 I spent on it, I can conclude that it was a very good decision.8.5/10"
76561198124213906,Recommended,277430,10012761,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,madbuff1221,Having fun like Xbox
,Recommended,277430,20280275,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,M-TRIX1800,this game was good could have a bug fix i also found alot of hacks and harddly played it as i completed it just using hacks but i would be good for people looking for a fun time
,Recommended,277430,9876426,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Nagaviper,"You will have a great time, unless you don't have a great time."
,Recommended,277430,19032029,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"I picked-this-up because of it's promise of a touchscreen experience - but if I'm honest, the touch controls are DIRE.That you CAN control it via a touchscreen I've no doubt, but there is FAR too much going on to make those controls the ideal choice - they work, that's about it.Swapping to a controller reveals a more interesting game - it certainly has the Halo feel of needing to choose the best weapons/conserve ammo etc. - it's maybe a BIT slow to get going but it's fine in most other respects.So recommended IF you've not relying on the touchscreen thing because - frankly - that just isn't fun at all."
,Not Recommended,277430,13934676,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ScarletInk 🌼☀,"It looks like halo, but it isn't."
76561198068437955,Recommended,277430,28229970,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sassy Dolphin,use mouse and keyboard then its enjoyable
,Recommended,277430,30045480,Posted: 19 February,all,nwdnorthernwolf,add halo first person shooter games they are  more fun. this is a pretty good game but after a while its boring you dont get to enjoy any live action fps gameplay to me that kinda sucks. steam should add halo wars . i would most likely buy it. but i kinda thought this would be simler to halo wars but plz plz plz add more halo games plz i would buy them all thank you.
,Recommended,277430,13234540,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,GraphicX,"5/10, good 3 hours for a play through.  very easy game but good if you pick up cheap."
,Recommended,277430,12942821,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,bakuhatsuha,"Pros:Its a good game, nice controls and history, personally i am a fan from Halo series but don't like to use consoles.Considering that is a simple game not a AAA production, its very fun.Cons:Bad port, if you play from HDMI or DVI the game locks to 50Hz and reduce the color scheme to Chroma 4:2:2 when played in Fullscreen"
,Recommended,277430,17481974,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,This game assaulted its way into my heart.
76561198126704434,Recommended,277430,12725005,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Hedge,"Awesome. Worst thing in it is: some of the levels are quite hard and to make them easier you can buy better weapons and abilities. But, one: they are realy over priced micro transactions and two: you only get them for that level. A bit of a waste. Overall, a great game, totally worth the money. Can't wait till Spartan strike comes out on steam!"
,Recommended,277430,12755930,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Necessary Gassing,Haven't spent long on this game but so far I really really like it I will write a new one when I complete it but so far I reccomend it to Halo fans and top down shooters fans
,Recommended,277430,12686301,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,the_korrupt_one,Not fantastic but fun
,Recommended,277430,12736218,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,HalfKelp,"This game is awesome. There are some bad things about this game but it's still fun to play. Also, it's better with a controller."
,Recommended,277430,9728913,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Mrfatpepper,Not bad for a up-top game the story is okay and the gamplay never gets boring.8/10
76561198045772559,Recommended,277430,28937717,Posted: 2 January,all,NO COMMENTS™,Good action without content and multiplayer. But it has low price and colorful environment. So i will give 7.5/10.
,Not Recommended,277430,9861202,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Feminism (Pootis),"Not Gusta. Ure basicly buying a comic, worth maybe for cinematics and nostalgia. around 25 mission, each one lastin no longer than 5 minutes. Driving is very limited, cant enjoy the tanks. Weapons are very sad, u cant switch your primary loadout.Im not a fan of racking points game style, less when theres no multiplayer.Not Gusta. Maybe 2 usd? yes."
,Recommended,277430,10281744,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Iron Dagger,"9/10familiar action and control scheme of Halo FPS series (minus jump) including carry two weapons, grenades plus a variety of rechargeable shield powerups; and features a top-down camera perspective"
,Recommended,277430,9766869,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Shak,"Much Spartan, Very Halo."
,Recommended,277430,16251117,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,projectvxn,"You know for a 4 dollar game I really wasn't expecting much. It is a really simple game, but it is addicting and very fun to play."
,Recommended,277430,9727480,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Abuu,"If you are a Halo fan you better get this game and plug your 360 controller to yhe computer.Amazing fun, casual slaughter and some backstory in the sceenery to keep you company.One of the best casual games I've ever played on the PC!"
,Recommended,277430,9730010,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Chiiiickeeenn,"Halo Spartan Assault. If you play Halo games, and enjoy them this is a must have, especially with the $5 price tag, you can't go wrong there. The gameplay is fun, and the story is great. I have this game on pretty much everything it's out on, and I can recommend it.Chiiiickeeenn"
,Recommended,277430,9784324,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Corrin on the Cob,When we gonna see Halo 3 up here on Steam?
76561198020870977,Recommended,277430,14299138,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chomuske,"I was quite interested in HALO:Spartan Assault but was somewhat disapointed.Now the game and story is quite good but the core of the HALO games was Coop, or at least thats my opinion.Now the base gameplay is fun and entertaining, specialy with the perk system that ups your score and makes the game more chalanging.Soo if you wanna play a fun game get it... but if you where hoping for a coop gameplay, prepare to be disapointed.SO ALL IN ALL MY SCORE IS 7.4/10WITH and addition of coop you can go to 8.5 or 9"
,Recommended,277430,13807238,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DirtyFishy,"When I bought this game I thought it was an RTS (that's my fault for skimming the store page and not reading it) I was also unaware that this was originally a tablet game. It's actually a decent port (more or less) they still keep some of the obvious touchscreen hud on screen which gets in your way when you try to fire at enemies and end up pausing the game instead (it happens a lot) regardless of the choice you make as your control setup.The option settings in this game are sub-par. Very few settings. Resolution anti-aliasing, control scheme and volume.The game is split up into 30 missions, most of the missions can be done in a few minutes but there are challenges and weapons/perks to buy and use. There is a ranking system that allows you to get either a bronze, silver or gold star. These don't really do anything unless you are getting achievements. At the end of each stage you'll get a cutscene and these do actually look pretty nice.If you go into this not expecting anything you'll probably be positively surprised.Having said that, I'm kind of indifferent about the Series as a whole, I played some good and some bad. So if you're a hardcore fan you probably won't like this, also this is a prequel to Halo 4 which is odd considering it's an Xbone exclusive.They actually kept most of the SFX from the series as well, keeping it authentic, except for the Banshee which sounds like a F1 car, for some reason. Most of the weapons work the way they do in Halo, however from what I recall from playing Halo and Halo 2 the plasma pistol was more or less the worst gun, in this game it appears to be one of the best, providing you charge it up.There's about 11 weapons (from what i can remember) and 4 driveable vehicles. For some reason all of the vehicles are insta-kills™ even if they come towards you at 1MPH.The AI is also pretty bad, for example if you throw a grenade at them, they'll leave the explosive radius only to run back into it. Enemies piloting vehicles won't stop for their own team, so they'll just be flattened instantly. Your teammates don't fair any better, they seem to be stuck to you via an invisible leash, as opposed to splitting up from you and helping when there are multiple objectives. There is also no way to command your teammates to do certain actions, considering the fact that you're considered an elite soldier, nobody seems to care what you think. The AI also enjoys repeating the same 3 lines. Usually 'Good Work, Dawg'Overall the game is above average and is actually pretty enjoyable (which is a nice change). Hopefully with the release of this on Steam we will see older Halo games on Steam or preferably The Master Chief Collection."
76561198353115864,Recommended,277430,28872125,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mikepappap12,nice
,Recommended,277430,11498446,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,kool-aid jammers,"The only things that I don't like about this game is no multiplayer. But otherwise, the game is really fun, and it's only $5, which is better than on the Xbox, where it costs $10. But please, 343, add multiplayer!"
,Recommended,277430,9902645,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,ShyGuy,Great game but we need Halo 3!!!
,Recommended,277430,16295719,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,AlphaKat~ ♥,its fun.... if you know what you`re getting yourself into. it`s a twinstick styled shooter ported from the mobile windows/windows 8 store. that being out of the way halo spartan strike and assault are very good for what they actually are. sure microsoft would have made tons more money if they ported an actual halo game but this works good as a substitute for halo fans. 101/10
76561198022470936,Recommended,277430,15164238,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Stevinz,"Fun game when you don't have that much time on your hands. Reminded me of Halo:Wars. Being a fan of the halo series, I liked this game instantly. Like playing any other halo game on legendary, you die rather fast when you have a few skulls equipped.Pro's:+ Fun and challenging (halo) game.+ Skulls can make it even more challenging (overpowered enemies)+ It's halo, comeon.Con's- Very short intro movies (intro movies in other halo games are way longer)- It's just not like the other halo games.- Game window sometimes minimalizes out of nowhere.Conclusion: Well worth the 5 euro's I've paid for it."
,Recommended,277430,16918010,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Phoenix,"This game is perfect for people who don't yet have an Xbox(me) but it's not a traditional Halo game. Everything is drastically different. But, I would still reccomend it because at its price and th quality of the game, it's an amzing deal."
76561198098042809,Recommended,277430,17705521,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Romanchik777,"Im not fan of HALO series, to be honest i dont like HALO at all and its really strange that spartan assault was really fun to play for me.pros1 funny enemies2 nice graphics for topdown shooter3 fun and action4 good sound5 now it has support for windows that lower than 8, cheap price and cardscons1 too short2 if u not halo fan you dont get into the  story that much3 too easy4 where is coop?"
,Recommended,277430,16355522,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MigelSanchez,Fun twin stick shooter with all the lure of the Halo universe.Got both in the sumnmer sale for £2 and can say its worth it.
76561198001234825,Recommended,277430,20620866,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jyrka,"This is my experience with this game:boom Boom ""gets new weapon"" BOom BOOm BOOM, ""hops in to the vehicle"" BOOOOOM BOOOOOOOMWe have Defated the covenant and got Davis back.Rating: 5/7 Now Assault is over a Strike can begin"
,Recommended,277430,17924612,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,夏,"pls microsoft gib me deh helo FPS, boss.dis game is all g and top notch but is not deh FPS from deh consawls"
76561198009651184,Not Recommended,277430,13798892,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,modifiedgenes,"I don't understand, this could have been 100 times the game it is. Not worth buying even when on sale unless you are some kind of Halo master fanboy. It clearly feels like it has been created by a team who do not understand modern PCs. If you are looking for a top down view version of Halo 3 or something you won't find it here. This is more like Halos take on Streets of Rage or something only that game offered more variety. I feels like a demo to be honest. You can't actually jump and the maps are just so linear and dull you won't notice any difference between them. They could have had huge pitched battles, multiplayer, Co-op. I don't know who the developers were but it is like they got hold of the office swear jar and used it as the budget for this game and made it in their spare time rather than looking at facebook on lazy Fridays. This game isn't even on par with Steam's 'Alien Swarm', which is free and a good solid top down game. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news but there we are. An amausing trifle. Which I regret spending £2.49 on."
,Recommended,277430,9764391,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Robert,"Cool game, but....Ever since the release of Halo 3 in 2007, the wonder of its beauty has never left my conscious. From the excellent campaign, the brilliant multiplayer and the revolutionary Forge, the fun never seemed to end. Thousands upon thousands of hours have been lost due to Custom Games alone, a true testament to a fantastic game. Friends would gather for hours on end to discover never-before-seen maps and game types and have an absolute fantastic time while doing so, inspiring some to make their own. Even at the age of 4 years old, Halo 3 still retained a large fan base of hundreds of thousands, something not many video games today can say. Friends and I alike adored the game and worshipped it for its seemingly never-ending fun.But now, trouble has disrupted the balance. Thousands of players seek new homes in other video games, they seemingly prefer these new homes as they offer things no other video game does. They seem blind to the fact that Halo 3 is the holy grail of entertainment, and they ignore our pleas. But with your help, 343i, we can restore balance. Most past Halo 3 players reside in the lands of the Personal Computer now and regularly play their video games on Valve Software’s Steam. Halo 3 can find a new home here, a home with VAC protection, The Workshop and Steam Groups. I am not alone in this plight, for thousands of other Steam users beg of Halo 3 to spread its powerful wings on the Personal Computer. Please, 343i, let these fond memories become present excitements and release Halo 3 on Steam as soon as humanly possible.Sincerely,Mobert Ritchell"
,Recommended,277430,9734965,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Aidoneus,"Honestly I thought this game was going to be like Halo Wars but it wasnt this game lets you do everything you could in halo like use turrets, vehichals, armour upgrades, pickin up weapons, assassinate... really in my perspective from playing all the halos this is like a normal halo game just not in first person. I recommend this game to any person espectially halo fans"
,Recommended,277430,9750309,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,[W+M1] DirtyHarry07,"Is this a sign for Halo coming to Steam?What a fantastic game this is, worth the £4!you control as a Spartan and do these mini missions, trying to get the highest score as possible, so racking those multi kills will help!"
,Recommended,277430,9727861,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Alaple,"You wanted a Halo? Here It is, you don't like it? ♥♥♥♥ YOU! This may be not the best Halo ever, less the best game I have ever played. But it's a good game. If you are a fan of Halo, you would like It. The cutscenes are well done. And the controls are good for this type of game .The sound design is very good, much of them are taken from the console games with high quality. It is sort of repetitive, more if you count the duration of each mission, about 3-6 min. It has 3 to 4 hours so it is not too long but is has some replay value. But if you don't like getting high scores you will play once and thats all. The graphics are very good.For a fan of Halo that never had the money for an XBOX 360 and never continued the saga since Halo 2 , Its a Blessing of God. Halo: Spartan Assault is a 5/10. It's not good, but's not bad. And for 4,99 dolars is a grate expreience for fans of Halo. Others can pass this with no regrets."
76561198027918500,Recommended,277430,9728506,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,TheBrandingIron,"I bought this game back in July of 2013 for my Windows 8 laptop. It was playable for a bit, but updating my video drivers rendered it unplayable. I decided to skip the Xbox version and purchase this version on Steam (glorious is pc gaming, glorious is our master race). It's a good game for $5. Decent story, Decent visuals. Simple, yet fun, gameplay. The soundtrack is fantastic!!! It is different, but keeps that Halo feel (it reminds me of the Halo Wars soundtrack). Overall, it's a good game.Part of the reason why I purchased it was to also show my support of Halo on Steam in general. Hopefully, other Halo titles can see Steam support and maybe get ports of Halo 3, Halo 3: ODST, and Halo: Reach. It's a long shot, but this game is a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,277430,9735886,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,MissionsCall,"Fantastic game. Worth the 5 bucks I paid for it. It seems like it should have Co-op in the game, but none the less its still very fun."
,Not Recommended,277430,9753131,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ANJ_,I'm only giving this game a bad review because it ss not ready for release so **** those ***holes. Major bugs/issues. Work that **** out before you start charging for the game.
,Recommended,277430,9758470,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,CHRISB0B,great game great priceHalo 3 pls
,Recommended,277430,9759180,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Elvis Presley,HALO 3 NOW
76561198038686511,Recommended,277430,9796952,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Johno0108,"Wasnt too sure about this one at first, played first mission and got bored pretty quick but thought id give it another crack and got pretty much hooked on it after playing through a couple more missions. Worth the rather cheap price tag but not what halo fans would probably recommend 7/10."
76561198073916938,Recommended,277430,9804523,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,AnExcessiveAmountOfMobileDevices,"This game is a perfect showcase of what a mobile port should be. The graphics have been amped up, the music score is incredible, the gameplay feels true and halo-like and all the dirty discusting micro transactions have been thrown out. Buyers should know that there are no micro transactions and thier is full controller support. Also the fact that this is single player only (with daily challenges to keep longjevity).Great game, sadly there is no multiplayer, buy it to show microsoft that we want Halo 3 on PC!"
,Recommended,277430,10193881,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Boy™,"Honestly a good game. decent amount of gameplay and Spec ops (mission specific achievments). I do wish there was a multiplayer though, it would be great with a endless wave based level (like firefight or whatever it's called).all in all worth 5$"
,Recommended,277430,10779109,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kurtor,"at first you're all like ""eh its dumb"" then you buy it and you're all like ""holy sweet balls this is good time party time"""
76561198021044762,Recommended,277430,10981111,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,leecowley2,you really need to play this game if you are a Halo fan
,Recommended,277430,9745570,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Captain Vietnam,"Fun game for $5.00, but If you are reading this micro$oft please give us halo 3 it's all we want"
,Recommended,277430,9790885,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Seven Fates,"Although at the time of this review, I've only invested around 90 minutes of gameplay, I am comfortable recommending it.Halo: Spartan Assault is definitely a divergence from the standard Halo fare being a top-down shooter, but much like Halo Wars,  it works for what it tries to accomplish. Some might criticize the game for being a port of a game based around micro-transactions, and that can be felt verily in the load-out screen to some degree, I personally find these qualities contribute an almost arcadey feel to the game. Yes, you can go through the story like is intended, but it feels just as rewarding to go through the missions you've previously completed. Given that most missions were designed to be the short sort of thing you could play while waiting for an appointment or in commercial breaks while watching television, it doesn't feel like a complete loss if you die.I experienced the game with the wired gamepad I kept when I outgrew my 360, and aside from the top-down perspective, the controls are feel very close to how I remember the other games, from Combat Evolved through Reach. While there is a very light degree of auto-aim to account for the inaccuracy of thumbsticks, it does not feel as though you don't have to take care when aiming. That being said, you are also allowed the option of keyboard/mouse gameplay. Though I have not tried this option, I imagine the mouse cursor would allow you for more precision aiming.Audio-wise, I have no opinion one way or the other at this point. The audio isn't bad, but on that same line of reasoning, it does nothing to 'pop out at me' as it were. Given my admiration for the musical scores in the series, this much is a letdown. In the heat of battle, I've heard nothing that's made me stop and say, ""This is to Halo: Spartan Assault what the 'Truth and Reconciliation Suite' is to Halo: Combat Evolved.""Given the presence of the Xbox 360 controller support, it is safe to say that this is most likely based off a similar build to the one from the Windows Marketplace or Xbox Live, so in lacking the co-operative missions present in those versions, it is a bit disappointing. I can only hope that as time goes on, this much can be returned to Spartan Assault, even if it is only something not dissimilar to the Firefight mode many of us are so familiar with.Whether you're a fan of the series and hope that the sales encourage more Steam ports of Halo classics, or you're simply looking for a game that you can play for a few minutes at a time, I can't say you'll go wrong investing in this game."
76561198046648543,Recommended,277430,9875986,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Tyler Masterbator,"This game is a very enjoyable game. IT does not life up to the expectation to the other halos but it definately packs hours of fun. Depending on how well you do on a level gives you xp, and you can spend that xp on armour abilitys and weapons for the next level. It is set inbetween after halo 3 and before halo 4. If you want a game that is cheap and worth your money, you have came to the right page."
,Recommended,277430,9754103,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Desktop Minion,Not bad for £4 worth of entertainment but as a dedicated Halo fan i would just prefer ports of the main titles in the franchise.
,Recommended,277430,9821686,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,KiwiSmurf,"for 4.99USD u cant go wrong, very fun lil game, and its a halo game, why so cheap?"
,Recommended,277430,9882885,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,[ANGRYMAN],"Pros: Good fun, easy to pick up for a quick game.Cons: Tank controls REALLY need re-thinking. REALLY."
76561198083825527,Recommended,277430,10380077,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Obi-Wan Kenobi,wow amazing game and is fully compatible with controllers which is a bonus
,Not Recommended,277430,9754162,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Hikiyo,"Il faut vraiment aimer ce genre de jeu et être fan de Halo en plus, car franchement, c'est très très basique et je préfère encore lire un roman sur Halo que jouer à ça. A mon avis le jeu a été fait par une seule personne de chez 343 industries autrement c'est pas possible.... 2/10 ( Heureusement que j'aime Halo, sinon j'aurai mis 0 :) )"
,Recommended,277430,9884084,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Mario ain't got nothin' on me,It's awesome that halo is trying a new typ of shooter!
,Recommended,277430,12439559,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Klingenmeister,"I am a big fan of the halo storyline (even if I dont own a X-Box and was only able to play 1 and 2) and was very disappointed by the story crash of Halo-Reach (only loved by people who dont know anything about the halo story or dont care about it), so my feeling about Halo 4 and Spartan IVs were ""Meeh, its something.""But 343 are doing a way better job in telling Storys and making character development as Bungee. This short game is not a prime example of a brilliant AAA title, but- it is really cheap- has a online ladder- a lot stuff to unlock and achieve- running on not so good systems and a good game for when you have nothing else to doThe story is short explained like every other Halo short story. Somebody attacks humanity, some elite group of soldiers (here Spartan IVs) are send to clean up and finally some heroic sacrifice (like in every halo title).The gameplay is Halo 2D from above. You controll your character with the arrow keys and aim with the mouse. Being ported from the X-Box the game actually feels...good! I played through the missions without bigger problems, died from stupidity in some cases and managed to complete the game and 80% of the achievs in over 3 hours.Big minus are the tank controls. Like in Halo (PC version), the covenant tank drives like a charm, but the human tank is an uncontrollable mess. In this game, it gets worse. When you come to your one and only tank mission, you WILL totally loose it. instead of following your mouse like every other vehicle, the tank is controlled by the arrow keys and the tower follows your mouse. But W is not forward, W is driving up, A is driving left and...I think you got the problem. Having one vehicle with completly other controls is confusing as hell...Big question are the boosts you can unlock from missions to 1-time use them on other missions. If you fail to complete a challenge, you can farm XP on other missions until you have enough to buy 1-time use bonus equipment, like the spartan laser. Makes bossfights a lot easier. But is also...well...easy. I dont know what to think about it.I think I never had spend so well 3,50€. The game wasnt that great, but I finished it on the same day of installing and felt good after it. It was nice to see and on some parts really challenging (like killing X enemys in a row only with grenades and stuff)."
,Not Recommended,277430,12942988,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sponge Platinum,"Vehicle controls are crap, AI is mostly useless, vehicles can instantly kill you by simply touching you (not just enemies, friendly vehicles too!). No checkpoints, repetitive missions, short game.It does however have many sound bites from the Halo games, and is the only Halo game on Steam. Also fairly easy achievements.tl;dr - Game is for ex-Xbox Halo fans and achievement hunters."
,Recommended,277430,9732850,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,You Activated My Trap Card,a really good spinoff of the halo series. It is $5 on steam compared to the xbox version which is $10. U Should give it a try.
,Recommended,277430,25493988,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,3 Bux for a solid halo spin-off? Count me in!
76561198011520962,Not Recommended,277430,29016353,Posted: 4 January,all,Aquaman360,I don't like it! it's too simple and it's boring.
76561198136415470,Recommended,277430,19418203,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,chris_clash,to start im a huge halo fan played up to halo 4 shame halo 5 not on 360 :P but i loved them allhad this on my phone loved it felt like i needed a controller or mouse and keybord  and now i got it on here and i love it even more as the controller option and the mouse keybord combo work better then the touch didonly down side is i feel like it loooks like halo sounds like halo just aint halo from a first person view so yes i would recomend this game if your a halo fan and...I WOULD ERGE MICROSOFT TO BRING HALO BACK TO THE PC EVEN IF ITS JUST THE MASTER CHIEF COLLLECTION FOR NOW AS IM SURE PEPOLE WOULD PAY TO PLAY I KNOW I WOULD  OR A FREE 2 PLAY ONLINE ONLY GAME AND IM SURE U COULD MAKE MONEY BACK WITH MICRO TRANSACTIONS FOR NEW MAPS AND SKINS I MEAN LOOK AT COUNTER STRIKEok rant over ... but seriously this game gets 8/10 for its smoothness  controlls a bit of replay ability and its fun to play :)2 point deducted for..1 not being a fps2 bit shorthope you enjoy this game as much as i do :)
76561198046675266,Recommended,277430,33818989,Posted: 26 July,all,Dustin,"This game takes place between Halo 3 and 4, with gameplay that resembles Alien Swarm.Really fun, and has everything you'd enjoy with a Halo game on PC.8/10"
,Recommended,277430,9727329,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dougie,Port Halo 3 to PC!
76561198097948022,Not Recommended,277430,16327095,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,D. Stress,"Well, its kinda boring"
76561197992479684,Not Recommended,277430,9738829,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Welches,"The game crashes instantly when tried to open. Whatever I try to do to fix it, it seems to have no effect."
76561198047266382,Not Recommended,277430,15252573,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"Let me first throw out there that I have been a long time fan, and quite frankly a bit of a fangirl when it comes to Halo.. So, typically, as soon as I heard about this, it was on the list of 'insta-buy'. I am regretting that immensely.Don't get me wrong, I love the sound effects in this game, it's literally like stepping back into any of the older Halo games, the storyline been set between the third and fourth instalment of the series and the fact they kept the true to it's form Halo weaponry, this just makes me sad. Like.. Literally sad. I mean, for the love of all things fluffy and cute, since when can you reload a sodding plasma pistol or rifle by picking up another one?! Just.. no.I cannot actually comprehend how this has gotten so many good reviews. It is a boring, souless, money grabbing chore of a game that makes me so, so sad with 343. The entire thing feels redundant as all hell and has no substance what so ever. Quite frankly, if it didn't have the big bold text of 'Halo: Spartan Assault' written all over it, it would just be a cheap and nasty ported tablet game... Oh wait, that's just what it is with a Halo badge stamped on it.The tiny drabs of poorly put together animated story cutscenes occasionally thrown in aren't even worth playing through to unlock it along the way. It's even worse with how badly it handles. Even for something that was formerly a tablet game, the fact they throw in background rockets and 'explosions' just to *attempt* to give it depth and remind you that it's a big, big battle you're in! shows how much of a sorry excuse this ends up being.This has to be by far one of the worst top downs I have ever played, made worse by the fact that I had high hopes for it. If you enjoy something that makes you want to bang your head against a wall repeatedly, this is for you. I wouldn't even recommend it on sale."
,Not Recommended,277430,16316588,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ghouldude,It's just not fun
,Not Recommended,277430,9758155,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Angel Of Ecstasy,"I'm a big Halo fan and have been with the franchise from day one and I can very confidently say this game was boring as hell...the controls are clunky, the graphics are ok and the UI is really cheap looking...not being disrespectful to the devs....I just wasn't blown away and for £3.99 I could have bought a better game..."
,Not Recommended,277430,9857037,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,FruitLoops!,"If you like real action-packed gaming you wouldnt buy this this piece of crap wasnt even worth buying,DONT BUY THIS , GO BUY SOMETHING BETTER THAN THIS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,277430,12541454,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,stabbyjones,"after siding with the negative views i thought i'd hate it, but there really isn't anything wrong with this game at all especially for the cost. i've played way worse 5 dollar games."
,Recommended,277430,9724767,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,R4DFIELD,"First halo game to hit Steam, really hoping this is just the beginning, would be cool to bring the saga to Steam. Remember playing Halo 1, even peaking at 1000 players TODAY after so many years in MP. While this is just a top down shooter, it's nice to have something Halo related on steam, and for $5 bucks, not bad! I actually enjoy top down twin stick shooters so this should be fun for a while!"
,Not Recommended,277430,9755649,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KempoMan,"This game DOES NOT WORK.  It is a ripoff.  It will get you to the screen where it is supposed to detect input devices, and then it just hangs, because for some reason, it won't detect.  So yeah, I would AVOID THIS at all costs, since you will basically be throwing 5 bucks out the window.  I tried to get support through Steam and WHAT A JOKE.  The pages that it redirects you to after you waste time filling out a support ticket are 404 not found errors.  Lame."
76561198067638926,Not Recommended,277430,9739459,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Sapherno11,"Personally, I found this game HORRIBLE.I couldn't even get to play it, due to several problems.Firstly, I've been using a tv moniter as a computer screen, which EVERY OTHER GAME I OWN works with. However, Halo Assault, no matter what resolution I have it set too, will start off with half the screen off to the left, completely out of focus. I still have not been able to get it to work right.However, I can't even play the game, due to it not recognizing ANY imput I have. I have a keyboard and mouse set up, and yet the game refused to recognize this, insisting I hook up a wired 360 controller. I happen to have one on hand, and so hooked it up. Instead of working though, it then froze. I close out, reloaded the game, and then it asks me to choose my cotrol function. When I hit start to select the controller, again the game freezes completely, not allowing me to progress.I'm sure if I could play the game, I would give a favorable report. However the numerous glitches and bugs irritated me to the point I can't stand it."
,Not Recommended,277430,14117566,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mertsch,"I love top down shooter games like Alien Shooter, but this one is just plain boring. I don't really want to explain why, because it is just a boring game. You can't really say it's bad, because you still have top down and you shoot at things, but that's it.Oh and you can select a perk which drains life through shooting, so you don't need any enemies to just die randomly..."
76561198044067192,Not Recommended,277430,12099271,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,vanchess,Definetly one of the worst games I've ever played and propably the saddest thing about the game is that fan boys are not gonna say no this game nad ofcourse they won't admit that this game really ain't that good.Soo that I don't have to write too much about this I am gonna put this to pros and cons(And really try to think Thorougly all the pros)Pros+ Halo game (this is just for the fan boys)+ New type of gameplay in this franchiseWow that was almost as short as my shopping listCons- Too short- No multiplayer- Poor AI- Poorly designed weapons- Bad controls (if not using a gamepad with sticks)- You don't want to play this twice (even the first time gets boooring if you ain't a hardcore fan boy)- Poor level design- Okay everything in this game is just poorly designed so I don't have tell everything that is poorly designed- That this game existsto me personally this is going to be the last Halo game I'm gonna buy cos they just ain't what they used to be
,Recommended,277430,9727762,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,BLuE,"Not a bad game, top down shooter, but hey"
,Not Recommended,277430,15135687,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ranch___breath,i want a full refund! i can go to the main meneu and thats it nmothing else will load up. Like I said i want a full refund
76561197990024016,Recommended,277430,9727660,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Aperture Science,"""I haven't beat the game yet, but I saw no reviews and thought I might help some people who are on the fence out. What seems like a crappy cash-in on a big title to create an arcade game was actually a pleasant surprise. I purchased this game on a whim for a few reasons: It was only $4.99, I'm a fan of the Halo series, and the screenshots reminded me of one of my favorite (though definitely less popular) Halo Games, ""Halo Wars"".Instead of your typical ""point a to point b"" halo missions, you now have various objectives per level and some can be quite challenging. Defending bases, gathering resources, keeping all your men alive, and all out surviving hordes of enemies are just a few of the multiple tasks at hand. As you can see from the screenshots and game description, this game is not a first person shooter. It's a top-down shooter. You use WASD control scheme to move your character and use your mouse to aim and shoot as well as a few other keys for shields / upgrades and switching weapons. I believe that anyone who likes a challenge and strategy games would be particularly fond of this concept. The game features a nice layout and the animations and graphics are about as good as you would expect for a $5 arcade game in 2014. The AI in the game was fine. They'd always shoot with good accuracy, some would hide behind shields while others would charge you with energy weapons, etc. You choose your weapons at the beginning of levels as well as upgrades and you don't have a seemingly endless supply of ammo like the other Halo games, thus adding to the challenge. So strategize how you will use your ammo. Perhaps let your allies take care of the low-threatining grunts or use a secondary weapon, and use the big guns when the time arises. The game features multiplayer, but not for the campaign mode. There are a nice variety of levels and you will be encountering the covenant as well as my favorite, the flood. I don't think the typical fan of the Halo FPS games would enjoy this.I would recommend this game to a few types of people:1. Those who enjoy strategic top-down shooters.2. Those who enjoy casual games (though some missions are pretty tough at times, it is definitely fair all around).3.Those who are big fans of the Halo universe and don't mind stepping away from your typical first-person shooters.The game is $4.99. An incredible price in my opinion as it's $10 on consoles. I already know that most Halo fanboys and FPS fanboys won't like this game very much. The game is exactly what you see in the screenshots and videos, so if you don't like what you see, then don't buy it. In the end, it's a $5 so don't expect anything revolutionary... If you don't mind dropping a few bucks to enjoy a pretty good all around game that is different in the series, then I say go for it. I'll play this game and beat it, and then I'll come back every now and then to replay some of my favorite missions. The game has a nice touch of adding scores, upgrades, and weapons so it has pretty good replay value. It is worth mentioning though, that the game features microtransactions. You can purchases weapons and upgrades early (that are all completely unlockable for free as you play the game). While I won't be purchasing any, and honestly see no reason to put this in the game, the option is there for those who wish. I give Halo: Spartan Assault a 7/10."""
,Recommended,277430,15422156,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,CJ,The scorpion mission gave me nightmares and killed my infants
76561198274424219,Recommended,277430,22995093,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Mr.Coplotel-Alexe,Is so nice !
,Not Recommended,277430,12366785,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Herresaurus,"EDIT: It says I played 0 hours. That's just steam rounding down my 29 minutes of playtime. Yes. I got bored after 29 minutes.I am a big fan of the Halo franchise. Halo 3, Reach, ODST, Halo 4, the part of Halo:CE I managed to play before my Xbox RROD'd, loved it. All of it.You can imagine that I was quite pleased to see a halo title appearing on steam. I knew it was just a port from mobile, but I didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ A new Halo game. On PC. I bought it.The game is not that great. I played through a few missions, and it's really obvious that it was made for mobile. Mechanics are simplistic, graphics are eh, story is eh. ""eh"" summarizes my experience with Spartan Assault. It's a mediocre game which is quite forgettable, and at this point it would feel like a chore for me to finish it. I really wish this weren't the case. As said earlier, I love Halo, but the sole presence of ""Halo"" in this game's title does not suffice to save this mobile, generic top-down shooter from being exactly what it sounds like: mediocre.Would not recommend, and that makes me sad."
76561198022820771,Recommended,277430,9735506,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"This game is better than you may think. The graphics are nice, the story and sound are solid. The game play is well done and strong, and there is no micro transactions in the game. This is a port that doesn't feel like a port.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-SHgSSBIE8&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpA"
,Not Recommended,277430,11179196,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Whispy The Homo Horse,As much as I hate to say it this is the WORST halo game ever made so ladies and gentleman on to the reveiw.Pros+It's graphics allow it to easily run on low end computers+What little animated cutscenes there are are beautifully animatedCons-It's a top down shooter instead of the classic fps style halo made popular-The missions are essentially the same everytime with little to no creativity and usually reskins of the same 10 maps.-the story is a lazy and generic mess-Gameplay feels as if it's trying to mooch of the sucesess of the halo franchise and make a few extra bucks-The controls ocasionlly bug if you use a controller-the weapons all Halo weapons though they feel generic boring and frustrating to use in this gameDear lord the cons could go on and on but I think I'll give it a rest and say this a waste of money and a lazy cash in of a game and my verdict is a 2/10. So please for the love of god or what ever deity you know don't buy this dispointment.-
76561198115542311,Not Recommended,277430,14034519,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,☠Darksoldier642☠,How is this good when you cant get co-op that just makes the game as sh*t as sh*t can be this game is a pile of sh*t unles they add co-op
,Recommended,277430,18899344,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Rapxtor,"Its shame that the halo series isnt here on steam and some not even on PC plantform, but Halo: Spartan Assault is capable of delivering the player the same feeling in diferent way, since it is isometric shooter, but on that regard, does a very good job.Good graphics, sound and strong gameplay make this game very entertaining, a few challenges, medals and special ops extend the lengh of the game in interesting way, a little diferent from the common shooter.You have special Ops, that are some kind of challenges to keep you busy and also each mission are rated with points, its interesting concept to prolong the gameplay.My only con in this game is the driving in vehicles, its a little confusing and diferent from common games were you go the direction key you press, but nothing that we cant get used too.Until microsoft decides to return what should never had left the PC with the consoles release, Halo Spartan series does a very good job in keepping you interested by the Halo universe and definitly something to have around in steam library, and the price is also very attractive for game of this lenght."
76561198082085410,Recommended,277430,9726716,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,"$3,999 *msrp LG refrigerator","This is a great game. Unlike the windows store version, there is no microtransactions. all ""credit"" items can be boulght with the one game currency. This game is compatible with keyboard and mouse, touchscreen devices and xbox controller. Ihere is also a good selection of weapons to choose from right from the start and you can find other special weapons from enemy drops. This game is well worth $5.00. i would give this game a 8.5/10"
76561198054876361,Not Recommended,277430,24050321,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,amarkula,"Returned for rigid, boring, strictly lineary scripted. I wanted it to be better but 1,25€ is too much for this generic repetition simulator themed in halo universe.I guess I expected Halo franchise to throw more time and money to QA.""CEO want another Halo game out in 4 months, with this budget. Do it!"""
76561198141540111,Recommended,277430,18541472,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gene the Emoji,epic game its not lik a normal halo game but its rly cool and stuff
,Recommended,277430,11908952,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Maddawg,"Just a downright sleak, fun, and enjoyable shooter. Hope they continue on this line, very well done."
,Not Recommended,277430,12123679,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Legit Squid,"If you like action, gore, sci-fi, and all the infinit list of what ever the hell there is, this game is good for you-if you are one of those rare persons that actually LIKE 3rd person view. This game, personally, was a waste of time, only becuase the 3rd person thing. Seriously guys, Its not really the game you thought it would be"
,Recommended,277430,12282659,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kerri,"About 4 hours of gametime, provided you just do everything once and don't touch the score attack gamemodes (I'm assuming that's what they are). Surprisingly enjoyable, and that's coming from someone who got 1 level into Halo 4 before becoming bored and putting it down (Halo 2 is probably one of my favourite games of all time).No idea if the story is canon but it's your typical Halo fanfare, very reminiscent of Halo Reach in that it follows non-MC spartans. Gameplay is twin-stick, but with identical controls to what is in Halo (at least if you play with a gamepad), making it very easy to pick up, with most of the associated weapons, grenades, vehicles and powerups that are in Halo. I guess this is as good as you're going to get for now, since Halo proper isn't coming to PC any time soon, but that this game is definitely worth the price, even not on sale."
,Recommended,277430,24334405,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jonahpher,"Let me just start off by saying, this game is fun.But the AI could be better.I know this game is here for PC players that wouldn't have been able to play Halo on a console because they didn't have enough money, etc, but this specific game has it's ups and it's downs.I don't have much time so I'm gonna write a quick review.Ups:The controls are spot on and easy to use.Some missions make the game exceedingly fun.This game lets you have fun, but be serious at the exact same time.Remember the Focus Rifle in Halo Reach? They upgraded it to max, and they will drain your shield in no time.Downs:The AI could be harder, it's real easy to kill an elite as you need to melee it two times.The story is short.Price could be lower.But here, let's talk specifically about the AI.EnemiesThe setting is a little weird actually, it's in Halo 4, but, correct me if I'm wrong, but there were no brutes in Halo 4 right? Because they are in here.The Elites are very easy to kill, 2-3 melee attacks and they're dead.Grunts, easy as always, really no con there.Jackals, medium, I mean they have shields and they are very hard to avoid for me, so I'd give them a medium because when their shields are down they are very easy to kill.Drones, for people who don't know what drones are, look in the link below this sentence, anyway, they're somewhat hard, as you can't melee them so they can be a little difficult.https://www.google.com/search?biw=1440&bih=785&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=halo+drone&oq=halo+drone&gs_l=img.3...50580.51018.0.51131.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.0.0.ku0b_V3xwcs#imgrc=FH4p5Bj-8tPWtM%3ABrutes, complicated, they swarm into battle on jetpacks so you can't kill them instantly, they take a few hits to hit and are a little hard.Overall rating of enemy AI: 9/10FriendliesIn Halo 4, there were spartans that would help you in battle, same as a marine that has shields and a little more health. I don't see them in this game, not that it bothers me, it would be a nice feature or skull that would remove half of the credits you earn, but, I'm convinced that this game takes place in Halo 3.7, (almost to the setting of Halo 4) so I would expect them, but oh well.Marines, they uh, switch on and off of when they want to die? I don't know, it's just that the game has certain times where they'll die and when they won't, either I'm protecting them a lot or they don't die from a grenade blast, kinda confuses me.Overall Friendly Rating: 7.5/10OVERALL RATING: 8.5/10Game needs adjustments, but it's pretty fun once you get used to it!"
,Recommended,277430,9726920,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,Fans of the Halo universe will like it. Fans of multiplayer won't.
,Recommended,277430,9732661,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Stormrazor,Its like the perfect mash up of Halo with the Diablo style birds eye view. Controls are all the familiar Xbox 360 controls (minus jump) so its nice & comfy. And at five bucks its a steal :)#NeedMoreHaloOnSteam
,Recommended,277430,9729237,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Señor OreoBunz,"Yo Dawg, Yo Dawgs call you Dawg, Dawg.10/10 Dawg"
,Not Recommended,277430,11531060,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,LifeWulf,"A short 4 hour romp through top-down twin-stick bite-sized missions. The story is mildly interesting, if unimaginative, and the cutscenes are ugly (but, like everything else in the game, thankfully brief). I only played with an Xbox One controller (acts like a 360 controller here), so I can't speak for the keyboard and mouse controls, but aside from the awkwardness of driving the Scorpion and the heavier, twin-barreled tank, the controls were fairly solid. Could have used an indicator for where you were shooting though, can be difficult to aim at times. The controller would vibrate for a set amount of time then stop, even if you were still doing the action that caused it to vibrate in the first place, though that may have been the Xbox One controller drivers and not the game itself, who knows.Skulls are essentially required if you want to be able to use better weapons throughout the missions, as the more powerful Sniper Rifle, Spartan Laser and Rocket Launcher are restricted to XP purchases. Basically, you get a certain amount of XP per mission, but it's so miniscule that it would take at least three missions to unlock just the 500 XP Sniper Rifle. By using skulls, you increase the XP multiplier, so you earn it faster and can unlock things quicker. Unfortunately, while the skulls made the earlier levels more entertaining by providing more of a challenge, the later levels got frustratingly difficult. If you enjoy that sort of masochistic challenge, by all means, put on whatever skulls you want (up to two at a time). It's not for me though.Considering I love the Halo universe, I was really disappointed in this game. If you rarely get time to play any video games, it might be worth your time, but make sure it's on sale if you do decide to get it. I'd say five bucks, max. It seems to have been designed with mobile in mind, especially with the odd borders in the corners, but it works far better on here or the Xbox One. Trust me. The touch controls are stupid."
76561198155929579,Not Recommended,277430,24113989,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pills Here!,"Sure the game doesn't cost much. But does that make it any better? No. It trys to use the Halo Wars style of play. Did anyone ask for this? No. It seems nice at first, but then once you get into it, the flaws show themselves.It's not lore friendly and has moments that make no sense. (Such as normal marines using ODST drop pods, and jackels throwing plasma grenades).The controls don't make much sense either. (You can't edit the fire and grenade keys).Along with a delayed response sometimes.Sometimes you have to fight hordes of enemies which leaves you in a fustrating situation. And at times leaving you with not enough enemies and with a turret that fires 100 bullets per second. The game is difficult. (Not the ""ooo this is quite the challenge"" kind of difficult, more like the ""why the f#ck did that just happen?"" kind of difficult.Playing it will only disappoint. Long term or big Halo fans dislike it. While people that don't know much about Halo like it. I guess it is an okay game if you don't play much Halo. It pains me to make a harsh review like this on a Halo game, but it just isn't impressive."
76561198008161967,Recommended,277430,15783096,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,trm90,Just a fun arcadey game.  Tough though to unlock/buy gear/equiptment for different mission but and overall fun play.
76561197970613951,Not Recommended,277430,9865344,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,cryptochrist,"Limited ammo, underpowered weapons, many absurd instadeath situation, controls that aren't fluid enough for a twin stick shooter, purchased items are gone after completing a level! WTF???? Waste of money and time. Halo - Spastic Assault doesn't hold a candle against Top Down Shooters like Renegade Ops, Shadowgrounds or Gatling Gears."
,Recommended,277430,19262221,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"Hopefully the first of many more! I'm a huge fan of Halo and when I first heard of this game coming to Steam I got excited. The game is only 5 dollars which is a great price for the content it provides. Does the game run smoothly? Well yes! The movement is spot on and the keyboard/mouse controls are well done. So I love the controls, the gameplay, the price, and the content the game brings us in general. A fun and responsive top down shooter."
76561198046108355,Recommended,277430,20592330,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,WE WON MAGA (NiMiTz),"A decent little game, if on sale for a few bucks."
,Not Recommended,277430,21577582,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Skilltagz,"Controls are utter garbage and are prone to errors, POV is terrible and makes it hard to actually lign up a shot, rendering anything that you cannot spray and pray with useless. Controls cannotbe adjusted and the mouse sensitivity is rediculously dull. Save your money for somthing actually worth playing"
76561198138460339,Not Recommended,277430,21761849,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Cox,Halo (♥♥♥♥♥♥ game edition)
76561198122959481,Not Recommended,277430,21802117,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Momo (from the movie),dont buy it.... it's a mobile game and a bad one.
76561198111939388,Recommended,277430,10549957,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mrs Del Valle,For some reason when I play this game I have no screen
,Not Recommended,277430,9957706,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"Pretty aweful game overall. The missions are extremely short and repetitive. It's not a very long game, but I simply couldn't bear it for very long.The premise is you are playing a video game (in the video game) of previous spartans. That right there is pretty lame, but not what hit the nail in the coffin.There is literally nothing original here. All your typical Halo stuff, such out any real storyline or unique graphics.It is an obvious ploy to use the Halo title to sell a bag of garbage - even despite their low asking price this is a hunk of junk and should have just never been made."
,Recommended,277430,9828521,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,CRUSHDEBULLET,Love it!
,Recommended,277430,10536166,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,O'Malley ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Its Halo FFS BUY IT!!!!!!!Halo Spartan Assault is ok but i like the other Halo's more.
,Recommended,277430,9751268,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Juicy,swole baby
76561198085130178,Recommended,277430,17395794,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Redgrave,This game is Legit ! :D
76561198120291849,Recommended,277430,17651410,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,The Boss Of All Russia,"Extremely fun, and very simple. Although it has a very short story mode, It will take multiple playthroughs to get gold stars on each level, plus there are weekly challenges similar to those in Halo 4."
76561198168170095,Recommended,277430,17666869,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,adamoh202,"This game is pretty good, but not great compared to games like Halo: Reach."
,Recommended,277430,26049694,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rogueWithLoveForRogues,Got this for a dollar and I did get some fun out of iteven though I'm not a Halo fun. Stop playing because I alsoGot Hotline Miami lol so yeah overall it's pretty good.
76561198013179605,Not Recommended,277430,17011911,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,"Puff, The Magic Dragon","Never have I been so disappointed at a Halo PC game. Microsoft keep bending over our asses and ramming their throbbing ♥♥♥♥♥ into us as they steal our wallets with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.All that is needed is a Halo 3/ REACH PC port that doesn't sick♥♥♥♥♥♥sideways and I'll be satisfied. Until then, enjoy this ♥♥♥♥♥tickle."
76561198040150323,Not Recommended,277430,16374053,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,J'viens d'chier un esti d'tas,No masterchief.
76561198057772128,Recommended,277430,11313572,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,A.B. Ghibly,"I enjoyed playing Halo: Spartan Assault because it was a fresh take on a series that has been known for first-person combat. The Steam version is budget-friendly and is the complete package as you would get on the Xbox platforms (sans the co-op). I really wish there was co-op here but the dlc is here and so are the achievements. Overall, you're looking at a 10+ hour game if you want to collect all the achievements so good luck!"
76561198070220916,Recommended,277430,10711774,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fatty94,Fun twin-stick shooter. SImple mechanic but still fun to play and i really like the halo lore fator behind it.
76561198089068200,Recommended,277430,9744800,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lezard,"Great simple game that can be a squal In many ways, Can't wait for more.Maybe if this game does good on steam, hopefully Microsoft make more halos on pc :D?"
,Recommended,277430,10677720,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leobrb The Frenchman,Woah woah woah... Halo on steam! Hopefully more to come! I bought this game during the Summer sale of 2014 for less then $5! It's a short game but it provides hours of fun! I recommend it to any 3rd person shooter fan or halo fan.
,Recommended,277430,13715661,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,StahlGrim,"It's good, the levels are challenging, the gameplay is enjoyable, the story is nice. 8/10"
76561198053954754,Recommended,277430,10065021,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,LJT,Any True Halo Fan would get this. Love to see more halo games on Steam
,Recommended,277430,12221930,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,sizemasher,"This is a great game that has got a lot of bad reviews recently, one of my more played games recently and I have thoroughly enjoyed playing it."
76561198075458746,Recommended,277430,12377031,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cleveland CAVS 2K16 CHAMPS,Pros+Great graphics+Awesome cut scenes+Interesting Story+Controller support+Achievements+Trading cards+Only 5 dollars+Smooth gameplayCons-Very short-Little to no replay value-Controls can be a little choppyOverrall = 7/10Feel like Microsoft can do better ;(
,Recommended,277430,12973724,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JOIN MY DISCORD,"I picked this game up and finished it in a manner of hours. I found it to be fun little time filler, however this is better for people who have phone or somthing of that requirement (which is probably microsoft device) and is,as you must of noted, a design were you look down on a screen it is diffrent... the gameplay is fun even if some hit detection and AIs might start to get you down. The story... Well it reminds me of reach until forunner gobldi goop rains down and comes into a spin off, of Halo 4 before Halo 4. You may also rather buy this on the Xbox consoles (360, ONE) for only they have CO-OP, which involves some fun with the flood. No replay value unless your a completionist. The cutscenes are like Halo 4s and Halo combat evolved annivesarys terimals. It is a fun game and Halo on steam is a whoop whoop situation but I'd suggest getting it on your latest Xbox console mainly for more content including weapons and Spartan strike a sorta side story for Halo 4 (spartan strike does not come with spartan assault). Gee I feel like some sorta add maker anyway I don't see many people reading ALLLLLLLL of this :P:D."
76561198175829915,Recommended,277430,14162224,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TidieHog,It´s one of the best games in steam. I love it so much!
76561198155930678,Recommended,277430,14202564,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hyperion,das good plz buy
,Recommended,277430,9740119,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,GC_Carbon,"Since 2007 there has been no sign of Halo games coming to PC, the last being Halo 2. Now, we have Halo: Spartan Assault, and I must say, it's great. It's a top down shooter which may drive some away, but it works. Unfortunately, there's no multiplayer or Spartan customization. The game looks and feels amazing, especially with a controller. I haven't used the keyboard and mouse yet, since I have a controller to use, but I'm sure it's pretty good. If you love the Halo series, you'll like this. The $4.99 price tag ain't so bad either."
,Recommended,277430,13616513,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wall_e101,Crashes the instant you start a level but the halo games are great i recemend buying them
,Not Recommended,277430,18080398,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Tartrazine,"It doesn't feel like Halo, and it's not a fun twin-stick shooter, especially with the autoaim."
,Recommended,277430,30022602,Posted: 18 February,all,Lil Clip,gucci
,Recommended,277430,29572151,Posted: 29 January,all,Denzlell,halo on a pc ...
76561198026336972,Not Recommended,277430,15196172,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Cash-a-saurus,"Immagine everything great about Halo.Now remove all of that and you have this game.A top down, no multiplayer crapfest."
,Recommended,277430,11248867,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Caboose,I Love The Halo Franchise And it Wont Go Dead To Me So I 10/10 Recommend this Game :D
,Not Recommended,277430,13752836,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,grace,dis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥seks so bed
76561198105788060,Recommended,277430,9830930,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Syam23,It's a pretty decent but fun game.Recommended for players who likes top-down shooters and especially for Halo fans.It is easy to cope to the game once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,277430,24449812,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Mighty Griffin,This table top formation game is very good and like the Halo's of the xbox era you go around shooting the grunts and elites with their own weapons as well as the UNSC's fine weaponary.Halo fans may well be into this formation or perhaps not but to each their own.
,Recommended,277430,16467606,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,hùng,not bad for 3$ game
76561198132926358,Recommended,277430,24677806,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Golden Weasel,fun
,Recommended,277430,24697960,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ItsDilloosional,Does Anyone where the multiplayer is i don't know and i give this game a thumbs up because its getting really intense already!!!
,Recommended,277430,9747924,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hippo,GREAT GAME!!! Just needs co-op or multiplayer for the big deathmatch battles
,Not Recommended,277430,20192989,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mrmile313,Meh. Poor controls.
,Recommended,277430,22376517,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,J$,The fun goes down when you finish the game...
,Recommended,277430,10630992,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fabio Guantes,Good.
76561198078659459,Recommended,277430,11228265,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Original,"Spartan Assault is for those hardcore Halo fans who actually enjoy this franchise as many people will say this game as a cheap knock off. In my honest opnion though it has great grpahics and have currently zero technical difficulties, strongly recommend."
76561198059747264,Not Recommended,277430,16024875,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Assistance10,"If you enjoy the halo story and want to know more, get this game.If you don't care for the story and want to just play the game than you may be unhappy by its limited combat options and game-play style.I personally do not like this game. Hopefully if you buy it you like it."
,Not Recommended,277430,31782527,Posted: 16 May,all,Dreamboarder,No longer starts
,Recommended,277430,25518853,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,AC11B,"Just like Spartan Strike, so if you're a Halo fan it is pretty fun. But if MS can bring these low budget titles to the PC there is no reason why we still don't have ALL the Halos available. Reach and ODST were my absolute favorite, but the MC collection is still must have. Halo 5: Forge and the high probability of Halo 6 coming to PC are good signs but they owe us for 10+ years of poorly handling this series on the PC."
,Recommended,277430,10725244,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dapper Walrus,Amazing game would recommend to any Halo fan!!!
,Recommended,277430,10670855,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Desert_fox75,uhmmm begin with the halo its an best game of xbox but this halo's game spartan assault mehhhhh not a good game not a bad game its just OK
76561198179787849,Recommended,277430,17847586,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Cameron,ittttttttttttttt issssssssssssssssssssssss aaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwsssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ::::::::::::::::))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,277430,21122318,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,crazyhogwon,"if you are a fan of the halo universe, then go ahead and buy this game. it's a top-down double stick shooter with halo stuff :)"
76561198180715274,Recommended,277430,28959889,Posted: 2 January,all,Garythewhale,good top down shooter
76561198271494004,Recommended,277430,20849505,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Mr gruntzilla,Halo: Spartan Assault
,Recommended,277430,15451414,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Awyeah,Spend hours looking down upon human life and lead them into death over and over again >:D11/10
,Recommended,277430,18019814,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Spider9928,"This game can be summed up in three words ""Halo Wars Lite"" but i still do recommend this to Halo fans i like this game but im not going to be putting 100 hours into this but i will finish it one day."
,Recommended,277430,23503804,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DRET20,"Currently played 101 minutes of the game! I'm surprised how small that amount of time feels... Got it today aswell! ""AMAZING GAME!!!"" is what most people would expect me to say at this moment. So, I'm not going to surprise anyone. AMAZING GAME!!!"
,Recommended,277430,12323388,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AutismDevice,"bob:hey joe did you like halo? joe:HALO!!! bob:joe, we get the frikin idea. joe: HALO!!!!BUY NOW BECAUSE JOE LOVES THIS GAME!!!!joe:HALO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,277430,9734094,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,カムデン,Really like it fun and awesome gameplay halo 3 would be good to
76561198022344371,Recommended,277430,9725789,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,iCare. Ten Pence Lion,"First impressions , Its awesome, Gameplay seems brill, halo from a different view point, I was unsure, but as soon as i started with the gameplay, i was like wow. I really recommend this, and for the price aswell, its just brilliant.  Maybe i will change my mind after playing this more, but currently, i think its deffo worth getting, just giving my first impressions of the game :DGraphics for this style of game are brill, the enemies seem exactly like the normal halo, pick up weapons you see on the floor, you can pull enemies out of turrets, attack them close quaters, theres proper mission objectives :DOnly possible downside is the missions are small, but for the price :D :D :D"
,Recommended,277430,9726123,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Srehten68W,"If you're as much of a Halo fanboy as I am you will buy this game regardless lol. If you're not, well... it's a top down twin-stick shooter with extremely short missions and no multiplayer that I can find. For only $5 I'd say go for it, but thats proly cuase I love Halo too much. Given that the only other Halo game for sale on PC currently is the origional, I can put up with this and just pray and hope that 343 as a dev. will bring more Halo games to PC."
,Recommended,277430,11870135,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Division Agents,"For a $4.99 Strategy Game, HALO: Spartan Assault is the Best Choice. From the Graphics, Achievement & Leaderboards Feature, The Story, and More, Halo is Great. I Think Microsoft did Great Job, HALO was one of my Favourites. I Would Recommend this Game to You Guys, and Other Gamers. Awesome Games.BUT, If you Compare to the Other Strategy Games Under $5 or $10, HALO: Spartan assault doesn't Really Awesome i Would Give 4/5. But still, This Games is Great and Fun to Play.Keep up the Good Work Steam :)"
,Recommended,277430,9740889,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Campo,"From a non biased point of view, this game is fun in the terms of gameplay. There is a few things the game is lacking that would make it a more enjoyable experiance. They're a good story, multiplayer/coop, and halo 3. 8.5/10I hope microsoft is testing the waters in steam to see if we are intrested in buying halo games. If this game sales decently I hope they consider bringing any of the halos to steam previous from halo 4 with the exception of halo wars(terrible)."
,Not Recommended,277430,17293446,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,FadedRend,This Halo game is accually trash to be honest its nowhere even close to any of the other Halos and I personally think its a rip-off just to make extra money. I would give this game 2/10.
,Not Recommended,277430,13639637,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pinkeh,Kind of boring.
,Recommended,277430,9801083,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Shaun,"Do you like Halo? Well here is a game that is made by the Halo franchise but theres a twist. It is just a run and gun sroll shooter. It is very fun, but don't get this game for the story because there really is none. The voice acting isn't good but the cinematics are very impressive for a 5 dollar game. Get this game, its a steal!"
,Not Recommended,277430,13261306,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,coolRONz,"not a bad game if you like top down shooters i guess. but for me its just not worth it to me. you can buy games like dishonored for about the same price if both on sale, more of a FPS kinda person...."
,Recommended,277430,9731123,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,AlienX,This is a good game. finaly they made one for the pc! has a nice alien swarm feel to it. however i wish it had more to the maps. it currently only has a little area that you sit in and pic off enimies as they come.
,Recommended,277430,9727806,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Eternal Darkness,"Halo Wars PC Edition. Not the absolute worst. I ""reccommend"" this because I have always supported the Halo Franchise. I have mixed feelings about this game overall... If I am to be honest the controls need to be touched up a tad to be as decent as Halo Wars' controls.343/Microsoft you gan get an extra three fiddy from practically each person on steam if you release Halo tree. A Halo complete pack on steam would be worth Microsoft's while (Microsoft has to approve and licence a lot of things before anyone can start working on a pc version)."
,Recommended,277430,9729176,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Solaire,Just an epic game to play if you're a fan of halo.
,Recommended,277430,9730867,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kek!,"Cool game, good fun but its not Halo 3. I would pay easy 200 for halo 3 and DLC. PORT IT TO PC!"
76561198118037298,Recommended,277430,9730868,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Grenadier,Really fun game i thought it was another halo wars series but it's not i really love the game though!Recommended 8/10
76561197960717158,Recommended,277430,9733509,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,RaLv,Do you really need an escuse not to buy this ..... its halo different from the others but its halo. Fun game :D
76561198086496514,Recommended,277430,18917537,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Squibby,"Halo: Spartan Assault is good.Enough Say.Buy It.I've running out of things to say for this review.How's the kids?Good, that's good.Alright bye."
,Not Recommended,277430,10666749,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Locrin,"Boring campaign, sluggish controls, some weapons and mechanics works a lot differently than they do in the Halo universe. Plasma grenades doesn't bounce off jackal energy shield, aiming slows you down, can't even jump or walk over small objects.If you are looking for a good Halo Game for PC, this is not it."
,Recommended,277430,11947722,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,starcraftguy,"I bought this game because it was on sale for $1.69. I just finished the last mission. It took me about three hours to beat the game. I'd say three hours of entertainment for less than $2.00 is a great value.This game is a top down shooter, so it's not like the previous Halo games. It was also ported over from the phone, so I wasn't expecting much. I was surprised at how good it looks, and how much content there is. If they ever update it and bring new content, I'll definitely be back to play it more."
76561198136544461,Recommended,277430,32141488,Posted: 2 June,all,MrBallPython,Horrible scorpion controls 10/10 would halo again
,Recommended,277430,11426773,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ya big meatball,"I bought it cus it has the world ""Halo"" in it."
,Recommended,277430,9727242,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Fulgrim the Phoenician,this game is very well made and has got some entertaining gameplay BUT the controls are kinda wierd especialy the tank
,Recommended,277430,23243709,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7.5/10 TJBs
76561198116717931,Recommended,277430,13398944,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,LTM_Lancer,love halo this has a great story and fun game play.
76561198218122989,Recommended,277430,18088819,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,guestx603x,JGJHGHFJK
,Recommended,277430,20683191,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Blood-chilling Ball,"Spartan Assault.The only Halo game where you can survive being stuck with a plasma grenade.The only Halo game where you can survive multiple needler supercombines.The only Halo game where the plasma pistol is OP.The only Halo game where the rocket launcher has 150 rounds, and is fully automatic.The only Halo game where the ghost can destroy a wraith in less than 7 seconds.The only Halo game where stealth elites' walk pattern is derpy as ♥♥♥♥.The only Halo game where energy swords don't kill you instantly.The only Halo game where jackals take more than one melee attack before dying.The only Halo game where the marines have more health, better training and more coordination than you.The only Halo game where driving a scorpion makes you want to kill yourself.The only Halo game that does not include a warthog.The magnum is still OP.7/77 would ♥♥♥♥♥slap Merg Vol again.On a serious note, it's actually really great, I recommend trying it out."
76561198147659589,Recommended,277430,20720299,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sallami,this is a good game
,Recommended,277430,20766434,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Switcherio (akuL),- Tank controls suck9.8/10
,Recommended,277430,12516154,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Chris P.  Bacon,"Good Game, I play the halo series. This is one of my favorite ones"
76561198365980953,Recommended,277430,34299832,Posted: 16 August,all,OGRayden337,Good halo game
,Recommended,277430,18029487,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Riveroo,"i want to try Halo but I dont like FPS, and this game is top-down shooter, this is the best. the vehicles is great,the consept is great, if you have wooden pc you can play this game. great game 69/71"
76561198082509206,Not Recommended,277430,11434062,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ed10k399,"I generally like top-down shooters like Halo: Spartan Assault, but I can't really recommend this game at full price. There's barely any story telling in this game. The missions are not engaging either. And as long as you have an automatic weapon, just shoot the target mindlessly. I've had better fun playing Shadowgrounds and its sequel, Shadowgrounds: Survivor. Audio is ok, Graphics do just fine. Buy only if you're ""collecting"" top-down shooters."
,Not Recommended,277430,11059204,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,toddhunter,"Graphics: Just fine, you can see what you need to see.Gameplay: Just fine. Controls work, but guns and enemies are unimpressive and there is not a lot of challenge.Missions: Just fine. Standard stuff, reach point A, blow up B, defend C and repeat.Overall? You would expect Halo: Spartan Assault to be ""just fine"" and worth a recommendation. But really you have to ask yourself if it is really worth your time? I would expect you will play it for an hour, see that boxes are just ticked and then never touch it again because there just isn't anything special about it.There are just way better games to spend your time with. So while this game doesn't necessarily do anything wrong, it just fails to do enough right to keep you interested."
,Recommended,277430,18042235,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Cheerilee,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCHreally well done love way they change gaming style for this one
,Recommended,277430,19142478,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,yaqub el-salad,good HALO game. that's all folks. :D
76561198065638436,Recommended,277430,10697457,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Superstar Cole,Game freezes every time i start it up 11/10
,Not Recommended,277430,9748436,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,W.A. the Anum,"Fix this ""Controls"" bug and i maybe give it a real review. After i played it one lil time i got this (well known in the forum) bug and now i cant play it anymore. So fix PLEASE as FAST as you can, srs."
,Recommended,277430,35405046,Posted: 1 October,all,Rebz,"Pros: I like the game its a new style of a halo game to me, the missions could be better an longer but over all a really fun shooter wish they added multiplayer or atleast co'op with friends that would be dope!Cons: the total health system in this game really does suck, i mean you get hit 1 time an its atleast gone on the health bar an your dead. also they should of added multiplayer!Follow my twitch for epic streams,Chill an awesome entertainment!!www.twitch.tv/reeeebzz"
76561198065824373,Recommended,277430,9934954,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Benito Mussolini,hmmm i was thinking when i saw the trailer Multiplayer...
,Not Recommended,277430,9726078,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Seras,"The gunplay wasnt the finest and shootting is derppy, using shotgun requires you to hold left-click and you will shoot so you can't just single click to shoot shotgun. There is very little progress when moving to a new level and some missions are hard and you will need to play them over and over again. Worth buying? -> Perhaps, I didn't get the satisfaction I wanted from a Halo title so any fans who will play this might get sad. I don't strongly recommend this game because the gameplay is guite bad."
,Recommended,277430,9727796,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,jigger,Finally the Halo 3 port you have been waiting for.
,Recommended,277430,9727543,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,brander,"As a Halo Veteran, I'll give this game a 7/10.It is basically a Top Down shooter for Consoles, Phones, and tablets.343i has potential of porting Halo 3 onto the PC or more of Halo games onto PC.Also, I've been playing halo for 7 Years, so i know what Im talking about :DHALO 3 PORTS PLS"
,Recommended,277430,9725365,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,IeuaN,"Ahh the first Halo on Steam, it's not quite Halo 3 or Reach but it's still an enjoyable game.P.S. They have trading cards!"
76561198063949392,Not Recommended,277430,34410612,Posted: 22 August,all,ẞḭƥƥȩȿ,short story not very well developed
,Recommended,277430,9729310,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Scalith,Isn't Halo 3.
76561198039389987,Recommended,277430,9726371,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,"hey, not bad",I want a real halo game.   not halo/10I hope this isn't a way to test the waters for possibly releasing more Halo games on PC because it will not go well. No one wants a tablet game.
,Recommended,277430,15406051,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Pretty fun. It is basically top-down Halo. Until we get a real Halo game on the pc, this will have to do. I think it is pretty fun, and I like the newer one even better, which is basically more of this. It is short but fun.7.5/10"
,Recommended,277430,31175098,Posted: 16 April,all,Glaxe,"Beside the expensive Halo Wars 2 which available on Pc/Windows this is a cheaper version of Halo you can get in you library of unplayed games... mostly. Well, the price is ok for a game to kill some free time when you got nothin else to do and that's about it."
,Recommended,277430,9726287,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Zveir,"As a person who's first video game ever was Halo:CE on the original Xbox 12 years ago in 2001, I've spent the majority of my hours in my gaming lifetime playing inside the Halo series. I've clocked about 7K hours total in all the Halo games combined, and I'm extremely critical of anything Halo. Unlike most I won't say no just because this game is not an FPS, but I will look at it as a game in general. Halo Spartan Assualt is a simple top-down shooter that was literally made to pass the time when you are bored. This game does not have much depth to it, the story is based around past battles in the Universe and all the missions are ""simulations"" as all the virtual walls surrounding your play area identify.Graphics - For a $5 game that is also a mobile game, this game is beautiful. The ground textures look crisp, the animations are stellar, and it does a pretty good job of keeping your eyes glued to the game. The character models are fairly good, however the Grunts and Elites don't exactly look like their FPS counterparts in terms of color. Most of the Grunts are Yellow, and most of the Elites are Purple(Based on how far I've gotten in the game so far, will update once 100% done). This ticks me off because in the FPS versions, Grunts are Orange and Elites are Blue. On the lowest rankings that is. As of now there are no Red/Black/Camo Elites, but there are Gold Elites and White Grunts though, so that's a change.Story - So far, there is little. The Story is based around the Covenant breaking the Treaty it has with the UNSC by invading Draetheus-V and it's moons. This game is set after the events of Halo 3, but prior to Halo 4. This is the answer as to why the UNSC and Covenant where fighting when Halo 4 began. I'll leave the small details to you. But on terms of levels, the levels are layed out as Operations, there are 5 Operations total, each having 6 Missions in them labeled as (Letter) - (Number) to keep this simple. In the beginning of each of those 5 Operations is a well done cut scene expalining the next bit of the story. They're rather short, but get the job done. There hasn't been any voice overs mid fight, or much explanation other than the caption in each Mission before you start playing(they are interesting to read if you know the Halo Universe through previous games/books). Those captions add new Characters we have not seen before, such as Spartan Davis. I'm disappointed in the story, but for a game like this that was not intended to be very story driven it is understandable.Gameplay - Ah, the important question. I'm not gonna lie, the gameplay is damn fun for this genre. This game has a solid feeling of when you hit something and when you do not, enemies respond accordingly to hits, and won't just immediately walk into your wall of fire from the UNSC/Covenant Turrets. Gameplay is fast and responsive, and it makes getting Killionaires and other high multi-kill medals fairly easy. One gripe is that there are missions where you actually do specific tasks like destroying AA-Wraiths or Escorting Wolverines, but there are others that have you survive for a certain period of time and wait until your ride comes to pick you up. In the mean time of that they throw countless enemies at you just to try to give you some entertainment. It felt like the Deadpool game in those moments(even though it was for only 3-4 minutes).Audio - I had to give this it's own segment, the audio in this game is amazeballs. It's really clear and great quality. But, they didn't keep all the original sounds from previous Halo games. The Shotgun sounds like something I've never heard before, and all the others sounds faintly similar to their FPS brothers. Obviously this is a different game, but it just didn't feel like Halo there.Final Thoughts - For $5 this game really is pretty damn good. It's not the usual Halo experience(neither was Halo Wars but I enjoyed that game too) however it gave a great experience with a good bit of fun to be had. For this price, it's an easy buy for any Halo fan that wants another taste of the series.8.5/10"
76561198124643562,Not Recommended,277430,13044792,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,King Doot,"Its just like Halo if you take away the first person view, alternating types of missions, engaging campaign, multiplayer, driving plot and enjoyability.  Other than those things its just like Halo."
,Recommended,277430,10942957,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,龍 Mao,"Halo Spartan Assult is the Steam version of the Windows 8/Windows Phone game, in which it's a top-down shooter. This is probably the place to get this game: Steam support, Trading Cards, it often goes on cheap sales and it has no microtransactions.I still can't believe this game doesn't have Multiplayer though (Like many other games like it). It's bite-sized and is a very small game (only 30 missions, each taking 1-5 minutes to finish each individual), and it's challenges don't give enough replayability.Good game if you want to play for a small sitting, but those expecting multiplayer and tons of arcade replayability will be disapointed."
,Not Recommended,277430,13608471,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nikolai,Cant teabag enemies. No multiplayer to kill n00bz and teabag them. I rate it moldy banana cheese muffin/10
,Not Recommended,277430,22992979,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Zeverus,"I have a few issues.1. The amount of exp you get per mission (just from running through) is barely enough to outfit your weaponry and I couldnt even do it once per game. This game is very short (for obvious reasons) so this is kind of crap and often found myself just sticking with the starting equips and picking up the covenant weapons in game. Not enough currency is given.2. No checkpoints. Missions are usually short yes but still, I had a few missions I got to the end only to be killed with one shot and have to completely restart.3. Even if it is a port of the mobile version the story is still pretty crap.4. Unable to wield energy swords. Like what."
,Not Recommended,277430,14519769,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sjam,NOT HALO
76561198118264827,Not Recommended,277430,10499221,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,wx75,"This is a game you'd find in a cereal box, it's that bad.It does not deserve the ""Halo"" name."
,Recommended,277430,11923803,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Chu4Lyfe,jeremy loves gears of war pc version.
,Not Recommended,277430,13294837,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,So far its not that good..
76561198047261249,Not Recommended,277430,18445607,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,4Torgny,"Useless piece of crap garbage♥♥♥♥♥♥ This unplayable trash game stinks, 10/10!"
76561198136092114,Recommended,277430,32844937,Posted: 27 June,all,bazza.kersh89,What can I say Halo is Halo.
76561198101775635,Recommended,277430,15905484,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ya Boi Ulysses,i cant get past the second level 10\10 would not get past second level again
76561198089834160,Recommended,277430,9727795,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,She is Aroused,"That feeling you get at the gym, that cummming feeling. That's the feeling i get when i play this game. i cumm day and night, my life is great"
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,277430,19307935,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,"Humdrum, boring, dull, tedious, monotonous, Halo: Spartan Assault."
,Recommended,277430,9728048,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Aegisfate,Absolutely amazing!
76561198115562175,Recommended,277430,9891471,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,xX_ZEEKE_Xx,for $5.00 it is a great game! good graphics and game content! the only problem i had with it is it lags here and there but other than that it's EPIC! I also want halo 3 and 4 on steam!
,Recommended,277430,9727872,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,The Dr.Pepper King,I got ran over by the truck i had to escort. 10/10
76561198077338981,Recommended,277430,11850874,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Th3BloodyMEX78,DAMNN!!!it is hard this game!!! I can not finish it at this time!!!!BUt really cool!
,Not Recommended,277430,9797233,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Kuzkula,"I purchased Halo: Spartan Assault and played it for about 20 minutes, and it is absolute -GARBAGE-. I can't stand the fact that I paid pretty much anything for this game. Microsoft is just trying to squeak a few dollars out of the halo fans, and the screenshots/videos made it look a lot better than it actually is.Graphics: It's meant to be played on a tablet. 'Nuff said.Sounds: The sounds you know and love, just very, very repetitive.Story: What?Gameplay: Simple, boring, repetitive missions. Got through the first 5 missions, each one was pretty much the same.Multiplayer: None. This would've been a saving grace, because then at least I'd be able to get drunk and play with my friends. There's not enough bourbon in the world to make this fun by yourself.Overall: 2/10. It's halo. It's same old same old, but with a lack of story and multiplayer, the only two things that keep Halo from bargian-bin material."
76561198024370367,Not Recommended,277430,13914371,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Thundar68,"Too easy to finish, no online capacity,  30 missions that you can do over and over and over and over again.  But hey, you gain XP to mod your guy to fight better and be high on the leader board.Neat perspective but I like games where is takes longer then 12 hours to beat a whole game."
,Recommended,277430,15434581,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kanan-Jarrus3244(BMGHunt3r),Really good and lots of fun ! :D
,Not Recommended,277430,13598556,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"It sucked.It was cheap due to sale.But really,♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198305274119,Not Recommended,277430,24503939,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ASIONTHATRULE,this game is brillant but my down side for this is that there is no coop so i can play with my friends. one of the reasons im not mad at this by is that well... it halo isnt it cant go wrong there. or can it
,Recommended,277430,27281973,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MasterChiefBrad,"good game, very entertaining"
,Recommended,277430,23353550,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,I never even played this game.
,Recommended,277430,20847329,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,BHWinkle,Fun game to play in your spare time :)
,Not Recommended,277430,20243713,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,⎛⎝⎠⎞([{DARKSTAR}])⎛⎝⎠⎞,cant play dont know why ;~;
,Not Recommended,277430,13088604,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Grunt,"Your player and enemies are too tiny, there is no Zoom function, it's unplayable."
,Recommended,277430,9742288,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Scotty,not halo 3
76561198071214132,Recommended,277430,9726439,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,FaZe Jibulus,"Finally an up to date Halo game on PC, it may not be up to the standards of previous Halo games but it is a good little game to go on if you get bored."
,Recommended,277430,9728308,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,RoyLegendz,I'm a Halo Fan !!! :DIts a good arcade game !I want the Halo Series on PC please !! :)
76561198074167196,Recommended,277430,9728510,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,TriniGamerDude,"As a big fan of the halo universe I am really glad to see a form of its timeline on steam, or PC for that matter.  It's a lot of fun and pretty addictive.  Smooth gameplay and rich colors.   This tells a story between Halo 3 and 4.  For this price... its a no brainer."
76561198026593260,Recommended,277430,9733230,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ut40kgeodav,"Just started, only played Halo 1 on the pc never had a console but i like the Halo universe so i though buy and support then hopefully some of the other Halo games may make it back to PCnot keen on the controls as i use a keyboard but i""ll stick with it and play it through should be fun anyway"
,Recommended,277430,9726168,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,TheNoNameGuy,Just a funny game
76561198117488181,Recommended,277430,9726858,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Ondrey,"If you like twin-stick shooters and Halo, you cannot go wrong with this one (especially when the price is this low)."
76561198077095055,Recommended,277430,9727027,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!!! At first I thought it was really short and I got sad but then I realized that there are like 6 CHAPTERS and each one gets harder and more fun!!! Really great game and WAYYYYYY worth $5!! Overall 9.5/10!!!!!
,Recommended,277430,9728471,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,CakeSpy,Short and sweat game with nice art. Well worth $5.
76561197971258059,Recommended,277430,9729417,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MuddyOne,Cool new upgrade to arcade shooter style.
,Recommended,277430,9731716,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,tridman,"For five bucks you can buy a beer and 20 minutes of fun... or buy this game and have hours of fun!Even if you only play through once, well worth the money. The graphics and story are surprisingly very good."
,Recommended,277430,10163965,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,AssAssin7998,Good GameMake Halo 3 For PC Pls
,Not Recommended,277430,9784134,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,altt acc,Not Halo 3.
76561198065672167,Not Recommended,277430,9801914,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,UnDead_N7_Spectre,can't play it. for some reason i can't select anything on the menu at all. my controller and keyboard won't respond.
76561198085161520,Not Recommended,277430,11932737,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,rgs_little-t,this game is sooo bad
,Not Recommended,277430,17188444,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,OfficialTron117,"This game is just another reason that proves Microsoft and 343 Industries are some of the most boneheaded video game makers on the planet!Instead of doing the smart and right thing of putting a premade Halo game like the PC ports of 1 and 2 (hell put 3 on here) with free multiplayer onto steam, 343 decided to ♥♥♥♥ the players once again and say ""NO! Lets be TOTAL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the Halo PC community and make a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game just for the PC cause we're too ♥♥♥♥ing busy to put Halo PC on steam and way to ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to make it without XBOX LIVE!""pros:-don't get me wrong its a Halo game-good story i guess-somewhat nice graphicscons:-i know this game was meant for mobile devices but the top-down thing was just pathetic!-the NPCs are some of the ♥♥♥♥♥est I've ever seen-the controls are ♥♥♥♥ed up AF-just all kinds of wrongThe bottom line is this game was a fail in my eyes just as Halo 4 was in my eyes. Maybe if this was a FPS and had multiplayer i'd like it better, but i will not like a Halo game on Steam until that game rhymes with Halo: Combat Evolved, Halo 2, Halo 3, Halo 4, Halo: Reach, Halo 3: ODST, HELL EVEN HALO WARS WOULD BE GOOD ON STEAM.Microsoft needs to stop ♥♥♥♥ing up..."
76561198110016525,Not Recommended,277430,31546421,Posted: 4 May,all,Thatoneoctopus,"The worst is that i bought this game for the multiplayer, and i found out it was Xbox exclusive... BOWLING! Really microsoft the only things youve realesed for the pc in the halo franchise! Are bad halo games! Its just a top down shooter that took a bit of cannon and a bit of BS, slapped it together and made the worst! I feel ashamed that i bought this ugly excuse for a halo game when i was 12 years old (even though im almost 15, its like 3 years later.) and enjoyed it! there are some challenges but the good weapons? they are nowhere! they can only be bought with points! I now notice that the halo franchise is digging in the wrong way and i thing you should have left it with reach!WHAT I GIVE THIS GAME:'Id rather eat♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,277430,12165755,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Branless Ape,I would recommend this game but it is constantly crashing when I try to start missions
76561198160852832,Recommended,277430,30330456,Posted: 4 March,all,Big Daddie Boat Dick,All around me are minecraft utubers Hide yo kids cuz they like em young
,Recommended,277430,9740688,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,about 47 t-rexes,"I really liked this. Sure, its a big change from the other Halo games, but it is still great. gameplay wise, it is fun and smooth, and it is intersting to see the different weapons reimagined. Also, if you played Halo 4 like me, i never thought Sara Palmer was that cool, but after this i do. The various achievments, scoring system, and ""side objectives"" can provide hours of replay  value. And for the love of God its only $5. What Halo fan wouldn't try it out for that price?"
,Recommended,277430,31414240,Posted: 28 April,all,i am sam,A 3 Dollar Game that lasts a good 6 Hours? A 3 Dollar Halo game? Without reasonable doubt is worth buying.
,Recommended,277430,9768375,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ZackTheKid,"I would rate this a 8.5/10, i really enjoy the game, its a game sort of like HALO wars, but better. IT sticks with spartan ops in HALO 4, plus it would seem like it would go with the side mission sort of thing with HALO 5. Only downside is that theres no multiplayer (Which i could see why) and no co-op, so you and your friend cant play together on campaign."
,Recommended,277430,11908808,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Lord Bailey,"It's a fun game and I'd buy it when it's on sale.You go though missions and it has a story line which is nice, The fighting can be a bit ruff to get used to at start but over time this will become more natural. You can pick up guns,gernade and power ups. You can use gun turrents both human and alien which is nice. You can drive tanks which is cool. Sometimes the missions fill a bit empty but over all it's a fun experience.Shift switches weapons and ctrl switches gernade type. <- want to point that out cause it took me a bit to figure it out.I like the upgrade system but I wish it was more in depth then just having to buy the same power up over and over with exp.Co-op would have been nice to see and even some basic team death matches would have been cool.Over all it's a good game and great for any halo fan."
,Recommended,277430,17905362,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Hpex,It's halo on pc 11/10
,Recommended,277430,17961544,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Top down twin stick shooterMore (all) Halo games on Steam!
,Recommended,277430,18016655,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,sleepypasha,nice game for free time
,Not Recommended,277430,17717796,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Wheatley,"Since I play the first time this game I liked the game. But after a short time and some missions it was boring and play alone doesn't bring very much fun. The game is though good, but it's a boring game, in my opinion.  I got this game since I saw this game had been released for free in a certainly time and I thought I take this now, but it was a fault. But it's only my opinion. Who think the game is good then I don't have problem with the meanings of them 'cause this is just my meaning."
76561198223711588,Recommended,277430,17890373,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,thimiraamara,Gives the Halo feeling in a much simpler scale. Awesme :)
76561198131152580,Recommended,277430,17935910,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MR.J,Not the worst Halo game i've played but nothing crazy special about it.
,Not Recommended,277430,9728021,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ChineseCowBaby,"This is a very good game to play casual. Quick to play and very fluid. Little replay value. Controls are easy to remember. Wish it had a multiplayer feature though. Honestly, it was ported off a mobile game. I wouldn't pay $5 for this. MAYBE 99 cetnts, like most moblie apps, but not $5. Also, I dislike the top-down style. Top-down isn't Halo. Halo is a first-person shooter. They went off the deep-end and drowned with this game.6/102nd Edit: Switched from positive review to negative and added more detail after I played a bit more.3rd Edit: These microtransactions are not ideal, and I wish you kept the upgrades you bought throughout the game. At least it's not real money."
76561198047566571,Not Recommended,277430,9728984,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Golden Boy,"Havent put that much time into it but all it seems to be is a very bland topdown twinstick shooter. looks awful, plays basic. Nothing new."
76561198203240241,Not Recommended,277430,26072734,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,OppressedButton^2,"Clearly just a cash grab. Gameplay is generally boring, even frustrating most of the time. The only good thing about this is the soundtrack. If they added a survival mode it would be fun but I doubt 343 has any intentionts of supporting this game at all. Like I said, just a cash grab."
,Recommended,277430,9727938,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Sylveonica,It's a Halo title...Therefore it's impossible for it to be a bad game.
,Not Recommended,277430,30563268,Posted: 16 March,all,Lord Beerus,This game is meant for tablets.
76561198015844889,Not Recommended,277430,32158838,Posted: 3 June,all,Franky,game just does not run on windows 10... everything was fine update my windows 7 to 10 and this game just stop working for some reason... try to look it up. nothing change. im not the only one who got this problem too... please try to fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But yeah if it work for you its a great game! but i havent had a respond from anybody about this problem and it doesnt seem it can be fix so yeah... just a useless game in my inventory...
,Not Recommended,277430,33224124,Posted: 4 July,all,Kurogachii,"Repetitive, clunky controls and short.I'm not a halo fan, but even if you are one, i really can't recommend this game, the interface is disgusting, it gives it a ""android game"" vibe to it.in terms of ""story"" and ""soundtrack"" are nothing special either.And this is one of those games were the shooting feels pretty weak and doesn't have a punch in it.- 3/5 Mediocre."
76561198028263926,Not Recommended,277430,14449230,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mr Lawson,"If you play Lara Croft: Guardians of Light and swap out Lara for a Spartan and remove the climbing mechanic then you have Spartan Assault. While this game is clearly an ios port, and don't get me wrong I have nothing against that, it doesn't stand up to games of a similar play style hence the comparision to Guardians of Light. To put it simply this is a quick and boring game. Halo fans might get something out of it but I believe they will be in the minority. Games like this are meant to be played in 5 minute blasts while waiting for a bus and when you port games like that onto PC or consoles then they become quick and uninteresting because they're not designed to hold your attention for long periods. That being said I picked this up for about 50p so on that basis it's good.Oh and it has some of the worst handling vehicles I have ever come across. It is mind numbingly bad and rage inducing when sucide grunts are storming your tank while you figure out what buttons you need to press this time in order to reverse.Check out my Youtube channel for new lets plays every Monday and Fridayhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2l1zwMcpJm_hJq4owO3nHg"
,Recommended,277430,12628310,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,zach,This is the BEST GAME EVER. Please update this for coop and make halo 3
,Not Recommended,277430,10538346,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,mopfmj,it starts ok then its becomes a deffence game but with guns its best for mobile
,Not Recommended,277430,16318153,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TheHarbinger,"NOT a real HALO game. I did not realize this, as it doesn't have it in the description when I bought it. If you are expecting a good HALO spinoff FPS game, this is not it. This is a weak sauce top-down shooter. 0/10 do not reccomend."
,Recommended,277430,9727281,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,A Ninny Ass Narc,"If you don't like Halo, please unfriend me now."
76561198134190094,Recommended,277430,30498080,Posted: 13 March,all,cdr_cade,This game is AWESOME the story is good its not in first-person but its still fun.I am going to give it a 10 out of 10. I hope this review was helpful
76561198131984222,Recommended,277430,9726011,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,LYNDEN,"This game is awesome, highest standard graphics for a top down shooter. Sophisticated level integration."
76561197977744657,Not Recommended,277430,11918207,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,MagicSquid,"Ugh, this is bad."
76561198006026325,Not Recommended,277430,10990508,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Warriorsfury,No
,Not Recommended,277430,12445397,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fumbledump,could be a good game?
,Not Recommended,277430,9937860,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,konkle the hedgehog,it sucks
,Not Recommended,277430,11918154,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Cake,Bad. It's just not halo. Don't buy...
,Recommended,277430,10977053,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","Bought it in anticipation of getting a discount for owning it if and when Halo 3/Halo Master Chief edition comes to PC (if it doesn't come to PC I will light things on fire).I didn't expect the game to be any good, but it's pretty fun. Has a Halo 1 feeling as opposed to a Halo 4 vibe. The game has great sound, something that you notice when you aren't poor and have a fancy sound card. Graphics are pretty meh but that doesn't matter considering it's an isometric shooter. Best mobile port to PC I've played since Dead Effect."
76561198120737188,Recommended,277430,23474198,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Arkirrir,"So cool, so cool!"
,Recommended,277430,18008551,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Starscape,Alright so  listen up scrubs. I bought this game for coop and I didnt read the page so yeah but I am a freaking pro at it so here are some dank tips to be a good Spartan such as myself.1. Protein2. Protein3. Protein4. Protien5. Protein6. Go Back and between all steps do Squats.Now you are Super SoldierGGNO RE8/8buy my shirtsplzhave good day
,Not Recommended,277430,24303943,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FedEx,"This game needs local multi-player and controler support. Without these two things, this is just a mobile game poorly ported to the PC. I regret buying it."
,Recommended,277430,9731404,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,jajajoe,I am a Really big Fan of the halo series and when i heard a halo game was comig to steam i was so excited but when i heard it was spartan asaut i was unsure but now i hve it its just amazing
76561198063950254,Recommended,277430,9724875,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Legendary Pickle,"Having just played the tutorial, I highly this game. For 5 bucks you will get chaotic gun fights while being completely outnumbered. If you are a Halo fan, this is a short but sweet game. Graphics look great, gameplay reminds me of Smash TV. You will not be disappointed. I have been playing the Xbox One vervsion and figured for 5 bucks to play on steam is a worthy  purchase. Halo Fans..rejoice  in its glory!Update: Another thing i like is the NPCs on your side fighting with you. Although they are useless in combat, it gives you the impression you are in the middle of the chaotic war. Play on"
,Recommended,277430,9725905,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ColumbusPig,"No reviews, ok im the first. Ok I have always been a fan of the halo series. But this game isnt that halo. I mean its a great game and worth 5 dollars but it doesnt feal halo. If you are considering buying this. Do it. I loved it, it has alot of replayability. This is a great game though. 4.5/5 the ranks are fun too. Acheivements they make sense. Leaderboards add more to the challenge after perfecting the game."
,Recommended,277430,9726886,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Koopol,Not bad.
76561198074235961,Not Recommended,277430,11771312,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Troutathan,this game is great and all but u need windows 8 to play this that wasnt included in the requirements i want my money back!
76561198079472350,Not Recommended,277430,9801403,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,yeah,I HATE THIS GAME SOO MUCH JESUS CHRIST JUST ♥♥♥♥ING MAKE A HALO 3 PORT
,Not Recommended,277430,24117545,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"Hadn't realised this was ported from mobile, but it shows. Average twin stick shooter that will probably only appeal to Halo fans (which I'm not)."
76561198174672895,Not Recommended,277430,14204508,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BlueShorts,I CANT EVEN PLAY!! The game goes noresposive just as I try to initiate the mission. Looks like I wasted my money. Thanks a lot 343 and thanks for nothing Steam. I Demand a REFUND
76561198023510897,Not Recommended,277430,12305682,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,angry waffle,boring sucks doesnt give many options very very linear
,Recommended,277430,16046903,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,♌BᵘᶜᵏᵉᵗHᵉᵃᵈ,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Not Recommended,277430,24348486,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Central Dakota,"No!Why this game was released for the price that it is, I don't know. I thought the hateful reviews were all just haters making every flaw stand out, but there are so many flaws. All of them stand out.First few seconds into the game, you know it's crap. You accept that it's crap, and you continue playing it for a while longer hoping that it will get more fun. Itdoesn'tA Few Reasons Why This Game SucksGraphics are terribleGameplay is simpleCombat is unnecessarily easyAI can't think for themselvesThe Magnum got nerfed. In other words, it shoots super slow and feels like a marshmellow gun on anything stronger then a grunt. Not to mention it's short range. It's bullets literally disappear after going five feet away.No reloading (now this could be considered a good thing, but it takes away from the game). Having an endless clip makes the game feel, well, weird.Your gun doesn't point to where you're aiming until you shoot.Raising your gun to shoot takes too long. They've literally already reached cover by the time the first bullet reaches their old position.And these are just the ones that I can think of off the top of my head!There are way to many flaws to consider this a completed game."
,Not Recommended,277430,25085038,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",basically alien swarm but boring
,Recommended,277430,9809294,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,☭TSAR_,"I honestly think this game is much worse then the other Halos, but this is still very good.But let's look at the pros and cons:Pros:• The game is a Birds Eye-View Shooter, which is a debatable pro to some people.• Gives a taste of the Halo universe to the Steam platform.• Not a generic title trying to relate to the other halos.Cons:• It's not first person like the other Halos, me myself I enjoy first person the most, yet I do enjoy top-down. It's debatable.• It isn't very much like the other Halos, GUI is a bit different, music is a little different, as well as gameplay.And that's about it, I think I would rate this game at a 8/10(simplified 4/5). It's simply a good game, yet we would like to see better.And my personal note to Bungie: It was a stupid decision to sell the Halo title to 343 Industries, they ruined it in Halo 4.And my personal note to both Companies( 343 and bungie ): Please, make a port for Halo 3 with Multiplayer for Steam, everyone is wanting it, me myself would wish you guys would convert Halo 2 to Steam instead of Games For Windows Live. GFWL has horrible server stability, when Steam and Valve servers have much more stable and compact servers."
,Not Recommended,277430,11927624,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jig McGalliger,"A decent game, super cheap, sadly there is no coop enabled here like there is on other platforms,"
76561198012872922,Recommended,277430,26677082,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,y
76561198045464306,Recommended,277430,16852359,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Stargatemunky,Not half bad. Kinda does what I expected in a halo setting. Some of the skulls make little intuitive sense but essentially this is a nice easy tablet quality game that you can play for 15 minutes or so.
,Not Recommended,277430,9727479,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,Not a whole lot to complain about but it's also not very fun at all.
,Not Recommended,277430,9733624,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Bishop,"A cool game with an arcade type style, the game mechanics run smooth other then the Scorpian tanks which can be tricky to drive. Graphics are decent but the game play is kinda rededative and the details about the game arent as I was expecting, You don't actually make a Spartan or customize it, your only options for customising are your primary and secondary weapon along with any kinda booster and active item. I jumped into the game thinking I could actually make my own spartan which would be cool and join other players in pvp or pve. You just play tactics on different spartans who apperenlty exsisted. For the price its an alright game if you dont mind replaying the same missions that are easy-hard to beat depending on the amount of score you want at the end. I'd rather keep my money if I knew the game was at all like this."
76561198060622168,Recommended,277430,9726494,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Platinummatthew,"Halo Spartan Assault, is short, very very short. okay, let's get on to the rest of the review. Spartan Assault takes place between Halo 3 and Halo 4, you play as Spartan Palmer and Spartan Davis, protecting Draetheus V from a Covenant rebel invasion. Forgetible plot. The Original Quake had a better story. So this game is a top down shooter, it plays nicely. WASD to move, and mouse to aim. Alot of the guns are full auto, before you start a mission, yoy can change your loadout, with XP points you get for playing, there is a sniper rifle (Thankfully is not full auto) , spartan laser and and a full auto rocket luancher... WTF. Armor ablilities, and sadly no reloading, what is this, Doom? It sounds like i hate this game, i like it! its short, but fun! The mission can be dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥however. like ""STAY AT YOUR POSITION FOR X AMOUNT OF TIME AND WAIT FOR X, AND FIGHT OFF COVENANT"" it's annoying, but decent. The game is 4.99, alot of value! 7/10Microsoft, Please Bring Halo 3 To PC, Its Time."
,Not Recommended,277430,12441878,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bukkake Baby Shower,P.O.S (piece of shiiiite)
76561198081109465,Recommended,277430,9744657,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,WonderWombat,"I was curious when I first saw this on Steam. Since it had the Halo name I knew I had to buy it and try it out, and for $4.99 there wasn't much to lose. For that price it is well worth it. The gameplay is solid and everything runs smoothly does what you tell it to do without any problems. There is also some variety in weapons and vehicles so don't expect to just use and assault rifle and walk around the whole time. The artwork and cutscenes are done well and it adds more lore to the Halo Universe so if you are interested in that this could be enticing. There are some other features like leaderboards that add replayability.While I doubt any new Halo games like Halo 5 or the rumored Halo 2 Anniversary will be on Steam hopefully in the future more Halo games will be available on the PC."
76561198020085437,Recommended,277430,9733949,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nokzen,"So far it seems like a very fun little game, i just started it and have done the first 4 missions, but so far im having fun, I will recommend this no problem.Here is my first gameplay experience.http://youtu.be/0YUj1KWbFxg"
,Not Recommended,277430,13593920,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WorkingClassHero,Plays like a glorified flash game
,Recommended,277430,15473018,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Shootergod(GM),A very good game to play for Halo fans. Highly recommended!
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,277430,25387390,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,"a port from tablets, that is all. also those guys are definitely not from ancient greece."
,Recommended,277430,12508129,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,🎉,cool as other MS games
,Recommended,277430,9727257,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Noob,Got run over by the npc who I was suppose to protect.
,Not Recommended,277430,30886554,Posted: 1 April,all,∆rvilla,"As a massive Halo fan, I really really wanted to love this game. But I just can't. The control scheme is awful and very hard to control, (especially in vehicles) and the game can be very unresponsive at times. Also, the minimap is awful! I lost a mission and had to restart the whole thing because the ♥♥♥♥ing enemy icon on their excuse for a minimap kept moving erratically. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,277430,11112303,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,D4RTHM4T3R,Largest. Disappointment. Ever.
76561198172714609,Not Recommended,277430,24963023,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,candtripley,says it stoped working so i cant  PLAYYYY.
76561198065704821,Not Recommended,277430,15423264,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Jacy Kururugi,It's not halo 3.
,Not Recommended,277430,18023767,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Vic Rattlehead,Give us Halo 3.
76561198080087694,Not Recommended,277430,9728495,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ThePurpleSquirrel,"This game is good for the price (since the windows store is $7), but has MAJOR BUGS. if the bugs are fixed it would be much better. And What I mean by bugs is when you load the game upp you MUST have a controller to start and when you select it it freezes. Not to mention when you go to settings or single player or what ever and you return to the main menu it won't let you select an option"
,Not Recommended,277430,9736583,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Sofacykel,"I immediately bought this game when I saw Halo in the title. Regretfully it's one of the worse purchases I've made.It runs like junk on integrated GPU's (tested with HD4000 in 1080p) even though it's originally a game for smartphones. Just saying.. If you have a beefier GPU there will be no problems, but it shouldn't be necessary seeing the graphical fidelity of this title. Options menu lacks a bit, and the menus in general are quite annoying to navigate.The most important thing for me though, since this game lacks in so many aspects: I'm not having fun, not having a laugh, not having a good time, not having a blast - not even remotely. The game itself is VERY dull and OBVIOUSLY catered towards casual smartphone gamers. It just lacks the soul of the entire franchise.If you're looking for a PC game with PC values, avoid this. If you're looking for a mindnumbing waste of time, play Bejeweled instead, it's a lot more satisfying..If you want an assesment of what this game has to offer from another, more positive viewpoint, I recommend you go watch TotalBiscuit's 'WTF is...' about the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF1EA71nDA4Educate yourselves before you toss your money at something. Don't make the same mistake I did."
76561198007271476,Not Recommended,277430,9748699,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jacaron99,"This game SUCKS! The gameplay rotten! The story Terrible! The AI is so easy to kill so the devs say ""I know lets make the guns suck to level it out!"" The game lasts only 2 hours but for £4 thats alright. The game also has good tanks but since there is no difficulty settings anywhere the enemy tank are like lego! The ending is a vertical line upwards in difficulty and the end cutscene is terrible! The turrets are overpowered nearly 1 shot kill. There is no character development at all. The friendly AI is so overpowered they keep taking your kills meaning you don't get points for them meaning getting gold star ranking is near impossible. The graphics are slightly above average so that's good.The gun buying system is so bad that they are overpowered but are horribly overpriced, the cheapest thing is 250 XP but for each level you get an average of 50, meaning that to insta-kill the boss , (which there is only 1 by the way),you need to pay every level and get a silver ranking.The cutscenes in the game are so boring you just want to skip them instantly. My score for this curse of a game is a 2.5/10 no no a 1.5/10 absolutly terrible do not buy this game! Review by JACARON99 (Cosmic JACARON)"
76561197971854153,Not Recommended,277430,9733681,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,zoiks,"Perhaps I am writing this because I am concerned - Perhaps I am writing this because I am angry. Any way you slice it, I am an unsatisfied customer. I have many games on steam which require a hefty and well maintained computer with respect to drivers. I play COD: Ghosts with high settings with out problem. Tomb Raider plays at a very high frame rate with settings on max. My computer is not the issue.However, when I launch Halo: Spartan Assault, the game loads the splash screens, intro movie clips, then brings up a screen waiting for my input of choice. There, the game seems to lock up. I cannot select any option with the keyboard, mouse or Xbox 360 Controller.I cannot get passed this screen, and therefore cannot even load the game. This is unacceptable.I will be seeking how to get my money back. Save yours and skip this title."
,Recommended,277430,11131599,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,diversity is white genoside,man they best rename this♥♥♥♥♥♥to GAYLO: Spartan Assault
76561198161787634,Not Recommended,277430,34317679,Posted: 17 August,all,waleedtime,This game feels more like League of Legends than it does Halo.
76561198062469063,Not Recommended,277430,11847734,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Mr Minalga,NO COOP ARE YOU INSANE.
,Recommended,277430,9726338,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nhaselton,"Meh, Its alrightFIRST REVIEW!!!"
,Recommended,277430,11869611,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Johnnycakes,"Halo is so ♥♥♥♥ing cool bro.  I love Halo.  They release a Halo, I buy it.  I buy it on XBOX.  I buy it on Playstation.  I buy it on Mobile.  I buy it on Steam.  Halo was the first FPS, every other game is trash.  Halo."
,Recommended,277430,11060461,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JeffTheNoodles,5 dollars with lots of features :D this game deserves 11/10 for non-stop fun and actions (y)
,Not Recommended,277430,28212836,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TBomb,Terrible game.
76561198136959008,Not Recommended,277430,24203631,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zukee,"Insipid piece of crap should of just stayed on the mobile phone.It failed in every possible way and nothing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ me off more than the fact the levels were so ******* tiny, pitiful and just flat out meaningless. \Even the so called positive reviews admit this game is a peice of crap. Just because you 'only' had to pay $5 for it doesn't mean you should let it off the hook. Ive spent 75 cents on one game that is 100x better than this.Grow some balls and tell the real truth.The only reason i got this game and finished it is because it had 'Halo' in the title. That's it.All this game did for me is just prove that top down shooters are so lame they can even ruin something as great as HaloTL;DRI should of been payed $5 to play this piece of ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,277430,9747188,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,HARMONY the cake hunter,not halo 3
,Not Recommended,277430,9735068,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,OL' Slackjaw,Not a halo game. i want my five dollars back!!
,Not Recommended,277430,12604092,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,R△TM△N,Poo
,Not Recommended,277430,24801928,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,CommanderAd | 1805 |,Ahhh yet another disrepectful game to the Halo series where to start...343IndustriesI rest my case.
,Recommended,277430,9731533,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Legitti,Awesome. Simple & Awesome.
76561198203184918,Not Recommended,277430,30230182,Posted: 27 February,all,Dr. Gordtλn Freλkmλn,"Halo ce, 2, 3, and reach were good halo games (4 and 5 take out the halo feel), except when it came to spartan strike and assault. I know its not on xbox and it can't be easy for a pure xbox game to be on other devices but this game is trash. One of the missions (either on Assault or strike) the marines just run you over with a car. The npcs have little or no ai and it is just a bad halo game. But I can recomend it to people who play over head shooter games but for anyone who has played the original list of halo games I can't reccomend this to you."
76561197968439787,Not Recommended,277430,33639222,Posted: 18 July,all,PROSATANOS PL,Mediocre. Lacks pretty much everything a good shooter should have. Can't recommend this.
,Recommended,277430,9725722,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Paradise Decay,"Although I'm a PC gamer I am a big fan of halo, played them all on Xbox and this is surprisingly very good. Having a blast so far!"
76561198203134675,Not Recommended,277430,26095456,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Starfiregaming322,i wont work.
,Not Recommended,277430,32579387,Posted: 19 June,all,cxza\\HM01urself,I absolutely love halo but games owned by microsoft should work on their operating systemsI have refunded the game and hope microsoft will eventually bring real halo games to steam instead of cheap cash grabs which hardly work on their own systems
,Not Recommended,277430,11868538,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Volvagia,"Warning: Never buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by any cirumstances, I am a Halo fan and this is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,277430,12642136,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Super Taster,Never buy this. Even if you love Halo. No fun only tears.
76561198073174115,Not Recommended,277430,12520467,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sugarplum Princess,i have taken ♥♥♥♥♥ that were more fun than this game
,Recommended,277430,25451203,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
76561198011761258,Not Recommended,277430,29245553,Posted: 14 January,all,g_dionne,I've played the first 2 Halo before. Best games I've ever played. I wish they were available on Steam.
76561198079239456,Not Recommended,277430,9730422,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Barrack Obama,it helps if you can move you mouse
12345665432178987,Not Recommended,277430,33682668,Posted: 20 July,all,Meh,bad overall and has an impossible mission and is not worth old price it was 5$
,Not Recommended,277430,22733684,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Real Shibe,This is trash dont get it pls think of the money.
76561198115563653,Not Recommended,277430,33899380,Posted: 30 July,all,Dr. Feelgooden,Waste of time and money.
76561198274266828,Not Recommended,277430,33563233,Posted: 15 July,all,Lethal Sushi,This game is bad not fun at all in my opinion!!!
,Not Recommended,277430,9733129,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kerberos,Move using ASWD??!??!? What is this - 1994? And no option to map keys to a way that is more useful? Get with the program and learn how to make a character move by point and click in this type of shooter - bad!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,277430,33970051,Posted: 2 August,all,Charmenk,Underdeveloped game with no ambient gameplay.
76561198117497912,Not Recommended,277430,12896289,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ToxicWolfGirl,I HATE IT its boring :(
,Not Recommended,277430,9736125,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Corrosion,noooo....just nooooo
,Not Recommended,277430,9725494,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,JABBA69R,Game get boring really fast is not even a challege AI is really bad not worth the £4 or $5
,Not Recommended,277430,23677107,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,d-block,Awful game.
,Not Recommended,277430,28480355,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,loomin,I love this game so much it's my favourite game
,Not Recommended,277430,23502066,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,AlfieH,no
,Not Recommended,277430,25425389,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dr.WizBiz,Some dude made a Halo game for iphone and people liked it then thay ported the iphone verson to PC and xbone... :|   Should have stayed an iphone game.My friend gifted me this game when it was on sale for 0.60 or 0.50 cents thank god he got it for a very low price or i would have been deeply ashamed of him. But other thin that I give this game a 4/10
,Not Recommended,277430,26023676,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Shrayzer,"no fun, waste money. f-uck!"
76561198230951896,Not Recommended,277430,30917012,Posted: 2 April,all,pyrosbiggestfan,"THIS IS A ♥♥♥♥ING MOBILE GAME BILL, NOT A GAME MADE FOR PC OR CONCOLE, IF U WANT ME TO LOVE HALO WHY DONT U RELSSE THE ACTUL GAME NOT SOME SHITY CASH GRAB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! U HAVE ENOUGH MONEY ALREADY, plz avoid thios game it is more of a flash game, i have more time in on this game than it says"
76561198169319863,Not Recommended,277430,26547297,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ruski_m8,personally i dont like it compared to the legit halo. would not buy if you like fps.
,Not Recommended,277430,23603191,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DEREX,another big fat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from 343Those people who made this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥are the same people who enjoy watching Justin biber music videosMicrosoft PLease Sue them or kill themI dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥as long as you remove them from the glorious face of earth
76561198113368675,Recommended,277430,10431140,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Andy,Well I was really wishing for Halo wars but no it wasn't really like it...but for 5 bucks if you're bored and have nothing else to do go ahead and buy it. It's not bad.
76561198062924253,Not Recommended,277430,9727813,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Goldengladiator,"oh, ok, a halo game that's a top-down shooter... this isn't cannon, is it? I really hate top-down shooters."
,Recommended,277430,10494595,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ROAST,I really like FPS games but this is a very well done over the top shooter.  Fluid and great graphics and music.  Its easy to get sucked into this one for sure!  Def worth the low asking price.  Cant wait for another FPS Halo for PC!
76561198042018420,Recommended,277430,10178904,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,lolslayer,"well, it isn't the biggest game you can find on steam, you can finish this game in less then 5 hours. BUT there are many levels and the levels are pretty creative every time. It's just delicious only looking at the graphics and the 3d of the game and it has a fun and easy way to control your person. The game is fun to play and there are still 30 levels what is much for a mobile game. My 5 euros i spend on this game are well spend."
,Recommended,277430,10184059,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,PlastikRoses,I like how this game gave me a new perspective of the Halo franchise the 3rd Person over look is great and reminds me of Halo: Wars. I HOPE there is DLC to this game because the Campaign was just too short. It is an addictive game and gives insite to Halo 4. Only con to this game are the controls which did not seem too smoth. But meh MINOR PROBLEM! Overall 4 out of 5 from me!
,Recommended,277430,10197205,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,purpenuk,"Love the game so far, great to see a Halo game on Steam. I'd buy them all if Microsoft released them this way. Bring on 1,2,3 ODST, reach and even Halo Wars. I'd never leave the house ;)"
76561198074828829,Recommended,277430,10348903,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,rikkuedo,All I see are complaints that it's not an FPS. WHO CARES. It gets most of the main series' aspects down correctly and puts it's own unique twist on them.My only complaint is it's somewhat low replay valure. Skulls and acheivements being the gist of it.
76561198034310856,Recommended,277430,10327091,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[XVI]HellBlade64,"If you like Halo, then chances are slim that you might like this, but being a fan of Halo for as long as the game has been out, I can let this slide. It's fun to play, akthough it really does beg for Multiplayer."
76561198101868356,Not Recommended,277430,10374353,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,dmdordy,it lust lag most of thw time and crach
,Recommended,277430,10377643,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SageWD,"In the field of console gaming, exclusives reign king. They are the main reason to get them, after all. Games like Zelda, Halo, and The Last of Us are console-defining experiences that encourage players to pick up and purchase. However, with the Halo franchise, it hasn't always een this way. The original Halo, for example, was originally meant to be a PC and Mac exclusive, until Microsoft bought Bungie. But with Halo 1 and 2, they deviated to PC versions, allowing a larger playerbase to access these fantastic experiences. However, now?With the releases of Halo 3, Wars, ODST, 4, and upcoming 5, PC players have been left in the dark. The only non-Xbox exclusive entry in the franchise was Halo: Spartan Assault. You could pick it up on Windows tablets, and later Windows 8, for a small price. It was extremely different - no first person shooting, no sweeping soundtrack and amazing story. However, an announcement came later. It was going to be ported to Steam for a mere $5.For $5, you are getting an extremely solid game. With extremely well scaled and optimized graphics - that don't fail to disappoint at high settings, by the way - and great gameplay using a Keyboard and Mouse combination, one can't argue against it being a good port. Not only that, but you are also getting a full Steam experience. Trading cards, Steamworks, cloud, leaderboards, achievments... a fantastic PC experience.But a great port means nothing if the game itself is bad. But luckily for us, that isn't the case. The story spans multiple chapters, and each chapter has 5 levels. The levels themselves are short but sweet, and they always strike the perfect balance between challenge and ease. If you want to increase the level of difficulty, just add some ""skulls"" - variables that up the difficulty while giving you extra experience points to unlock weapons. The controls are silky smooth no matter the method, and the UI is extremely solid.Overall, for $5 non-sale, there are few better deals on Steam. At this point, I would give it a solid 9/10 for the price. But that isn't the only reason to invest in it. As I mentioned earlier, this is the only Halo game brought to the PC in a long time. Every single purchase of this game made on Steam will most likely shift Microsoft's opinion on porting more Halo experiences. And, honestly, who here doesn't want Halo 3 or Halo Wars on PC?Waits.That's what I though.I would recommend a purchase, and I hope you all have a good day."
76561198136045158,Recommended,277430,10359945,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,beatlemania1648,"I love this game! Its kind of shortish, but for 5 bucks its amazing! I do think it is a little hard to control with a mouse so i recommend a pc game controller or something like that."
,Recommended,277430,10433298,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Henryo,"I don't know if it's because I'm a crazy Halo fan or not, but I would have been willing to buy this game for more than five dollars. The revival of Bungie's vidmaster challenges, a XP system with a gambling edge, and the well designed scoring system are my personal favorite parts of this game, but there is a lot more to it. The game is not very challenging in its original state which appeals to casual gamers, but the addition of skulls can make the game a lot more challenging for more hardcore players. Most of the achievements feel like real accomplishments, which is something a lot of games need these days. The missions are disappointingly short, but the quantity of missions makes it less noticable. These are just a few of the reasons why this game is surprisingly good, and that's why I recommend it."
,Recommended,277430,10394599,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Flare,"One of the Only Halo Game On Steam Lets Pc Players Experience The Halo Universe,"
76561198084984286,Recommended,277430,10057656,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,M@,REALLY FUN BETTER THAN EXPECTED
,Recommended,277430,10242883,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,great game for the price
,Recommended,277430,10156804,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Tym17Aero,"As a halo fan i can't say i don't like this game and anyway i don't , i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. now if steams wants to make more money they should bring back the old halos and maybe get xbox exclusives halos like reach or halo 3, odst"
76561197987237619,Recommended,277430,10158068,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[ZiiP] SUPER.HOT,"Can't understand why some people whine about this game.It's £3.99, I'm half way through according to the campaign tracker which equates to 2+hours of gameplay. I've paid £3.99 for a lot of things, very few of them have given me more than 2+hours of enjoyment.This game reminds me a lot of Future Cop LAPD in terms of how it controls and plays but is painted Halo. The missions are short, mostly quite easy but occasionally mildly challenging. It looks Halo, it plays Halo (I was really surprised at how close they've managed to get the enemies moving and acting like the fully fledged game)I've spent £30 on games I've played for less than an hour, even some I've played for more than an hour and had far less enjoyment.Main negative: Reminds me that Microsoft are so resistant to bring Halo to the PC market."
,Recommended,277430,10161363,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,mar3620,aWESOME
76561198100095750,Recommended,277430,10162363,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,shhhhheeeeeeeeiiiitt,Finally there is another halo game on steam. Thank you microsoft for putting a halo game on steam. please put more halo games on steam.
,Recommended,277430,9896056,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"Amazing value for 5$, graphics arent half bad, not overly long but its replayable and great time killer,  i'm a fan of most twin stick shooter's and this does not disapoint."
76561198088949084,Recommended,277430,9753740,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,----------------------,Heh If you love Halo on the Xbox 360... you love this little Game. ^^
76561197966378171,Recommended,277430,9753924,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ogy,"Nice cheap little game that somewhat scratches my itch for RTS games.My only issues are with all the ♥♥♥♥ing Halo fan boys screaming for Halo 3, and the fact that your own tanks can run you over...."
,Recommended,277430,9754044,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Wolfze,Great game!
,Recommended,277430,9754379,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Windwind,I think Halo is a pretty cool guy. Eh kills aleins and doesnt afraid of anything
76561198007844212,Recommended,277430,9755193,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kombucha,so spartonmuch assalt
76561197968421477,Recommended,277430,9755566,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ballistic,"An interesting take on Halo for sure. This arcade shooter has a decent story from the short amount I've played and the gameplay is tight and responsive with KB/M. Sounds and music are spot on and the cutscenes have a nice comicbook feel to them. Being a massive Halo fan, anything Halo on PC is a bonus, and although it's not the Halo game we want, this is hopefully the first in a reinvigorated MS/343 push for PC. For $5.00 there is nothing to lose, and it really is $5 well spent.Now all we need is Halo Wars, Halo Reach, Halo Anniversary, Halo 2 Anniversary, Halo 3:ODST, Halo 3 and Halo 4! All with high resolution textures! Show us some love MS/343, we've been waiting long enough."
,Recommended,277430,9755678,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,He Hate Me,Great game! Hopefully more Halo to come!
,Recommended,277430,9755867,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,darthjaws,"actually a really good game, can  be difficult at points but definately worth it :)"
,Recommended,277430,9750736,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Mevakel,Need a Halo fix while you're waiting for Halo 5? Well this might just do the trick. This top down shooter carries some of the best halo elements with it. Gameplay is great and the controls are smooth. The story adds more cannon to the halo universe. The game even contains weekly objectives just like the multiplayer in Halo 4.
76561198031030971,Recommended,277430,9756550,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,PopcornSkorpion,"For only £3.99 it is a fun little twin sticks shooter, and the fact it is Halo theme just adds to the appeal. Don't expect Halo 3 or Reach but for what it is, it's good."
,Recommended,277430,9757222,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,morgan.p,"this game is defiantly worth 5$, it takes ~4 hours to beat the game, that is about 1$ an hour, there is some replay value but not much, i would like to see a survival/wave type mode, with a co-op option. unlike other iterations of the game on different services there is no in game micro transactions. The skulls are a fun way to change the difficultly of the game and keeping it fun at the same time.As for require hardware an i3 @ 2.2 ghz 4gb of ram with the intel hd 4000 series gpu will get you 60fps at 1080p with x4 anti analysing.as for controls the game has native m/k, controller and touch support,which worked flawlessly on my dell venue 8 pro tablet.loading screens are almost non-existent and i have never had any crashes or problems.i would strongly recommend this game to any halo/sci-fi fan"
76561198117189108,Recommended,277430,9758355,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Retrospectus,"Great fun. especially for the price. cutscenes are good, enemies can be challenging and runs well. Friendly npcs are surprisingly useful. Wasn't expecting that in a top-down shooter.Word of warning; vehicle controls aren't great and downright abyssmal on the scorpion. Kept getting stuck on scenery or driving backwards. thankfully you can hop out and do the mission on foot (harder obviously)Would recommend."
76561198007398939,Recommended,277430,9758987,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,StormRay05,Interesting new take on the classic Halo universe. Take control of single spartans in this top down shooter which visits some of the major historical battles in new and diverse ways. Definitely worth its price tag
,Recommended,277430,9759179,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Wheat,Its a fun little top down shooter and worth the price. It is also set in the halo universe which is a plus.It would be great if we could get all the other halo games on steam!
,Recommended,277430,9727237,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,★Aporo★,"Little game just came out, Halo Spartan Assault. Its a pretty challenging game, not like you average Halo FPS. Uses more of the Halo Wars mechanics and it fits the over the top shooter quite well. Its easy to play, challenging, and simply fun. Its has a nice little sequenced story filling in the gaps of the story of the spartans. It requires nearly nothing to play and it is fast and smooth.This game can also be found also on the Xbox consoles, Windows Phones and Tablets.The only con I have with this game is that they should have added a coop and a survival mode so you can play with friends on the story in more intense firefights and fight the Covenant in endless waves by yourself or with friends.Overall its a pretty good port from the Phone/Tablet/Xbox to the PC!Nice job 343 and Valve :)"
,Recommended,277430,9728084,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Fire Goose,"Great to finally get a Halo game onto steam!The game is a solid experience, im about halfway through and have loved every minute, the first couple of missions are way to easy and short, thus left me wondering/worrying the entire game was going to be a cakewalk interupted by menus and pretty cutscenes, however I was wrong, a few missions in and the levels get more challenging and longer, making for alot more challenge and fun.The visuals are great and really provide that ""Halo feel"" all the weapons and units are taken from varied halo games (as well as some new models) which left me in the fun nostalgic game of ""Spot what game that was in!"". The visuals are great and suitable for the top down camera.The sounds are mostly taken from previous halo games which makes this feel very much like Halo experience, this is coupled with a beautiful new soundtrack.I would definetly reccommend for such a great price, i would happily pay for more Halo titles like this!Wont provide a rating out of 10 as i havent finished the game, so that would be unfair.**The Want List**-Coop would be amazing if possible-First hHalo game is on steam, follow with existing titles? Halo ce, Halo 2-Halo 3/ODST/War/Reach/Halo 4 (I would Happily pay £39.99 for each one of those titles)"
76561198041559247,Recommended,277430,9728148,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Bejr10,"Yes ..Is not the regular Halo games that we all love, But still a great game and just being on steam  is a huge deal..hopefully the steam community will support this game and make great sales, so that we can show microsoft  that they will make more money if they bringin halo franchise or even gears of war on Steam!!!"
,Recommended,277430,9728201,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Vital,Surprisingly fun top-down shooter.  It's Halo...  top-down.
76561198011300310,Recommended,277430,9728223,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Killerozman,I like it its exactly what i was expecting from it so far its pretty fun. For 5 USD i cant complain. Hope they put more stuff into and dont just leave it as is not that there are not a lot of levels but some new modes or custom level buidling would be pretty awesome.
,Recommended,277430,9728629,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"So it's not Halo 3, who cares? As much as i love H3 (being my favorite Halo of all time) this game is a totally different experience from most any Halo game you have played before and coming from a Halo fan, It's really not a bad thing. The Halo Universe has allways been a rich canvas for creative minds to come up with something truly interesting, just because it isn't an FPs that doesn't mean it's not worthy of being a Halo game.Anyway, I've speant an hour with it and i'm planning to spend many more with it too, It's a solid game as far as gameplay is concerned the mini-story is also pretty interesting but you honestly won't stay for the story, it will become background noise to the sheer fun of point based gameplay.First off, don't expect this game to be deep, You do earn experience but you don't level up, your experience can be used to buy one time upgrades to help you in your missions such as more powerfull weapons (Ammo is limited and can't be refreshed which adds a decent challenge even if you do go for the powerfull stuff) It doesn't just stop at weapons though, you can buy armor abilities too or stick with the standard ones that they give.EXP you earn through missions is very limited but to help you along the game has general and mission specific challenges, completing one can earn you big experience, another thing that adds a lot of replay value.You can also buy boosters with your EXP, A boost to your shields, damage or a booster to increase your score, and the best thing about all this is they didn't go the cash store route, it's all paid for using experience earned in game. Once you get into the missions the game is instantly playable, there is no steep learning curve and what you need to do and where you need to go is made extremely clear throughout each mission.The game is point based and there are point milestones, you're earning stars so the first milestone is a bronze, second is silver and the highest tier naturally being gold. this adds replayability, to make getting those high scores easier you cna buy the score booster and you can turn on skulls (Yeah that's right, this game has those damn skulls) The skulls increase your multiplier, six in total but you can only use two at a time.The game has no difficulty setting so the skulls you use pretty much help bump up the difficulty while rewarding you for it. I've only played for an hour but the gameplay is smooth and polished, i'll probably find some bugs down the line but so far i's awesome.It's £3.99, and for that you get 30 missions worth of content, while some can be short it's still a great ride. The game supports Steam Trading cards, has FULL Controller support and steam achievements. It's a cheap, fun and most probably short game in terms of A to B but i have a feeling i'll be playing this long after i've finished the game to se how i stack up against others in the leaderboards."
,Recommended,277430,9729850,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,nova0925,Halo: Spartan Assuault is a great game in my opinion. The content in this game is well worth $4.99. 9-10.Halo 3 pls.
,Recommended,277430,9731645,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[MW]Neo,"awesome game so far !Except the first level, all other level are quite challenging. You will find most of the time you are overwhelm by dozen of grunts and elites. The longer you play, the harder missions you will get.you can easily pass all levels but to reach gold medals will take lot of times."
76561198005508541,Recommended,277430,9732609,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Killrac,"Wow at an awesome game! - A strategic view of the Halo world really works with a fast pace game like this. Halo wars left something to be desired for me especially when it could have been taken so much further if it was realeased for PC... This game really brings back my love for Halo and after seeing it on steam, I knew this would be a good game.Gameplay is engaging though the levels can be fairly short which I guess can be good and bad depending upon the type of mission. Controls are easy to master appart from the Scorpion which I feel can be a little tedious at times. The visual world is great with some really cool imaginative environments!Overall a great game and I would certainly give it a 10/10. Nice job Devs!"
,Recommended,277430,9733493,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ξ N E O N  R I D E R Ξ,For $5 this game is worth your time.Pretty easy to pick up and play with simple controls and fun gameplay. dont be worried that the game will be runied by microtranactions cause they dont really change the game at all.Graphics have a really nice feel the them and sound is really good.Hopfully this game will pave the path for future halo games to come to PC.
76561198047614877,Recommended,277430,9733693,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,austen1000,Its an ok game. Though it is more of a mobile game than anything. One key thing that it has over the Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 versions is the complete removal of microtransactions (despite what the Steam tags say). You should buy it to help get Halo 3 on Steam.
76561198106011053,Recommended,277430,9864400,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,RenegadePanda,"So, it's a Halo game, I can't hate it by my nature.But it's also just okay.  The graphics, sounds, and feel definitely have the signature Halo vibe, even the gameplay feels similar despite not being a first person shooter.  But my biggest problem with the game is that it all just feels kind of bland.  It's still fun, but it's nothing like a proper Halo game, and it doesn't have the same attention to detail that third party efforts like Halo Wars had.The top down shooter style is a good fit for Halo, but the controls are fairly imprecise.  It's easy to miss your target because of the aiming sensitivity, and vehicles are at times impossible to use, at least effectively.  This is all made slightly more annoying by the fact that you (and your vehicles) are incredibly weak, at least when compared to other Halo games.  The mission objectives are often boring, and the story overall isn't great either.  The game can be fun in short bursts, as I imagine was the intention, but it's certainly nothing out of the ordinary.For 5 dollars, there's enough here to entertain you if you like Halo, just check your expectations at the door."
76561198043463264,Recommended,277430,9865685,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Atomic_Anvil,"Great Game. I have always been a fan of halo and while this is a bit of a different take, they still managed to keep the same machanics from past halo games and implement them well. when i first saw this i thought it was a slightly altered version of halo wars (which i liked, but many people didnt and for perfectly good reasons), but to my suprize, its another standered FPS halo game converted into a shoot em' up. i enjoy it quite a bit and have already managed to spend a day or two on it from the second i started it up. i hope to see DLC and even as far as multiplayer or forge, as both would be quite interesting and fun. I HIGHLY recomend this game, and would have gladly paid at least $10 for this game. and the fact that its on PC is even better. Personally i belive Halo 4 was a bit of a disapointment and after seeing what 343 did with Halo: Spartan Assault, i have high hopes for them in the future. Great work 343. keep it up."
76561198057116364,Recommended,277430,9869343,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Vimaleon,Purchasing this game will help bring other halos to steam. Its better than I expected.
76561198098318221,Recommended,277430,9886993,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Emerald Hermit,"Halo+5 dollars=Good deal.Its a bit short, cant lie about that. But, just the concept of having a Halo game on steam.If you already paid it on the android/apple phones then its not worth it.But, if you havent and have a few days to waste, I highly recommend this buy"
,Recommended,277430,9843638,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,UndeadLuck,Really cool game!
76561198050853228,Recommended,277430,9857438,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Chieftain,awesome
76561198067655387,Not Recommended,277430,10632388,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bruce.c.jenkins,"What a peice of crap. This game does not belong in the ""action"" or ""shooter"" genre.  If you love the Halo franchise, stay away from this unholy abortion."
76561198068636343,Recommended,277430,10636306,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Spacemunki,Amazing game 10/10 leaving me... speechless...great game for the price.
,Not Recommended,277430,10638805,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,#LestWeForgetAboutSmartPlays,"Beware, this doesn't support co-op like the Xbox version - I bought it for that reason only. Whoops.Gameplay is average, stick with Crimsonland if you like this genre."
,Not Recommended,277430,10643143,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bobnize,Pretty simple and gets boring
76561198046934926,Recommended,277430,10643566,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Five,"This game looks very similar in style to Halo Wars. However, instead of controlling armies you only control one spartan, and instead of being strategic, RTS style, you control how the spartan moves, shoots, throws grenades, etc.. The game doesn't seem to be very long, and probably can be beat in about 5-10 hours. Overall if you enjoy the halo series, and the game is on sale, give it a try."
76561198044041732,Recommended,277430,10675935,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RaptorCWS,Makes me wish Microsoft would Bring the Master Chief collection to PC after the xbox one release.
76561198034885285,Recommended,277430,10645538,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Water Knight,Best game I've ever bought on steam for less then $2.50.
,Recommended,277430,10645871,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,OneWithTheCore,This game is actually pretty awesome. It's top-down mechanic is a great change for the Halo game and a wonderful compensation from 343's horrendus mess up that Halo 4 was.
76561198051667975,Recommended,277430,10670701,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rayken,fun top down shooter
76561197970908064,Recommended,277430,10430045,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Utwig,im a big fan of halo but this is AMAZING and very tactical i hope someone makes a mod soon
,Recommended,277430,10134665,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,LilMissWiz,"I pretty stoked about a Halo game on Steam.  I bough it especially since it is so cheap.  Definitely worth the pocket change.  It is a fun game to mess around with when you get bored.  I co-op or MP would be nice but I am happy to see that some people still care about the single player life style as those are my favorites.It is a very simple top down shooter that isn't too hard but isn't too easy.  Graphics are there but are nothing to rave about, leaving it playable on almost any system.I am running a water cooled GTX Titan so it game 100% just above idle temps. :)I definitely recommend this game to anyone who is bored and wants something a little different.Still waiting on a real Halo game to make its way over to Steam."
,Recommended,277430,10231141,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Just like other Halo titles, this game is a win. The playthrough is a strange comparison to anyone who has become used to the FPS of the Halo series up until this point, but it is still a highly addicting game nonetheless. The combat system is simple, but some of the controls will not be the same as they are on the Xbox 360. The only real downside I have for this game is that it is incredibly short. I give this game a 7/10."
76561198067719408,Recommended,277430,10591752,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aunt Jemima,wow. much fun.
,Recommended,277430,10593144,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kilo,"At first as a old school halo fan I was almost sure this game would be total♥♥♥♥♥♥ But honestly after giving it a go I am surprised and happy to say it is a very fun game, the graphics and controls make you feel like you playing halo, and the constant score poping up makes it adictive and give you a sense of being rushed to get a high mutlikill."
76561198130510712,Recommended,277430,10593487,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,jzoobz,"Worth the sale price IMO.It's pretty fun if you're in to Halo. It's fun just to see the same familiar settings and set pieces from a new perspective, like the feel of Halo Wars. The graphics are visually appealing, and the cutscenes, while not fully 3D rendered, are very cool looking and intriguing. The concept is interesting as well; the levels are all simulations of past battles stored in the UNSC Infinity. You are playing out the actions of the battles yourself for training. It's consistent with the Halo 4 idea or War Games and whatnot.As far as gameplay: it is basically a mobile game ported to PC, so the gameplay is simple and quick. It has not held my attention for more than 30 minutes at a time so far. The structure of the levels is similar to Angry Birds or something of that nature, in that there are chapters, each with like five levels.Before each level you pick a loadout and add skulls to make the game more challenging and to earn extra XP. The XP in this game is essentially a currency which can be used to make one-time additions to your loadout for any one level. You have two weapon slots, an armor ability, and a boost.For example, in one level the default weapons are an AR and a Magnum, but I can choose to replace one or both of those slots with a Sniper (500 XP), Laser (750 XP), and so on. There are also armor abilities and ""Boosts"", such as extra damage/shields. So far I've been able to make it through levels without any XP purchases, so don't worry about running low.The level objectives vary; I've had to defend an outpost, locate and kill Covenant commanders, blox up AA turrets, escort missile tanks across the map, and more. There are even vehicle missions which are fun. The enemies are grunts and elites so far without much variation, but there are turrets and vehicles to deal with as well. Weapon selection on the map is pretty varied depending on the level; besides your two starting weapons, there are three grenade types, and Covenant and UNSC weapon crates all around.During combat you earn medals for weapon specific and timed killstreaks. Your score on each level is based on kills, completion time, medals, etc., and your score will earn you a bronze, silver, or gold star. This will give you incentive to play again, if you're a perfectionist, and the levels are fairly replayable with new loadouts.Overall, I am getting my money's worth so far. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,277430,10594036,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,srsface,"If this game only had multiplayer. :(That gripe aside, the gameplay is pretty tight as far as twin-stick shooters are concerned. Graphics are way better than you usually get in the genre, and the animation is quality. Visual fidelity is good enough you never feel lost in the action. Solid game."
,Not Recommended,277430,10595024,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,✪PapaJohnsSodeyPops,I grew up playing Halo so obviously i love the series. I wont complain to much because i got it on sale for $2.49 but i just with some things were fixed. First off more than half of the game goes off my screen and i could not find any option to adjust the size maybe there is an option but its just blocked by the size. Second i dont like how you turn i'd much rather turning with mouse and not move the WASD a bit. I really like the concept of this game but until i can find a fix to my problem i will rate negative and most likely not play.
,Not Recommended,277430,10735469,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Clem Fandango,This game is baaaaaad.
76561198030035685,Recommended,277430,10735848,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Young Political Liberal Teen,"I'll say the  same thing as every other review, for the price its good bring halo to pc please."
,Not Recommended,277430,10738858,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Raz(uh?),"I'm a huge fan of Halo but this game was definitely lacking the core aspects that any fan would expect from a Halo game. It's not that it's a top down shooter - no, it's more so that this game has next to no storyline and definitely no replayability - which is something that pretty much every Halo game has had for me in the past, even forgetting the multiplayer. It'd probably be nice to have a survival mode, multiplayer and other things that we'd expect - but hey, it's a flop, and that won't change. I couldn't even bring myself to complete the game. That's not something I'd do very often, either."
,Recommended,277430,10742916,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ArTex,I would recommend this to anyone. For any type of gamer. Even if they never played any of the Halo games. If this is applys to you then I suggest you get it. This is a game for anyone!
,Recommended,277430,10694005,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MatSan®,"If you're a Halo fan, then this is a good buy. It got all the music and setting vibes from Halo universe that will surely hook you in. But in term of gameplay, there's nothing much you can do and customize. Shoot, reload, repeat. Let's hope this is only the first taste of Halo franchise on Steam."
76561198059305186,Recommended,277430,10758350,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,akaknife19,This game was worth the low price!
,Recommended,277430,10731222,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,UnknownHamPlayer,Highly addictve and fast paced!
76561197998469677,Recommended,277430,10698571,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,collateral damage,Good to visit the backstory to the HALO universe.
,Not Recommended,277430,10698692,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,galaxy,i bought this game expecting it to be just a port of Halo Wars for the xbox 360 but it turns out that its an even ♥♥♥♥♥ier game than that. I played the first two missions and they were god ♥♥♥♥ing awful. This isn't halo or even a good game.
76561198020224729,Recommended,277430,10699901,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,axel4337,"I was a little unclear as to how the gameplay would feel before I bought it, so I hope this helps. With a 360 controller, it feels like i'm using Geometry Wars controls on a Gauntlet game in the Halo Universe. Still early on, but would recommend."
,Recommended,277430,10700167,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PeanuttButt,"This is good, different from all the other Halo games but still worth the while."
,Not Recommended,277430,10700605,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,iamthesargent,"I have been a long time Halo fan (I started back in the Halo 3 days, played through Halo Wars to 4 in Chronological order, even followed Rooster Teeth's Red vs Blue since the 4th season) and I hate to say it but this is not a Halo game. I decided to buy this one since it was on sale and I figured, ""Hey, its 1)Halo, 2)Its a basic top shooter, 3)It looks like it could be a good casual game.""This game is anything but good. It is way too easy, not much in gameplay, and just a slap in anyone who has enjoyed a halo game. A section of the game was played through in less than a minute. The gameplay is just awkward. If you decide to go against my recommendations of avoiding this game, play it with a 360 controller. It's at least a bit manageable with it.In conclusion, I wanted this game to work so much, but it just didn't cut it. If the devs could improve it, I would gladly recommend it to everyone I game with, but I tell them to stay far, far away now."
76561198085461717,Recommended,277430,10712442,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,King_Christoph,Quite a fun little Halo game to keep you occupied for about 6 hours i'd say.Can be quite a tough game mind especially when you get 1 shotted by a brute or an elite with the no shield skull on. So quite a fun little game to pass the time when your sat bored.
76561198121724224,Recommended,277430,10717958,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,1watermelon,This game is gooooood
76561198060832742,Recommended,277430,10721573,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,duckmaster108,"This game is amazing. It has all the qualities of a normal halo game, but its in 5th person. There is no reloading but there is a limited supply of ammo. I would say 9/10."
,Recommended,277430,10602716,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Its 'a me,"Wasn't what I thought it was, wish I could get a refund."
,Recommended,277430,10604070,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,quakehollow,"It took a bit of fiddiling with the settings to get this game to work, however it now works perfectly in full screen mode.Im not entirly sure why, it works but it does, I managed to get the game to run by opening it in windowed mode.And it than ran perfectly in full screen mode again im not sure how this happened but it works perfectly now and that is all I care about. I got it to run in windowed mode by following this tutorial, best of luck!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYH4g5u5L3k"
,Recommended,277430,10604522,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Krash2020,I thought I wouldn't enjoy all the grunt/elite pwning from this angle......boy was I wrong.....
,Recommended,277430,10605217,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,🔪,"I bought this Halo: Spartan Assault during the Summer Sale today at 50% off.For a mini game like this the normal and sale price is completely worth it,this game is good to kill time on is enjoyable for all fans of the halo series.The only feature I would suggest is Multiplayer for example co-op and a game type such as Team Deathmatchor an objective team based mode.8/10!Great game, must get."
,Not Recommended,277430,10605682,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aerial_ace,"terrible, to easy to boring has very little halo about it"
,Recommended,277430,10608621,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JusticeKirby,It's polished but repeats itself a lot.
,Recommended,277430,10602203,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Divine Surge,Halo: Spartan Assault is a fun table game port to the PC. While short and sweet works for mobile games it will feel lacking as a PC game. I can't complain about the price. $2.49 (steam summer sale 2014).
,Recommended,277430,10583067,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nichgid,"If anyone ever wanted to play Killzone: Liberation Halo style, this is it."
,Recommended,277430,10587543,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fuse,"Buy it, its awesome"
,Recommended,277430,10588761,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,saviourfury,"It's a fun game.  It is a good shooter in the style of a ""twin stick"" shooter.  You can only carry two weapons in Halo tradition but that works well and encourages you to use the entire arsenal.  I like how you can adjust the difficulty by adding skulls, it is a good way to play the game either in a casual way or in a more hardcore way.  My biggest gripe would be using XP to buy boosts to help you, but they only work for one mission.Anyway, it has a neat little plot, not Shakespeare but enough to keep you going.  You can either play it through once just to say you did or go through the work of playing with skulls and getting top rank on every mission.  It's up to you and I like it that way.  Overall, it is worth the price, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,277430,10571910,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Boogaloo Shrimp,"This game has been getting too many negative reviews, but I can't be surprised. Halo: Spartan Assault came out as a mobile game for Windows phones and tablets, and i've spent many hours playing it on my phone. So, of courese it's never gonna be as amazing as the bloodymajor titles, compairing to those is pretty dumb. It's only on PC/xbox due to public demand.For the game quality itself, I love it. The art style is really nice looking and consistent, gameplay simple, story decent, and the soundtrack is phenominal. Look upo the OST on youtube or something. Halo 4 disappointed me with its soundtrack, but this is exactly what i've been wanting.Mobile game = 10/10PC game = 7/10"
,Recommended,277430,10074856,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Krieger Dave,"A fun little arcade shooter.Levels are pretty, missions are short and sweet.It's not a DEEP game by any means, but for five bucks it's a pretty decent deal.Co-op at some point would be neat.Alsohalo3when"
,Recommended,277430,10066175,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Mortem,"Probably the best £3.99 i've spent on Steam so far! would definitely recommend it to any Halo fans. The cinematics are also very high quality imo, and the game has good canon."
76561198035432218,Recommended,277430,10067153,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bear Grylls,gr8 fun and easy to pick up. lets hope they release the coop that seems to b missing from original. maybe i just havent unlocked it or something :/
76561198076763400,Recommended,277430,10029749,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,MR.L.HL_91,Hope mutiple players on the next HALO
76561198006658129,Recommended,277430,9822314,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Icecream1973,"Yes! Nice, nice, nice game. Get it white its hot ;-) :-) Steam MORE Halo games please! :-)"
,Recommended,277430,9822420,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Davitna,"Wow, just when I thought the Halo genre couldn't get any more diverse, it just did. I think this is a great new innovative way to play Halo, my hats off to the developers. I only wish the controller option worked just as smoothly as the mouse, then it would be a much more streamlined experience."
,Recommended,277430,9733442,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Chief 117,"I have not played the game so long yet, but I already made up my mind about this one. There are some things that I realy enjoy, but could be done much better, for example the AI: In the first Halo game you threw a plasma grenade near by an Elite and sometimes it did not react, but this is okay for a halo game which was realeased 2001. That time it was excaptable, but in this time a Halo game should not be like this. Sadly it is...Besides the AI issues (there are more like in mission A-3 where you have to escort the Wolverines: Focus on the marines which are roadkilled by the Wolverines, but do not die, but act like they were diying for some strange reasons), the game has also techniacl issues in the shooting system. You will not realize this if you are firing an automatic rifle, but if you want to shoot with a semi-automatic weapon, like the Magnum or the shotgun you have to hold the fire-button, and I do not want to hold the fire button when I am shooting a semi-automatic rifle, but otherwise the spartan will not shoot, he will only aim.One confusing thing about the aim-system is that it will not always cooperate with you, sometimes it just decides to shoot slightly off where you aiming at, or the turret that you can control shoots surprisingly in the ground instead of shooting forward. Another annoying thing is the spawn system, which does not realy exists. If you die in a mission you have to restard the mission which can be frustrating for one or antother.I think this were the major issues that I discovered in only one hour play time. There is still a thing that is kind of getting on my nerves: If you upgrate your stuff, your upgrade will only remains for this time you play this mission. It will be not be unlocked for another mission or for the seconde play through of the same mission. You have to unlock the ""upgrades"" over and over again. Technicaly I would not call this an upgrad.On the other side I enjoyed that you could take over a turret when it is engaged by a Grunt. But this feature is not fully worked out: I tried to take a wraith over like in other Halo titles and I just could not do it, or maybe I am just too unable to do it.Let us now talk about the graphics and the sounds (including some music). Well it is done pretty good. Except the german voice acting, but this seems to be a problem in nearly every game.In terms of gameplay I assert some missions are boring, because you just have do defend some waves of Covenants and the mission is done or you have to escort vehicles. Though there are other mission where you can drive a wraith. All in all the gameplay is diversified, but sometimes a little bit dull, nevertheless they got some cool ideas for the gameplay and I definitely see a lot of potential in there.Although I will play more, because of one thing: I do not really mind this issues, because that were all issues that you can ignore. You still can enjoy the game!! For me the issues are not that seriously as I described them, but I think I should mention them, because others can be bothered by them.The reason why I ignore this issues and why I still enjoy the game is because firstly it is a Halo title and I am a Halo fan, secondly I saw foreward to play it since it was realsed for the Windows Phone and thirdly Halo is not a Triple-A title where you can get a new game of the series year by year, and I hope this image will stay.But what I mainly want to say is I cannot play a single Assassins Creed anymore, because there are too many of them (I am stuck with ""Black flag"" and there are already two more out, ""Freedom Cry"" and ""Liberation""). I am actually bored of this series and at the beginning I was a fan. A result of this: I do not care anymore about any ending of any Assassins Creed. And this is something that not happened to Halo! So I am looking foreward to play more ""Halo: Spartan Assault"", because I want to know how it ends and how it brings the story forward.As a conlusion I hope they fix some bugs in the future. If not I recommend this game to you anyway, because it is enjoyable and it is very cheap.So now get up, play the game immediately and have fun with it."
,Recommended,277430,9733929,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,sparticus585,"lets be honest here, the only reason i bought this is because i miss halo so much.halo creators refuse to release any of thier games on pc (WHICH IS A FREAKING GOLD MINE) so i bought this to try and show my support and love for the franchise, even if its a crappy touch game converted to reg pc. it would be really fun if i wasnt playing on a 1400$ gaming pc, like if i was playing this on my phone it would be awesome. but anyways if you wanna support the dev buy this game, if your looking for a super fun story drivin halo game move on"
76561198113339444,Recommended,277430,9734552,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,victorcervantes70,great game for halo fans.
76561198041401841,Recommended,277430,9735505,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,skyace65,"No it's not halo 3, or CEA, or Reach(thank god) or Halo Wars. It's spartan assault, it does it's own thing and it does it well.the games pretty simple. it's a twin stick shooter and you play as spartan Sarah Palmer and Davis during the battle of Dratheus 5, from the perspective of a spartan stationed on the infinity in the present of the halo universe doing tatical training. The whole game is a training simulation for spartans.First of all the ammount of steamworks integration is impressive, and i really didn't expect microsoft to go this far. It's got achievments, cloud, trading cards, leaderboards.(also worth mentioning is controller support but thats not really steamworks) Clearly a port with effort put into it.The gameplay itself is very fun and fast paced, you've got all your halo universe weapons, you have shields, and for the first time ever not counting Halo Wars, the marines are actually usefull, I'm not being sarcastic and about to make a walking weapons cache joke. they actually help you in combat and get a decent number of kills. The game also has some vehicles for people to use which are insanely fun, especially the tank. The really nice thing though is this brings back ALMOST EVERY VEHICLE FROM HALO WARS. You've got the grizzley, the rhino and wolverine make an appearence(though it's not drivable), iin the background you can see Hawks flying above. not just that the covenant use Uber turrets from the HW campagn(second arcadia mission) and covernant base turrets. while not all vehicles are drivable, the ones you can drive are funthe story itself is pretty basic, but solidl it's not something i hate over annoyances like the stupid deaths in Reach. And cutscenes are the same style as CEA and Halo 4 terminals.overall, it's not a main halo game, and thats alright. Because it does what it sets out to do, be a fun fast paced twin stick shooter in the halo universe. Only thing obveously missing is Co-op, which is especially noticalbe since you usually get at least 2 marine companions per mission which are almost invincible. but it's still enjoyable for singleplayer."
,Recommended,277430,9735554,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Somnionaut,It's a lot of fun if you enjoy top-down shooters and the Halo franchise.
76561198099466398,Recommended,277430,9736269,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,murr61,brill wee halo game
,Recommended,277430,9736502,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Cocky,Game is fun/10
76561198050355978,Recommended,277430,9737252,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,rockojb,Totally worth 5 bucks.
,Recommended,277430,9737394,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Hans Jans Solo,"Having some serious issues with the game. loads fine and everything runs flawlessly, i know i have adequete specs on my comp. the problem runs as soon as i get to the main menu.  A dialog box opens and it says select your desired method of controls.  nothing is responsive at this point, no mouse cursor, xbox controller doesnt work, usb mouse doesnt work.  Has anyone had this happen or have an suggestions? music still runs and game doesnt freeze or anything but i cant do anything to get rid of the dialog box and actually play thegame...help?"
,Recommended,277430,9737800,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Arius31,"I am a huge Halo fan, ever since I used to play with my old gaming clan when I was 14. For only $5, you really can't beat the value you get. I have only played about 2 hours, so I have yet to finish the game, but so far it's well worth it. The animations are very smooth, nice cutscenes to give you a background into what's happening before you start each mission, accurate sound, and the graphics are well polished. There are 25 achievements you can get, along with medals depending on how well you play. The medals don't serve any purpose except to make you feel awesome.There are downsides of this game though, which include no co-op or multiplayer. I also think that driving vehicles is a little clunky with the keyboard (maybe it's better with a controller). If they were to add/fix those things then I would rate it higher, but I will give it an 8 out of 10, simply for being a cheap, fun game that in my opinion is great if you like Halo at all.Don't expect to be playing a Halo FPS, because this is an entirely different gamemode (top down shooter), but it's still a great way to pass the time."
,Recommended,277430,9737841,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Crysal,"If you are looking for that feeling of playing a halo game then this game is not for you.But if you where one of the people that liked Halo: wars then you must try this game,after I played half way thoug the game I had to quit, but being the Major FAN-boy that I am, I had to play the game all the way just like Halo: Wars..So if you are also a fan boy like me, then you'll play it no matter what, all I can say in that case is ""be prepared to see a lot of wrong things"""
,Recommended,277430,9738126,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,ShotgunJackson,A satisfying twin stick shooter set in the Halo Universe. Well worth the $4.99 they’re asking for.
,Recommended,277430,9738328,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nya ლ(=ↀωↀ=)ლ Nya,Love this game already and havent even played it an hour yet. Been a Halo fan since 2002 and its nice to see somthing different in a Halo series
76561198073094828,Recommended,277430,9739489,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Conn1321,Not a bad game to say the least. While it may not have the halo action that halo fans love it's still a fun little game. If you're a halo fan I recommend this but if you're not then I recommend you start with one of the other games in the saga that is halo.
,Recommended,277430,10532389,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sir Shak,"Its different from an average Halo game but its pretty fun, fans of the Halo universe can enjoy it. I would recomend using a controler to play it instead of the keypad."
76561198012250869,Not Recommended,277430,10564496,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,leng282,worst game ever
,Recommended,277430,10618515,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DerpyDerpderp,yAY NICE GAME
,Recommended,277430,10618679,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LORD CAPSLOCK,"A great title for $2.50 (on the 2014 steam sale). People complain that Halo has been dumb down and isn't great. I found it it to be a pretty good shooter for that price. Remember, Hotline Miami has lesser graphics and costs more."
76561198021061215,Recommended,277430,10613911,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Killer Wolf,"Absolute garbage!! Please don't waste your cash! If you want Halo, stick to Xbox :)"
,Recommended,277430,10615903,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Midget-D,Good time waster.
,Recommended,277430,17220928,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Taebrythn,it's really not that bad of a game. the only thing i didn't like is how short it is. i understand the game doesn't cost much so i guess if you look at it in that aspect its worth the money if its on sale.
76561198083818537,Recommended,277430,17225957,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ΩEGZODYAΩ,"-""Master Chief, mind telling me what you're doing on that ship?""-""Sir. Finishing this fight"""
76561198105667859,Not Recommended,277430,17003091,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NinjaG1rl,"game might be fun if you could control your character, I think whomever is reviewing these games for steam needs to reevaluate their process not everyone uses a controller some of us hate those things not to  mention the game crashes  or wont start at all another waste of money on a game i havn't been even able to play."
,Recommended,277430,17050524,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,smoke,eh
,Recommended,277430,17056614,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Apple_Sniper,good game some times crash when you start a level but if you a halo fan this is the game for you. not first person shooter
,Not Recommended,277430,17070304,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,the Green Baron,"I love the idea of a Halo top-down shooter game, but unfortunately, a few fatal flaws prevented me from enjoying this game to the fullest.First of all, I feel like there are more possibilities for the controls and game mechanics than the developers took advantage of (I should note here that I used an XBox 360 gamepad while playing).  What I mean is, with respect to the FPS Halo games, there are a number of features that seem to be lacking here (for instance, jumping and reloading).Secondly, I was disappointed by the overall game design.  The game is divided into relatively short levels that consist of simple, rather arcade-y tasks (many levels feel like a tower defense game, except that you only control one soldier).  The FPS Halo games contain massive, story-driven sequences, with lots of things going on that are incidental to your mission objectives, and an overall epic feel; by contrast, the levels in this game feel like bite-sized arcade levels (defeat all the enemies to win!).  I don't think this is a bad thing for all games, but it certainly doesn't suit the Halo universe as well as it might another franchise (or an original IP).Finally, I was VERY disappointed to learn, after purchasing the game and playing for a while in single player, that the Steam version of the game has NO COOPERATIVE MULTIPLAYER, whether online or offline.  I didn't realize this before purchasing it, because I was familiar with the game from XBox 360, which does have multiplayer, and I guess I just assumed...well, you know what happens when you assume.  I don't understand why the developers would omit a feature that is so integral to a top-down shooter experience--especially an arcade top-down shooter, which seems to be the feel they were going for.  Despite my first two complaints, I still probably would have recommended this game had it included a multiplayer option; but since it doesn't, and other versions of the game do, I feel absolutely gypped.  Part of the reason I bought the game was to enjoy it with friends.Anyway, I would not recommend this game, nor would I recommend supporting the removal of multiplayer capability from the PC version of games (as if PC gamers don't have friends).  I would return it, but it's already too late (bought it during the summer sale anyway, so it was cheap).  If you have a hankering for a good top-down shooter experience, go play the Lara Croft games (spin-offs of the tomb raider series).  They are excellent.  This is not."
,Recommended,277430,17016420,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,N1neSe7en,awesome game
76561198112460596,Not Recommended,277430,17477788,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Pridephul,"Although I love the Halo Series (serious nostalgia bombs my way every time I pick one up), this is probably not worth the price for how short the gameplay is. 8/10 nostalgia, 4/10 content"
,Recommended,277430,18022375,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Internalized Oppression,"An awesome top down shooter. Even if you aren't a Halo fan I highly reccomend this if you like isometric shooters like Alien shooter. Its challanging, pretty and easy to control."
,Recommended,277430,18036438,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Legit Booty Warrior,"a suprisignly good haloy top down shooter, cheap too. would recomend"
,Recommended,277430,18051281,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Count D'Cinamon,"Great and Addicting Third Person Shooter games with awsome graphics! Worth it to be boughtMy rate for this game : 9/10Pros :- Well, some people said that it didnt taste like halo. but well, in my opinion, it do taste like halo, only in some kind of different way of view- Fun and easy to play- Awsome graphics (for low spec PC)- Support touch screen (i played this in Tab PC, and its cool XD)- Great storyCons :- I didnt know how to play this online or lan (i think it cannot be played multiplayer ?)- Each mission is to short"
,Recommended,277430,18038702,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mr.Chinku,Fire in da hole!
,Recommended,277430,18025649,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,DiiVox,it's like Halo + Gauntlet. Gauntlalo. I am way better at this game than actual Halo. love it. great price on sale.
76561198151402613,Recommended,277430,18026567,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JDog101,"Looks pretty cool, even on a low/midrange laptop.DOES NOT WORK with the controllers I tested it with.  Maybe you need an XBox controller, or stick with keyboard + mouse."
76561198024742781,Recommended,277430,16873314,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jacquesfrost,"Simple top down shooting game. Great weapon choice and add-ons. Interesting missions.I'm don't totally love it, but still fun to play nontheless. Wished it were a FPS though. =)"
76561198122320895,Recommended,277430,17408533,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Kevin,"Rinse and repeatThat is what you will be doing most of this game if you want to fully complete it.Its is a nice topdown gameplay Halo game for PC, using many units found in Halo Wars like the Wolverine, Covenant Mega Turrets and the Grizzly Tank. The environment looks great, the alien planets you play on really look like art.However, the game does have some flaws.- The ally AI. Its really annoying sometimes... When you want to rank up to get that Killionaire medal or Assault OP, you will find the UNSC marines stealing it right in front of you. Sometimes they even blew me up with frag grenades. I wish you could turn off these allies.- There were some bugs that caused my Spartan to suddenly become slower or stuck in a Shade Turret...- Some of the Assault OPs are horrible... Like kill 20 Jackals with SMG in the elephant level. There are only 2 or 3, at the very end, with Suicide Grunts all over them... Or kill 40 Elites with a Plasma Repeater in a level where there are only like 4 or 5... these were very tedious to complete, only because it was so boring...Nevertheless, I do think that despite its flaws I think it is a great game for only a few bucks.Most of the Assault OPs were not as mind grinding and the gameplay is fun."
,Not Recommended,277430,16911060,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,RD,........this is isn't Halo 3 for PC.WHY?!?!?!?!?
76561198102727095,Recommended,277430,17821444,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kungfujew,"Not a bad Halo game. My biggest comlpaint is that the campain is broken up into small missions that really start to break the flow of the game. The game is broken up into sections A,B,C ect.. but then those are broken up into smaller missions. Its design is very score oriented, and i feel like im trying to get a score rather than enjoy the story its trying to tell."
,Not Recommended,277430,11799301,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,flame from Halo,"I like the Halo series alot and enjoy most of their games, this game however is not one that I enjoyed.-It is the equvalent of a flash game that you can play free on the internet, the only difference is you have spartans doing the shooting.-The points you get after beating a level have no long term significance, they can only be used to buy an upgrade for a single use on one level.-Gets repetetive very fast."
76561198165768382,Recommended,277430,16918942,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,cande409,As a hardcore Halo fan id highly reccomend this game its action packed and great fun also for a good price the only downside is i wish there was more levels oterwise i couldn't find anything bad about it.
,Recommended,277430,13675493,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zirconius,"For a mobile port, it's surprisingly in-depth and enjoyable. Levels can be REALLY short, but it's understandable as when you're sitting on your phone you probably don't want to be doing the same level for 30~ minutes. My one major gripe is that there is ZERO co-op or multiplayer. Co-op would have made this game an even more epic experience as the game is built in such a way that it would be some gloriously crafted icing on the cake if it were present. If you're going to get it, wait for it to go on sale. I got it for $1.99, and for that price, the price around what most mobile games are, it's a good buy."
,Recommended,277430,13773828,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Milo #Music,"This is a great mobile game, though the gaphics are subpar,  the touch gmeplay is perfect for tablet PC's such as the new HP Stream 7.Overall scores:Graphics: 7.5/10Controls: 10/10FPS On lightweight systems: 10/10avg 35-55 depending on processor and VRAM: Full systems: Coming Soon!Price: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,277430,13774609,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,-Cube-,"This is an amazing Halo game. If you can't offord a Xbox One, this is a great way to forget about Halo 5. Great Gameplay and all around great game. If you didn't like Halo Wars don't worry it's not like that at all. You should really get this game if you like/LOVE Halo games"
,Recommended,277430,13774870,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Chickenhead,Great little top down shooter.
76561198128204092,Recommended,277430,13775377,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RareChalupa,its cool to have a halo game on steam. just a game to pass the time
,Recommended,277430,13769280,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,skr00t,"A Q&A!Q: Is it fun?A: Yeah, if you are a Halo-Fan, then you might like it!Q: Is It anything bad with the game?A: Well check it yourself.Q: What should i expet?A: Hmmm... read the tags and description and see the trailer, then you might get it.Q: Is it any THAT'S RIGHT!!!! GET N0Sc0PeDDDDDD!!!!!!!1111 *AIR HOOORN*A: Nope, not at all :D And the suprise is, ITS NOT FU*KING BO2 U NO0BQ: Is is MLG?A: Well, add some OP dubstep, fedoras, air horns, kush, FaZe/ OpTic, and boom: MLG Halo Fu*king Spartan Assault Salt edition.Q: Is this helpful?A: Sure it is Little Timmy, it's all right... GO TO FU*KING BED U KID UR NOT OLD ENOUGH FOR THIS ANYWAY!!!!!!!!!111I really hope this comment helped you and you purchase for Halo: Spartan AssaultEnjoy playing! :D"
,Recommended,277430,13677622,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sol-J,"Pretty fun.This is a port of a tablet/Phone game but it seems fine,and runs at 60fps.Glad they put this on the steam store any long term fan of Halo should get this and during sales this thing drops alot in price.Graphics are nice.A little story of what after happened after Covenant broke treaty.I play this when I have no idea what to play you know those moments where you jus take a look at your steam library and just go ''When the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy these games?''"
76561198145466580,Recommended,277430,13678511,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spyyder626,"Amazing! It might not seem like it at first, but just like the FPS Halo, just in a new perspective. Just because it's top-down it dosen't change a thing!"
76561198025027231,Recommended,277430,13679775,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zachfurr,fun in sort spirts. buy if on sale
76561197993745990,Recommended,277430,13679970,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dilly,"This is a good game. Pretty much the only Halo experience on PC.There is a 6 sections each and 5 missions with in each section.Each mission is straight forward and can be completed with in 5 minutes.I finish the game in 4 hours, but the re-playablity is high.For each mission you can turn on skulls, 7 to choose from; but can onlyhave 2 active during the mission.  You can also spend XP you earn in thegame to upgrade the mission loadout of weapons that are default.For example, your primary is the assault rifle; you can spend your XP toupgrade to 1) sniper rifle, 2) spartan rifle, 3) rocket laucher. You cando the same for your secondary.Each mission you are scored on each enemy that you kill, the medalsyou earn, and for completing it as fast as possible. Giving you a bronze,silver, or gold star for each mission.Overall I enjoyed playing this game. The controls are tight and responsive.There is a satisfaction in using each weapon. (All weapons have made itover, mostly, even the focus rifle!  I mean the tickle rifle! Who doesn't lovethat weapon, let's face it that gun is worthless. You spend all the energythat gun has to offer and it's enough to kill 2 elites, and maybe 1 grunt.Garbage! Pff! The nerve the coventant have. Whose bone headed cousininvented that rifle only to have his more succsessful brother greenlight itinto production. Then come to find out the spartan's use it to play tag with.I'd love to be a fly on the wall in that follow-up metting:Head bossman tentical face - So how's the focus rifle out on the battlefield?Ashamed brother - Oh! Ummmm, good. I ... I ...I mean it could do better.Head bossman tentical face - Better? How so?Ashamed brother - Well, for one it could start by killing the enemy.Head bossman tentical face - What!?Ashamed brother - Yes, well, it seemes that, cough, umm it appears that itdoesn't actually kill the enemy, actually.Head bossman tentical face - Pff! Doesn't kill the enemy? Well then whatdoes it do?Ashamed brother - It, uh, it, swallows pride, it tickles the enemy.Head bossman tentical face - You must be joking. Great scot! So you'retelling me that the coventant has a weaponthat just tickles the enemy?Ashamed brother - Yes. Yes we do.Head bossman tentical face - Does it at least tickle the enemy to death?Ashamed brother - Yes! Wait, no. No, doesn't do that. Would be nice.Head bossman tentical face - So then what's our plan of action?Ashamed brother - I believe to keep, using, the weapon?Head bossman tentical face - Well, I doubt that would make us lose the war.Next order of business. Can someone pleaseinform the grunts that, yes, while we all have alaugh when they put a plasma grenade in thetoilet to scare everyone it's starting to stink upthe place and it's causing the flood.)In conclusion, very nice game."
76561198064957809,Recommended,277430,13705406,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,userAlpha,"Bottom Line:> 8/10 for Games overall. Easy 10/10 for what-it-is (Mobile Port). Very fun. Seriously hope Vanguard puts out another full-length one!> Didn't quite scratch my 'FPS' itch (since it's a TDS), but it came surprisingly close... still haven't had this much fun with Halo since CE (#♥♥♥♥♥♥).> This game is a steal at $5. At &1.49... it's a Goldman-Sachs.Summary:> Halo-themed top-down shooter, featuring Spt. Palmer from Halo 4, and all the usual suspects for baddies.> 30 short, satisfying missions.> Mouse to aim, WASD to move. ALL typical halo weapons up to Reach, 'Nades, Melee. Vehicles. Loadouts. Armor abilities. Medals n' stuff.Thoughts:> 60 minutes in, I realized that I had happily fallen into the exact same subconscious shoot-nade-melee dance that I deveoped playing Halo CE all those years ago :]> Combat makes emptying your Assault rifle clip FUN like not since Halo 3/CE. Good pace, well-balanced... even with every combination of skulls!> Was made with love: good original music / cinematics / world & level design / ambiance.> Attention given to TINY game details... you'll see when you play.> AI is SOLID - like the best of CE and 3 put together, with EVEN fewer bugs.> Marines are actually durable and useful.> Only saw three small bugs the whole game.Graphics:To me, there are two types of People when it comes to Graphics:A] ""The Fetishists"", who try to assuade their deep despair that the gaming industry has barely innovated for the better part of two decades by convincing themselves that a game is 'good' if it uses the newest, hyped-up, AAA-studio Graphics Engine.B] ""The Realists"", who care about Immersion, and graphics are merely a means to that end, whether 8-bit or Frostbyte.If you're a Fetishist, you will be disappointed at anything... So ♥♥♥♥ off.If you're a Realist, you'll realize this game's graphics are attractive, made-with-love, conducive to the gameplay, and immersive.Conclusion:> This is what a game should be.> Hats off to 343 and Vanguard, and to Microsoft for getting the ♥♥♥♥ out of the way for once and allowing this thing to be born.> Though doubtful, let's hope 343 allow this mere mobile-port to remind them of what a Halo game should be."
76561198003023777,Recommended,277430,13730460,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Alan,"I got this game for a buck fifty, and that's about what it's worth.  It's a top down shooter version of Halo, but with no real story.  No plot, no persistent upgrades (there's a handful of generic upgrades you can buy PER MISSION, but you'll almost never be able to afford them), no RPG or rogue elements (didn't expect any, but the story is supposed to make up for that in action games).  Missions are 1-10 minutes long at most, unless you're REALLY horrible.Essentially, you take a 1st person shooter, strip out aiming, crouching, running, cover, and just about all other skill related aspects, but don't replace them with RPG/rogue elements like you might normally see in similar top down games.  You really aren't left with much.Started getting bored by the lack of...ANY substance at about hour 1, but for $1.50 I guess I expect that.The sad part is that they have to be losing money on this game at even full price of $5.00, and it COULD have been a much better game with just a little work.  Add some persistent stats/upgrades and you'd have a $10 game at least, and it wouldn't have taken much work.  Meh.Recommended ONLY on sale.  Don't buy if it's not on sale."
76561198014902539,Not Recommended,277430,13603701,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,(C) Tony,Beyond♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,277430,14472111,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,♂ DaGroose ♂,"It is one of the best Top-Down Shooters I've played, even if it slowly gets repetitive. The graphics are good, the story is a little weak, but the solid gameplay makes up for it. It definitely feels like you're in the Halo Universe. What more could ask for in a Top-Down shooter?"
76561198169672556,Recommended,277430,14477152,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,L. Ron Hoyabembe,I got to some stairs and I feel stupid because I can't figure out how to get up them.  Other than that it's a pretty good twin stick shooter.+you can use two sticks-if you're an idiot you can't figure out how to get up stairs11/9
76561198072595540,Recommended,277430,14439108,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,master7of9time,"ill start by saying this is set in the halo universe and is a shooter and not halo fps. as i suffer from motion sickness this is the first halo game ive played, it plays well and looks very good, you play through 30 levels of quick paced fun with 1 or 2 tricky levels thrown in but for most part this is an easy game with replay value if you want gold stars for each level. in most missions you have a description of the battle with a few fmvs thrown in at the start of each new area. ammo is easy to come by with dead enemy's dropping what they have left and as such your ammo dosnt last that long. on the negative side the aiming can be off at times (which on the 360 pad is right thumb-stick), plus the max resolution is 720p. over all this is a pretty solid shooter with some fun levels, just dont set your hopes to high and enjoy.  7/10"
,Recommended,277430,14611771,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,KhromeHound,"Halo : Spare tin of salt is about the amazing(-cough 343i trying to make her look interesting cough-)journey of Spartan Palmer.Players of Halo 4 will be amazed that she manages to restrain herself from saying Eggheads throughout the game.In all seriousness, this was a bit of a wasted chance to create a popular niche game.As it stands, the game is fine with no real bugs encountered at all by me.With that said, for some reason the ghost is even more of a plasma chain gun then normal(fires about 3 times faster), the drones sound like ODST Engineers, Elites wield plasma pistols with weird frequency, the missile launcher is more of a shoulder mounted triple missile pod.And on top of those oddities are a small mound more of them, but I'm not going to cover those. If you pay attention to every detail and know a fair bit about Halo, you'll see alot of things that will make you say ""dafuq?""That said if you want a decent top-down shooter thing, this is acceptable to mess around on.It should be noted there is no difficulty setting in game however, and it seems to be jammed on Easy. - No Normal, no Heroic, no Legendary."
76561198018509293,Recommended,277430,13900888,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,lotuspulse,"Feels just like regular Halo, only in a fun new perspective"
76561197969478620,Not Recommended,277430,13901845,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Gamer_X,Top down Halo but in all the wrong ways. Cramped view allows enemies to hit you before you can react and impreceise controls make fighting back awkward and boring.
,Recommended,277430,13862999,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nik,Strangely fun and addicting! Interesting twist on a FPS classic.
,Recommended,277430,12045238,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Triicell,Halo 3 please.
,Not Recommended,277430,12047532,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Darkapok,"Honestly, I had to force myself to finish it. Frustrating, no advancement, no fun."
,Recommended,277430,12059284,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dead_Destiny132,Best arcade game I have played in a while!!! Highly recommend this game!!
,Recommended,277430,12060423,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,CakeManThePan,"I paid 75p for this game and for 4 hours of game play that isnt bad, be warned tho there is no difficulty setting but you can active skulls there are 6 or so to choose, and all the main weapons from halo, would I of been happy paying £4 for 4 hours of game play....yeh I think I would of, we would love to see a co-op for this game and ADD MORE HALO GAMES TO STEAM I WOULD HAPPILY PAY FOR HALO:CE,H2,H3 etc etc"
76561198061363677,Recommended,277430,12061093,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Legion,"Nice little game i really enjoy it , for the price it's a steal !I would give it a 7 / 10"
,Not Recommended,277430,11927826,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ego Mutatio,"Microsoft messed up bigtime when they removed the Halo francise from the PC.  This is a paltry excuse for a game.  It is really only worth buying if you are a die hard Halo fan and are in it only for the story.  Story is interesting, but everything else plays like a 20 year old arcade style PC game."
76561198036179355,Not Recommended,277430,11928431,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Frizzfry,Definitly my fault. I should have looked at screen shots and watched gameplay footage.This game is not what the description states.Ok it is...but not really.It is not what most people would expect a Halo game to be.Halo has been a franchise with a very specific style and format for allmost fifteen years.This is a departure from that.
,Recommended,277430,11929661,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dayman,It actually feels like a Halo game just from a different perspective.  Pretty dang good time killer too.  Especially great since I got it on sale for under 2 bucks.
,Recommended,277430,11929938,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,skaryface,"This is a top down twin stick style shooter set in the halo universe. Its not the best game ive played. but definitally not the worst. especially for the $4.99 price tag. love it! each level has a star raing and getting the top star isnt the easiest thing, but it adds replayability. full controller support and great controls. No co-op of any sort and broken up missions is kind of a killer for this game, for lets be real, for $4.99 its well worth it."
76561198008099697,Recommended,277430,12139956,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,John Wick,"I really like this alternative Halo game. It differs from the traditional playstyle of Halo (FPS). It reminds me very much of Killzone: Liberation for the PSP, but this game has better responses because I can be more accurate with amouse than with a joy stick. It's affordable, fun, and entertaining. Try to finish the levels then try to challenge yourself with skulls on. SLAY THE COVENANT!"
,Recommended,277430,12155396,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,GummyBearSurgery,"Tight little game.  Isometric view threw me for a bit.  Might be better on touch screen?  Better storyline than Halo 4, in any regards.  Lol."
76561198022743984,Recommended,277430,12017058,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,bsspwulfen,Love this game am a big fan of Halo. As another person has before me would love to see the co-op for this game if i remember right you can do co-oop on the xbox one version of this game
,Not Recommended,277430,12020399,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,simSalabim,"It's not a bad game by any means, but it just doesn't measure up. I've played the first couple of Halo games, and I feel like this game just doesn't have the polish of the originals. I was having a hard time telling, at first, why I got the ""Mission Failed"" prompt, because it's hard to tell when you've died. You die, and before you can tell, the prompt immediately covers the screen.You don't earn things by accumulating experience, either. You spend it like money on items on a mission to mission basis, and you don't retain the weapons or other items you've previously purchased. Each level has a specific loadout it wants you to use, and you have to spend kind of a lot on items. On top of that, you don't have much of a choice of what you actually CAN purchase. There are three total guns, three boosters, and three shield items, and they are the same 3 options, it seems, throughout the game.The game is very one-dimensional, as well. You are almost exclusively running and gunning all the time. There is no need--or opportunity, really--to be stealthy at any point. Melee is a delayed attack, and it's also quite weak. The auto-aiming is not very consistent, and manually aiming with an analog stick is inferior. Driving vehicles around is fun, especially with a tank, but you are quite limited in how much you can use vehicles most of the time. There are large roadblocks almost guaranteed whenever you drive a tank that prevent you from continuing with it. There are almost no opportunities to take an alternate path in the game, with or without a tank or other vehicle.You pretty much run or drive from point A to point B for every single mission. Occasionally you have to sit and guard one area, or blast your way through a remarkably durable but ultimately destructible door. Other times you run around a slow-moving escort that you must protect from destruction. These are basically all slight variations on run-n-gun gameplay, because of the lack of strategy. Most weapons work the same way, they just look different (basically, either bullets or a colored laser/plasma projectile). The shotgun is a terrible weapon, the plasma pistol is shameful, the spartan laser is devastating, but there's little other variation.If you want a comparison to another similar game, let's take a look at Killzone:Liberation for the PSP. It's not a GREAT game, by any means, but there's at least a little variation in the gameplay, and you unlock things that you get to keep throughout the game. There were also several different challenge modes, though most were filler. The survival mode was easily the most fun once you completed the game, because you could use the things that you continued to unlock in a Crimsonland-esque challenge. It's true, I've only spent a few hours on Halo: Spartan Assault, so maybe I'll change my tune. Personally, though, I find that a game with as little depth as either this Halo title or the Killzone title has, I should know if the game is good in a couple of hours."
,Recommended,277430,12021373,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Young Munkers,fun
,Recommended,277430,11900232,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Mack,"This game is amazing. Not only is it the only Halo game not on the Xbox, but it is the only Halo game from an aerial view. It brings a whole new perspective to the franchise, and has excellent gameplay and graphics. I reccomend this game to all who love shooters or Halo."
76561198038644304,Recommended,277430,11902516,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Grayfaux,Lots of fun for $1.69!
,Recommended,277430,11902575,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,beckmabj,Fun little game worth the $1.50 i spent on it.
,Recommended,277430,11902758,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,jouska,"This game is cool, but Halo MCC for PC please"
76561197966806645,Recommended,277430,11902982,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Shogotsu,"I bought this when it was on sale and I really like it actually, kept me entertained quite a while. The scoring system works and keeps you trying to best the previous score and keeps you involved. There was only one level that I got little frustrated with but all in all not a big minus. This game is however very small but does not lack replay value so it works as a big plus here.I think this is one of those games that I will play again and again whenever I have time to spare."
76561198059958460,Recommended,277430,11904691,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Broken Dog,Good game great soundtrack very nostalgic if you played the original Halo trilogy.
76561198003454835,Not Recommended,277430,18188874,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,impiribl,boring
76561198031946595,Not Recommended,277430,18222595,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,jesus_patriot,stupid
76561198170074126,Recommended,277430,18225714,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,JcMan09,its like halo without the halo part
76561197976528105,Recommended,277430,18139535,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,Fun little isometric halo game. Nothing spectacular but nothing bad either. 6.5/10
,Recommended,277430,18146488,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,100,i want to be in Leaderboards first page :(
76561198050284853,Recommended,277430,18111526,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Govunator,Fantastic game! Reminds me of Halo Wars. I bought the 2 game pack. Will plan on purchasing future games!P.S. I am a Halo Fanatic and I recomend this game. Gets me by until Halo 5! :)Cheers!
76561198206524420,Recommended,277430,18162344,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,september_ends_,If you're looking for a game to pass the time when you're bored then this is a great game. The missions are fairly short which is perfect If you want to pick up this game every now and again. I rate this game a 6/10.
,Recommended,277430,10786559,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,IHikhbklvf,"Spartan Assault is a game from 343 industries in which was originally only avaliable through Windows 8 or Windows phone, not the Xbox. Obviously, it's now on steam, but I digress. The game does seem to be tedious initially, however; the pace picks up rather quickly after the first couple of missions. It's a 'birds-eye-view shooter'; it has a proper term but I just liken it to 'Dead Ops Arcade' from 'C.O.D Black Ops'.If you're a fan of the Halo series you'll notice that the game uses Halo 4 as a foundation, either it being based around the Infinity ship or references to 'Palmer' in relation to the game's lore. You may also feel the nostalgia hit you in the heart as the soundtrack to this game is ♥♥♥♥ing excellent; with most Halo games. Halo 2 and 3 soundtrack elements are primarily present through out Spartan Assault.My only problem with this game is the delay of using single-shot weapons. For instance, approaching an elite with a shotgun; the shotgun doesn't pick up on the fact you've been clicking numerous times to fire, it eventually figures out what the ♥♥♥♥s going on but you see my point. Note, this was my experience, yours may differ.To conclude, great game; especially if you're a fan of Halo. it's usually 5 dollars but I recommend buying it during a sale."
,Not Recommended,277430,18167524,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MindfulOcean,"The game is extremely short and after a time, the levels become very tedious.  I'm a huge fan of both action games and the Halo franchise but this game simply isn't worth your money.  If you're really interested in the game, buy Halo: Spartan Strike instead.  It improves on many aspects of this game and is overall a better experience."
76561198126939378,Not Recommended,277430,18263671,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Well, that was a failed purchase.Pros:- HaloCons:- looks uninspired- handles terribly- boooringVerdict:Not even for the sake of Halo. invest the money into something more fun, like a pack of smokes."
,Recommended,277430,18187864,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,BIGSKINZ™,"Awesome Wee Game But Need More Halo Games On Pc!!If Only Thay Had A Coop, Now That Would Be Even More Awesome!!"
76561198097816821,Not Recommended,277430,13104623,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,R15-F18,"It's the worst Halo I have ever seen.I saw the Screenshots in bird's eye perspective and thought it's only a wallpaper.But no, it's how the game looks like.But Halo w/o first person perspective is crap. For example, why should I use a Sniper, when I can't even zoom in?Stay away from this one!"
76561198100766653,Recommended,277430,17257759,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,♦Master big star ♦,"Halo: Spartan Assault is indeed a good game, but I'm disappointed Microsoft didn't put other Halo games like Reach, 3, 3 ODST, and more for the PC. Halo and Halo 2 PC did good. This is better than Halo Wars... because instead of controlling your whole army, you're controlling JUST one person. But Spartan Assault's campaign makes no sense and isn't apart of the official Halo series just a minigame kinda.Overall: Good, could have been better. Microsoft, port other Halo games for PC."
,Not Recommended,277430,11913363,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,olly!,"This is a simplistic mobile game with nothing much to offer. I was expecting the levels to have some size but they're all 5 minutes or so long. Disappointing, but the sales price was fair."
76561197970390752,Recommended,277430,11914474,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bob,"A very welcomed Halo title on PC , Looks great , gameplay is superb on joypad or kb/m, altogether a very slick top down shooter which is a must buy for any Halo fan or Twin stick shooter fans. Quality and Polished as you would expect from any Halo game.8.7/10I would have given it a 9/10 but no co-op = -0.3, not that important as the game stands well without it."
,Recommended,277430,11914956,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[Enter Name Here],"This game isnt that bad for the first halo game on pc and im glad that this game works on other windows types cuz i dont have windows 8 or 8.1, I use windows 7 and it will still work!"
,Recommended,277430,11915313,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,elTerminator,It is quite enjoyable! Quite addicting
76561198076824676,Recommended,277430,11915934,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,WilliamSteel,"Even though its small,Its one of the best action games i have played and is unquestionably the best TDS i have ever played."
76561198060700770,Recommended,277430,11917276,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Filtiarn Ulrika,"Not a bad game for only 4.99 and I got my copy for 1.69 on sale, plus it's Halo. The game is short with alot of missions that make a chapter in a story. The story is being told by an AI and your supposed to be watching how other spartans won against all odds and learn from them in a simulation. It's pretty cool and don't buy this thinking it's the Console Spartan Ops please look at the pictures before buying. I give it a 7/10 (Game is kind of short but has a good story)"
,Recommended,277430,11917639,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,K1LLSW1TCH,"Been waiting for a Halo game for PC. I was really hoping this game was like Halo Wars as the graphics kind of looked the same and i liked an RTS Halo game but it's a top-down shooter which still doesn't bother me. Grabbed this game during the Microsoft games sell and it was $1.69 lol i don't think anyone can complain about that. I like the combat and the graphics are really nice. Sound effects are kind of cheesy compared to the rest of the Halo franchise but they work. I love the fact it still has the old Halo nostalgia like the Skulls and i like the different ""Assault Ops"" missions which are like little side missions for each level. Overall a great purchase and i can't wait to play more of this. 8/10, would definitly recommend this game to an Halo fan."
,Recommended,277430,11918663,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,«♪ Coconutnut is a bigbig nut ♫»,"Booted the game. Game introduces missions playable as looking through past records of battles now being used as tactical training simulators using standard issue tablets/computers. Launched a mission. Played a mission. Game crashes during mission. Very realistic game simulator, simulates an actual game and computer crashing.10/10 recommended.PS: On a more serious note, it works well and plays well with an interesting background story, more so when you are a Halo fan. Don't expect too long a game time for this though, it's quite short, but for $3.99, it is worth it.PPS: The game crashes only because I have a crappy PC. So don't worry about the game crashing if you have decent PC specifications."
76561198124551588,Recommended,277430,11918873,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Slendy,"Not exactly what i was expecting...The gameplay is challenging to some aspects but not so to make it impossible like the console games.This is a good start with Over head shooters, hope to see another :3"
,Recommended,277430,11919129,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Ririka Momobami,its a really good game i love it alot!!!!!!!but i want it to have steam workshop it would be really good
,Recommended,277430,11949378,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,blazinmeow,askfhdhfauhkDFHI
,Not Recommended,277430,11942928,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Deblobman,"I did not enjoy playing this game, as I thought, WHOA ANOTHER HALO GAME! ALRIGHT! I prepped myslef for full immersion and was thoroughly dissapoined when it was a top down shooter, and I felt a sense of detachment from the series. Even if it fills some holes, it does not feel worthy to carry the title of a halo game."
76561198116371785,Not Recommended,277430,11953946,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,chewytree,"This game had much more potential, did anyone play it before they released it?  The problem is that there is no free cam on the player so its fixed and because of that, they seem bad.  Did they try to recreate black ops arcade?"
,Recommended,277430,11954255,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,xD34DSTR34Mx,"At first, I thought that this was going to be a terrible spin off but in the end...a great game actually :)"
,Not Recommended,277430,11955734,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Yetixx,"The excitement, adrenelin and awesome set pieces of Halo is what you would expect but like Smash-TV. Prepare for disapointment. Somehow this has none of the HALO magic. Boring and pedestrian.AVOID."
76561198056415638,Recommended,277430,12090640,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TakenLizard,"As far as it goes Halo: Spartan Assault is a decent top-down shooter. I had a lot of fun playing this game, the levels were short and simple and the sound effects reminded me of how much I missed those halo sounds from my xbox days. While it did annoy me how you couldn't pick up a gravity hammer and why there wasn't any co-op features I would still recommend this to any fan of the halo franchise."
,Recommended,277430,11924659,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,BansheeTK,Great Port to PC of the Windows 8 Tablet game/Console Port.The game plays exactly the same with added control schemes* Mouse and Keyboard* Xbox/Gamepad Controller* Touch Screen ControllersEverything runs smooth and has good optimization options as wellIt also features Steam Achievementsm The games microtransactions have been removedHowever it doesn't feature multiplayer like previous versions did.Still a good game
76561198079157454,Recommended,277430,11924685,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Wing Zero,is this some sorf of a joke ? i have an alienware m17 with nvidia 880m and i cant play it at full settings and i there is lots of drop in the fps how come ? is that poorly optimised it cant be  !!
76561198142127917,Recommended,277430,11926125,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Graham Delvaux,"Seen my friend play this and it looked really interesting, I like it ^_^"
,Not Recommended,277430,11926877,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Politicalcoffee,Please stop porting mobile games to PC.... please
76561198020093023,Recommended,277430,11747085,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,suchamoneypit,"Very nice to see a Halo game on steam. It looks great, plays great. Doesn't entertain you for long, but I believe as a halo fan it was well worth the $5. Wish it had co-op.Only con is if you die in a mission, you need to restart completely, comtimes nearing the end of one, and dieing, can cost you 5-10 minutes of gameplay, which can get frustrating."
,Recommended,277430,17111223,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Spencer,dis GAYme is so gud u huve 2 buy pls
,Recommended,277430,17112159,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,z1Linko,Love it
76561198169794614,Recommended,277430,17113949,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MarcusTFox,it is  an ok game
76561198032084188,Recommended,277430,16585646,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,free,action mobil game - could be ok in 75% sale
76561198180990350,Recommended,277430,16731279,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,airtroopthreeninetwo,Fun game. I like playing it when I have to kill a few minutes.
76561197960807589,Not Recommended,277430,16678570,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zewy,I expected something else from this...
,Recommended,277430,16709352,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,M1PY,"Halo Music: CheckHalo Sounds: CheckHalo Atmosphere: Check?Eventhough the game uses a top-down view, it still somehow draws you in. I do recommend a gamepad for playing this game, as it makes aiming a lot easier and moving around aswell. The controls work very well and shooting through tons of halo-franchise trademark aliens is just a hell of a fun activity!The playtime is rather short if you just want to complete the story, 5-6 hours and you are done with it. But if you want to earn 3 Stars in every mission and archieve all the cool things, you will be busier for a lot longer than that, because with skulls for bonus xp, the game gets a lot more challenging and that's a fun thing to do aswell.If you are a fan of the Halo universe and have some spare coin, get this game and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,277430,18944057,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,twitch.tv/weldo88,"It took me about 3.3 hours to beat this game. I give it a solid 8.0 if you are a fan of the Halo series.Its a cheap game with a good side-story and its something different. Good graphis, thew usual bad guys, and all the guns of the origionals."
76561198188739489,Recommended,277430,18967718,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Breff,great game
76561198024406423,Recommended,277430,18766589,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,emperial lead,"Halo Spartan Assault is a fun game. You don't want to buy this game for the 'gameplay', it's just real simple and doesn't really add anything new besides the halo skin. Besides that, there is no co-op in the PC version and that is a shame. The single player is alot of repetition, but will take you a decent time to finisch, compared to the price.You do want the buy the game if you are into Halo lore. The game adds a new part tot the Halo story and is quit enjoyable. I would recommand Halo fans to pick this game up if you have nothing better to do. It should be on you wishlist, but you will not be playing it until deep in the night."
76561198151955501,Recommended,277430,18931455,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JoshMC2000,Well Its not A Fps so thats strange isnt halo the xbox FPS ok well that aside its fun but lake of checkpoints i levels qickly starts to get on your nerves.If your a halo fan you should buy this if you like top down shooters its another good game but plase 343 just make a halo pc game thats an fps plaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! oh and one last thing some of the things that grinded bmy gearse over then the checkpoints in this game are fixed in sparten strike but really there only what 3.99 each you cannot rally expect that mutch
76561198054766153,Recommended,277430,18925326,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,blackenedwhiplash,Surprisingly fun and true to the Halo universe for a top-down shooter.
76561198167978336,Recommended,277430,18451746,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,половой член,i wish there were more missions with the Flood themselves...would be pretty nice to see a grunt being infected by the flood :3 but anyway still a great game
,Recommended,277430,18463202,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Sedagious,yeah yeah it's all fun and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032680458,Not Recommended,277430,18620799,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Fkingluvpizza,I love Halo.  This is not Halo.  Not for a pc at least.
,Recommended,277430,18635315,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zero Sober,10/10better with friends.if only i had friends
76561198022107787,Not Recommended,277430,19088242,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,BazzBro,Its boring and alward to play.
76561198345914029,Recommended,277430,30606098,Posted: 18 March,all,Strongestzero57,I really like this game while its not a full halo game its not priced as one either and as for top down shooters this is one of my favorites. Also I really like the story
76561197962176551,Recommended,277430,18998415,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Tw!tch.,"Fun little thumb stick shooter, grab an xbox controller for more fun.Neat graphics, frantic gameplay, good time killer."
76561198118532911,Not Recommended,277430,19323388,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sicarian,"This game is fun up intill you get to sector D levels becuase it gets super hard and seems impossible getting passed those levels i have failed 1 level 10 times already and im atill on it, im also a really good gamer before you think ""Oh wow a 6 year old is reviewing this game!"" thats not the case so my conclusing is not recomended if youre a moderate gamer, if youre a really experienced gamer then i guess this game would be good for you."
,Not Recommended,277430,19244826,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Col_Crashalot,Just down right sucks not worthy of the halo name
,Recommended,277430,19280444,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,~S9~ Made in China,I LOVE THIS GAME IT FEELS LIKE PLAYING THE REAL HALO BUT IN 3RD PERSON!!!!!!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH! (warning: very highly addictive)
76561197999072624,Recommended,277430,19270373,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Beige&Confused,"Its a solid twin stick shooter, totally worth the $1 I spent on it, recommended."
,Recommended,277430,20815918,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,GrandMasterKai,"It's a simple Top-down shooter that I enjoyed thoroughly. It may not live up to the original FPS, but I think it's worth it. Cheap, too.My only complaint is the lack of Multi-player."
,Recommended,277430,20860580,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Axass,"Completed the campaign and got all the medals. The game manages to channel the spirit and world of the Halo main series quite well, however the plot is lackluster to say the least, narrated through still text for the most part, with just a bunch of CG scenes here and there; I really couldn't get into it, skimmed through most of the text, barely reading it, the focus on war tactics and on the strategic decisions of the UNSC made it kind of boring, as that's a long way removed from the usual Halo plot. The actual shooting feels nice, the combat borrows heavily from standard Halo, transferring the usual tropes of the series inside the twin stick shooter genre almost flawlessly; the missions begin to repeat themselves a little too much after a while, and I'd have preferred more ""traveling"" missions and less timed stuff or escort stuff, however all in all there's a good variety, besides the game's not too long, so it doesn't get boring."
,Not Recommended,277430,15152174,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,"Put it simply this is a mobile port. The controls are awful unless you have a controller and doesn't stand out from other top-down shooters. Short story, isn't really a story, and there isn't any replayability."
,Recommended,277430,11672688,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[RPX]{14}Blade,"When I was looking this game up, one reviewer called it, ""...a pretty decent twin-stick..."" and that's basically this game in a nutshell just with Halo skins, weapons, vehicles, enemies, etc. Originally created for mobile and then ported to PC (go figure that one huh?), this game is worth one play through with little re-playability."
,Recommended,277430,11731516,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,SquirrlyNuts,They sure can make a good game when they want to.
76561198022183171,Recommended,277430,11697655,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Giv_me_more (james),it's a really decent game considering its low value. it's quite enjoyable and have some replayability.
,Recommended,277430,11629436,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,The Consent of Nanking,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042665957,Recommended,277430,11979971,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,cuntosaurus rex,this game is admitedly quite short but it has a large amount of replayability and is great fun to play. i think that the addition of co-op would be great but i think that the game is good enough as it is.
,Recommended,277430,11980948,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Shadow Hugger,"Everything you need to know about Halo: Spartan Assault in a One Minute video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Syq5dK3fTEsFor those who'd rather read than watch:Not a bad purchase at all and probably the best mobile-PC port out there at the moment, save for an irritating EXP system (think currency and you're not far off), dodgy keyboard controls for vehicles and an inexplicable screen format with two corners cut off. It feels and sounds like a proper HALO game, though, and has some nice looking cutscenes.  Would recommend at sale price."
,Recommended,277430,10754314,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,iThinkN7,"A fun little top down shooter set in the Halo Universe.Its a fun game at a good price. The levels are fun filled and enjoyable. Although the driving seems a bit wonky when your in a tank and the ai can be stupid at times.The game comes with achievements, and a point leadeboard system which adds some replayability.If you're a halo fan then you should  give this game a try.7/10."
,Not Recommended,277430,11770006,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Rubik Panda,"Oh goody a Halo game on the PC!After Playing it: AWW GOD IT BURNS MY EYES AND MY FINGERS WHILE PLAYING!!!!Spartan Assault is that kind of game that is a terrible port of a mobile game, don't worry, in the UK you can get you hands amputated for free after playing this."
76561198011965114,Recommended,277430,11774749,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Birdman X,I didnt hate a single thing about this game so far. Controls work. Graphics are nice and smooth. Like trying to see how fast I can do each level with out heads up display. 5 dollar price tag is not bad. I guess you either are gonna love it or hate it.
76561198017439069,Recommended,277430,11223424,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,BaRdOckDBZ,its cool
,Recommended,277430,12187513,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[WIKING] Lagerkommandant,"I got this for sale, for like £1.34, and I wasn't disappointed. It's not a Halo FPS but it is a pretty decent game. I recommend it for fans of Halo and/or fans of top-down shooters"
76561198087605206,Recommended,277430,12188818,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Alex_PyroManiac,It's a very nice casual game. The game itself is very short. The gameplay is cool with a controller and overall the story isn't that much juicy but is still nice. Overall I'd reccomend to buy it if it is ever on sale.
,Recommended,277430,12182689,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,new.Target,"Game delivers exactly what it promises, a Halo feel in bite sized packages. Missions take less than 5 minutes each so far, I look forward to completing it and then earning gold medals for each level."
76561198098540620,Recommended,277430,11415040,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Sajjad,Really good PC game but not a good Halo game
,Recommended,277430,11396444,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ginga Diuchu,"Thinking That A New Halo Called Halo : Spartan Assault Was Stupid, But When Playing I Was Amazed By How Well the Mechanics Were Done And I Was Impressed and had a good reason to call this halo. but like many this game is not meant for everyone, unlike a halo FPS This Faced Directly on Palmer and Other Spartans , and Is Mostley In My Theory Is Based on the Spec Ops Side Campaign Of Halo 4. So my verdict is a 8/10 With a Badass Mark On Palmers Crew."
76561198071430243,Recommended,277430,11459908,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,mynamachef,"A pritty good game especially if your a Halo fan with no Xbox/Xbox360/Xbox (like me) One as Halo CE, Halo 2 and Halo spartan assault are the only halo games that have alocated to PC as well as the varios Xbox consoles. But its a fun game even if your not  a big fan of Halo. (Hope this helped even a little)"
,Recommended,277430,11447133,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,277430,11449955,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ExorcistPlex.,"Different gameplay experience for longtime Halo fans, but nonetheless entertaining for its low low price."
76561198042734972,Not Recommended,277430,11238875,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Aligned Manatee,"on some missions getting a gold star means being completely perfect not missing an oppourtunity for killionaires it was fun up until it was a requirement for a gold star even with a score boost and 4x xp from skulls (which negatively affect your gameplay)while gold isn't required to progress it is required for those who like to 100% a game or get all achievements and unless you chain killionaires on certain levels it can just be impossiblethere's also rng with when enemies throw grenades and while a sticky won't kill you 2 grenades at your feet willthe spawn system means unless it's pre-determined if 1 enemy is left alive the rest won't spawn which ruins your killionaire combo because 1 elite decided to book it behind you somewherethe elites are very fast but fairly weak, except for cloaking elites which seem to regenerate shields instantly, silver grunts are bullet sponges as are jackalsbecause of the spawn system and jackals being hard to kill they can often ruin a killionaire combo. grenades do help but the grenade aiming is semi-predictable at best, throwing a grenade and running usually makes it go in front of youon one mission there is unpredictable wraith artillery it loves to smash right next to the ammo cache you need to survive and knocks your shields out in a single hit"
76561198079447607,Recommended,277430,11281872,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,sugen,i love this game but i really wish halo 2 or 3 would be put on steam
,Recommended,277430,11308160,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Dark Shockwave,Halo is my favorite video game franchise and this game is kind of like Halo Wars but you play as a soldier. I wish it had multiplayer or co-op. Overall rating 8/10
76561198065425782,Recommended,277430,11318193,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Cabwse,The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son between Halo: Reach and Halo: Wars.
,Recommended,277430,11173515,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,JoelDYT,its honestly not a bad game! get it and youll see :))
,Recommended,277430,11154964,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Darkzin906,great game! i love it and its worth it.
,Not Recommended,277430,11350994,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Shadow0599,"This game is just a bunch of repetetive missions, that drive you f***ing CRAZY!!! It is not satisfying whatsoever for me to play this game but I'm kindof a completionist...  If you want to get this game, i'm ok with that and that's your choice, but this is not a very good Halo game. The only part it got right was the rage factor.... >:("
76561198091493222,Recommended,277430,11352045,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Commissar SerSjin,i like this game but why the f**k did you think it was a good idea to make the flood a f**king xdox only thats a really♥♥♥♥♥♥move
76561197972918580,Recommended,277430,9976183,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Stalbon,"This is a neat little top-down isometric shooter.  If you like those types of games, I suggest giving it a look.  If you like Halo, I suggest it even more.  There are no set difficulties, but you can add in up to two hindrances to yourself to make each mission more difficult for more reward.  Add in to that a decent 'loadout' option before each mission, and you can certainly change the way you play each time.  Even so, I doubt you'll spend more than five hours on this.  It's that short.  While the accompanying storyline plays out in an interesting fashion, I might have hoped for more replayability than daily/weekly 'challenges'.  Still, for $5, I found it rather fun."
,Recommended,277430,9984057,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Lampy,Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo Halo
76561198093848916,Recommended,277430,10040964,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,i am L,"Great game, Very fun. Real cheap to, its a must have i love it!"
,Recommended,277430,10040992,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,TheAmericanPC96,This is a great and fun game :)
76561198070997482,Recommended,277430,10041924,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Thane_Of_Cawdor,This game is very very very very very COOL!The campaign is pretty good and looks Realistic.I hope they will add Co-op and multiplayer. Can't wait to release it!Pls add Halo 3 and 4 :D
76561198116929647,Recommended,277430,10037721,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,kevmissshad,"I love this game,"
76561198047304896,Recommended,277430,15392781,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,DJ Kahleed,"Halo has always been my favorite series... a Short game yes, it still is fun to play being halo. It's not an RTS but is a top down shooter and pretty fun."
,Recommended,277430,15435782,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Teranozavr reks,Nice
,Recommended,277430,15440869,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ludi,"It may not be everybody's cup of tea.But for halo fans like myself, it make's a healthy edition to any game library."
76561198047749455,Recommended,277430,15443021,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Upright,Pretty good.....I think I'd rather be playing FPS Halo though. I give it a 7/10
,Not Recommended,277430,11189902,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Thievius,Almost as boring as Halo 4.
,Recommended,277430,15420566,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,DuckMan,Great Game I Am Not Really A Halo Fan But First Graphics Kinda Good But Gameplay Is Amazing
76561198000935569,Recommended,277430,15421151,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Beli,Great game
,Recommended,277430,15497790,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,elopez251,Pretty fun especially if your a fan of the Halo Genere
,Recommended,277430,15571332,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Watcher-1287,"One of the best top-down shooters I've ever played. Gameplay can be hard, as the enemies can be hard to hit, since they're constantly dashing around obstacles. My first thought when I was bobbing in and out of cover, ""Yeah, this is Halo alright"" Halo is one of my favorite series ever, I HIGHLY recommend that you give this game a try!"
76561198144378128,Recommended,277430,15618692,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Morpley,Gr8 Gramphics Gr8 Grameplay 10/10 ign
76561198119605173,Recommended,277430,15450827,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,LegoBuilder64,"The game is short, but chalenges offer a lot of replayability. However levels are so short that grinding them to complete a chalenge can get repettive.A fun time waster non-the-less"
,Not Recommended,277430,15036711,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,RossJBD,Shame that this has the HALO name attached to it. Not worthy of it whatsoever. Not a good Tablet port and it should of stayed there.
,Recommended,277430,16042638,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MrSkipRat,Respectable 4-hour romp.
76561198136184350,Recommended,277430,15920428,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Admiral__Snackbar,"Its a neat game, with great back-round art, and its an interesting spin on the halo universe. It is a game that you can sit down and play when you only have 15 minutes. It does have some downsides, the biggest being a lack of re-playability, no multiplayer, short rounds and some pay to win mechanics. Overall a good game but one to wait for a sale before buying."
,Recommended,277430,15913370,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,kenken_yingying,Goodbye grunts. Halo corpses.
,Recommended,277430,15982521,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,WhyImSingle,-:Review:-I'm a big fan of the Halo franchise and i own all of the halo's.I bought this game on sale thinking it would give me about 10 mins of gameplay (how i was wrong). I would recommend this game to the die hard halo fans and the twin stick enthusiast. it has a very good art style and the cutscenes are very cartoon like (in the good way) and has a replay value. For what its worth very good game. 8/10-:What it needs:--A multiplayer/co-op mode of some sort-A survival mode
,Recommended,277430,15852024,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Jignjip,"Has the Halo feel, which I love.I wish that Microsoft would release more halo titles for the PC."
76561197975906942,Recommended,277430,14328221,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Spit,"Nice Topdown Shooter for all Halo-Fans.Pros:+ easy controls+ halo universe incl. weapons, enemies, vehicles etc.+ 4-6 missions divided in each chapter (A-E)+ MPs from halo 2 are as ""useful"" in mid/long range combat as they are in halo 2 ;)Cons:- ""no chief"" :<- isn't really difficult to master, even on the highest difficultyRecommended to overcome your momentarily boredom of playing the same games over and over again. Of course great for Halo fans.Great Game for a small pocket, bought it during Sale (2,xx€) definitely worth the money.So gear up and kick some alliances♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198043982869,Not Recommended,277430,15778698,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Wintermute,"This game would be really fun if it was Firefight: The Game. Unfortunately it isn't, and that's a shame because it has all the right things for it to be."
,Not Recommended,277430,15733355,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Karma,Not really worth it. Couldn't even get the game controller to work with this game and there was 0 willingness from the developer to give any support on this matter.I eventually found a way to play it by using a different steam account and was really underwhelmed by the quality.Do not buy unless you're a real Halo fanboy.
