user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,277560,22573032,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Faudraline,"Don't let the ""Hidden Object"" tag deceive you!Where Angels Cryis a mediocre point and click adventure with the environment progression of a HOG, but... without any actual HOG scenes whatsoever. Sure, it contains a selection of unimaginative puzzles and constant item collection - and it almost excites you with the promise of a medieval mystery as it starts - but sadly the game cannot avoid ending up as a short and tedious adventure with a distasteful plot presentation.It is the Year of Our Lord, 1286 and as I have stated before, we are promised a medieval mystery. We take the role of a nameless monk who'd be sent to a secluded monastery set high in the Alps from Vatican, to investigate the murder of a fellow monk and the miraculous phenomenon of an angel statue crying blood as we are already there. So far, so good. We haveThe Name of the Roseatmosphere mixed up with Wainwright'sStigmatastoryline. Yet, the actual thing here has little to do with either of these fine stories. No one knowing your true identity, you are mostly free to investigate the monastery that consists of 4 areas and a village nearby. With each passing moment and each new discovery, my expectations diminished with the game until the last scene - which was the moment that I threw my already diminished basket of expectations out of the window.Here in this paragraph, I'll be ranting about story and concept build up, so whomever would like to try this game and avoid spoilers, please skip ahead or stop reading. First of all, I know that the given concept here must have been tempting to hurl in all medieval clichés, but there really should be an orderly and meaningful way to do that instead of all this soup of terms like ""sin"", ""temptation"", ""sacrifice"", ""Angels"", ""Templars"" etc. Whomever arranged the storyline, clearly has a vague outline of the concept and kept throwing in these notions until they somehow stuck together to make a setting. The storyline is so badly arranged, it crumbles to pieces the moment you'd ask an intelligible question like""why the f*ck the Spear of Destiny is here of all places?""or""what has done the prior abbot so meaningful and beautiful that an angel would descend from heaven to cry for him?”See, all these questions have no satisfactory answers. There is just the accumulation of medieval motifs, hoping to build up a storyline eventually.Environment art is considerably dull and badly rendered compared to pretty screenshots that we see in the store page. Those are taken from the iPad/Android version with enhanced graphics. Environment design itself is somewhat alright, but nothing actually breathtaking. Apart the main character, all others are voice acted properly but the dialogue text itself is agonizing, ridden with the unnecessary - and narratively false - amount of usage for words like ""nay"", ""pray tell"", ""alas"" for everyone around to establish a false sense of authenticity! It was hilariously contradictory to see a simple peasant woman capable of using Shakespearean terms - completely wrong though!The game consists of 7 short chapters which would give you approximately 3 hours of gameplay. You are to walk around, collect random items disguised in a similar color palette environment, use them in appropriate places and solve a selection of easy puzzles now and then. That's basically it. We have already an achievement system here in the game which has never been converted to actual Steam achievements sadly - lessening to need for exploring the game to an unnecessary extent.I hear that the game has a sequel - which would be far better than this, I hope. Even if you are strictly into medieval concepts like me, I wouldn't recommend the game. For casual HOG lovers, there are surely greater games you may explore. For the adventure gamer: avoid the game like the plague.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,277560,9281172,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Hexadecimale,"So far this is a pretty well executed casual point and click game developed by a very small team compared for the price.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game, it is a casual game and a small casual game gem for the price, or while waiting for the 2014 game of your choice. It will transport you in that world.The game definitely has cinematic ambition for mood, plot, etc..Settings are well thought and bring good mood.Designs are well created.Voice acting....while it is pretty good acting and it is the team's choice, I believe it is better to stick with original voice actor instead of trying to pull accents even though it is supposed to be in the alps, hopefully it does not dither to suspension of disbelief but it definitely can be confusing for very short time, so my definite choice would have been ""speak English or Italian for a good majority of the acting and elder monk(s) or special key role(s) (for example) can use a mix.Character animation are limited and that is a good thing in this case and game.Total hours played does not say much about my experience. I stumble on this game on Steam while working on Photoshop, Maya, Mudbox, and Articydraft open at same time, although I repeat again this game may suffer of a little - here and there, it definitely is worth it overall and I had to voice up before I go back to work or it would grind me all day long ;-)"
76561197963164050,Recommended,277560,9283571,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,NighT WolF,"A rather short, but well made adventure. If you like games like Myst or The 11 Hour, this is something for you. It has some nice puzzles, minigames, dialogues, finding and combination of items and all of them are possible with logical thinking. Of course, it also has some strange puzzles where my first thought was ""that was unnecessary complicated"", but they were not too much weird, like using a rubberduck to build a trampoline. The price of that game is really surprising. The voice acting is well done, it has beautiful music which fits perfectly into the game (for the most time) and quite decent graphics, even though the world looks rather stiff sometimes and they could have animated a little bit more. But for just 5 euro you cant do anything wrong and i would say the game is even 10-15 euro worth."
,Not Recommended,277560,9578656,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,zedexguy,"I like casual point and click adventure games, and picked up this and Nightmares from the Deep on sale. I enjoyed the latter, but this? There is hardly anything here. No story, the object hunting is tiresome, ridiculously short, and the puzzles unoriginal. (Tower of Hanoi? Really, guys?)Give it a wide pass even if on sale."
,Not Recommended,277560,9284780,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,sherpajack,"This is a glorified hidden picture game with barely any plot and no significant logic puzzles worth mentioning. If you want something mindless and casual it may do the trick, but I regret the purchase."
,Recommended,277560,9561895,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Shyhalu,"Its a decent hidden object game.  For 5 bucks I felt it was money well spent.The voice acting was ok, the storyline was somewhat interesting but I kinda felt urged to continue to play just to find more objects and puzzles. The storyline wasn't really motivating.Its certainly not a triple A title but I enjoyed most of the puzzles and digging around for hidden objects.This is like a stocking stuffer for people who enjoy hidden object games, I would definitely recommend it for anyone with modest expectations."
,Not Recommended,277560,19196350,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mr Torgue High-Five Flexington,"A couple of nasty puzzles in this one - if it sounds delicious you might be tempted to try this game already!First off though - it's short. Sure, the same could probably be said of all hidden object games, depending on your skill, perception and how many H/O games you've already played, but this could probably be blazed through in two hours.The visuals and settings are not bad. Objects aren't very hidden - they sort of stand out from the scenes a bit, in their shading and also a vague object outline. People are a bit wooden - moreso than other H/O games I've played. They have minimal or no animation to them, and even the voice-acting doesn't strike me as particularly good. The monks are often high-pitch, at least one sounds nasal, most sound like Americans. I believe going for a more traditional voice cast would have been a pro move as the voices do tend to detract from the immersion.The story is ok. It could do with a little work - the first half of the game is repetitive at times, a lot of revisiting the same scenes, a lot of finding the same object just on a different day. Might as well take that bucket of water to bed at night, save yourself the trouble.The art is a bit simple and bland, definitely worth a spruce up. More scenes would help with this.Compared to other H/O games out there, this one let me down. While it does have achievements, these are currently not on Steam, only in-game. There are no steam cards either. But even if there were, I still think my final verdict would be the same. Get it heavily discounted or not at all, 4/10 for effort."
,Not Recommended,277560,29511080,Posted: 26 January,all,shiaakuma,"Although I normally love this type of game and have an absolutely stupid number of them, this particular one is not passing muster with me.  Skip to the end for the TL;DR version of this review.I could forgive the mediocre graphics.  They seem simplistic and lackluster compared to some of the vibrantly detailed comparable games, but they get the job done.I could also forgive the simplistic and unoriginal puzzles.  After all, most of these games recycle the same types of puzzles over and over again, and it wouldn't be the first time that I came across a tedious Tower of Hanoi puzzle.  If you're looking for actual hidden object scenes, look elsewhere; I didn't find a single one in this game.These things aren't egregious for a simple time-killer of a game. I can forgive them.What I cannot forgive is the game-breaking bugs that will force you to either start over from the beginning or quit the game in disgust.  I got to a point where I absolutely could not find another item I needed, so I gritted my teeth and used the hateful ""HINT"" button (I really dislike using hints!) so I could progress.The hint took me to a place and told me to use the object that I couldn't find in the first place.  You heard it correctly, the hint told me to use an item I HAD NOT PICKED UP YET and could NOT find.  After further research, I discovered that there is apparently some sort of bug where necessary items are in the same screen/scene as minigames, and if you don't pick it up immediately before finishing the minigame puzzle, you are completely borked.  Utterly, thoroughly, and irrevocably borked.  But the game doesn't realize you're borked, and acts like you are holding it the whole time.  Baffling.So you can either restart the game, or quit in disgust.  I chose to quit in disgust.  The game is simply not compelling enough or of good enough quality to wade through it a second time and pray the same thing doesn't happen again.Had this not happened, I would have finished, and given it a conditional recommendation (try it out if you're out of other comparable ones to play, pick it up on a big sale, use it to kill some time as long as your expectations aren't high, etc.).  But with these bugs (and the fact that it has happened to other people in different parts of the game as well, so it's not an isolated error), I am changing this to a fervent ""not recommended"" verdict.TL;DR - The mediocre graphics and puzzles are not enough of an excuse to pick up a game that could easily force you to restart multiple times if you happen to hit one of the several game-breaking item bugs."
,Not Recommended,277560,17992174,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Michael Culbertson,"The scenery is interesting, but that's about all there is to this incredibly short point-and-click adventure game. The voice acting is sub-par, and the story flimsy. Most of the action consists in collecting random objects that everyone has carelessly strewn about the monestary. The logic puzzles are mostly achievable and mildly diverting, except for one mini-game near the end that consists of a bejeweled-style ""battle"" with a Knight Templar. It perhaps wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't a timed exercise. I nearly didn't finish the game on account of the task, but finally decided to skip it to press on to the uninspiring end."
,Not Recommended,277560,10213218,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Pocket Nerd,"This is a terrible, awful, crazy-making game. The antagonists behave in idiotic, self-sabotaging ways; the voice acting would be an embarrassment in a game from 1995; and the puzzles simply make no sense. (Restacking crates magically makes a ruby appear?Why?!) And of course no bad adventure game would be complete without a generous dose of find-the-one-interactable-pixel scavenger hunts.Where Angels Crysimply isn't worth its price point; even if it were free it wouldn't be worth your time."
76561198154757644,Recommended,277560,13300018,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,simdel,"I bought this title at the same time as another title by this company, Black Rainbow. This one is much better as the storyline is more interesting and the setting is in a mediaeval monastery and village - what could be better!The best aspect of this game is the artwork. Backgrounds are nicely drawn and provide a good atmosphere.The game is very simple though and too easy to complete. I played on the hardest of 3 difficulty levels and did not need a walkthrough or hint of any form at any point.In fact, one of the most annoying occurences of this game is that it really dioes its best to try to give you hints, even when you don't want one. It has a hint timer and then a stupid book that keeps shaking and desperately wants the player to open it to read an obvious hint or blatant answer. I think it would have been much better to do away with the book and the hint timer on Challenge difficulty mode.The story is ok, but a bit daft, but serves the purpose. The ending is poor, as it is so abrupt with absolutuely no confrontation or one last big puzzle. One of the most disappointing endigs I have seen in a game.The puzzles are either find inventory items (very easy) or minigame tasks, which are almost all very easy apart from one, which took me about 45 minutes and that was a slider to get a square block past smaller blocks and out of the puzzle frame.Some of the voice acting is cringeworthy, particularly the attempt at an Italian accent by the person who voices the monastery cook.It is a simple, casual game and not a full on adventure game. However, I am glad I played it.I wouldn't recommend paying too much for it though."
,Recommended,277560,21850182,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Bassem,"Mixture of hidden object, point & click, and puzzlePixel hunting can be annoying, but the game offers hints and an option to highlight interactive elementsVoice acting between passable and bad, but nothing painful (except one voice)Story casual, mildly interestingItems that were not in a scene will show up later, which means you have to look at each scene repeatedly as if it's the first time you see it. Unusual, but you get used to it.Puzzles are the strong point of this game, engaging and varied (don't be fooled by the Towers of Hanoi early on, the following puzzles are much better)Very nice musicGraphics are okay, nothing special, good enough for this type of gameNice in-game achievements but no Steam achievementsBetween 2.5 and 3.5 hrs playtimeOverall a good casual game, frustrating at times but always with hints available if needed. You can even skip puzzles."
,Recommended,277560,9377814,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Angel,"Where Angels Cry is an okay game, considering I was expecting more of a point and click adventure and not a hidden object game (which this was mostly though it had some mini puzzles that weren't hidden object). The disappointment I found was the length of the game. To me, it was too short. I beat it rather quickly, and while it gives 3 different levels to play on, I'm sure now that I beat it in adventure mode it would take me no time at all for the other ones. I had issues in the market scenes when I was supposed to find the parts to fix the wagon. The game glitched and didn't allow me to find one of the parts I needed so I had to start over, which also was a bit of a disappointment."
,Recommended,277560,13691582,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RileyCasper 🐎,"This game has a beautiful story line (if you're into angels and religion.) For a point and click hidden objects, and a puzzle game. It's quite entertaining. Although it is quite short, its fun to do all the achievements and want not."
76561198043517958,Not Recommended,277560,9597895,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Transition to the Hug Standard,"Unfortunately, the worst of a lot of things; pixel-hunting for hidden objects, the same puzzles several times in a row, and an ending that's going to confuse (and/or offend) people of a certain belief. While not offended, I was certainly confused by some of the logical implications.Thanks to game layout, I usually started collecting puzzle parts before I found any use for them, which made me one of the most puzzling things in the game, since I would wander in and start taking random things. And who the heck kept taking the bucket right back off and hiding it again? I just put that together for the third time in about six hours!Probably the sort of game someone might do in-between while doing something else, or stopping and starting frequently ."
,Not Recommended,277560,9555696,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,nosevole,"Very short game, completed in less than 2 hours on hardest setting. Nice graphics, but no depth to the plot. In my opinion, not worth the money."
76561198064540185,Recommended,277560,14517761,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,solia_o,This a meh for me. Idk the game has an atmosphere but somehow fails to go beyound that or utilize it better. The art is decent. Story wise it falls short. I'd say if it's on sale sure go ahead and get it otherwise you won't be missing much.The only reason I'll give it the ok is because I got stuck on one of the puzzles and took me a while to figure it out.
76561198010806767,Recommended,277560,23516827,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Gyseren,Where Angels Cry will not run with windows 10. Lots of STEAM games has got that problem!?!?
76561198039084215,Recommended,277560,30196834,Posted: 26 February,all,De Luca - InvestGames,InvestGames:https://investgamesblog.wordpress.com/- BLOGhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvDyLS4_kwbz8gYallU5g
,Not Recommended,277560,11227857,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Remy Ys,"Very easy, and now I'm block in the chapter 6. I can't take the shaft separator :-("
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,277560,24572324,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,Lame Game.
76561197972279378,Not Recommended,277560,11116623,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,mystemo,"Not quite an adventure game but a better developed hidden object game is the best way I can summarise this experience. Some good puzzles, especially towards the end, but the negatives just tip it the wrong direction. Bad graphics, dodgy voice acting, some quite linear gameplay, and for 2 hrs, too short. The story could have been fleshed out a bit more but felt rushed. For the right price this is a short time killer but don't expect much depth here."
76561197983063764,Not Recommended,277560,22469408,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,WanderingPalm,"A short and simple point-and-click adventure with maybe a dozen minigames, including a piano key simon-says, match-3, a sliding puzzle, and a several variations of ""turn off all the lights"". Also included, are the two standard brain teasers: 3 sheep and 3 dogs need to cross a river on a boat; and 3 black pegs and 3 white pegs need to swap sides by jumping over one another (admittedly, those puzzles are kind of hard to describe, but anyone who knows puzzles has played these before).The variety is a little lackluster, but it passes the time."
,Not Recommended,277560,12455469,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Zedd's dead,"For the money I cannot recommend the game.  The story is choppy but clear, the graphics are very basic and the puzzles are very easy.  All in all not worth over 3 or 4 dollars with so many better offerings to be had."
,Not Recommended,277560,17478904,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,starwolf,"I'm a huge adventure/point n click/h.o.g. fan most of the time, so I really wanted to give this a good review. If you would have asked me during the first half of the game I would have likely said 'sure, buy it on sale', but they took a somewhat interesting religious/fantasy story filled with monks and intrigue and templars and well.. they just dropped the ball. Probably lost it while hiding all those damn marbles. The game is attractive enough. the graphics are not amazing, but nice. , It has some fairly interesting puzzles, though most of them made little sense with regard to story and surroundings and ..sigh.. the storyline.. well we kinda covered that. Don't expect an amazing ending. The voice acting was horrible and lackluster and where it should have drawn me into the story, it left me yawning and wishing a comet would fall on someone's head instead, preferably mine, by the end of the game.If you can pick it up for a buck or two, and expect nothing, you'll get an hour or so of something mildly entertaining, at best, to pass the time."
76561198005654011,Recommended,277560,15761744,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Andrew,"This is a pretty good hidden object / adventure game with some smart puzzles and a decent plot.To save yourself some headaches, turn the voice acting OFF before you start... while some actors are decent, others are downright terrible and they were driving me crazy until I muzzled them.  Once quieted, the game was far more enjoyable."
