user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,277890,12270777,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,✠ Prodigal ✠,"Sit your lily♥♥♥♥♥down because I'm about to tell you the story about one of the greatest IP's in gaming history.Shantae originally came out on Game Boy Color in 2001. If you're a normal person, you didn't know this until just now. Even though it didn't sell very well, it was critically acclaimed and in fact, often ranks high in lists of the best GBC games. Aside from just being an absolute blast, it pushed the technocological barriers of the GBC to the max, creating the nicest looking game on the system, hands down.And then they made a second one.Capcom, deciding that Shantae wouldn't sell to the masses (but when has Capcom been right?), decided NOT to publish the sequel, known as Shantae Advance. Skip forward six years, and Wayforward finally manages to publish their own game for the 3DS, but this beauty right here didn't come out until 2010.So what is Shantae: Risky's Revenge? The best goddamn platformer on this planet, that's what (at least until Pirate's Curse and Half-Genie Hero comes out). It takes place shortly after the original Shantae, pitting the eponymous half-genie belly dancer against her rival, Risky Boots, the sexy pirate. I won't ruin the story, because it seems elementary at most, but goddamn does the game play great.The graphics are reminiscent of a SNES game, but plays much more smoothly. It's an art style that some will undoubtedly hate, but that's the way it is. The music. Jesus Christ of Al Qaeda, I could write an entire novel on why Jake Kaufman is one of the most underrated composers of all time. The songs sound great and add to the atmosphere of the game (just sit down for a while in Tangle Forest, you won't regret it), and many of the most famous tunes from the original Shantae were remastered for this game too (such as Burning Town and the boss theme). The gameplay is your standard platformer: jump and attack. You also have the option to equip magic spells and backdash (sounds a bit like Symphony of the Night, eh?) Additionally, Shantae learns a few dances throughout her journey that allow her to turn into animals such as a monkey and elephant that are needed to progress.The world is colorful and brimming with life, which reflects well on all the other characters (even Risky Boots herself pops out and has a vibrant personality). The game follows the concept of Metroidvania, which means you can roam freely around a 2D world, but can't access specific areas without finding certain objects first. Luckily, the game does a good job of hinting at where you should go so we don't feel like we're being dragged along. The characters are unique, and along with an excellent script, display their own personalities and mannerisms. The script isn't too indepth or intricate, but it's enough to give the characters their own sense of uniqueness (Abner Cadaver's a damn good example).There are two complains though. Two major flaws that strike early on: the control layout, and the map.Honestly, it is a ♥♥♥♥ing miracle I survived the tutorial battle. You're not given any prompts on how to attack, which wouldn't be a problem with a controller, but a keyboard has a ♥♥♥♥♥on of keys. My only advice is to go the options beforehand and change most, if not, all the pre-existing keys. After a few minutes of tinker(bats)ing, I managed to find a layout that wouldn't make my hand cramp after a few minutes of playing.The map is the spawn of Satan. What the ♥♥♥♥ was Wayforward thinking when they designed it. I've been playing this game for (at the current time of the review) 6 hours, and I cannot figure out which way I am supposed to be looking at it. It's difficult to explain, but once you see a picture of the map, you'll understand the reason it sucks.Overall, 10/10, would ♥♥♥♥ Shantae"
,Recommended,277890,11252736,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hipster Elephant,"I played this first on iOS, and I had a blast playing it. I liked it enough that I bought it on DSi and Steam.Pros:FunnyCute ArtworkExcellent MetroidvaniaGreat CharactersCons:Map system, although improved for the directors cut, still isn't the best thing ever.Pretty ShortI'd still say get it, it's really fun."
,Recommended,277890,11252409,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DJ Pon3,"It's a Brilliant game with Impressive design mechanics for it's time!So far from what I have played it's identical to the Phone version.But overall this game is a gem, if you enjoy oldschool platforming then this game is for you!This is the perfect platformer, It's simply proof that the 2D side-scrolling formula still holds up after all these years. The characters are fun and quirky, the story is weird and loose, and the game as a whole is quite the pleasure to play!Shantae: RR's controls are as simple as it's predecessor's: you can jump (A), Whip (X), Dance (Y), Use Items (start), and do a backwards dash (LB)Dancing is also very simple, you just hold the button til the right formation, and then release.Items can now be bought and used indefinitely, as long as you have Magic in your Meter which is simple enough, just by killing a few enemies or finding pots located all over the maps.Which that is probably my only real negative so far, the map, it's a bit wierd I suppose but I am starting to get use to it with time so there is that.If you enjoyed action adventure such as Metroid and Zelda series then you will positively adore this wonderous game!Make sure to pick this game up as soon as possible, there needs to be more Shantae in the world!"
,Recommended,277890,13931774,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,applebaps,"Lemme start off by saying that this is gonna be a long review and mostly about the series in the context of gaming as a woman, so for people who don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shantae is a 9/10 metroidvania platformer (complete with time- and completion-based end pics) that's a bit on the short side but a ton of fun and has decent replay value.Okay, here's the rest of what I wanted to say.As a woman, you get used to seeing your gender treated like sexy furniture in video games for the most part (realistic simulation of life in the real world).  You might not like it, but if you enjoy playing games as I do, you sorta learn to ignore it, I guess, or at least not be mad about it every time it happens, or you'd never stop being mad, and that's exhausting.Sometimes, a game will let you choose your sex at the start of the game, and usually that's an indication that your character's sex is meaningless as far as the story is concerned, which isn't quite the same thing as celebrating or embracing women... or men, let's be fair.  Are there any complex video game epics about the difficulties of What It Is To Be A Man? nah.  But as a girl I wanna talk about girl problems, not guy problems.  Anyway, there are very, very few games that have even tried to include things about the feminine experience in there, and even fewer that get it right.  There's a thing I like to call ""Joss Whedon feminism"", where you take the ""virgin/♥♥♥♥♥"" point of view, but word-replace ""virgin"" with ""Amazon"" and call it good.  What this means is shown pretty well by the recent Tomb Raider remake.In that game, Lara isn't especially female per se, apart from her boobs existing.  She's tough and grr and she overcomes challenges etc.  By the end of that game, yes she's a stone badass and that's cool, but it's not really an exploration of femininity so much as it is an exploration of survivor trauma and effective coping.  Which is fine.  But it's not Shantae.  I also wanna note that people♥♥♥♥♥♥on Tomb Raider for being exploitative when it comes to Lara, but honestly, it doesn't feel that bad to me, playing it.  Granted, the camera is definitely controlled by a dude, but not an especially horny dude, if that makes any sense.  And the game very quickly progresses from Lara being a helpless bunny getting kicked to the one doing the kicking, comin up outta pools of blood like Rambo and♥♥♥♥♥♥  It's pretty cool, actually.  It's a really fun game, I'm not doggin on the gameplay, I loved Tomb Raider.  Just sayin.Super Princess Peach also comes to mind.  This is a bit closer to a game about womanhood, but it still errs in a weird, sort of naive way.  I wanna make clear that I absolutely don't think the team that made this game really had bad intentions when they made it, and hell, it even comes pretty close to the mark.  What I mean is that it acknowledges that intense emotions are part of the feminine experience, and in fact makes those emotions powerful!  They're how Peach interacts with her world and progresses through it, what's more empowering than that?  A big part of being a woman is learning to handle this very intense, very rich inner life that comes with having emotions try to drown you.  Becoming mature as a woman is in large part figuring out how to handle them.  So, to make it so a female character uses her emotions in a constructive way, that's pretty cool!  Problem is, the level design demands rapid switching of emotions, and they're portrayed as really heightened and exaggerated.  Peach comes across as going through puberty or just unstable.  With emotions like anger, it's weaponized.  Peach stomps around through enemies, literally on fire.  Now, was it like that for me when I was younger?  Yeah, absolutely.  But it's not the mark of a mature woman to swing around that wildly or to let your emotions drive you to that degree.The other example I hear is Bayonetta.  I'll give her this: she definitely owns her sexuality, which is something people usually cite as a good thing.  Problem is, it's not a healthy sexuality.  Look at how she treats Cheshire, for instance.  I mean, you can make your arguments for BDSM and all that, and that's fine, but she definitely holds men in a kind of distant disdain, which real loving BDSM doesn't have.  It's the same mistake in the opposite direction.  The game in general is hypersexual (where the women are concerned.  where's my hot man butts and dickbulges?).  The camera is the biggest turnoff.  Definitely a hornier dude behind this one.  You've got the full-body sweeping, focusing on♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥ the spreadeagled special moves, everything is just really uncomfortable to watch and hear.  Bayonetta is a spectacle fighter, and Bayonetta herself is part of that spectacle.  That's an important distinction.  She's not feminine, she's just sexed up.  Throwing your vag into the camera is not empowerment.  It's pandering, and I only ever hear that it's NOT that way from men, because most women know better.  At least, women that aren't trying to be Bayo irl.  It's a fairly common mistake, I'll grant you that.So now we come to Shantae, a series starring a bellydancing sexy half-genie in poofy pants and a bustier that's probably the most empowering, healthiest depiction of a feminine hero I've ever seen.  What?Well, for starters, the bellydancing.  Now, opinions differ, but to me there's few things that are more feminine than the pure joy of physicality.  The simple pleasure of having a body, knowing it well, and expressing yourself using it, having a great time with it, comes pretty close to the heart of womanhood, in my opinion.  Shantae's dances are also the source of her transformative powers, which let her explore the world.  So, here we have the Super Princess Peach thing, but done correctly.Now, is her dancing weaponized?  I'm gonna say no.  You do acquire powerups that give her forms attacks, but they're primarily (except for the mermaid bubbles) used to get places you couldn't before, not to attack enemies.  Also, it's the *forms* that are weaponized, NOT the dances.  There are certain male characters that suggest Shantae should dance to get what she wants, or want her to dance for them, but she never does this, and you're never required to dance for anyone other than you, by the game.  This is a great thing.  In the 1st game there's a stage where you can dance for money, but it's just there.  It's not like you have to do it.  There are strip clubs irl, but you won't see me there; to each her own.This brings me to Shantae's sexuality.  Shantae is friggin adorable, with jiggle in the right places, all lovingly animated.  But it's not excessive.  She dresses in skimpy outfits, but those outfits are basically her bellydancing uniform (irl accurate), and it's all about the same stuff I said before with the dancing itself.  It's a celebration of the female form, and I don't feel like it's super creepy or anything.  She never uses it to get ahead, even with Bolo the perv.  It's done well.  There's definitely some more fan-servicey moments in the third game, but the way they're done pokes fun at gamers who might be enjoying em too much.What's really fascinating to me is Risky Boots, with her high heels on a pirate ship (looks over practicality), her domination of her male crew, how she carries herself.  She's a symbol of Bayo-style sexuality, how to Do It Wrong, the traps you can fall into as a woman.  She naturally inspires the ""take her down a peg"" impulse.  Even her boobs are bigger than Shantae's (in 2 and 3)!  Great villain.  The fact that the game is thinking about a potential female player is HUGE.  Nobody does that!Overall, too, the variety of female characters and how they're written shows writing that cares about and knows women.  I have friends like Rottytops and Sky, and friend/enemies like Risky (and Rotty).  It's believable.So, this series rules, and as a woman I really love that it both exists and is fun."
,Recommended,277890,11266409,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Big Bang Blitz,"A good port of one of the best Metroid style games ever.Originally released on DSI in 2010 and hasn't lost a step since then staying entirely relevant. The pixelated graphics arew animated masterfully, controls are impeccable. Great soundtrack, and effects. The writing is even entertaining (the part where a character is lauded for having huge bowels is one of note). It's charming, polished and timeless, with a really great price point. A++"
,Recommended,277890,12743745,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Aion,"Shantae is one of those classic platformers that pretty much does everything right. From the range of her magical abilities such as her transformation power, spells, her hair and, ofcourse, her funny personality makes this entry of the Shantae series just as good or even surpass the previous installment for the Game Boy Colour."
,Recommended,277890,11284282,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,MeleeKirby,"A game that was originally in development for GameBoy Advance, got scrapped, and eventually finished development as a DSiWare title, WayForward's latest Shantae release is actually an updated ""HD"" port of the second installment, which is more or less identical, but with the ""HD"" aspect being lovely redrawn character artwork during the cutscenes in place of the relatively pixelated illustrations on the DS.The ""Director's Cut"" part of the game is a new feature known as Magic Mode, which is unlocked after beating the game once. It's basically a ""Second Quest"", replaying the game again with more magic capacity, but receiving double the damage. You also get a new costume, both in illustrations and in spritework.Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut is a really fun, if somewhat short platforming adventure. It features a Metroidvania style of gameplay with gradual progression in upgrades both found and bought, as well as the ability to cast various magic attacks and transform into various creatures in order to use their special abilities when needed. And like most of WayForward's games, the soundtrack is top notch too. Highly recommended if you enjoy fun and colorful platformers."
,Recommended,277890,11252290,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Dirty D,"Tight controls, witty and hilarious dialogue, amazing music, overall fun and rewarding gameplay. Directors cut has a new mode where you can play primarily as a magic caster.If you want a metroid/castlevania crossover, buy this game."
76561198005864269,Recommended,277890,16456369,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Terra Blade,"So this is a short game, and honestly there is no characterization and you apparently need to have played the first gameboy game to really know who these characters are. Yet not only do I love this game but now plan to get the sequel and somehow find a way to play the first.Why you may ask? Shantae is a charming little metroidvania style game. While it isn't big overall, what is there is very charming and helped in no small part by tight gameplay and memorable music. The only sticking point I have was that this was developed for the 3ds...and it shows. Still, the art and scenery are all gorgeous despite that consideration. It should be said that at several times I meant to put the game down and do something else...but just needed to do 'one more thing', which lead to me beating the game.While I don't think you would regret the purchase, if you have any love for platformer metroid style gameplay you shouldn't have any reason to pass on this game during a sale."
,Not Recommended,277890,16890673,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Alien Rope Burn,"Risky's Revenge is... a game that charms and frustrates in equal measure. Though part of that is simply its age, a lot of it has to do with it feeling like a Super Nintendo game in both the goodandbad ways.Despite being what it is - a DSi game sized up to the PC - generally Shantae looks pretty good for its age. It's well-animated with those limitations considered, though the HD graphics used for conversations and menus are both welcome and slightly jarring.One of the big drawbacks, though, coming from the DSi, is that the movement feels slow, and it's coupled with ""stop 'n go"" enemies, like archers that require you to leap up into the air and repeatedly whack to clear them out of your way, or spitting foes that require you to slowly crawl towards them to engage safely. The worst offender are mermaids that appear in droves, which dive into puddles and it feels like it takes forever for them to reemerge. Maybe just a second or two, but it can make tracking back and forth a real chore. For some reason, they opted to put the warp stations to get you from area to area in out-of-the-way places, meaning that there's generally a walk to or from them to get to where you're going. And though in this kind of game you're usually given movement options that make trekking back and forth easier as time goes on, Shantae never really does other than offering new warp stations.The controls work well for the most part, Shantae's transformations serve largely just as the lock-and-key for its exploration antics, with only one form - the monkey - providing a distinct advantage outside of unlocking play fields (it can climb walls and leap higher). Though the three additional forms are well-varied, there's not a world of reason to use them when they aren't needed. Generally, you'll be relying on hair-whipping and magic, though one kind of magic (the spiked ball) stands out above the others, often protecting Shantae and also enhancing her melee capabilities, while the others are far more situational. You'll need them all - there's at least one lock for all them - but they aren't strongly balanced. She also has another costume which basically just reduces her magic cost and increases damage, but unfortunately you can only see it by finishing the game, unlike the iOS version that gave you the option to switch back and forth very early on.Shantae relies on doors that move you across lateral dimensions, and areas like the forest are easily five areas deep. Using the map becomes a necessity at times, since it's easy to get lost otherwise because of this. The forest is a particular offender, and it can be tiresome if you go through the wrong door or lose track of which area you're in at a given moment.That being said, it does have a lot of charm to it, though a lot of the humor is hit-or-miss. Having both a female protagonist and anatagonist is rare and welcome, though the ""sexy"" female enemies feel gratuitious at points. If you're interested in the Shantae series, the plot of this game leads directly into the vastly improved sequel (Pirate's Curse), and it's worth a lark when it's on sale for two bucks and change, since it hardly overstays its welcome unless you focus on collecting everything in the game.  I can't recommend it unconditionally, though, and you have to go in being aware of its foibles. If you're okay with that, it's a decent little exploration platformer, though with Steam exploding with excellent games in that genre, it's hard to recommend it on that alone. It comes from a period where Wayforward was putting out nostalgia efforts that had a lot of cargo cult design, and this definitely feels like its aping games of the 90s without improving on them. It's not a bad game, but PC platforming has gotten so refined that it doesn't quite stand out."
76561198013723081,Recommended,277890,26483291,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"Since i wrote about the third game in the series, i decided to write for the second game in the series for on here. First off, as stated, this is the second game in the series. The original game was released on GBA(Game Boy Advanced). I don't own it, but im sure collectors own it. To see the other game found on steam in this series, please look here at Shantae and the Pirate's Curse:http://store.steampowered.com/app/345820NOTE: At this writing, the next game, Shantae 1/2 half genie hero has not been released, but will be expected to be either this year on steam, or early next year.As for this game, it is quite a fun platformer game where you can explore around. It has hidden items and special powerups that are hidden as transformation moves. Each move allows you to explore more area's of each level to find all the hidden stuff. Anyways, the graphics are whimsical style, reminescent of super nintendo game platformers..and some people even suggested it looks like a anime cartoon made into a video game, which i agree, it does look a bit like that.If you love platformers, this will be right up your alley. Recommended for fun platforming and fun to find all the secrets in the levels."
76561198058381408,Recommended,277890,12922905,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,wambamsamman,the kind of game I have been looking forplatformingsexy girlshair whippingbright and colorfulreasonably difficult but not impossiblediverse colorful backgrounds
76561197989376417,Recommended,277890,12978095,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Biomechanoid,"A fantastic platformer with great level design, has a very colorful world, interesting characters, good balance in difficulty and a catchy and amazing soundtrack. This game pretty much got me interested in this series and now I can't wait until Half-Genie Hero comes out!I highly recommend this game. Buy it!"
,Recommended,277890,11332459,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,管野直枝,"Using old world craftmanship and traditional practices, this game invokes memories of an era gone by, when men were men and herds of Metal Slugs roamed the Great Praries.  This is one of the few games that faithfully recreates the kinds of graphics and gameplay that made this country great.  Shantae is a true American."
,Recommended,277890,11268433,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ValisFantasmSoldier,"Great presentation, cute characters, epic soundtrack, smooth controls, ok graphics and high replay value. Buy this game NOW!"
,Recommended,277890,12833707,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Karuchi-GM,Metroidvania with a layered twist and incredibly cute character design.The best I've played from developer WayForward.
,Recommended,277890,11293361,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ace of Spades,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut:The Shantae series is a metroidvania style game with cute visuals, responsive controls and a fantastic sound track. The games aren't that well known, regardless they are some of the best games of their style.Shantae: Risky's Revengeis the second in the series and was originally a Nintendo DSIWare title, and has been ported to the PC.In Shantae you play as, well, Shantae. Obviously. She is a cute, hair-whipping, belly dancing, half-genie and the defender of a Middle-Eastern town called Scuttle Town. She can perform many dances allowing her to take the form of several creatures. Each of the forms, Monkey, Elephant, and Mermaid, allow her to go places and find secrets otherwise impossible to reach. She also has 3 upgradeable spells she can cast as well as her famous hair-whipping to attack.This game will take you about 5-6 hours to complete, but is highly replayable. Finding all the secrets and completing all the endings can offer even more hours of gameplay. The funny dialogue will keeping you reading, insteading of just mashing buttons to move it along. The gameplay is incredibly fun, making every playthough enjoyable.Verdict: 86/100Buy this game."
76561198030384775,Recommended,277890,32965829,Posted: 28 June,all,brainchewer,"I decided to pick this game up as part of the 2017 summer sale.  Although there are a fair amount of rough edges in this game, it was overall a very enjoyable, quirky, and funny experience, and had solid platforming / metroidvania mechanics to go along with it.  I would definitely recommend picking this game up, although this wouldn't be my first pick if you wanted to play a game in this series.My main gripes were with regards to the teleporting... some of the locations for the teleports were awkwardly placed, to say the least.  Like, why wasn't there a teleport directly to town?  Also, some of the dungeon design was a little unnecessarily complex and I didn't have the patience to figure out a good portion of the puzzles on my own, although that was partly because I wanted to move through the rest of the games in the series.  Also, the controls felt unresponsive at times, especially when compared to the Pirate's Curse, the next game in the series.Besides that, though, the game was very fun, the story was quirky and didn't take itself seriously, and it was a nice length.  Also, the music is fantastic, as is the art / animations."
,Recommended,277890,12610590,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Shinigami667,It's a wayfoward Metroidvania styled game with music done by the same person who worked on the Shovel Knight soundtrack. That alone sold me on this game. And they have a game+ mode for more of a challenge and more replay value.   My only complaint was the map that is just a general map that does not tell you exact locations so if your trying to find everything in the game you will be lost until you know the areas like the back of your own hand. But other than that it's a great game.
,Recommended,277890,20287750,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DumpCityMatt,"I'll get straight to the point on this one. I'm a huge fan of WayForward, and for good reason. This game has all the elements I've come to expect from them.-Beautiful hand-drawn sprites-Bright, colorful worlds-Incredibly charming characters-Top-notch gameplay and tight controls-Impossibly catchy soundtrack by musical wizard, Jake Kaufman. Seriously, the guy always knocks it out of the park.-Plenty of exploration to be done-Great replay valueThis game had about 8 years to develop, and it shows. If you're a fan of platformers or Metroidvania-style games, don't hesitate to buy this game."
76561198041995956,Recommended,277890,12818138,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Color me impressed.  I played the original Shantae, though not the DSi version of this title, and while I liked it, it was a bit frustrating.  Shantae: Risky's Revenge addresses most of my complaints.  It's a fantastic little metroidvania-esque platformer.  Great animations  on all characters and monsters, warp points to help get around, much better magic/item system, very catchy music, and a much better difficulty curve than the original.I quite like Shantae: Risky's Revenge.  Others have talked about it being a lazy DSi port, but speaking as a first time player, I found this to be delightful.  There's so much color and life in the world, it was clear the developer wanted to make the world a living breathing thing, not unlike a storybook, but with better animations.  Combat is simple, whip your hair at baddies to attack, transform into different creatures to get through puzzles, use magic as is needed for help or a boost.Sadly, the number of transformations have been cut down from 4 to 3 from the original Shantae, with 2 returning and only 1 being new.  And the game is much shorter than the original Shantae, though that's not necessarily bad, as much of the original was padding.  There are parts in this game that can get frustrating, such as using the powers to get over long stages full of instadeath gaps or certain enemies which never seem to go down, but they're relatively minor.If you are looking for a long game, Shantae will only run you around 4 hours for the initial run and then another 2-3 for a replay with a new mode.  It's still very fun for the price and the animation and art style is gorgeous.  Gameplay is fun and much improved from the original.  Despite my complaints above and the game's shorter length, Shantae has an insane amount of charm and the signature Wayforward polish.Highly recommended for all platformer, metroidvania, and genie fans.  Shantae is a must play."
76561198008552829,Recommended,277890,15714883,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,McMattycakes,"Shantae wiggles her butt when she crouches, just like a cat when it's ready to pounce10/10"
,Recommended,277890,12811640,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GeneralStatement,"Wonderful little platformer with colorful, chunky 16-bit-esque visuals.  Control is very tight and the level/enemy design are engaging.  Plays best with a pad such as a 360 or Playstation controller, as the keyboard requires a bit of finger gymnastics for my taste.  Here's hoping for Steam ports of the other Shantae games."
,Recommended,277890,19382680,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Aasha,"I felt like I was playing Metroid or Legend of Zelda what with how I was gaining transformations and abilities and then backtracking to parts of the world where I could find other branches to path to via the new methods of travel. Usually I loved this. New transformations just strike me as one of the awesome things to games like this. They feel more like magic than spitting fire does.Sometimes however I ran into moments natural to games like these where I wasn't sure where the game wanted me to go. Though bothersome these moments honestly didn't delay me that long. The overworld isn't that large. I found if I didn't know where to go I could just walk the whole overworld in roughly 10-20 minutes and find my new path by observation (the world of course gets larger as the game goes on, but never too large to scout in a timely manner).The characters in this game stood out to me. None of Shantae's friends or enemies really get all that much screen time. The story and characters seem like they're kinda just tossed in as tools to get the plot rolling along. But everything and everyone in this game had a fairly memorable look and feel to it. From Shantae the bubbly sexy-cute genie girl to the flirty mermaids and swarms of nagas patrolling the overworld. Even Rottytops - a zombie girl Shantae seems to know - came off as a cute and likeable character despite clearly having no problem with the idea of eating Shantae's brain.The animations in this were great and added a ton to the feel of the game. The transformation dances especially stood out to me as well made. But ultimately everythign in the game was beautifully animated - NPCs in town, enemy patrols, the background, Risky Boots and her funny looking ship... even Rottytops was swaying cheerfully - which probably added a lot to why she felt energetic and likable. Shantae could have used other melee-attack animations to alternate through though in my opinion; the one attack animation looked repetative.The overworld is set up like a 3D platformer. For the most part things are left and right, but Shantae can flip to background and foreground in a few places. At first I thought this was going to end up confusing and lead to becoming lost often, but it actually turned out not to be a constant thing. The forest is the only place with enough layers to possibly confuse anyone.The magic combat moves for the most part didn't feel very useful to me. Rapid hair-whips (Shantae's normal melee attack) were enough to get by in most cases.-Fireballs were low damage (literally 1 damage) and would only hit one enemy at a time. they were useful for burning things that needed to be hit with fire to open but unless you planned to max the fire magic it wasn't very useful. The maxed version was a low-range stream of fire; the damage was so rapid it could clear almost any non-boss monster in a single tap (some took two taps).-The various Pike spells - which are basically damaging orbs that spin around Shantae sorta like a shield - are very useful in the early and mid-game since they can keep the enemy from getting in close before it gets whammied to death. later on in the 3rd act there are enemies that can take a lot of hits and can either attack at range or rush you too fast for the pike orbs to kill them. Ultimately Pike is probably the easiest magic to play with since you can move while the spell is active. Higher level pike spells are more orbs - simple but effective.-The electric cloud spells I felt were gimmicky and only overcomplicated combat when I tried to use them. I don't think I ever found a point in the game where I was glad I had that spell on hand other than when I was required to have an electrical move to activate an explosive. They work something like a delayed bomb. You cast it, they appear, after about 2 seconds they explode or shoot lightning depending on the spell's level. More often than not by the time you cast it and the ""bomb"" goes off you could easily have melee attacked the enemy and killed it anyway - and often times the enemy won't be in the blast and it'll take several wasted tries before it actually lands. To it's credit itisa strongly damaging blast. I never bothered getting the highest level of this spell however. Itmighthave been signifigantly better than the other levels in more than just damage. The first two levels of the spell were pretty useless though. I imagine the damage might be useful against bosses that don't move much but there aren't many of those; it'll be tricky trying to hit a boss with one of those.By the end of the game one of the things that defined the game most to me was Shantae's ability to transform into animals. Her monkey form was cute and huggable. With the ability to jump higher, move faster and climb almost everything it was what I spent most of the game as. If there was a way to attack as a monkey though I'd never come acrossed it.Her elephant form was slower and a worse jumper than her human form. The elephant's main utility was to break things other forms were unable to break: walls, boulders, Golems and stone statues that shot fireballs. It was decently strong if she attacked, but since her elephant's attack was a rushing-forward attack if she didn't kill something when she used it she'd take ""touch"" damage. So ultimately using the elephant for anything besides a tool for smashing rocks was kind of unwise. It was a cute elephant though and I rushed around ramming low level enemies that I knew would die in one hit for the glee of it.The mermaid transformation I have mixed feelings about. Shantae looked absolutely stunning as a mermaid, but the form felt like it was treated as a vehicle more than a form. Other transformations instantly switch off when Shantae hits any water. And Shantae isn't able to swim downwards - just left and right. So ultimately the mermaid's main ability is just being able to use down when in water. It just feels to me like it allows her to do what she already should have been capable of. Especially since the underwater areas are a bit uninteresting. Maybe the mermaid should have had some better water ability than other forms, but just treating it like a no-go zone unless you go mermaid made it feel more obligatory than fun. On land the mermaid is cute but completely at disadvantage: Can't attack, moves as slow as a walk, and every jump ends with a landing that pauses briefly every time. On land she can't even use her bubble attack - which is odd considering the enemy mermaids use it on land.Even if pretty weak at it I think all forms should be able to fight in some way and I think every form should have been able to go into water and swim around. It would have added more to the fun of the transformations. Nitpicks aside I really do love Shantae's transformations. I actually wasted a fair bit of time just transforming and screwing around - mostly as the monkey and mermaid.The animation quality, artistic design (sexy-cute), and transformation-based nature of this game really appealed to me. The combat was very easy but never really boring. The plot was intentionally light-hearted and silly (zombies keep themselves from going mindless by drinking coffee). It's an adventure I don't think it'd be possible to hate. The only down moments I had honestly were when I felt lost and unsure what I was suppose to do to progress - which cleared up each time in minutes.I'd give this game a 8/10. I like!"
,Recommended,277890,13325947,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Chaofanatic,"An excellent and highly polished game that's brimming with charm and personality from start to finish, and it's fun too!My only complaint is that the HD character portraits look somewhat out of place against the sprite art of everything else. But other than that little issue it's definitely worth your time if you like charming platformers!"
,Recommended,277890,15572672,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,I AKU!,Shantae 2 is a good game but its dragged down by a really bad map and a lot of backtracking. Its in the same boat of most indie Metroidvanias in that it doesn't hold a candle to either of the genre namesakes. Its still worth playing regardless and I hear that Wayforward finally hit the mark with Pirate's Curse so I'm going to have check that out.
,Recommended,277890,33702131,Posted: 21 July,all,Endolynn,"Now I bet you're asking to yourself looking at this. ""This is the cheapest Shantae game on the Steam market! Wohoah, I wanna get this!"" Now hold on buckaroo. Before we do that, as a person who has beaten this game through several sittings,  let's go over a few things you'd want to hear for.The Cheapest, But The WeakestShantae: Risky's Revenge is the sequel to the underrated Shantae game on the Gameboy Color.Shantae's Risky Revenge technically takes place right after the events of Shantae, and it pits you in another conflict against Risky, in which she steals a forbidden lamp and seeks out to steal the seals in order to restore the lamps power.As the plot goes, don't really expect too much for it. What you should focus less is on the plot.Now you may be wondering. Is this game actually worth it? Well, it certainly is currently the cheapest game, but it fails on a lot of aspects. The world sometimes does feel very barren and weak in comparison to the first title and it focuses less on showing you where to go, so the game decides to be very subtle and non-explanatory that it begins to get infuriating to navigate the areas of Sequin Land and all around it. Sometimes it can be very weird that many of the dialogue of the characters mainly talk in jokes and humorous phrases that it makes it hard to put everything together to solve problems and get to new areas. The game's navigation however, is very interesting, even though for it's metroidvania style, it is nothing astonishing, it settles on making discovering new areas compelling and fun, despite it'sshortcomings.However, as the sequel to a groundbreaking Gameboy Color game, this game is also rather short, and could be beaten in about 6-7 hours depending on your skill on navigating and backtracking for collectables or necessary items to go deeper into the plot. Or certainly, you may sometimes need to bring up walkthroughs or google ""what to do next"", because I guarantee you, this will happen at least once or twice, which can be rather frustrating.No Longer A Genie, Proving Not To Be A Weenie!An interesting aspect I find that this game has is that it could certainly have a lot of upgrades for magical abilities and attacks, so stocking up on money is a good idea to make Shantae stronger and more affective. Looting off of enemies in areas for their money is essential, and it puts a lot of meaning into collecting money and spending it on the right things. They also have items and accessories like Potions of Health and Magic meter. Sometimes, I do feel that the Potions can be a little bit over the top with how much health they restore, that it makes fighting bosses a cakewalk at times, butthat's merely just my opinion.As the game progresses, you will end up fighting many bosses with tons of humor and nice designs. Speaking of which, I do certainly find the textures and areas of the game very appealing, as well as it's upbeat soundtrack, reusing many of the classic tracks of the previous game, and extending them with more top notch beats. Certainly, I will feel that if you do enjoy many soundtracks from games like Kirby or Sonic, they may somehow reach up and get stuck in your head, but I am notone to judge your preferences.Certainly, Shantae is much more badass than the previous game, but somehow the transformations just weren't very vast to me, as it was a bit less transformations that you had than the first game. The environment doesn't really make use of the transformations abilities too often so they end up not have many uses.Synopsis: The Pros and ConsWell, we're reaching the conclusion. Whether this game is up to be purchased by you is entirely your own opinion. While the game has many good features that make it an excellent platformer, it just doesn't quite live up to the others in terms of actual content and length. It remains humorous and upbeat and jolly, with many interesting areas and good to explore locations, but sometimes it just doesn't seem like it's enough and less work was poured into it. Navigation can be a pain and sometimes kills the fun value, but of course you can still teleport to marked locations once you gain access to several statues so it isn't as bad as you think.Pros+ Interesting Platform Sections and Metroidvania Elements+ Humorous and Lighthearted Themes and Tone+ Great and Memorable Soundtrack+ Cool Upgrades and Equipment System+ Nice Sprite Designs and Locations+ Hilarious Bosses Against Barons+ Cheapest Shantae game on Steam.Cons- Suffers from Short Game Time- Potions Are SOMEWHAT Broken And Unfair- Short Amount of Content- Difficulty is Barebones- Plot is Weak- Easy To Get Lost To Advance In The Game- Isn't as Impressive As Other Shantae TitlesThis review is entirely under my opinion. Whether you'd like it depends on your tastes. Thanks for reading my review and catch you next time!"
,Recommended,277890,12162410,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SpyroGuy,"An ambitious platformer with great gameplay, a nice amount of replay value and a charming heroine to play as.The soundtrack is really good as well, it's so catchy that I didn't even care about being lost in the middle of one of the game's many dungeons...because there are tons of dungeons as well as this game is mainly about exploration. At the beginning it drops you into the game's world and there you go, Explore To Adventure! (No, Seriously, you must find certain stuff to proceed, so be prepared for some Major Exploration!)Also this game sure has a lot of breasts...not that it bothers me, just sayin'. xD"
,Recommended,277890,12764029,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,[CPC] Froh,A great platformer game with strange design for the controls (accept with B cancel with A on a xbox controller).But once you get used to it. It is indeed interesting and can surprise you with great ideas.The level design is great and graphics wise it's great pixel art.
,Recommended,277890,12276411,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Akka,"Oh thank God this game crashed.I almost missed a very important auction and I was having so much fun that I completely forgot about it.Anyway I first picked this game up on the 3DS maybe a year or so ago and it played flawlessly as far as I remember. Somehow or another though the game stutters for a few frames especially when vaulting over void pits when there's a lot of enemies on the screen.Also it's really REALLY short.I'm only listing complaints since no one else will--as for why I recommend this game, it's really responsive, solid gameplay that reacts as quickly as I do (I'm looking at you Sonic 4). The addition of magic and animal transformations offers a pleasant variety in methods you can approach any screen, similar to its predecessor or the old sega franchise Wonder Boy.Please don't crash again!"
,Recommended,277890,11593743,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MidnightAnubis,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut is a Metroidvania style game with a decent sized world to explore, tons of powerups to collect and tons of hidden areas to explore. Combat is pretty solid. Music is really good and the story is a decent followup to the events of the Gameboy Color game. It has about 4 hours of content but considering that it's $9.99, it's not a huge loss plus it does have decent replay value if you're a Completionist.(Plus for anyone who's a fan of this person, Quartrguy was a programmer for this game as well.)"
,Recommended,277890,33202817,Posted: 3 July,all,TeoFlux o_O,"A really solid platformer and metroidvania with some really fun writing and characters.Although at times i didn't know what to do or go next, even with the hints giving by the characters in town.I also gotta admit the endgame backtracking was abit tedious, because the warp points where placed in awkward spots, and while going through enemies the first time around was fun, by the 9th time i just took the hits while trying to dodge as best as i could.With that said, i actually enjoyed playing through Shantae: Risky's Revenge, due to the great soundtrack and responsive controls that made platforming lots of fun. The biggest sign of my enjoyment is the fact, that i played through the entire game in one sitting.Therefore i highly recommend this game, if you love platformers and got a softspot for detailed pixelstyle games."
,Recommended,277890,11291347,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,AskaLangly,"Everything I loved about the original DSi version is there, plus Magic Mode and enhanced graphics.The only issue you'll have is by using a controller: B is select, A is cancel.You could inverse the mapping, but then you have nothing for jump (unless you hex-edit the game save).As of the first update, there is a ""talk-'n-jump"" glitch; the main reason why you can't map jump and talk to the same button.But I don't care, it's Shantae.This game can be somewhat comparable to Epic MegaGames's ""Jill of the Jungle"" trilogy, per a screenshot of mine:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=287954880"
,Recommended,277890,11973045,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Yoori,"Let me start off by saying, I was very skeptical of purchasing this game at first. The reason? I had played the original Shantae on the Gameboy Color when I was younger and wasn't too big a fan of it, however I pushed on and tried out this game and I honestly have no regrets with my purchase at all. This game felt like an honest masterpiece to me and I enjoyed playing through the game multiple times. It has a great design with the sprites and art work, great music, great storyline and characters. Was just interesting to me overall and felt pretty close to a Metroid type game, which I love seeing as I've been a Metroid nerd ever since I was younger (Metroid Prime 4 and Super Metroid HD pls.) Anyways, besides that, let's get into it!The developers did a very great job on this game, even consider it one of my favorites. They kept the simple, yet fun of old school platforming games, kept the music pretty close, kept the sprites pretty close and the game in general. They have some interesting wordplay and character development in the story that gives some of the characters their own unique personality as you go along with it. As I stated above and other have stated, keeps a very close resemblance to Metroid, Zelda, Castlevania type games. With there being collectibles and power ups to collect throughout the game, some of which you can get from the start, with the rest being able to collect as you continue on with the game and get more special abilities. Ways to increase life, items to heal health and restore magic and save rooms and certain parts of the world. There is even a different costume when you beat the game, which in a way changes your playstyle as now you take more damage, but use less magic, so where you might be able to sit around and take a few hits, now become a risk, and I love that they made that type of challenge to the game.Gameplay wise is a little on the short side, about 4, maybe 5 hours worth, however, it's a story that is great, regardless of it's time. You can take it slow or speed run the game, which again, am a great fan of games that offer the option to speed run without affecting the game too much.The controls are pretty easy to get used to, can even use a controller if you wish to play with that. They didn't feel sluggish, clumpy or anything to me, instead felt pretty smooth after I was use to everything. One quick tip that a lot of people have seemed to ask, if you want this in fullscreen, go to options, set the resolution to your monitor size, then press ALT+Enter to keep it true fullscreen.One thing I liked in particular was how as you progress through the game, enemies from their ""natural area"" will start to move more closer to the lands surrounding Scuttle Town, was a pretty neat idea in my opinion, making things have a smaller challenge with their being newer enemies on the paths that you normally would just breeze right past no problem.The bosses and their dungeons were pretty interesting, with them ranging from time trials, to puzzles to solve, all were very well executed in how they were played out with. The boss fights alone, are pretty good as well. Some of them you have to take somewhat slow so you don't rush head on and risk getting hit, where as some you can just full out attack and dodge when it's needed.The characters are some of those characters that you ""grow"" a little with through your adventure, from getting closer to them, to knowing what they're about, some secrets, and a few other things you will see while playing through it.-Shantae: Can be a little arrogant at times, yet as you continue on with the game, she learns that she will need help down the road and not to push such things away-Risky Boots: sarcastic, taunting, antagonist who is always causing trouble in the story, still keeps up her taunting even if things don't go her way.-Sky: At first looks, seems to be a little hard headed alongside Shantae, but then it's noticeable that she's just trying to help out however she can.-Mimic: (for some reason, he reminded me of Lord Crump from Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door.) Uncle of Shantae who is a Relic Hunter, who knows a few things which he apparently keeps a secret from you until it's basically forced from him.-Rottytops: Taunting friend of Shantae who helps you along the way while still seeming like an enemy (I mean, she took a puppy and offered it to you to eat...)There's more you'll meet along the way as you continue on through the story.All in all, I'm very satisfied with my purchase, even if I was a little off putting from the start, due to me not being a huge fan of the original Shantae I had played on the Gameboy Color, but I'm glad I went ahead and bought the game. It's a game I very much enjoy and soon a series I think I'll continue to enjoy and stick around with for a while, seeing as there are two new games coming out, one for 3DS and Wii U (hopefully PC down the road) and another one coming out on all systems and PC. I look forward to playing both new games, glad the community is so supporting with the developers making their new games, seeing as they raised a lot with their kickstarter and I truly can't wait to try out their next game, seeing where the story takes off after Risky's Revenge!10/10 Highly recommend giving it a shot!"
,Recommended,277890,19750593,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wegra,The Purple hair whipping genie comes back for her second and in my opinion best installment to date. As the title suggests Risky is back for revenge against Shantae and its up to her to stop her once again and find out  her true origins!The game outdoes its Gameboy Color predecessor. Switching forms is easier and the mechanics are smoother then ever. Also some of the best and colorful  pixel art you can find.Anyway I'll cut this short Shantae is a must buy for any fan of Metroidvanias and Platformers
,Recommended,277890,11288932,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Geen,"Fantastic game. Plays great on the PC with a 360 pad. It is a direct DS port, so you are getting some big pixels here, but I would take that over horrible filters or risking a HD ""make over"" that doesn't capture the spirt of the original sprites."
,Recommended,277890,11267418,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,File2ish,"A bit short for a Metroidvania style game (beat the game first ever play with 23/34 items in 5h 03m 02s without rushing), but one of the best experiences I've had in the type of game.You simply can not go wrong with this game. Great visuals, fun dialogue, solid gameplay."
,Recommended,277890,14953871,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Missile the Police Dog,She's the half-genie hero that Steam deserves.
,Recommended,277890,11253229,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Toxic Punch,My favorite platforming dancing half-genie is finally on Steam.
,Recommended,277890,11278403,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Stolko,"What do we have here? A game with fantastic controls, beautiful artwork, funny dialog, and a fairly large world to explore?Well I gotta say, we've got a pretty damn good game right here. A short game, but a damn good one none the less."
,Recommended,277890,11254596,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Toast Genie,"10/10This is my favorite video game of all time.I am a true hardcore devoted Wayforward fan. It is my dream to meet Matt Bozon and maybe even work at Wayforward!You guys are the best, and I will continue to purchase everything you got until the day I die. <3"
,Recommended,277890,12894170,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CPT. Dansko Valentine,You play as an adorable half-genie who kills people by whipping them with her hair...Why aren't you playing this?!
76561198150989230,Recommended,277890,13048152,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kotori Itsuka,Shantae: Risky's Revenge is like one of the best platforms I've played on Steam.  The gameplay is really simple and fun!  I love Shantae so much!
,Recommended,277890,13799938,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Scout,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a platforming, metroidvania style game. It's the sequal to the original Shantae for the Game Boy Color in 2002, and was originally released on the Nintendo DSi in 2010. It's also on the Apple App Store.The game follows Shantae, a half-genie with belly dancing powers and hair whipping. She has to stop Risky Boots from taking over her home of Scuttle Town by finding magical seals that Risky is after. It's a simple story, dialogue is few and far between, but it still has charming characters, and Shantae herself is a really nice character, being fierce and always on point. The world has lots of nice looking locations, and really captivates me with it's art style. The music blends it in well, despite being on the DS, originally.The gameplay feels much like an old SNES game, it's pure platforming and exploring to it's core, beginning to end. And that's something that really pleases me: It's incredibly simple, there's not even that big a world to explore, but it still manages to be expansive and really rewards exploration in it's own way. There's lots of hidden goodies and upgrades for the daring explorer, and solving puzzles in dugeons always feel like a good time, testing both your platforming, and puzzle solving skills. The two mains components is what the game has, and excecutes it fabulously, it feels rewarding.Shantae's main weapon is her hair (Which can be upgraded), but she can also use magical powers she can purchase from the item shop, which requires both gems and magic jam, which are more rare. These powers can be orbiting spikes around her, lightning clouds, or fireballs. There's a power for every kind of situation when hair whipping just won't do. All these powers can be upgraded as well.If that wasn't enough, Shantae, being a belly-dancer as well, can transform into different animals with her dances, whether that's a monkey, elephant, or otherwise. There's also upgrades to those transformations that let's you backtrack to previous areas, and discover more hidden items. This also let's you fight and platform in more ways than one, if you so desire.There's a ""Magic Mode"" which gives Shantae a new outfit that makes her magical items more effective, but she takes double the damage from enemies. Think of it as a ""Hard mode"" if the game was too easy for you the first time around.There are some issues with this game though, but keep in mind they're relatively minor.- PC wise, this is a port of a digital DSi downloaded game, so the game won't look it's best on a big monitor, may look pretty pixilated. Also, it's not widescreen supported with black bars showing up at higher resolutions, and it doesn't appear to really go into full screen. (For me, at least. It still appears windowed.)- With most metroidvania games, there is backtracking, and going from one place to another can get a little annoying when you're just trying to get from one place to another. Luckily there's these warp stones that lessen the traveling time.- It's relatively short, clocking in about 3-4 hours for one playthrough. But considering this was a portable, digital game to start off with, I understand that.Overall, Shantae is a fantastic game that you really should try out. It's a simplistic game that has excecuted it's few elements very nicely, and I think you'll be surprised."
,Recommended,277890,23015100,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"A great platformer like Castlevania or Metroid. Use sexy dances to transform into a speedy monkey, a powerful elephant or a beautiful mermaid as you quest all over Sequin Land.The main flaw of this installment is its short length. However, it does encourage replays with a number of achievements and the ""Magic Mode"" costume that is unlocked after completing it for the first time.Catchy music, fun characters and easy to learn controls! This game is a good example of why folks want Shantae as a playable character in the next Super Smash Bros."
,Recommended,277890,33601884,Posted: 16 July,all,Villermen,"Risky's Revenge is a very polished metroidvania game featuring great retro sega-style graphics and an amazing soundtrack by virt. The game is not all that difficult or long, and all boss encounters can be brute-forced by using potions that are easily bought. That didn't really bother me though as I bought it for its strong points. What does bother me are the controls. Confirm and jump can not be bound to the A button on your controller at the same time without hex-editing your savefile which is a major annoyance. It takes a lot of time away from the game and is a complex process that shouldn't be necessary. I would welcome a patch that would allow this from inside the game.All in all this is a great game if you're looking for some casual retro platformer fun."
,Recommended,277890,19494547,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Laz,"I'll admit, I backed Shantae: Half Genie Hero on kickstarter without knowing much about the franchise. I've greatly enjoyed Wayforward's efforts in the past, and the campaign was very well prepared which led to my first (and as of now, only) backing of crowdfunding. I felt it necessary to at least see what I was getting into, and what i found in Risky's Revenge was a neat little metroidvania that's biggest flaw is its lack of content and challenge.This game isn't very long. It took about 6 hours on a first playthrough, not being a completionist and only going back for things if I remembered a path was blocked off. It's also incredibly easy, where the cheap price of health potions and the amount of hits you take means that you very rarely bite the dust. The bosses are also fairly linear, most having 3 alternating attacks and are weak to you spamming the attack button. Though I acquired most of the magic items for hope I would use them later, I very rarely found myself using magic outside of the necessary progression uses,. For the most part it's completely unnecessary when your main attack is so quick, useful, and doesn't take energy. The dance powers aren't useful for fighting either, which seems like a big miss to include some interesting gimmicks in boss battles. This game won't give you much of a challenge (on first playthough, at least) and many of the powers the game allows you to utilize are, to a certain extent, useless outside of platforming.What this game succeeds in and why i still like it is in its control, sound, and presentation. It's a beautiful game down from the character animations to the backgrounds, using the medium of pixel art to its full potential (I can ignore the semi-sloppy UI that looks tacked on from an amatuer game developer software). As expected from Jake Kaufman, this game sounds like a dream, with some trackshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3SPglviwuIhaving me sit for a minute just to have a moment to relax. Movement in general is very fluid and fun, which should really be you're most important goal in a good 2d platformer. In the end, the game truly comes into its own in its dungeons, puzzle solving, and platforming. The dungeons combine fun puzzles with tricky platforming that makes the game come together to a satisfying experience.For 10 dollars, this game is worth a purchase. You can theoretically get much more than your money's worth in ng+ playthroughs which crank the difficulty. I wouldn't personally hold it up as a pillar in the metroidvania genre, but it does enough with its strengths that sets it apart from an ordinary game. This game is alright, but don't expect to be blown away."
76561197993678922,Recommended,277890,11282847,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hwarming,"Here's some pros and cons of the game, followed by an overall assessment.Pros: Fun gameplay. Vibrant looking world. Great animation, some of the best I've seen, especially for a pixel art game. Well done pixel art, not the lazy ""oh I don't have the money and time to make a game look good"" pixel art. Great soundtrack, done by Jake ""Virt"" Kaufman. Cool character designs. Good gameplay progression, everything feels paced pretty well. The dialogue is really funny and charming, the writing is very self aware and played for laughs.Cons: It's kinda short, you can get through it in about 6 hours. The pixel art looks low rez on a computer monitor. The dialogue box and menus really clash with the pixel art style.Overall it's a great game, a solid 8/10 in my opinion. If you're looking for a good metroidvania, this is your game. If you're unfamiliar with the Shantae games, here's the basic gameplay: Shantae uses her hair to attack, and you can purchase spells for her to use, like a spinning ball around her, a fireball, and a stormcloud, all these spells can be upgraded a few times, and Shantae's basic abilities can be upgraded, like her hair doing more damage and being faster, or magic regain. Shantae unlocks different forms that allow her to access new areas, which I won't spoil, that she accesses through belly dancing. The PC director's cut is mostly the same as the DSi/IOS versions, with a few changes like a new gameplay mode that focuses on magic, but makes Shantae physically weaker(think a Game+ mode) and the warp system allows for free travel, instead of two warp points being assigned to eachother, and a better map system."
,Recommended,277890,17369951,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,LombaXShade,"And yet Another Shantae game that i tried on Steam so far and this game is Really Great and Sexy same as ""The Pirates Curse""This Shantae game based on her Half Genie Power itself that Risky (Shantae's Nemesis)wants to get.All you got to do is to pass a lot of Stages,great Dialogues and A lot of Adventure just to find Risky and Stop her from bring Evil to the world.And yeah this game has the great style of Sexual and most of the 18+ things ofcourse(well i didnt say that most of but lets face it,it has).Anyway...This game is Great Adventure game to try if you Love Shantae So much,Just Like Me!!.Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,277890,11732142,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Phil'd With Malice,"If you seek the past glory that was the side-scrolling genre and wish to avoid the mountains of garbage passing itself off as ""retro"", look no further than virtually anything with WayForward's logo on it. Their development staff bypass most of the BS difficulty and give you challenge based upon genuine skill progression. This title is no different. If you seek a game that is challenging without the frustration of a standard platformer, try this.The game does not condescend and yet will not pander to the lowest common denominator. Instead, the game brings you up to its level with well designed puzzles, difficulty that grows linearly, excellent controls and non-linear game design. However, the non-linear approach is also one of its weaknesses as it also involves a lot of backtracking. To add insult to injury, the original title's warp system has been downgraded to this Warp Squid system that actually makes backtracking even slower and cumbersome. Add a mediocre map system and lack of note options and getting 100% can be a slog.For those of us with children, this is a solid title and the female lead gives your little girls the rare opportunity to play as a girl in a newer title. I can't image too many boys who will have trouble playing as Shantae either. There is much potty humor in the text and the innuendos are kept to parental bonus level and will go right over their heads.From a graphical standpoint, it looks like a poorly upscaled DS game (which it is). I wish WayForward had modified the sprite sheets in a manner on par with SNK's techniques, but it is a $10 game. The sounds and music are fine and fit nicely into the world.Do I recommend this? You bet. Who do I recommend this to? Anyone that likes or are looking to get a foot in the door of traditional action platforming."
,Recommended,277890,11280927,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Aristile,"It's  a platforming and action game in an explorable world with collectables that increase Shantae's abilities in number and power. So, if  that sounds good to you then you'll like this game. Shantae is also one of the coolest girls in video games. IMO give this game a shot."
,Recommended,277890,11292867,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tuxedoed Fox,"Old School side scrolling fun  and always a top on my list. With a style all it's own, a nice soundtrack, and over all fun game play, don't miss out on this one if this style of games is your thing!"
76561197973952918,Recommended,277890,11405920,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,blu_light16,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge serves up a rather “kawaii” flavor for the Metroidvania genre. Its cute charm feels refreshing, and is worked into the gameplay very nicely. I especially like the cartoony visual style and the old-school soundtrack. The game is a bit on the short side, but it's very sweet. If you're looking for lighthearted fun, good humor, and excellent non-linear gameplay, be sure to put Shantae on your menu.(Rating: 8.5/10 “Excellent”)"
,Recommended,277890,11278054,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,LatinoFlava,"There are no words to tell how this game rocks! The gameplay is great, the dialouge is cheesy and witty, Shantae is hot, and the sprite is amazing! I recommend this game. This game is PERFECT!!!"
,Recommended,277890,11358332,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Grumpy Drizzle,It's one of those games that are worth playing but are not worth their price. Unless you are a die-hard fan of Shantae and/or WayForward games (guilty!) then I suggest you wait for sale before buying it. It's extremely short but it's fun while it lasts.
,Recommended,277890,11296792,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,IronBenedictMaryan,"Quite possibly one of the best sidescroller reboots in gaming history.The added amount of detail to an already adventurous game as well as spot-on elemental potential for a killer second quest, it's well worth the $10."
76561198023091943,Recommended,277890,19982121,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,spetemaster,"I had never even heard of Shantae until I saw this game randomly on Steam. After simply buying it on a whim, I instantly fell in love with this series! Shantae is just as fun as the classic GB games I used to play as a kid, such as Mario and Kirby, and I might even dare to say that it is better! Point being, if you are a fan of oldschool platforming games, you should definitely play the Shantae games. They WILL NOT disappoint you!"
,Recommended,277890,24717852,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wet for Jesus,"Good luck finding Rotty Tops... If you're a mong like me that is farkin struth... Btw it should be Knotty Tops, much more cute."
,Recommended,277890,17528860,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Church of Virus,Check out my video review of Risky's Revenge:https://youtu.be/yHNiQE21NnA
76561197980503707,Recommended,277890,11270686,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Zaimad,"Shantae is a 2D action platformer that features a protagonist (Shantae) that is half-genie, but the game is full-awesome.It's hard to go into many details about the game without giving spoilers, but essentially you have a main attack with your powerful whip-like hair, you can use one of three magic spells (that can be upgraded) and you can transform into three different creatures to solve some puzzles as the game progresses. Characters that you talk with are funny and sometimes witty, and Shantae has enough personality of her own on the cutscene dialogues.As you can clearly see by screenshots or videos, the game is a beautiful display of carefully and lovingly drawn pixels, the music is very nice and everything falls in the right place to make an enjoyable experience, albeit a little on the short side; in just 4 hours I managed to clear the game (missing some pickups), and unlocked the magic mode by doing so.One thing I didn't really like much was the way the map and warp systems were implemented. To see the map you have to go into your inventory and select it; this wouldn't be so bad if some parts of the map didn't feel a little less detailed than desired, and in some locations you can't see a ""you are here"" marker which adds to the confusion for a newcomer. The warping itself also feels weird, in the sense that some warp locations feel like they're forcing you to still walk most of the distance to where you want to go, to the point of sometimes making me decide to avoid using a nearby warp because the destination I'd like to reach was equally far to another warp point I had. But, overall, they are both useful for backtracking and collecting stuff that you couldn't get at first.I'd also like to add that the game is, compounded with short, a little on the easy side. You can carry eighteen potions, nine that refill your life hearts and another nine your magic gauge, and only in a few locations did I actually use them: no more than eight total through the course of the game. They are also relatively cheap to get. Death pits take some of your health instead of outright killing you, allowing less talented people a better chance of completing the game, and only in a few locations did I feel that I was being challenged. And on the final boss fight, but even there you can use however many potions you are carrying, to the point that even someone with zero hand coordination is likely to be able to complete the game if they know what they are doing.But, with all things said and done, Shantae is a solid game. If you like platformers you'll definitely want to have Shantae on your collection, and if you're not into platformers you may want to get Shantae anyway: it's just that good."
,Recommended,277890,32324249,Posted: 10 June,all,Apriarcy,A cute girl that turns into different animals. Sounds like a good time to me.
,Recommended,277890,11253058,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Simon,This is the same game from DS/IOS only now on PC. Whats not to love.
,Recommended,277890,21757745,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Love💋,"Lovely Metroidvania type game and nice port of a DSi game. Has nice visuals, charming characters, decent soundtrack, mediocre story and unfortunatly gameplay that, allthough pretty good for everything it does, still stands in the shadow compared to other games of the genre.Still, you won't make a mistake playing this game, really enjoyed my time."
,Recommended,277890,12399860,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Jinxplay,"Nice compact 2D platformer metroidvania game with smooth art, music, and characters. While the number of actual boss and dungeons are quite limited, the open-world-ness make the game world feel expansive and alive.You play as Shantae who can use her hair as a whip for the main attack. Along the adventure, you will then acquire more items and ability to transform yourself and explore the world even more.Recommended for those who enjoy metroidvania in general. Controller also recommended."
,Recommended,277890,12470299,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Professor Icepick,"A significant improvement over the original on the Game Boy Color, Shantae: Risky's Revenge definitely scratched an itch for a good exploration-centric platformer. RR nixed the pointless lives system from the original game, trading it for more save points and hit points, which better suits this style of game. If I really had any problems with the game, it would be that there wasn't any sort of dedicated button to bring up the map, forcing you to access it through the inventory screen, which is a bit tedious. The map is also a little hard to read at times, but compared to the original game which didn't have a map at all, it's a definite improvement.Having said all of that about the base game, let's talk about the port itself. This game was originally released on the DSi and was later ported to iOS, so this game is definitely no powerhouse. Considering what they had to work with, however, WayForward did an excellent job, especially with all of the screen resolution options. I'm hoping we get to see more of their games pop up on Steam at some point in the future, like the Mighty Switch Force duology and the upcoming Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, all 3 games currently exclusive to Nintendo 3DS and Wii U. Heck, even Mighty Flip Champs would be interesting to see, especially since that had a PSP port, which was a decent translation, even when considering the game's focus on utilizing the DSi's twin screens."
,Recommended,277890,11281744,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DEVz,"It's kind of silly they don't have basic graphic enhancements like any other emulator is capable of (super eagle, etc)"
,Recommended,277890,11430267,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Chrono,I love this game A lot its so much fun to shoot fire and transform into different animals i would definatly buy this game its worth the money
,Recommended,277890,11337117,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Countsmegula,"It's fairly good. Bummed out by the magic costume being a post-game unlockable unlike the iOS version, but it's still fun regardless."
,Recommended,277890,23412805,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Dr. Blue,"Cheerfull platformer with colorfull characters and beautiful pixel art. The multi-layer overworld was an interesting choice.However, the game does have some design choices that feel archaic. The third dungeon in particular basically requires you to FAQ your way through it, and the backtracking doesn't have a fun Metroidvania feel. Still overall positive, but if old style platformers aren't your thing, you may want to skip this one."
76561198209838045,Recommended,277890,34346030,Posted: 19 August,all,ScoutShellby2,"This might be the best platformer I've ever played, it controls perfectly. The upgrade mechanic is fun, the puzzles are great. The graphics and music are both really charming, and ofcourse Shantae herself has a really nice design. This game is honestly fantastic, if you're into platformers that is."
,Recommended,277890,27596003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{W.I.A} Merascuck,Can be time consuming but in a good way :P. If you like minipuzzles and magic this is the game for you!
,Recommended,277890,27742794,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,General Cap,"The game is fun, I can't wait to play the next two games. Only downside is that I don't think this game really has any replay value - It's really only good for the first run."
,Recommended,277890,29307168,Posted: 16 January,all,Tomiply,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a Metroidvania-style game with great music, awesome pixel art, fun characters and tight gameplay. It's not as good as Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, but it's still a lot of fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,277890,17019599,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Chuy Hardy™,"Back in the Game Boy Color era, CAPCOM release a game called Shantae, it was “eye catching” because all the fluid animations and the challenging platforming, now WayForward bring the Shantae series to a new generation, with the same formula (heavy emphasis on the platforming aspects, beautiful retro graphic, and great ambient music) just making it a little better (faster action, and more responsive mechanics), everything that you miss from the classic CAPCOM platform gems like Aladdin, Lion King, and Mickey Mouse (The Magical Quest).In a few words, if you lived on the golden age of video games (SNES-GENESIS-GBC) you’ll enjoy this gem; if you are from this new generation of gamers, and you want to explore something more than just Doom clones and the same Nintendo♥♥♥♥♥♥ I say you’ll be amaze by this game.My score: 8/10"
,Recommended,277890,24855548,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Radish Farm,It looks amazing and fixes the majority of the problems the first one had (for example the transformation system).The Shantae series as a whole is great and one of the best side scrolling platform games around.
,Recommended,277890,20959727,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Sercsd,"Great little game, you get plenty of challenge but not overly the only down side is the map gets a little confusing at first but overall it works well and is impressive.  I really liked how it's a platformer with quests and story lines, looking forward to the 4th installment as I'm already playing the Pirates Curse and would love to play the original Gameboy game.It's a good fun game that is challenging but not the bad kind that gets annoying it has some really tricky areas that are often optional.  I'd recommend this great game for those who like old school platforming, which is why I'll probably play it again with my other half and the children as I think it's fun, colourful and timeless."
76561198006665335,Recommended,277890,11283069,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Razorfang,Hey just asking if your planning on making more like this one cause I remember playing it when it first came out and hope you update it into a 3D game other then that bad♥♥♥♥♥and glad you remaid it also :D
,Recommended,277890,12783207,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,DeafPereira,"Seriously, is first time I played this game, is like style metroidvania buuuuuuuuuuuuut I love it ! I'm ENJOYING a LOT!This game, about controller, graphics, story, boss, all this is amazing and music is awesomeI vote 10/10, worth buy this gameP.S Shantae is sexy and I  watching more hour to her dance lol... is cool xd"
,Recommended,277890,24354197,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,idlezeal,This is great sequel to the original Shantae on Game Boy Color. It feels somewhat quite shorter but Magic Mode makes up for its length.I am excited to play Pirate's Curse and Half-Genie hero soon.
,Recommended,277890,23884471,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GG8 | Sunset,"Awesome platformer! Loved all the songs and it was a delight playing through the first time. Definitely recommend this to those who have heard of Shantae, but never played any of her games. ^w^  Might do a speedrun in the future.~"
,Recommended,277890,26091682,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Lizard Wizard,"Simple yet great metroidvania. Pretty graphics and smooth animations. The only downside I can think of is that it's a short game, but there're reasons to play multiple times. If you have never played a metroidvania before, this is a good place to start. If you have, it's just a cute little game, but worth the money in my opinion."
,Recommended,277890,27873876,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gardenGnome,"Just a magnificent remake of a solid platformer.Slow-paced gameplay, moderate difficulty. Excessive, but pleasurable gems grinding for upgrades.Overall enjoyable due to music, animation and juicy toon violence."
,Recommended,277890,14046537,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Giggleplex,"i love this game.i never doubted that that it would be a good,but i was worried that i might not enjoy it.it was surprisingly fun & addicting, funny, & challenging.although, it would have been a more perfect game if were a little longer.on that note, i'm EAGERLY anticipating 1/2 genie hero"
,Recommended,277890,13757520,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MegaZeroTime,"""One of the best oldschool side-scroll puzzle advanture from Nintendo 3DS with cheesy and briliant ambient soundrack.""I reccomend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,277890,12240375,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jingle Balls the Beared Dragon,"I like it, map was hard to read at first but everything else was great ."
,Recommended,277890,16759810,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bum bee,"What could I say about this game? A cute little advendure with great characters and lovely soundtracks. Made me feel nostalgic, thinking about the time when I used to play games on my DS... And now I can say I sure am a Shantae fan! So yeah, if you're looking for a short, fun and interesting game this one was made for you."
76561198021223998,Recommended,277890,13676494,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zeffia,"This is an alright game, but that's it.The only challenge you'll face from it will be self-imposed in some way, whether purposefully or through a sort of neglegence. Many people seem to think that this is a great game series, and maybe the other games are that fantastic, but having such an expectation with this title will likely leave you as underwhelmed as I was.You shouldn't expect much from the story, the interaction is actually kind of bad. Fair warning."
,Recommended,277890,15326559,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jag Gentlemann,"I don't think there's much to say. It's a good Metroidvania, your powers are transformations and you have to use their abilities to pass through the levels."
,Recommended,277890,24252829,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,KunninLynguist,"Brilliant platformer, quite difficult in parts and some interesting concepts on display.  Well worth a sale purchase, although it's not as good as the sequel Shantae & The Pirate's Curse."
76561198004565666,Recommended,277890,25083099,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,brickey.8,"I give this game a mild thumbs up. I purchased it after beating its sequel ""Shantae and the Pirate's Curse"", so my opinion of it is this: In every aspect, it is pretty good but not quite as good as Pirate's Curse. This applies to story, music, gameplay, level design, and how fun the powerups and gimmicks are. The progression also falls apart after you get the third seal; there's not anything that feels like a proper ""final"" dungeon, so I was actually surprised when I reached the final boss.It's still a good game though. You should definitely buy Pirate's Curse instead if you have to pick one or the other, but if you beat that and want a few more hours of the same formula, this game provides it."
,Recommended,277890,33534341,Posted: 14 July,all,wyulf,"shantae is an adorable, brighter-colored metroidvania title than most entries into the genre. it has a fun little story, being fairly simple and straightforward, befitting a younger audience, with a nice soundtrack to go along with it. the world is fairly small, in contrast to most other metroidvanias, but this can be seen as good or bad, depending on what you'd expect from a game.i think in general, shantae was probably made for a more casual audience, as the challenges arent too tough, and the game itself not too long. but that being said, it's enough to keep things fun regardless.there are a few gripes with the game, as others have mentioned. notably i think would be the location of some teleporters, which seems a bit oddly placed. and something minor for me personally, was the position of the 'ok' and 'cancel' buttons, which led me to keep cancelling in the menus for no reason (although this can be rectified if you look up the community guides).all in all, it's a fun little casual metroidvania game. it's a decent port of an old game, and i think a worthy entry for the series on the pc platform."
,Recommended,277890,14868774,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ShenWolf,"If you are a casual gamer and find the graphics appealing, get it.If hard difficulty is a must for you, leave it.I like this series from the first GameBoy Color game so it's fun to play for me. I think my only problem in this version is that weird ""layered"" map style. I believe it is not very common in platformers so it probably deserved a try but I didn't like it, I hope they don't implement it in future games.An extra labyrinth and transformation (preferably for flight like in the GBC game) would be nice, this feels short gameplay but then again, it makes this easier to replay so it's sort of OK for me."
,Recommended,277890,11380663,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,outside998,"God, this game is fun!Cute graphics, tight controls, funny dialoge, lovable characters, great dungeons. This game is an amazing platformer and you should at least check videos out if you're interested in the game.My Let's Play of the game, watch it if you want.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5KaUBCV3S8This said, the game has some downsides:Very short - I finished the game in my very first playthrough in 5:20 hours, my second in 3:10.The game uses the same graphics as the DSi original, no filters, on widecreen the game is in 4:3, showing black bars on both sides - No problem for me, but I can see how it may put people off.Very easy, especially if you play the first Shantae for GBC.Rather small map - the game world consists of four areas, with the only town in the middle. A huge downgrade from Shantae for GBC, which had 5 towns, and an area on either side of all of them.However, if you want a cute, quick, simple platformer, try it out.And if you love Shantae, the game is a must."
,Recommended,277890,23186552,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,SLUG_GUNNER,"I'm a fan of Metroid and Castlevania games.  When I saw the 'Metroidvania' tag on this it instantly peaked my interest.Does it live up to games such as Super Metroid or Castlevania SotN?  No.  Is it a good game?  Yes.  There really isn't much to talk about that people haven't already said so I'm going to be breif.Pros:+Dialogue (probably the game's strenght along with character design)+Character design (memorable characters)+Pixel Art and animations+Level design+Enemy designCons:-Game lenght-Only 3 boss fights-Not a difficult game-Achievements are buggy/have misleading descriptionsThe game is fun but it is limited by it's lenght.  If you want to make the game difficult then you have to set your own rules to make it challenging (example: don't use Potions, don't pick up powerups, etc).  I finished my first run in about 8h in game time but spending about 10h total.  The next runs were finished sub 4h.  I got the game on sale for less than $5 and that was definitely worth."
76561198031966029,Recommended,277890,23084451,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,tommy_lop,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTNM6liXJ3sMy youtube review of this game. Overall though I do recommend this game it dosen't look good at 1080P but the sprites are charming and the overall game is really fun.
,Recommended,277890,28383375,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,BlueAura,"Nicely animated pixel sprites, silly dialogue, and a great soundtrack to boot.  Risky's Revenge - Directors Cut gives you a re-worked warp-squid system so that you can warp to any one unlocked (instead of only being able to warp to the linked one).  Which allows casual players to get the speedrun achievement more easily while allowing competitive speedrunners very quick game completion times.  Dancing is simplified compared to the Game Boy Color game and takes shantae seconds to swap from transformation to transformation.  The Director's Cut also introduces Magic Mode which halves your defense and doubles your magic for either a fun way to enjoy the game after you've completed the story or an added challenge for those who find the game too easy.  Albeit short the game is fairly priced by giving casuals an average game time of 5-6 hours and gives completionists even more hours of fun.  If you're looking to get into the series this is a good starting point, it gives you a small taste of what to expect from most Shantae games so you can decide if you might enjoy the other entries in the series (Shantae GBC, Shantae: Risky's Revenge, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, and Shantae: Half-Genie Hero) in that order.  I hope you enjoy it, I sure did!"
,Recommended,277890,17784713,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RetroGameNinja【=◈︿◈=】,"I'll be honest, I find this game a tad overrated. Not that I don't like it, but I just don't find it as good as people say it is. But what would I know, I've only played the game for 45 minutes. I recommend it I guess."
,Recommended,277890,12187510,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Trixter,Simple and challenging at the same time. I had lots of fun playing it on my first playthrough and now stepping it up a notch by playing Magic Mode and trying to beat it faster.The only thing that bothers me is it's a bit short but I guess I can let it slide due to the fact that it originally came out as a platformer on a handheld console. I sure hope more Shantae comes to Steam
,Recommended,277890,26605171,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Coelacanth,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a very competent and enjoyable platformer that makes up in charm and aesthetics what it lacks in difficulty.GAMEPLAY: This is not what you'd call a hard game, it's fairly simple, the world is divided into different zone levels, none of which are very large, and while there is some back-tracking involved after acquiring new items and power-ups, it doesn't quite have the depth one might expect from a Metroidvania game. The actual gameplay however is solid and responsive and doesn't ever feel cheap or poorly implemented. With a controller this game is pretty easy to figure out how to play and quickly becomes second nature.STORY: The story while not overly compelling is enough to keep you moving forward. It does definitely continue on from the original Shantae game, however playing that game is not required to follow the narrative as it's pretty straight-forward. Shantae's nemesis, Risky Boots is a pirate who has stolen a seemingly useless artifact from the town Shantae protects, which is quickly revealed to be possibly more dangerous than it seems. This turns into a ""travel the world, collect the things"" type of plot fairly quick, but is nonetheless still fun to experience first hand. The delightful and colorful characters certainly help to make even the more drab plot points interesting.GRAPHICS: The graphics in this game are gorgeous, with one noticeable caveat: Due to the game being designed for handheld systems, the resolution is very low and there are no filter options to make it appear less pixellated. That being said, it's very easy to overlook the low res and appreciate the level of detail put into the art. The environments themselves while vibrant and colorful don't hold a candle to the incredible detail and fluid animation of the characters. Even the most minor of background NPCs is given a lovely fully animated sprite that carries with it a lot of personality. The main characters of the game also receive lovely portraits that span the entire height of the window giving them a lot of expressiveness and detail. The artwork is rather unique, with an obvious eastern flair to it, it still manages to keep itself apart from typical anime styles and evokes a more 90's cartoon style.The main character Shantae is wonderful, and has a lot of detail in every little animation she does, and it's a joy watching her move through the levels and fight enemies.FAN SERVICE: It'd be almost a crime to not mention this. Shantae's art style is just... well sexy! It manages to do this in a way few other games do however, being both cute and charming in a way that is appealling and even appropriate for most all ages, while being not-so-subtle with how it flaunts it's character's assets and moves. Most female characters are drawn in rather revealing outfits that show a lot of cleavage with their usually large bosoms, but fails to ever cross over into sleaze territory. The dancing moves by the characters, and even a few other animations such as Shantae crawling do feature quite a bit of bounciness and wiggling that draw attention to the character's curves but should manage to keep from offending all but the staunchest of moral guardians.AUDIO: The game is a joy to listen to, the music is vibrant and upbeat in most locations, even the dungeons, and it never gets grating or annoying to the point you wish to turn it off. I won't say it's the best soundtrack ever for a game but it certainly fits the mood of the game, and a few tracks may even get stuck in your head.Overall I would certainly reccomend trying this game if you have any love for fun platformers and aren't too worried about difficulty. It's bright, colorful, and charming. A joy to watch and play through."
,Recommended,277890,21894288,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,The Kurgan,Pretty fun metrovaniaish game. Not very long but will play the next one eventually.
,Recommended,277890,11270724,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,GizMoMan,"A great Platformer/Metroidvania. If your a fan of the genre you will most likely like this.Great animation, sprites, music and art (boobs). the humor is nice as well.Wish there was some sort of filter support. but the game looks great anyways."
,Recommended,277890,11265202,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Ethanol,"If you're a big fan of pixel platformers or Metroidvanias or even a little bit of dungeon-crawling, get this game. It has a good amount of all of the above, with some cute humor and characters to boot! The game feels like a 50/50 mix of Metroid and Zelda. If you like either of these series, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,277890,11351697,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Ozzman1734,A great game finally receives a good port. I played this on iOs and loved it but found the controls difficult at times. But now on PC I can fully enjoy this game. This is definitely worth your money. It's great to see this series get more attention and 100% recommend it.
76561198036341932,Recommended,277890,11269660,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,phazedout212,"A short metroidvania title with a fun story and great tunes. I loved this game on dsiware, and it seems to be great on pc as well. The only problem i have experienced so far is that opening the options menu crashes the game for me, but seeing as this is the first day of release, that particular issue will most likely be fixed in an update."
,Recommended,277890,13465766,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,eisiger,"This game made me rock hard, unlike the difficulty. The spritework is fantastic and fluid, like foreskin. Moving back and forth, even with ""fast travel"", makes you wish the game would just finish already. I got my wish suddenly, because this game is shorter than my cock. If the game wasn't half-price, I might not have blown my load on it, but it was worth it for $5. 4/5"
,Recommended,277890,18771898,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,bossedit8,"I really love the whole contents as of what this game has like the story, the main gameplay, secrets and everything else combined right here. I for sure was amazed on several specific puzzles while playing it for the first time. Definetly something I would replay again in the future for sure!"
76561198040084487,Recommended,277890,17402235,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,atarumenchi,"I can't stress this enough: if you absolutely love good platforming games, you're gonna fall head over heels for Shantae (maybe even in more ways than one ;) )This is a ported version of the DSiware game, however, the Gameboy Color had a version put out too, which have very noticable differences, which some are welcomed while others aren't.Let's get down to the nitty gritty of it all (rate scale 1-5):Graphics: 5 - VERY COLORFUL and vibrant.  Shantae and company have very nice fluid animations and character models look bright and cartoonish, which is perfect for this style of game.Sounds: 4.75 - I give it a slight knock here because I still have memories of the original game.  The music, while very well done, is missing something, and that something is the dance button music.  While it's easier to transform into animals, the original had to make use of limited buttons, but did so in an amazing way.  You hit select to enter dance mode and you used the d-pad and A/B buttons for different dance moves.  The music changes to correspond to Shantae's dance moves, which this is absent in this game.  It's one of the unique changes that was lost in this version.  Nevertheless, the music and sounds are well done, and the addition of very clear grunts from hits make up a tiny bit of this score.Controls: 5 - I haven't tried the keyboard controls, but controller support is amazing.  The config options have it mapped out perfectly for anyone who has a 360 controller in their posession.  They work fluidly and near flawless.Gameplay: 4.5 - This one I had trouble with, because it's STILL an amazing game to play, but I have to admit, the missing mini games and dance mode simplification dropped the score a bit.  There was a mini game in the original similar in style to DDR, but with d-pad and A/B button presses.  This is absent, but the game itself is overall fun and definitely worth every penny.Overall: 4.75 - Don't let the little changes deter you from purchase.  This is one of the greatest and underrated games from the GBC era that has a sweet sequel and a second mode to add more challenge to an already challenging platformer.  Despite the absense of the mini game and dance mode manual dance button presses, this game is a solid platformer that shouldn't be missed.  Get out there and get your belly dance on!(Caution: the belly dancing performed in this game is done by a professional belly dancer.  Do NOT attempt to try this at home....unless you REALLY REALLY want to, in which case, seek out a dance school that offers belly dancing lessons since books and video lessons only go so far.)"
76561198045818033,Recommended,277890,15228720,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[TTGays] Jenkem Dealer,"Metroidvania-style with *amazing* pixel graphics, kept intact from the original game (no stupid HD photoshop remakes or anything). This is a chunky platformer that kinda looks like a 32-bit era game, but gameplay allows you to warp around, shop, etc + other modern convieneces. The game is not too hard, although will require a tiny bit of guidance from a FAQ towards the end. My only complaint is there are multiple animal forms you can transform into, but they hardly affect combat and are really just there for puzzles. Controls are heavenly, Shantae will follow your every movement with extreme precision. Any fan of 90s style platformers will be right at home here. 9/10"
,Recommended,277890,24387183,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Plastic-Wrap,"A very fun game. Honestly, I would have loved this game as a kid, so playing this made me feel the nostalgia of a simpler time of playing video games in the afternoon on a classic console. I think Shantae is going to become one of my favorite video game characters from here on out."
,Recommended,277890,18832057,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Chan,"Really fun, not too difficult, and has amusing writing."
,Recommended,277890,14962298,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Master Chef,"I got an achievement for not giving a little girl back her dog.10/10Seriously though, the sprites and animations are fantastic, the music is great, and it feels great to play.I do also enjoy the game's sense of humor, like the aforementioned achievement for not giving a little girl back her dog."
,Recommended,277890,19350163,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"A great port of an extremely charming and well-designed metroidvania that embraces exploration. The charm is hammered home by the beautiful art design, music and settings, as well as little touches, like how you can refuse to give an innocent woman her lost dog, and she'll go into a monologue about how this will eventually cause the apocalypse. This game is just a great, classic metroidvania game, and the Shantae series definitely doesn't get the attention it deserves."
,Recommended,277890,18767778,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Sofire Almond,"I don't know if it can even be put into words, but this game is just brilliant, okay? And it's especially great to have on Steam because of the achievements. Heart of stone? Play dead? I get it, I'm a horrible person."
76561198057854646,Recommended,277890,15596663,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Good Guy,"Higher-average quality Metroidovania. A bit gameplay mistakes made by devs and low duration (it tooks me like 6 hours to finish the game in 1st run), but good design and sound. 7/10"
,Recommended,277890,14513666,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JoeMD,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a wonderful game. Following on directly from the Game Boy Colour original, the sequel sees the villainous Risky Boots return to once again terrorise the good people of sequin town.Anyone who grew up playing 16-bit games will be familiar with the platforming elements of Shantae. The platforming won’t test your jumping skills, no will the game’s combat (apart from the last boss) but that’s not really what Shantae is about. Rather, the game is about exploration and fun, and the title has bucket loads of each. There is also some very tongue-in-cheek humour running through the game with is great.The game’s graphics are bright and cheerful with all of the characters and enemies really well realised and they all animate incredibly well. Shantae’s world is beautiful and a joy to explore. As you’ll have seen in the screenshots Shantae is able to take on the form of other creatures and gaining these abilities opens new areas of each part of the world. While there is some backtracking it never feels like a chore due to the carefully placed warp points.Some people say that the game can be confusing as it doesn’t clearly tell you where you are to go next. I found this was only really an issue if you’re not paying attention to what characters tell you or where you have visited and where you couldn’t quite reach due to not having the correct skill. Like many adventure games players need to pay attention. Others have criticised the game’s length and while it is possible to complete the game in two hours (there is even an achievement for this) that is rather missing the point. In all it took me roughly nine hours to complete the game, which is pretty good for a platformer from the Game Boy Advanced era in my opinion.If you enjoy fun platforming, good exploration and quality graphics with a lot of humour thrown in then Shantae is well worth checking out!"
,Recommended,277890,13731944,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Smashmouth,"i like to whip it, whip it goodgreat platforming, engaging combat, cute storyits just fun"
76561198030748605,Recommended,277890,13937787,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Spire™,"Edit: Now that Pirate's Curse is on PC, go buy that instead of this one.This game is pretty good, but not as good as the next game in the series, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse. However, I would strongly suggest playing this game first if you want to play Pirate's Curse, due to characters referencing events from this game.The game is very fun and polished, and the characters have a lot of charm. Overall, this game is kinda short and may seem confusing at times, but is definitely worth playing due to the fact that it'll leave you wanting to play Pirate's Curse, which is way better than this game. Don't let this game's flaws put you down from the series. I highly suggest this game if you're looking for something to buy."
,Recommended,277890,14014375,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Crème fraîche,"Considering this is a mobile port i will take it easy on this nifty little platformer.Pros- Fun, relaxing, enjoyable little game. By far one of the best mobile platformers ever made-Great art style and sounds, music gets repetetive but still enjoyable-Likeable characters and unique monsters, fun boss battlesCons- It's simply way too easy... on a mobile device I can see the challenge but with a gamepad this platformer is a joke. This game is not for people seeking a challenge.-A ton of backtracking, can get a little frustrating after a whileOverall Score? Considering it's a port I won't be harsh and give it a 6/10. I'd recommend you wait for a sale, definately worth playing though."
,Recommended,277890,11465859,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,MagnusXL,"Shantae is a fun metroidvania platformer, though a bit on the short and easy side. The replayability is mostly achievement based or for those who want to play with the magic mode unlocked -after- the game is already completed; the game pretends to have multiple endings, but it really just gives you a different post-credit art piece dependant on the speed you completed the game and how many items you've collected.I would recommend giving it a look, but don't expect a ride that lasts more than 2-4 hours."
,Recommended,277890,13121697,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,NaturalBornKaner,"Pure platforming bliss, and quite possibly one of the bests. Everything controls smoothly, the graphics look nice and crisp, and it's an even funny experience at times. My only gripe with the game is the fact that it's too short. depending on your skill, it may take you less than 2 hours. On the brightside, if you're a Steam achievement hunter, it requires 4 playthroughs, which together may take you 12+ hours. All in all, an absolute solid experience for anyone looking for a fun platformer or something cheap. There are plenty of good characters and funny moments, so honestly, the game is near flawless.Pros: Great characters and humor. +Platforming is tight and fun. +Awesome soundtrack. +Good female lead. +Cons: Backtracking on infinity. -Can be beaten in under an hour, if known what to do. -OVERALL SCORE: 9.0RECOMMEND: YES."
76561197993325156,Recommended,277890,12019051,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RIon,"Best game ever. This game reminds me of playing games like Mega Man, except a girl is the main character. I prefer this game over most old school games. Wish I Knew of this game sooner."
76561198144646326,Recommended,277890,11386630,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Pibe,Awesome Game!!! A pretty safe buy and also packed with action/fun gameplay!Buy it...NOW!!!100% Recommended.10/10 Shantae Dance Moves.
,Recommended,277890,11964224,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Acid Flux,"Love, love, love this game. Wish there was more to it, but the amount of detail and just sheer fun of the game makes up for it. Clean, crisp controls and a barely-noticeable difficulty curve really get you into the game seamlessly, and the humor is great too. A novel approach to Metroidvania-style gameplay, and it pays off in spades. Can't wait for the new ones!"
76561197983098582,Recommended,277890,11983173,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Graphic,Fun platformer. Zelda-esque dungeons and lots of searching required to advance in the game. Recommended for speedrunners.
,Recommended,277890,14057347,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ZA5MAN,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is the second of the trilogy saga made by Wayforward that realeased on 2010 in the DSiWare market.It's the sequel of Shantae (Gameboy Colour, 2002) and takes place in the same location, even though the map is significantly smaller in comparison and there are only 3 dungeons instead of 4 in the prequel.The story is basically the same as the first game,the Risky ""Queen of the seven seas"" Boots is doing bad things and you (Shantae) has to kick her perfect round pirate booty because nobody else will. I hope you like bellydancing too.However, graphical quality has increased greatly, the smooth pixel art and sprite animations are in overall a joy to look at, same thing for the music.I guess we can say that this cute and charming platformer belongs in the Metroidvania genre, due to all of the locations that can be visited over and over to find new collectibles/money/gear/etc...Pros:-Tight gameplay (though maybe a little easy sometimes)-Nice visuals and music-Good looking pixel art-Decent level desing in the overworld and good level desings in the dungeons-A good challenge for speedrunners-Bellydancing-Pixel b00biesCons:-Sometimes traveling can become quite dull-Some people have issues with this port, some minor, some greater, but the ports doesn't work 100% fine in every PC-WHERE THE HELL DO I FIND A MAGIC JAM NOW?!?!TL;DR version: Like Metroidvanias and/or platformers? Try this game."
76561198014589920,Recommended,277890,11589501,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,LemonCurry?,"Great game, i had a blast playing it !WARNING : the port is not that great and you shuold check it out mor in depth before buying it."
,Recommended,277890,13962150,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bartifast,great forever
76561197979305210,Recommended,277890,14056079,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dalbozofgurth,"This game is classic 16-32 bit era style 2d platforming!This game is not a rage fest.  It provides good enough difficulty that you feel it's in line with classics such as Disney's Aladdin, or Quackshot.  It's also very amusing.  I don't mean funny, so much, as amusing.  They break the 4th wall, indicating multiple times that the characters are more or less actors playing roles as written by a script, while doing it with enough enthusiasm it feels appropriately exciting.  You're never sure exactly what is ""really real"" and what is ""scripted"" from the characters' perspectives, but that doesn't matter, because it's got a great balance to their portrayal.   I'd personally like to believe that Shantae is a real full fledged Genie who is putting on a play with the rest of her friends for everyones' enjoyment!But, whatever the ""real story is"", the videogame story we're given is awesome fun!  Shantae may be a story of three girl characters (Shantae, Risky Boots and Rotty Tops), but it's not ""girly"".  It's just plain adventurous fun!  She's also been around for a very long time, and I'm somewhat disappoitned that we don't have more of her on Steam!C'MON, WAYFORWARD!  Bring all of Shantae on Steam and give us some cool♥♥♥♥♥stuff, like desktop wallpapers and sountrack downloads!"
,Recommended,277890,11748027,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ajshim,This a fun game for anyone who loves the side scrolling action genre. There's plenty of secrets and replay value to find with this gem. If you have never heard of this series I'd say this game is great start.
,Recommended,277890,13207618,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,VmKid,"Adorably fun platformer, though it suffers from a number of porting issues, such as out-of-place fonts and dialog boxes that look TOO good compared to the in-game pixel art. In addition, A and B buttons are reversed in menus for some reason.Otherwise, it's a very fun game with pretty good controls, writing, music, graphics, sound, and the kitchen sink."
,Recommended,277890,13832609,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,XCT3,"A fun, casual platformer.Press Alt+Enter for fullscreen, and optionally set screen mode to stretch.To prevent screen tearing while running, add a -v launch option in the game's Steam properties."
,Recommended,277890,18875807,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,metalsonic71,"Although not the best Shantae game, it still brings the core mechanics of whip n' run exploration."
,Recommended,277890,16298589,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,JLuizMorenoB,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut is a game released in 2010 for the Nintendo DS, re-released in 2013 for the iPhone and ported from iPhone for PC and it's a sequel for a Game Boy Color game released in 2002 called just Shantae.If you don't know, here's some SPOILERS for you!In the first Shantae, you battle against a pirate called Risky Boots, she was trying to take control of Sequin Land, but, as it's supposed to, the hero appears! It's a genie, actually, a HALF-GENIE called Shantae, and she was going to destroy Risky's plans. After lots of Dungeons and new powers and Transformation Dances to solve Puzzles, she managed to stop Risky Boots for good.Now, almost a decade later, Shantae has to go to her uncle's workshop to see what he found on a trip, he start talking about his Indiana Jones-Like Adventures until something stops him, a weird noise coming from above, it's Risky Boots and she's back for her revenge against Shantae by stealing the Magic Lamp that Shantae's Uncle found, after a battle with Risky, the Mayor appears to say that Shantae is not the Guardian Genie of Sequin Land from now on. And so, the game truly begins!Shantae has the quest of finding Three Magic Seals hidden in 2 Dungeons and 1 Challenge Tower. In each of the Dungeons, Shantae gains one of three new powers, Elephant, Monkey and Mermaid. Also, each time you get a seal, Risky appears trying to take the seals. Don't forget to do twice the Challenge Tower for a secret in the 2nd time. After this, Shantae returns home to discover that Uncle got kidnapped, but since she didn't know where he was, she needed help, that's where Squid Baron comes in. after he explodes in a Stage Clear Sequence (Shantae asks what happened, he said for her to not blame him for putting up a fight) he says he saw who kidnapped Her Uncle, but he needed help, so, yeah, help him, it's not like you have a choice, it's for more fun! After finding 3 Squid Baby, Squid Baron says Rottytops kidnapped Shantae's Uncle and it was in Risky's Hideout. After a Rayman Origins/Any 2D Shooters-Like sequence, you go through the Final (4th,3rd if you don't consider Challenge Tower a Dungeon) Dungeon of the game and battles the Final Boss! But Risky steals Shantae's powers by using the Magic Lamp and creating Nega-Shantae. As it's supposed to, Shantae wins and returns home without powers because she destroyed Nega-Shantae, she returns as the Guardian Genie of Sequin Land and everyone is happy again! Maybe not, but who knows at this point? You'll have to play Shantae and the Pirate's Curse to know! And replay this with the Magic Mode, makes the game harder and has a different outfit.Pros:- Great Gameplay- Great OST- Great Environment- Great Characters Development- Fun Modes and Replayability- Achievements for Doing 100%, 100% in 2 hours, Non-100% 2 hours and Non-100% 3 hours, making this one of the best Non-Sonic games for Speedrunning (Hint: Press Pause to Skip Conversations, Time doesn't stop when you're talking, not in this game, not in Shantae and the Pirate's Curse and not even in real life)Cons:- Too Short- Too Short- Too Short- Did I mention it's Too Short?9/10 - Not too big, but enough for fun and wanting more of this series, buy this and Shantae and the Pirate's Curse for more stories!Has Steam Trading Cards, Wallpapers, Achievements and Emoticon"
,Recommended,277890,14907965,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Force (EMF),"You are a sexy, scantily-clad genie with magical powers who travels the land trying to stop an equally sexy pirate.Also tight gameplay and made by a company that will put your money to good use unlike some I can think of."
,Recommended,277890,23990710,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Magearna,"If ""I whip my hair back and forth"" was still relevant, this could pass as a decent joke."
76561198029368668,Recommended,277890,15489928,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kuutti,"Pros:+ Very good and addicting gameplay+ Memorable characters and great humor+ Lots of collectables and hidden goodies+ Amazing soundtrack+ 4 different endings+ You get an additional gamemode after completing the gameCons:- Pretty short, only took me about 6 hours to complete- The bossfights can get pretty repetitive- Caves and dungeons are sometimes hard to navigateConclusion:You should definitely try this out if you haven't already. If you are a fan of Metroidvania games or platformers in general, I'm pretty sure you're going to like this one."
,Recommended,277890,22880911,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BlazeHedgehog,"There's a lot about Shantae: Risky's Revenge that you can be very nitpicky of. For a company that's as experienced with making games as WayForward is, there are a lot of parts of Risky's Revenge that feel bizarrely amateur. This is an adventure style game like Metroid (a ""Metroidvania"" as the kids call it), but the space isn't utilized very well. Every time it feels like the game is going to open up, it... well, doesn't. You just get funneled down the same hallway you've been through six times.Because of this, the game is also short. Now, being short isn't necessarily worthy of complaint, but Risky's Revenge ends right when it feels like the game should be getting started. Again, you wait for it to open up and it never happens. Near the end of the game you get this new ability and it feels like the world doubles in size... but all it really means is you get a bunch of huge, bare, empty rooms that go nowhere. It's not that it's short, it's that it doesn't feel like enough. The game is structured poorly, and paced poorly.I also feel like it breaks the rules sometimes. Shops in the game sell you all kinds of items, but they don't feel essential. They're optional power-ups if you feel stuck or overwhelmed... until you're required to have them in order to clear certain mandatory puzzles out of the blue near the end of the game. They don't feel utilitarian in that way. It's sloppy, like if you got to the end of a Legend of Zelda game and suddenly needed to use a red potion to clear a dungeon for no reason.But I didn't hate the game, I guess. Again, my complaints could probably be seen as nitpicks. There's still fun to be had in Risky's Revenge, it's just there's a lot of things that hold it back. It's not a great game, just merely... okay."
76561198107385672,Recommended,277890,11303273,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"I've seen the orignal gameboy color version of this game on a stream on twitch that I didn't know at all. I immediatly found the character very cute and the platform style attracting and this game got stuck in my mind till I tried the original emluated version. I loved it instantly. I've only tried the very beginning on the steam version yet and don't know the differences with the original but I can tell that in the beginning of the original there was a particular originality is how the background is designed that makes you walk on slight slopes and a little bit confusing about where to go because of how you go back and forth behind or in front. But it was precisely something I found totally original and very enjoyable actually. In this game there's a system of foreground and background zone that uses special spots to jump back and forth. I Love both the version I tried on gameboy color emulator and this one which has veeeery cute pleasing graphics and both are a pleasure for the eyes and the gameplay. Wonderful world Full of colors and cuteness, detailed animations that are giving life to this game, belly dancing resulting in multiple special tranformations. It'ss definitly entertaining."
,Recommended,277890,12767481,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kddddddd,Boobs. 10/10
,Recommended,277890,12223891,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Morelia,"Short, but sweet."
,Recommended,277890,13476168,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Zeroko,Hair waifu sim
,Recommended,277890,13890659,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Motol,protag does a little butt wiggle if you crouch and stay idlehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uneSOPqqAFw
,Recommended,277890,32638050,Posted: 22 June,all,Delifresh,"a good game. simple and straightforward in mechanics and controls, but the game progression and puzzles hinder the gameplay a bit, and although level design is decent the map design is pretty meh/muddy. interesting pay-to-upgrade ability progression (in-game gems! not real money.) and the writing is pretty funny."
76561198056824308,Recommended,277890,25055671,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,franzferdinand86,Classic rpg-style platformer at its best.
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,277890,31306607,Posted: 22 April,all,gonzo191,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge is an action/platform where you play as a shape shifting half genie and is overall a nice game but it suffers from numerous issues pertaining to porting, input, combat and level design.Pros+ The pixel graphics are really nice and seeing that it's a port of a DSi game, they've aged rather nicely.+ The music is really pleasing from what little I heard.Cons- The game will crash if you decide to enter the Options menu once in game. You can open it from the main menu fine but once you;re in game it will promptly crash.- Movement feels sluggish and not tight like I'd expect it to be.- Combat is rather lacklustre and boring where your main combat mechanic is your hair whip attack where you can only attack directly in front of you.- You have magic but its damage is rather laughable. Your starting spell takes so long to kill anything that you're better off only using your melee.- Button presses are unresponsive at times or present some levels of input lag. This is a major detriment to any action/platform game. So much so that it haults my progress in completing a dungeon by not being able to beat a boss seeing that my jump commands aren't registering 100% of the time resulting in unwarranted damage. Same goes for transformations, sometimes I can transform instantly by tapping the dance button (Y) other times I have to hold it until kingdom come.- Horrible boss battles as bosses are straight up sponges.Irritations+/- The multi-layer approach to level design is quite nice initially but instantly becomes tedious if you're lost and don't know where to proceed. Seeing that you have to constantly locate jump pads in order to jump back and forth between layers rather than simply scrolling to the left or right.+/- Buttons (A) and (B) seem to be swapped for whatever reason with (B) being the Action command and (A) being Cancel. I don't think they can be rebound.+/- Black bars on the side of the screen seeing that it's a port of a 4:3 ratio game. That's not the weird thing though, the logo splash screen and title screen covers the entire window but you're greeted with the gutters once in-game. It's not jarring or anything but just inconsistent.VerdictWhile the game does have a certain level of charm to it, the issues which it has hinders it from being enjoyable. Do note that I couldn't finish this game as a result of all issues noted but judging solely from what I played I simply can't recommend it which is a shame."
76561198101103322,Recommended,277890,11296633,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dishonestabe69,"It's a great game, that's all I got to say. XD"
,Recommended,277890,11266026,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Vellum,"As someone who doesn't generally like platformers, I'd like to say that Shantae is a fantastic series.  Because seriously it is.This incarnation is a little less Nintendo hard than the original and deals with usable items and magic better as well as providing more save points.  Transformation sequences have also been simplified, which is a benefit as these got a little tedious in the original game and didn't add to the gameplay (as the transformations themselves are the real gameplay gold).Graphically the game is pretty solid, the music is fantastic, and the controls improve greatly upon the original scheme.Some might be deterred because this game is also free on IOS, I've tried playing it on IOS and it is a horrible mess because touch controls are horrendous for a game like this.  Additionally this directors cut version includes extra modes of play and a map that is not in other versions (3DS or IOS) and it is a bit cheaper than the 3DS version.If you like platformers at all this is one to buy, especially as it is a bit more accessible than the original, bypasses the travesty that is IOS controls, and has a bit more content than the 3DS version.I'm certainly looking Wayforward to the next game from this developer."
76561198115081889,Recommended,277890,26023305,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Nipples the Enchilada,"If I could put a ""maybe"" option, I would. Honestly, I love the Shantae series and the games are pretty fun (Half-Genie hero hype). This one is good but, I am not sure if you would want this to be your first. It fixes lots of problems from the first one but, it is still clunky at times and the game is REALLY ♥♥♥♥ing short. I recommend Pirate's Curse first."
,Recommended,277890,24248707,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Reggie Fils-Aime,"this game has hot grill, the best george foreman in town 10/10"
,Not Recommended,277890,13327613,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pawuun,"My biggest problem with the game is the amount of backtracking you have to do. While you progress through the game you revisit most of the places lots of times. It's especially enerving since the only way the game is getting more difficult is by adding more and more enemies to the screens you have to pass to get where you want and fighting them is no fun at all. Most of the screens on the map or in the dungeons just go horizontal on one plattform, means usually pressing right or left and wait till you get to the end of the screen is all you do in between fighting enemies. The jump n run parts are rarely a challenge and the overall design of the levels is pretty boring.The art direction on the other hand is quite nice and charming and the hypno-barons lair isn't that bad.If you wonder why the time I spend with the game is so high although it is pretty short and I obviously do not like it... I quit the game several times because I didn't have fun with it and started over again before finishing it.I spent money on it and at least wanted to get through the game one time ..."
76561198168447825,Recommended,277890,21678499,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tamarlence,"The game is fairly short, but enjoyable for the most part. Most of your time spent will be running back and forth across the map finding items to upgrade Shantae's health and belly dancing magic. The spells are for the most part useless in my opinion. Your main attack is your hair whip, which can be upgraded in the shop. The puzzles are satisfying, the bosses can be challenging, and the music is nice. The controls are a bit rough though. Overall a good game. 8/10"
,Recommended,277890,12507619,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,"This game is f***ing rad.For some reason it doesn't seem to support fullscreen correctly on my machine, so I have to use shiftwindow. It may be because I have the dual monitor thing going on. Also, the control pad setup wouldn't let me set the X button for both 'confirm' and 'attack', so I hex edited the save file to make it so. Works good so far. Should be allowed by the internal config IMO.Other than that, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,277890,22985914,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dave,"By far not as good as Pirate's Curse, although, it's still quite enjoyable. 3-5 hours of gameplay, so buy it only if cheap!"
76561198031832303,Recommended,277890,11265005,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Davidic SSJ4,"I originally played this game on the ipad. It was great then and the PC version is even better! I know the ipad version was free but, this is the director's cut which means there's extra content, and even if there wasn't  any extra I'd still say that it's worth supporting the developers! My only complaint with tehe steam version so far would be the default controls but that was easily remedied through the ""control config"" option in the options menu. I LOVE it when the key binding option is included in a game!As far as the game itself goes, the gameplay is great, the story is good, the items and bonuses are excellent.Although the game is really good, I find it a bit lacking compared the the original game on the gameboy color. I miss the dance parlor which served as an alternative way to earn s apart from slaying monsters. Also, the bath house was a good alternative to constantly using potions to heal. It would have been nice if those features had carried over to Risky's Revenge for convenience but not having them isn't game breaking at all. All and all I rate this game about 8/10."
,Recommended,277890,11297050,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ragnarok_MPH,Do you like old-school platformers and/or boobs? Then you will probably enjoy this game.
76561198063522677,Recommended,277890,22031197,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kuromori,Truly a Gem !Wayforward give us the new Shantae game pls !
,Recommended,277890,20276222,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dr. Orgasmo,Shantae is definitely number one waifu material.
,Recommended,277890,21624245,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Smedis2,The game plays with you as much as you play with yourself.
,Recommended,277890,14869018,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,эстетический,Found a giant octopus.Didn't get hentai.0/10
,Recommended,277890,18637412,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kuul Cat,damn she fine
,Recommended,277890,19537680,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Garket Mardener,"Wow! it's a review!I mean, sure, this game is really nice and all, and even being an old game well-ported to steam, it's greatly overshadowed by its sequel ""Shantae & The Pirate's Curse""Since there's a lore connection in the whole saga, i want you to get both. If you can.This game features basic metroidvania mechanics, comedy and a good storyline blah blah etc etcCan you just check my Pirate's Curse review? I'm just tired of writing...http://steamcommunity.com/id/garketmardener/recommended/345820There we go. You get the idea. This game's like that other one but older and a bit simpler. As such, it's also cheaper. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't get it.It's got comedy, it's got drama, it's got mystery, it's got plot twists, it's got well developed characters, it's got good music, it's really got everything you'd want from a game. To be part fun and part art.I already gave you enough compliments on the other review, so i won't be praising your greatness here again,WayForward Technologies.That'd look silly and overdone.Uh right, the rating9.5/10. I'd rate every WayForward game like that or even 10/10And there i go again praising them. Welp."
76561198141855315,Recommended,277890,14236905,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,bradtehchef,You can belly dance and turn into an adorable monkey10 out of 1010 outta 10DAN OUTTTA DAN
,Recommended,277890,29367118,Posted: 19 January,all,Seco,"I've fallen in love with this game, and declared shantae as my waifu. If you haven't bought this game, get money and buy it. It's literally one of the best things i've played next to legend of zelda (WWHD) and smash bros.Pros:SS Tier WaifuFemale ProtagonistDiffucult ChallengeFun, Insanely Fun.You get to upgrade stuff... who doesn't love that.Much much more...Cons:I can't even think of any. I guess the game is too loud on startup..."
76561198051387607,Recommended,277890,33232237,Posted: 4 July,all,Hammaxe,Fun platformer
,Recommended,277890,31182257,Posted: 16 April,all,Mechavelli,"I got this game during a sale for $5 US, and it was worth the money. I'm a sucker for retro style sidescrollers, so I may have some bias there, but this game is good even when you remove that factor: the controls are tight, the art style is fun and interesting, and it lasts long enough to make your purchase worth it. Those hours that I have logged are how long it took to complete a single run.The story isn't fantastic or anything special, but the adventure and combat elements help you gloss that over. The main feature of Shantae is being able to turn into different animals with Shantae's belly dance, and it was always fun to use this mechanic to get around the levels. A word of warning though, it's better with a controller.In conclusion, get this game if you like sidescrollers and if this is on sale."
76561198042951950,Recommended,277890,13946050,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tundra,"Platforming, dancing, exploring, booty shaking"
,Recommended,277890,16670661,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mogul,"If your game starts to crash around in Tangled Wods or after tutorial. Be sure to set it in compability mode, Windows XP Service Pack 3 to be precise! This could probably already been patched now, but it's better to do it beforehand and not having to risk it.With that out of the way, if you haven't bought this game. BUY IT! Not only do you get to play as a adorable half genie hero, but experience the true definition of platforming fun! Love Metroid? Then this is for you!I also highly recommend giving Pirate's Curse a shot (own it on 3DS). As far as I'm aware, Pirate's Curse just improves more on Risky's Revenge and only makes it even better."
,Recommended,277890,14929094,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,PsychOut,"Confusing controls, options menu crashes from time to time, but ends up being overall fun and interesting. If you want to try something a little more retro, but with a new-style feeling, take a crack at this. It's quite fun. i may only have an hour in when I post this but 9.5/10 I'll be playing this for the weekend."
,Recommended,277890,13527671,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tundra Hunter,11/10 fokin amazing
,Recommended,277890,24731758,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I recommend this video game.
,Recommended,277890,17083949,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kibs Prime Ribs,7/10 Too much water
,Recommended,277890,25763882,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,eat my short,how do i smoke weed
,Recommended,277890,26178194,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,子供デレ 🍰,This game is a little gem.
,Recommended,277890,11253066,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,risbolla,cool
76561198009337522,Not Recommended,277890,16508896,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Delta,"Nice 2D graphics and music but ultimately it's a fairly mediocre metroidvania titles. The three transformations are interesting but only have about one special ability each and are mainly used to get past specific obstacles. They aren't suitable for combat and the level design doesn't really offer the sort of platform challenges that could have made them (especially the wall-climbing monkey) interesting.The overworld is small and it doesn't really shine in any particular area (e.g. level design, combat, bosses or story) so I think you could do better with other titles like Cave Story, Shovel Knight or VVVVV."
,Not Recommended,277890,16411602,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,grumbel,"The game has Ok/Cancel mapped the wrong way around on Xbox360 gamepads, B/A instead of A/B, this makes all the menu navigation super confusing. And even so the game has a menu for remapping controls, you can't fix this issue, as it doesn't allow to rebind a single key to two actions (ie. Ok and Jump to A), even so they do that in the default controls.So first impression is pretty terrible already, haven't yet made it deeper into the game."
,Not Recommended,277890,18378224,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ikarrus,"It's okay.I really enjoyed the sequel, Pirate's Curse, because it was a really neat metroid-vania type platformer. You can really see they're good at taking what works and building on it, because Risky's Revenge is missing a lot of things that made me like Pirate's Curse.Get Pirate's Curse instead."
76561197991699460,Not Recommended,277890,15440123,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,WeAllShotHarambe,"Super bad world map, no clarity on where to go, very limited gameplay. Don't waste your money"
,Not Recommended,277890,20819325,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Shiny Sylveon,"Terrible port job.  Visuals are not updated at all, it doesn't fit to fullscreen.  The controls are set so B is to confirm but A is to cancel?  And that can't be fixed without screwing everything else up.  The game itself is fine but buy the 3DS version, this one is not worth the trouble."
76561198154098479,Recommended,277890,28304869,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,468528456,"Hair whip it, whip it good."
76561198119071970,Recommended,277890,27782207,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,UndeadKantus,Pirate Booties
76561198091682568,Recommended,277890,16718831,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DetectiveLizard,"I remember buying this awhile ago together with a friend. We were both interested and I went ahead playing it and he asked me to tell him how it was when I finished it. I suppose this review is for you my friend. :)Now Shantae: Risky's Revenge was my first time ever playing from the series and I knew next to nothing about the game's story. Only the development history. I found the story to be a bit interesting but not a whole lot. The dialogue and the characters however are pretty funny, often making fourth wall jokes and jabbing at one or two video game tropes which I like. It's not the story itself you'll get invested in it's most likely the characters and their interactions you'll enjoy.Visually I'm a bit stumped. It uses pixel art and it's rather well detailed. This is some danm fine pixel art here. The odd problem I have though is that (and this is probably going to sound like the dumbest thing I've ever said) the colour palette is too strong for my taste. It's really bright and fruity and I don't exactly find that personally appealing though this is more of a personal matter. I'm sure a lot of people will enjoy the look of it. I did but just not entirely. In terms of music it's alright but I've got nothing much to say about it. It's a little on the bland side.Gameplay wise it's good, it's a metroidvania game so a lot of upgrades, secrets, puzzles and backtracking which I didn't mind too much. Combat is simple and you can use abilities to help you fight but you'll most often then not just keep hitting enemies with Shantae's ridiculously agile hair. The game is actually in 2.5D which is really cool. Even though it's 2D there are muliple layers in an area to explore for goodies. Boss battles range from fun to ""how long is she going to take to die?""I liked Shantae: Risky's Revenge but I didn't really love it or anything. It was a nice trip to ride and it offered a good game to play. Shantae is really cool to play as and her friends and enemies are a really cool bunch to listen to. I don't think I'm planning to get The Pirate's Curse anytime soon or the original for that matter but I'll keep an eye on Half Genie Hero and see how that's going. Risky's Revenge didn't make me a fan but I am interested in the series if you can get my idea (hope so because I don't). This game get's a nice 7/10."
76561198047428383,Recommended,277890,14005267,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dangus,"I want to ♥♥♥♥ Shantae, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,277890,24597984,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,">""L.Hübscher SEA BEAR. 👺","Risky's Revenge is a cute and short Metroidvania with some nice looking sprites. Besides, that you can transform into animals to overcome several obstacles is a cool idea.Sadly, the map design is horrible. Once you get a new transformation you basically HAVE to search the whole map to access every place you couldn't before, because you never know if the secrets are really optional or not - and most of the times they aren't. That's not really how this kind of game works.The teleport system isn't of much help either. You can't even port directly to the town, even though it's the center of the world.Oh, and the controls feel really clunky sometimes.It is a mediocre game, and you won't miss anything by leaving this out."
,Recommended,277890,28964735,Posted: 2 January,all,kjangsta,Dope.
,Not Recommended,277890,30366377,Posted: 6 March,all,Sahuagin,"It's ok, but not really good enough to recommend. It's extremely short, has tons of needless hunting around and backtracking, extremely forgettable meaningless enemies, basically only has 3 levels, only one of which feels like a real dungeon. There are a few good puzzles, and the third level was pretty good, but otherwise everything else was mediocre. The art is good, and the little bit of gameplay that it has is good, but it's not enough to make the game interesting enough to recommend."
,Not Recommended,277890,20287567,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Animus Furandi,"After playing through this game for the first (and probably only) time, I can honestly say that I was completely miserable for most of it. There is precious little in this sequel that proves to be the least bit fun or rewarding. It's a pretty enough game and a good port of a DSi title, plus the bones of a really good platformer are there. It's just a shame nothing worthwhile came of it. The game is frustrating toil and endless drudgery occasionally punctuated by a chuckle from a line of dialogue or a design choice that doesn't utterly suck. Your reward for persevering through imprecise controls, tons of tedious backtracking, and headache-inducing level design? More of the same, plus glitched achievements. To say that I was disappointed would be an understatement; I hated this game."
,Not Recommended,277890,26297042,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Kraytul,Cute but ultimately entirely uninteresting in gameplay. Doesn't live up to its positive reviews.
,Recommended,277890,21961766,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,lewdlemon,(◎▽◎ ) !!! I can't say no to a cutie bootie genie
,Recommended,277890,26411686,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Blood_Skull_Boi84,This game owned anything I've ever played like an anime fan on prom night.I recommend Pirate's Curse over this but it's still a great game so I give it a 9/10.
,Not Recommended,277890,14234609,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,mattlohkamp,"Wow. I don't really know what all I was expecting, but this is actually kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. It feels like it's reaching too hard on every element it's borrowing from its predecessors - the cutesy scantily-clad girl thing is really uncomfortably overdone, the dialog (poor translation, or poor writing? who knows?) is equally cringe-worthy, the story isn't interesting or engaging at all, and... man I don't know. Super disapointing. It's like - if you're going to quote metroid, castlevania and zelda, you're going to have to know *why* they did the things they did - it's not enough to borrow a few 'enemies blow up into a shower of bones' effects verbatim, give the main character hair instead of a whip, and call it good."
,Recommended,277890,25419118,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ayetoday,would transform into monkey while trying to transform into elephant again.✮✮✮✮½
,Recommended,277890,23287311,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Leela,.
,Not Recommended,277890,22799592,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,luison.cpp,"Overall it's a nice game, but I was unable to enjoy it due to some port issues:The button to jump must be the same button to cancel on the menus. Even if you rebind the buttons in the options, thouse two actions are always binded to the same button. I'm very used to jump with the accept button, so, that was VERY confusing for me.In this game you need to see the map a lot and there is no way to see the map pressing just one button, you must to open the inventory and select the map in the inventory every time you want to see it. And the cursor in the inventory never starts pointing to the map.The game always has two vertical bars at the sides of the screen, even when most of the levels are very wide. In this game there is no purpose for the 4:3 field of view, is not used to divide the map on ""tiles"" nor used to hide secrets, it was just a side effect of being a port.Seeing the other reviews, looks like most of the people don't care about that points, and I envy them for being able to enjoy the game, but at the same time, I think somebody has to complain about these issues."
,Not Recommended,277890,16516092,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RedVelociraptor,No fullscreen?
,Not Recommended,277890,15483421,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Solkia,SJWs make me keep failing Ammo Baron's gauntlet
76561198042078691,Not Recommended,277890,34916108,Posted: 13 September,all,vjeol,"shantae is a sidescrolling game for those whom aren't picky about what games they play.on the one hand; it has a decent aesthetic and is by no means a 'bad game'but on the other hand it doesn't really compare to the vast majority of other 'good' 2d sidescrolling games out there.you see, the thing is that sidescrollers are one of the oldest genres of video games out there, and since the genre's inception, developers have learnt a lot about what works and what doesn't.although shantae doesn't exactly fly in the face of all this industry knowledge, it certainly does ignore a lot of it, providing the player with nonsensical map design, weird level progression, unintuitive controls and a degree of backtracking that even most metroidvania games would sniff at.now I haven't written this to spit in the faces of those who like this game; shantae has a rightly deserved fanbase whom are happy to enjoy its unusual design, and I am more than content to let them have at it, as I said earlier; this is certainly not a bad game.but to those few of you still on the fence about it, I'd like to say this:though this is a game that would have been competitive a decade or so ago, today, it is merely average.regardless of whether you're talking about mass marketed sidescrollers or indies (including those from around the time of it's release) this game is rather mediocre by comparison"
76561198029142433,Not Recommended,277890,29615405,Posted: 31 January,all,Boz Bozman,"The game is not bad, it just fails to excel anywhere. If you've played platformers like this, there is nothing new here. Level design is unimpressive."
76561198072372781,Not Recommended,277890,33356289,Posted: 7 July,all,nanodmg,Awful optimisation
,Not Recommended,277890,22723788,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pepincity,"It's a pretty barebones platformer that doesn't offer much. It is more like the 2D Castlevania, but with intentionaly confusing objectives that will make you go back and forth all over the map until you find what you need. The music is repetitive.Sometimes, the controls need to be tighter than what the Xbox360's controller can provide, and you cannot play in fullscreen mode.I really liked the writing, but not the setting. Pumpkin fileds don't fit near a town in the desert with genies and pirates."
76561198035290819,Not Recommended,277890,25486484,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mr. crazydude,"nice visuals..no content.It looked like a nice and fun game but it's just so frustrating. I never get directions where to go. when I finally get there I'm supposed to have found some crucial skill in a cave 5 levels back. It's backtracking the game, non stop.I have almost beaten it and I'm going to beat it just so I can slap my♥♥♥♥♥♥in it's face and tell it to suck it!"
,Not Recommended,277890,29634370,Posted: 1 February,all,Shaded Spriter,"Bad design and age ruin this metroidvania game.I wanted to play all of the Shantae series in order but bad level design and the age of this game makes this one mostly unplayable except to completionists.The camera is too close, the jumping mechanics are broken by low celings and boss fights are straight DPS battles and the exploration is ruined by a world which is too open."
,Not Recommended,277890,13569419,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,#StalkedByAnimeNazis,Glitched shovelware where u can't even rebind menu keysAvoid
76561197961171525,Not Recommended,277890,11995730,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Olaf,"Combat drags down an other wise great metroidvania style game. It's sluggish, clumsy, boring, and unsatisfying. With her primary attack being a hair whip, it's really sad that it can only go out horizontally. Multi-directional whipping would have brought a lot combat, particularly against the more annoying small enemies that always come at wierd angles.Starting fire magic can't be used in the air and suffers a frustrating amount of lag to cast for a single hit plus a very slow to damage burn.The lighting cloud does seem to have potential, but simplies takes too long to activate and alternate its attack angles to really shine.The ball attack is the only one that seems to have practical use, but it's such a passive magic that it could just as easily be replaced by a hair damage upgrade combine with multi directional attacking.What further drags combat out is no cancels. In Castlevania games, you could time a jump attack so landing would interupt the lag, allowing you to attack again. Attacks on the ground could be canceled by back dashing, which Shantae can do. However, Castlevania games in many cases allowed you to cancel the back dash in some form, either with a crouch or jump, allowing practiced players to maximize damage (and feel like a badass) when an enemy was open.Shantae has no way to cancel her backdash, reducing it to a meager retreat button and an clumsy sprint for speed runners.As the enemies got more difficult through a combo of more attacks, more HP, and level design basically forcing you to fight them or get hit to pass by, combat had deteriorated to a yawn fest of cast ball and mash attack until it's dead. This completely steals focus from exploration and platforming, which are actually a lot of fun. But combat situations are basically forced into the spotlight constantly to the point that exploration becomes a chore instead of being fun."
,Not Recommended,277890,15974946,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"A cute game, but I got this because it was called a metroidvania, it's a zelda-lite.It's also rather minor in most of its elements, not feeling like you're exploring or progressing, just fumbling through a few set stages.It has a lot of good ideas, but this appears as more of a first attempt at trying new things than a final product in terms of overall design."
,Not Recommended,277890,13854799,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,deathlawlGames,after you walk off screen after you get the egg the screen goes white and won't load
76561198097081938,Not Recommended,277890,29056397,Posted: 6 January,all,skyrimemailtest,Less than 7 hours and now I am stuck at the final boss who needs to be hit like 400 times to die.Horrible attempt at making the game longer.
76561198029580252,Recommended,277890,28773526,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Truck Stop Santa Claus,FAP FAP FAP
76561198032866048,Not Recommended,277890,11523960,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,nagu_al,"A lazy port with terrible control configuration and control issues, screen-tearing and no full screen . The last 2 issues can be fixed outside the game. (adding -v to launch options and pressing alt+enter to go full screen).Another dodgy port from mobile platforms."
,Not Recommended,277890,12754340,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,max_combo,"Pros:cute!Cons:bad control configurationsave file deleting glitchsome screen tearingslow sluggish combatcopy paste level designwaaay too easyvery short, can be beaten in less than an houruseless mapuprezzed graphics"
76561198010110667,Not Recommended,277890,11583180,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Scare Ball,"I really liked this game, and was fully prepared to shower it with praise, until they kept ♥♥♥♥in' saying ""Ret-2-Go"" like its a thing (it's not), and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.♥♥♥♥ this game.It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port anyway. 'Suffers from screen tearing regardless of vsync.AMD users have graphics issues wherein background sprites (such as enemies) don't blur as they're supposed to, and it ends up being confusing as to which plane they're occupying.♥♥♥♥♥♥ touch-screen interface controls didn't translate well (with a controller, you'd need to press start, down, right, right, right, right, right, B to access map)."
,Not Recommended,277890,11604307,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,William the Bastard,"broken, just made of glitches and sve files disapear often. Every time I play it it introduces a fun new glitch."
,Not Recommended,277890,12591815,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Zen | BDNation,too short lame boss battle ending but still a good stratigy platformer.
,Recommended,277890,17051100,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,4as,"Shantae RR is quite fun and cute little platforming game with a good dose of exploration mixed in. It is true that it is rather short (you are expected to finish it in 4 hours, but it might go up to 8 if you want to discover all the secrets) and possible easy (especially for veterans of the similar games), but it is exactly what makes it special.Great way to introduce people to the ""metroidvania"" style of games, but also a solid experience for the fans of the genre.All in all Shantae is a charming and irresistible game."
76561198053504632,Recommended,277890,17083075,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,HAL 9000,"This game is pretty good, but short. I wish it was a bit longer, aisde from that the gameplay is solid and had some fun platforming challenges and some decent boss fights. But like I said, it's a bit short so I would recomend trying to catch the game on sell"
76561198011237530,Recommended,277890,17306407,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,🎃ArousedJelly💀,"Beat it in about 5 hours so its fairly short but its a great experince. I'd recommend using a controller as it feels a lot more fluid compared to KBM but go ahead and be a pleb I'm not your mom I can't make you do anything you don't want to. Overall a solid action platformer just like its predecessors. Not to go on a tagent her but god dam Shantaes cute too I mean what else do you want from a video game? Wayforward's name is no misnomer, they paving the way forward to good video games."
76561198117325002,Recommended,277890,17262861,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The_Duffest,A fun game with some actual heart put into it.
76561198028116130,Recommended,277890,16732862,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ToastyRoasty,"Despite being really short in my honest opinion ( 3 dungeons, the other one is ""barely"" a dungeon and 4 bosses) , thats not to say the game is not worth the price. id say its well worth it.the level design is very well thought out although most of that frustration comes from the hypno baron dungeon. but its just enough to not turn you off from the game.short review:id say this is a pretty casual metroidvania platformer because its pretty hard to die if you buy a lot of potions. most of the platforming isnt very hard, with a few exceptions here and there.the soundtrack is fun to listen to, although i wish the cavern/dungeon song is different between dungeons.i the graphics are very cute and very well animated, despite being a pixelated game.story is meh. its kinda just in the game so it has a story. sorta.overall gameplay is pretty standard metroid vania, especially with the backtracking to get stuff you cant get earlier, and you gotta collect gems to upgrade your magic. your transformation is rarely used for combat since i guess the purpose is just to get through certain points in the game , though i have mixed feelings about this. i guess the combat can be pretty varied if the transformation is also effective in combat but at the same time it doesnt feel right to weaponize everything.id say get this game. cheap as chips, especially on sale if you want a relaxing platformer with cute graphics."
76561198072182182,Recommended,277890,16771905,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"This belly-dancing metroidvania is fun, satisfying, and well-deserving of its cult status!  It's also very pretty and more than a little funny.  The cutesy feel-good aura ofRisky's Revengeaffected me to such an extent that, within 1.5 hrs, I had developed an enthusiasm for all things Shantae!"
,Recommended,277890,16664898,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,JTDaddy17,"This game is awesome! With humorus and witty dialouges, and a colorful cast of characters, to it's catchy soundtrack and challenging puzzles, the story though is a bit simple but things really pick up at the climax! The game is a bit short, and lacking on bosses, but the gameplay is very unique bringing a ""Metriodvania"" map structure all across Squalin Land, and getting powerups and collectable really makes this game replayable! Oh and the sprite animation is really well done too! Very nice! So, great gameplay, characters, chuckleworthy dialouge, and how it plays in general, although it has limited bosses, they still put up a good fight! I really recommend this game to those who haven't tried it yet! It is really good! I'll be looking forward to play her 3rd game next and review that too! And looking forward to her upcoming 4th title, Half Genie Hero! Keep up the good work Wayforward! And also... #Shantaeforsmash!!! :D"
,Recommended,277890,16679577,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LunarEgo,"This is a phenomenal game. If you're a fan of tight, metroidvania style platformers, you owe it to yourself to pick this one up.The game is extremely fun, but it does have some difficulty issues. Most of the game is a cakewalk, but the third dungeon dramatically increases difficulty and then everything just falls by the wayside again.If I had another complaint, it would be that the game picks up too much from the initial game in the series, which was a  2002 Gameboy Color release. You can understand the plot just fine, but it feels like you are missing a lot of the character's history with each other. Nonetheless, the plot of the game is completely understandable.Minor flaws aside, this game is fantastic. It is one of the best platformers on Steam that I've  played."
76561198025747117,Recommended,277890,16770664,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shteke,"This is proving to be a really fun game so far.  It feels like it's a rather short game, but the fact that speed runs are encouraged by the game will definitely add to the replayability if you're into that sort of thing."
76561198031383772,Recommended,277890,16950677,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Revanaught,Giant pirate♥♥♥♥♥♥ giant zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥ medium half-genie♥♥♥♥♥♥ and skimpy outfits galore.
,Recommended,277890,16952445,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DeLuman,"Great little platformer and what I'll call a medriovania-lite, a little short but very fun none the less."
76561198008716718,Recommended,277890,17382829,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nip Devil,"Believe in the hype! Shantae is a solid platformer with charming visuals and superb gameplay. Modern Legend of Zelda fused into Castlevania. Her hair is also a whip. I sound like I'm rambling now, but you just have to play it. Very easy to reccomend."
76561198052970597,Recommended,277890,18914279,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Senator English,This game is a really good deal for $10. It's a fun action platformer that continues with a cult classic series. If you liked Metroid then this is definetly for you!
,Recommended,277890,18897002,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The Great Yoyo,"Its a pretty good metriodvania sidescroller. You can tell they put a lot of effort into making this game, because the music and pixel art are top notch. The story and characters are silly, and your attacks and genie powers keep things interesting thoughout the game. However, if you're looking for a difficult game this isn't one. I'd say its about as hard as a new Mario game, maybe even easier. You may also get lost every once and a while considering its a metroidvania game, but its still one of the best sidescrollers on pc right now."
76561198050379221,Recommended,277890,18935378,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rotslayer,"This game is decent, nothing more nothing less. It won't wow you, but it also won't irk you. If you are looking for a platformer where you have to backtrack sometimes to get items (is that what it means to be a ""metroidvania"" game?) and want to kill some time then this one is not bad. I knew I was going to be annoyed by returning to previous sections to get an item aspect here because the game wasn't inherently fun enough and doesn't having any leveling up elements so I just looked online for where I would need to go. It actually didn't take too long so I wasn't as displeased as I imagined I would be.If you can play something better like Castlevania SotN then do that. I bought Shantae: Risky's Revenge and wanted to finish it and it was fine so I did but I wouldn't play it twice. After playing a lot of games that get obnoxious around the halfway point, I was ok playing a bland platformer neither too frustrating nor too lacking. Goldilocks approved."
76561197970739339,Recommended,277890,18984212,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"I only recently got into the Shantae series. I actually began by contributing to the kickstarter for the upcoming forth entry, Half-Genie Hero. I had always heard good things about the series. I started with the original- an odd game by any measure, being a Gameboy Color game released at the extreme end of that console's lifespan- 2002, so extreme in fact that it had code that enabled richer colors and additional gameplay features if played on a Gameboy Advance. Sadly, though that entry was eventually available as a digital download on the Wii, it has yet to grace PC, as this entry has.Risky's Revenge is the sophmore entry in the series, also an oddball, being originally released as a digital download on, of all things, the DSi's download service. It subsequently made its way to iOS before find its true home here on Steam. Like its predecessor, Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a lighthearted metroidvania rich with the same quality of color, character design and music that characterized the console games that inspired it. The music in particular deserves special recognition, another striking example of Virt Kaufman's work- a chiptune luminary who has also worked on Shovel Knight, Scurge: Hive and Contra 4. Shantae herself is adorable and endearing, with her short temper and unconventional fighting style, using her hair to whip enemies and performing belly dances to cast transformation spells, allowing her to traverse walls as a monkey, crush rocks as an elephant or explore the depths as a mermaid. The game is alive with equally likable characters and great environments, and the fine detail down to individual enemies is notable. It also has surprisingly entertaining and occasionally risque dialogue. The PC controls are extremely solid and can be remapped to your liking, and support for several screen resolutions is available, so you can find the right balance between visibility and pixel quality. Risky's Revenge improves upon the original game in almost every category: previously disposable combat items now work off a Zelda style magic meter, the lives system is gone, falling in a pit now simply removes some health instead of killing you outright, enemies have much less health, there's an actual map, the dances are easier to perform, and generally, the cheapness factor is gone, though the loss of the bathouse in town is sorely felt, as this was the easiest way to get your health back in the original. However, for metroidvania standards, Risky's Revenge is very easy and also quite short, about five hours at even a leisurely pace, but for the price this isn't unforgivable. This PC Port is the ""Director's cut"" previously seen on iOS, and features an alternate costume for Shantae, unlockable after completing the game once. This outfit halves Shantae's magic usage but also her defense. This version also includes steam achievements and trading cards, if you're into that sort of thing. If you love metroidvanias or platformers of any kind, Shantae is well worth your time, and will delight you as it did me."
76561198159696988,Recommended,277890,18479751,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Devin,"Not the best game in the series but it's a great game it has it's issues it obviously had a lot cut making the game increadibly short. Getting all the items is also a pain due to a large amount of backtracking including revisiting dungeons. Fixes the originals biggest problem the warp squids now will take you to any other warp squid instead of to a set warp squid like the DSi version. The game has a lot of charm and fixes just about every problem with it's prequel transforming is easier and the Magic Meter is a great addition. Shantae controls like a more agile Belmont from Castlevania, the world is interconnected but the map is lacking better to memorize the layout than use it. The dungeons are very similar to Zelda and the bosses are a fun time. It's not too hard one a regular playthrough but will take longer to to get everything."
,Recommended,277890,18510918,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Nai255,Can't afford to spend $300 on the prequel?This is the next best thing
,Recommended,277890,18564141,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game is fairly fun. It's a solid open world sidescroller, but you will get lost very easily. There could have been more to the game, despite the fact that you can buy spells and health. I honestly had nothing to spend my rubies on through most of the game."
,Recommended,277890,18594254,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shantia,Lets see...there's dancing...puzzles that can be solved by dancing...and some more dancing (I looove dancing)
,Recommended,277890,25721108,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Goatmeal,"Very fun game. I'm not typically into 2d games of this variety, but Shantae just hits the mark in all the right places. Great humorous writing, good controls (requires tweaking), nice art design, and supports 1440p. I couldn't tell you if it supports high fps, because all the sprites in the game look just like the trailer. If you like platforming, 2d fighting, or puzzles, you'll probably like this. I'd definitely say it's worth $10, but it sometimes goes on sale. Great soundtrack, by the way."
76561198230698740,Recommended,277890,24255236,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sartorius,"Very fun metroid-vania.Very fun upgrades.I enjoyed the music, especially during boss fights."
76561197997599811,Recommended,277890,27255642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Horo,Loads of fun. Great game.
,Recommended,277890,27347013,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keep A TM04,"The Shantae games have always been a cult classic and I am glad that it's going through a resurgence on modern systems.  I highly suggest picking up this game if you're a fan of the series, are interested in the series, or just want a fun metroidvania style game to play."
,Recommended,277890,18892360,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MarkoRoy,Shantae: Risky's revenge is a very good indie game. It plays like sonic in a way.
,Recommended,277890,26860334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kristinn,I really liked this game.
76561198093919303,Recommended,277890,26639140,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Master Cube,"Get ready to put on your nostalgia glasses, because this one's a fantastic blast to the past! Complete with all those metroidvania goodies that you love."
76561198018788532,Recommended,277890,26893519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HermitError,'s good.  Half genie hero is out soon too so good time to get it.
,Recommended,277890,17177688,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,PanfooToogre,"I've played a bit of the game, and it was great! I enjoyed playing as the female half genie, Shantae, as I went on my quest to stop Risky from doing evil stuff.This game isn't a bad game. This is quite a good game as long as you know what you're doing.However, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse is a MUCH better game, and I would say that's the best of all 3 games. If you want to get a Shantae game just because you want to try out the series, then get Pirate's Curse. If you want to play based on the story, get this then Pirate's Curse.8/10, I killed a puppy in this game."
,Recommended,277890,22624951,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,janders,"Pros:- Beautiful 2D sprites- Pretty tight controls- Decent amount of depth- High replayabilty- Tongue and cheek storyCons:- Few times when I felt lost8/10I highly recommend this game.  Before I say anything else, I just want to gush a little over Shantae's character design.  I only learned about this character somewhat recently, but I absolutely love her design.  She's absolutely adorable; and matches perfectly with the overall setting and mood of this game.  Her personality, hairstyle, clothes and color palette are absolutely spot on.  I couldn't think of a better protagonist for this game.  It makes me sad that this series hasn't caught on with consumers as much as I feel it should.Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a very ""tongue-in-cheek,"" Metroidvania style of game that never takes itself too seriously.  If you're looking for a deep story or characters, you won't find them here.  That said, the gameplay is no joke.  I had never played a Shantae game before; I originally thought that it was a kid's game and that it would be super easy.  However, this game was surprisingly difficult, without being frustrating.  As a platformer, the controls felt nice and tight, there were only a couple of moments when I felt like the game didn't register a button press; and that very well could have just been my controller.  As a Metroidvania style game, it's got your standard fare of money, upgrades and secrets; although the map can be a little hard to read at first, after a few minutes that difficulty had vanished.  However, I would like to point out that there were one or two moments when I felt that the game didn't make it very clear where I needed to go or what I needed to do.  Other than those select moments, the game does a very good job of teaching you the mechanics and telling you where to go without expressly holding your hand.  Throw in some fun and mildly challenging bosses and you've got yourself a pretty solid game here.  I just finished my first playthrough; I'm excited to go through it a few more times before I boot up Shantae: The Pirate's Curse.  Overall, I think this is a great game and everyone who loves this style of game should definitely check it out."
,Recommended,277890,24287243,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,HitThroughSteel,"Pretty fun the transforms was very nice aspect in the game, it gives it unique feel from Shantae and the pirate curse."
,Recommended,277890,24023333,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[VI] Gravity_Lord,"Risky's Revenge is a relatively short game, largely because this is a port of a Gameboy Game and therefore it was designed with a battery's life and the target audience being pre-teens. This means the game isn't altogether difficult, especially if you have a full inventory of potions and magical upgrades by the end.The game is a Metroidvania game with exploration of small dungeons, boss fights and hidden powerups. There is also the fact that when you complete the game, you will get a slightly different ending screen based on how many items you found and/or your clear speed. For those looking for a challenge, complete the game and make your notes on where to go and go for the 2 hour completion acheivement.Personally enjoyed the game, first playthrough wasn't difficult just lengthy with some rooms being a little tedious to complete because of very particular maneuvers you have to do. Story heavily leans on the original game whihc never go ported over to PC. If you're looking for a more laidback Metroidvania game, have a look at Risky's Revenge."
76561198048100963,Recommended,277890,24126087,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ech0,Loved every second of it and live streamed it all for my friends to watch. I had a GREAT time playing this and I HIGHLY reccomend it to everyone.
76561198188548363,Recommended,277890,24032025,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,slidshowcat,"What this game is is baby's first Metroidvania but that's not a bad thing. The game's simple structure for a Metroidvania is great for players who want to get into the geren without nose diving into a hardcore game the Metroid series it self or other games like Dust. There are only 3 dungeons in the game the 1st being simple, 2nd just battle you way out and the 3rd is an actual dungeon. The over-world is nicely detailed and easy to navigate. The music's pretty good too. The real complaint I have with the game is the collectables, there are magic jam jars that you can find througout the game to buy speacial iteams but the only one's that really come in handy are the pike balls the upgrades for it, auto magic refill and the lighting bolt cloud (with is maditory one once in the story) so when I'm back tracking to a place I've been to with the ability to go some where I couldn't before I always think ""I hope it's a heat container and not a another magic jam"". Another collectable negitive is the two animal ability upgrades that you are required to find. They one's for the monkey and elephant just feel tacted on but the mermaid power is cool. That being said the game has great charm with it's characters, design, gameplay and controls. It also has a new game plus mode."
76561198353187264,Recommended,277890,31298067,Posted: 22 April,all,troyski72,Great for first timers into the Metroid-Vania styled gameplay. A bit short and alot of backtracking but it is good overall.
76561198022224964,Recommended,277890,31346161,Posted: 24 April,all,PixeLED Monster,"played the ios version several years back. Didn't finished due to the bad touch controls (touch controls & platform games dont mix) and other things (irrelavent to this review). See this game on sell serval weeks ago. I decide to buy it, to see it how it good as i remember.[for TL;DR; scroll to the bottom]First off, There is no fullscreen mode and streching it dont look ok. Game never crash throughout my playthrough. The A & B buttons are swapped compare to all other games I've played (A for cancel & B to comfirm). So that took awhile to get used to.The game itself, its reather short metoridvania game (beat it in less than 4 hours spend 2 mores hours till steam give me the remaining cards. [ [b]PLEASE NOTE[/b] that iDID NOTget the game just for the cards]).  If your quick enough you could beat this game twice (one on normal & one on magic mode).  There is some challenging area, but then some can be skipped by just warpping.The controls..meh. There are times that i wanted Shantae to turn around after jumping over an enemy to hit it, but she stays looking the wrong direction. same if she is not jumping and i wanted he to just turn around. I have to get her to move 2-5 pixels (the game pixel not monitor's pixel) to get her to turn around which in some cases get hit by any an enemy or their attacks. In jumping areas with chains. i had to be very curefull as she sometimes refuse to let go, go up the chain and then jump, or land on the block (or go down the chain to the single block) and go off one side or other side due to over correcting if landing nea rthe edge (remember that 2-5 pixels i mention earlier). Out of all the changling thing this game have to offer. The controls seems to the biggest change to me.Reason I reccommend this game if you like to play a quick game (normal or speed run through).TL;DR PART HEREthe controls..mehThere is no full screen optionits 4:3, so...stretch for fake 16:9Its a short ok (not great or even close to great) metroidvaina gameGet it for something short to play"
76561198059655115,Recommended,277890,23836665,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ray,Yes.
76561198041756601,Recommended,277890,33424911,Posted: 10 July,all,JiiPee,"Shortly:There's not much I can tell about this game, except its an 2D platformer. If I presume right, this game is a sequel to the original Shantae game made for Game Boy Color device back in 2002.Shantae: Risky's Revenge is old-schooll styled 2D platformer. The game follows semi-linear path, meaning that you can explore the entire world once you've obtained the required items and skills from dungeons to do so.The game is not very long, in fact you can finish it in 4 hours if you rush through it (there's even an achievement for that). But if you explore every nook and cranny, collect every collectible like I did, you can extend that 4 hours of gameplay into ~10 hours.Pros:+ Has this old-school 2D platformer feeling in it+ Save system - if you don't save manually, you'll be punished for dying+ Simple dungeons and bosses+ Pixxelated graphics - who needs triple A quality graphics when the game itself is enjoyable?Cons:- Could have been a little longer- Not much replayability (unless you're achievement hunter)Do I recommend:If you're into old-school 2D platformers, I do recommend you to try this one out.Verdict: 7 / 10 - Good 2D platformer"
76561197990570457,Recommended,277890,30441114,Posted: 10 March,all,BigdanSMASH,"Not the longest game, but enjoyable. There are some points where you may have to run around blindly and look for secret rooms to progress. Tight controls, fair graphics, good sound, neat gameplay mechanics. 6/10"
,Recommended,277890,14966973,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mozgus,"A pretty cute old school platforming adventure. Standout sprite art and soundtrack. All the backtracking can get tedius, as can some of the overly enemy-infested areas. Grab it on sale and you'll enjoy it. I wasn't motivated enough to search for the last few jam jars, to unlock the final tier of magic, but that's ok."
,Recommended,277890,14890935,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,bad1080,"very cool platformer, i really hope the other parts come to steam aswel!"
,Recommended,277890,14895084,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ADDIESAN,"This is the first Shantae game I've ever played and I intend to play them all now. The pixel graphics are absolutely beautiful and cute, and the gameplay is tight and responsive. This metroidvania experience is one that is worth checking out, seriously. I absolutely adore it."
76561198030717829,Recommended,277890,14945559,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,CurumoWolf,Great game! Especially if 2D platformers are your thing.
,Recommended,277890,14948549,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Mariah Wolves,"Sexy belly dancer with purple hair that use for a whip, must buy."
,Recommended,277890,14959173,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Diopside,"Everything you could hope for from a Metroidvania, but bite-size. Still, for a game so obviously designed around speedruns, perhaps its length is its greatest asset. Definitely a must play, you can finish it in a few hours anyway, and as a high quality, super-condensed experience it's well worth your time."
76561198087367924,Recommended,277890,15370222,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,The Mighty Matador,"I played the 3DS version of this game. So I'll summarize it as best as I can.Story:(No Spoilers) 7/10Point A to Point B to Point C. Simple, but could have used a little more. Shantae and Risky are both lively characters, every other character only has a few lines of dialogue and one or two side quests. Which isn't a lot since there aren't many upgrades and collectables.Gameplay: 9/10It plays really similar to Castlevania. Shantae can transform into 3 different forms, Monkey, Elephant, and Mermaid. Mermaid is only used for one area of the game and felt sort of useless. Boss battles are great all the way to the final boss. The secondary power-ups didn't seem well worth it except for the Super Pike ball. Platforming is great, every dungeon has a certain way to get past them using Shantae's different forms.Visuals: 8/10I'm a fan of the pixel sprites, and they are well animated.Some of the characters such as Risky, Sky, and Shantae herself can be a bit off-putting for some(Cleavage and breasts), but you move past it. You know.... for the plot. The environments themselves are ok. Dungeons became very samey after a bit, but there's only four of them, and you spend most of your time running around the varied areas which are pleasing to the eye."
,Recommended,277890,15225506,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,waycooler,"It's a fun little platformer, with a bit of a Metroid-y flavor. That said, the in-game map is really terrible, so find a better one on Google unless you like being lost forever. That's my only gripe, though."
76561198047855330,Recommended,277890,15295998,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Kordak,"Very fun, with a colorful style, and memerable characters. If you enjoy playing metroidvania games at all, you need to pick this up at some point. Wayforward is a company that puts all their heart and soul into very game they make and the Shantae series is proof of that. Here's to awaiting Half-Genie Hero's release and to hoping Priate's Cruse will eventually come to Steam like this one did."
,Recommended,277890,15298278,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The_Kingdom,"the shantae series is awesome, i remember playing this on dsiware back a few yrs back but shantae has come a long way and is prob the best indie series game series...only thing is the game is pretty short, but it does have replay value of 1-2 extra times, not too hard but definitely not easy, great characters, funny dialogue, and remember vote shantae for smash!"
,Recommended,277890,15279613,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,windycornertv,"I wish my girlfriend could belly-dance like Shantae. Oh yes, the game is ok, I guess. But that belly-dance,  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198043976980,Recommended,277890,16438739,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Eleclover2021,"A great new spin on a classic Action, Adventure/Puzzle Platformer. Wayforward has out done themselves again with this sequel. Great arranged music from the old GBC version, plus new music. Still hard but easy enough to have fun with like the original. With great pixel art, and 2d scrolling effects with the jumpboards and all. Deffinately worth the price!"
,Recommended,277890,16510078,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,fashionisdanger,A lovely 2d platform game in the metroidvania style! It won't disappoint you
76561198137658960,Recommended,277890,16321038,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,robblu123,Great metroidvania! The lesbian subtext a great bonus!
,Recommended,277890,18684535,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Studious,"It's colorful and neat. As for the gameplay, it involves light platforming and some exploring. I have to admit though, after it's clear you've seen everything the game has to show; the charm fades a bit. This game's saving grace is the visuals. They're unique, and the character design is good.It's a good time. However, what you see is what you get. Outside of the visuals, this game doesn't feel exceptional in any way. This is a cute little game. But I guess what's hanging me up here is that Shantae keeps consistent throughout the game time. Little to no variation. Of the major powerups, I only ended up using one occasionally when I needed more damage output. I only used transformations when it was required to advance. None of these things felt meaningful or interesting enough to use more than necessary.Now, I'm aware this game was originally designed for the DS; and it certainly feels like it. I feel like this game might hold more ground in a mobile game sort of setting, It makes sense to me; and I'm willing to give this game some leeway for it. I want to like this game way more than I do. I really like this game in theory; but in practice, it's just good. Worth a buy and a playthrough, but not exceptional."
,Recommended,277890,14233799,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,emil_hedgehog,"Retro platformer from the creators of Ducktales Remastered and Mighty Switch Force on the 3DS, with a focus on hair-whipping and magic for defeating enemies and animal transformations to traverse the different levels. Very tight controls and an awesome soundtrack from Jake ""virt"" Kaufman (which can be foundhere) make this a great adventure for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,277890,15016492,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,somngo,10/10แฮ่กๆ ชานเต้ โมเอะ
,Recommended,277890,14920195,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,月に叢雲花に風,"""Do you recommend this game? ""AbsolutelyGreat platformer.Cute characters and plot.The music is really catchy.Great game overall."
,Recommended,277890,15144705,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Isernwyvern,A sequal to one of my child hood franchises and its pretty good I mean its primitive but still good I recommend this game especialy if you love the metroid series.
76561198031519534,Recommended,277890,15148652,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tuton,"This is an excellent game with crisp platform mechanics and action RPG elements. The BGM is very pleasant to listen to and character animation is fluid. Other than a tiny little disappointment for no improvement in graphics compared to the prior version (before the port), there are absolutely nothing to sell cheap about this lovely piece of art. I regret that I have come to meet with this game for so late. 10 out of 10, no doubt. I will be happy to open my wallets for the prequel/sequel releases on Steam."
76561198024179463,Recommended,277890,15127673,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kokmaister,"Strictly WayForward quality. A good port of a tightly controlled platformer, which includes no hand holding Metroid-like exploration. Simply gorgeous pixel art and a killer soundtrack. This game is highly recommended to every exploration platformer fan out there. Buy it, NOW! You wont regret it."
76561197992777999,Recommended,277890,14956861,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Senel,"Oldschool platforming and puzzles, with a loveable cast of characters and an awesomely upbeat soundtrack, Shantae: Risky's Revenge is well worth your time."
76561198027795495,Recommended,277890,15103958,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,scionus99,Cute with alot of personality
76561197976134873,Recommended,277890,15117854,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dukpa,A fun game if you like exploratory puzzle platformers. It's a bit short though. You can play it in a weekend.
76561197971522977,Recommended,277890,14928611,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Arisal,Awesome platforming game.  This is my first Shantae game but it has me hooked to pickup the rest of them.  Very good metroidvania feel to it.  Not many dungeons but they are very fun.  The game is fairly short but most platformers are so it is not really a negative.  If you like Metroid or Castlevania then I highly recommend.  Worth it!
76561197995493821,Recommended,277890,14925099,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SnydeSaxxton,This game is a great platformer. It reminds me of castlevania but without the unfair difficulty and bad controls. My only complaint is that there aren't more Shantae games on steam.
,Recommended,277890,14925435,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Viili,"Pros:+ Metroid -style gameplay+ Awesome soundtrack+ Cheap+ Works great with 360 controller and the controls are great.+ Graphics fit the gameplay well+ Funny story and characters in a vibrant world+ TransformationsCons:- Some framerate drops here and there- Short(-ish)Great platformer with funny dialogue and a female lead character. Although it might be a bit short, but with this price you really can't complain. You will revisit previously visited areas quite often to find new items and ways to progress.Soundtrack is pure gold!"
76561197970465123,Recommended,277890,14898715,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Billy13,"Shantae is really quite brilliant, and does have a passable widescreen mode. It's also the best arcade adventure I've played in about 30 years. Outstanding. The into-out-of screen mechanic works very well, the shop/power up mechanic is well realised, the art and characterisation are first class and the controls are sublime."
,Recommended,277890,14911115,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,blackshark64,"Score: 7/10Similar GamesMetroid, Castlevania, Donkey Kong CountrySummaryYou play as a half human half genie girl named Shantae. In the previous game you defeated Risky Boots so she is out for revenge. Risky steals an oil lamp which is an artifact of dark magic that requires three seals to open. You must get the three seals from the dungeons so Risky can't. Your main weapon starting off is your hair whip. You can puchase magic artifacts that let you cast various spells which use up your magic meter. You will also gain transformation abilities throughout the game which help you progress. You transfrom by belly dancing.PositiveTight controls. Good music and audio. The character designs are really unique. The magic abilities are fun to use. The addition of a magic mode in the steam director's cut addition which unlocks after you've beaten the game. The transfroms are a blast and the monkey looks funny as hell with its facial animation. Warp points for fast travel. A general good metroidvania feel.NegativeThere is no town warp point which gets very annoying quickly. You are forced to back track constantly throughout the entire game. The PC version is a simple port so it doesn't look any better then the original handheld version other then the magic mode. This means widescreen isn't an option without using stretch option. It's not always 100% clear what your supposed to be doing or how the game mechanics work together.ConclusionIt was a great handheld game back when it came out and being able to play it on PC without having to steal the rom is and emulate it is great. There aren't a ton of great metroidvania titles on steam so this is a must for people who love that genre. The game is somewhat short and never really fleshed out to the point I was hoping for, but hopefully the Half Genie Hero that got kickstarted will solve almost all these issues since it's meant to be widescreen and non pixel art.ValueIt's a great metroidvania title that can easily be worth it at a 50% sale of $5."
,Recommended,277890,14887592,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SteelGolem,"very polished snes/ps1-like metroidvania. the game isn't particularly long, nor is it particularly difficult. beatiful sprite and map graphics, and lots of frames of animation. grab it when it's on sale!"
76561198068919027,Recommended,277890,15056587,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,dana13424,"Shantae is a port of a handheld game, and it's still better then a lot of the games being put on steam lately. It plays well, has a wonderful soundtrack, and doesn't outstay its welcome. For the asking price, I have no complaints other than the default controls. they are terrible and the rebinding can be a pain. The game does support a gamepad, so you can opt for that if the keyboard gives you problems.For rebinding, I recommend going without the mouse, as it can't be rebound to something more useful. WASD for movement, space for jump, Q for dance, E for interaction, tab for magic. The remaining buttons can be whatever you want. Backdash, inventory, and attack will need to be rebound. You can rebind them to be used on your opposite hand (example, O for backdash, ""i"" for inventory, and U for attack. Anything that's comfortable. Also, since inventory pauses the screen, you can place it on ""i"" and have backdash and attack on the numpad).For left handed users, i'm not sure what to set it too."
76561198087186954,Recommended,277890,14144553,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SonicManiaLove,"Great music, good level design, and pretty cool story. I recommend buying this game if you have an extra $10 and you want a good game at that price range. Beware though, as great as this game is, the pc port is absolutely terrible. Crashes, bugs, black screens and other related atrocities that really mire this otherwise enjoyable little game. Despite these issues, I still recommend buying this game anyway just because of the amazing value that it is. Also, really ""interesting"" character designs and great graphics(by interesting, I mean sexy, but that's beside the point). Fantastic game, crappy port. Remember that."
,Recommended,277890,15331253,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Ring,"This is a really witty and entertaining platformer. It offers some challenge, but I don'tthink it's impossibly hard to beat if that's not your thing....#ShantaeForSmash"
,Recommended,277890,15001478,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,darien,"This game is worth your time if you like metroidvanias, but be warned: it's quite easy and very short. What content there is here is pretty fun; Shantae runs and jumps through some quite pretty environments and whips assorted weirdo monsters to death using her hair, all the while searching for secret rooms and powerups.The game is quite pretty, full of bright colours and fun animations. The sound is somewhat less sharp, though not objectionable, albeit the voice sample played when Shantae falls in a pit seems totally out of place. The dialogue is definitely weak, being liberally salted with fourth-wall-breaking ""we know we're in a video game"" lines and overdone pop culture jokes that it doesn't even bother to get right (not to be that guy, but kneeling by the cliff with the *white* crystal won't do a dang thing). Fortunately, the dialogue is also irrelevant, and can be entirely ignored in favour of getting back to the game. The one thing that DOES manage to be funny in this game is the names of the antagonists: Squid Baron, Ammo Baron, and Hypno Baron indeed. That's charmingly madcap.In terms of gameplay, Shantae is a tightly-constructed action platformer. The controls are precise and fluid, and none of the challenges ever come off seeming ""cheap."" There are quite a few different powerups for Shantae to collect, most of which are even useful. The one downside is that there isn't really much challenge here; a few tricky jumps now and then and that one room in the Hypno Baron's castle with all the skeletons in it, but other than that, clear sailing.Overall, definitely pick this one up if you like Metroidvanias, but be aware that it is easy and short; my first playthrough took less than five hours start to finish, and I wasn't exactly racing through."
,Recommended,277890,15041523,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Super Trump,"Play the first, play this, and wait in anger for the 3rd.Get a Gameboy Color Emulator. Download the old Shantae rom. Finish Shantae 1. Buy this. Finish this in both modes. Wait in sadness for the 3rd one.Thats life with the die-hard Shantae fans. And I AM ONE. Rock on Shantae!"
76561198142011295,Recommended,277890,30634306,Posted: 20 March,all,Zinico,"The game warents its price, and that's about it.Don't get me wrong, the game is good. It has some fun characters and the gameplay is agreeable and fun. But the whole experience feels like something is missing from... everything. It's a worth while play, just don't expect much mileage from it."
,Recommended,277890,19808948,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,makesound,"I never had a chance to play the original version of this game and I'm delighted it was brought to Steam. An all around excellent adventure game with great pixel visuals, solid gameplay, and whimsical storytelling. I've seen it compared to the Metroids and Castlevanias of the world but it's actually more akin to the Wonder Boy series for the Sega Master System/Genesis or Super Adventure Island II for the SNES. Like The Legend of Zelda on a sidescrolling plane. Not a terribly difficult game and can be beaten without dedicating too much time. It's just fun. Play it."
76561198090130754,Recommended,277890,19923008,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"I like platforming games, so i'll recommend this game"
76561198005915687,Recommended,277890,20275483,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Windrose,A very slick and enjoyable platforming game. Fluid controls and beautiful retro 2D graphics make the hair-whipping magic flaming antics makes for hours of fun.
76561198170403889,Recommended,277890,23529179,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Tiozão do Pavê,"Is ""Shantae"" the ultimate series of 2D action/platformer games? Maybe. Does it wipe away its competition in spectacular fashion? Well, it depends on the player's opinion (and, in my opinion, it certainly does so). Is Shantare: Risky's Revenge Director's one of the best games available for the PC? Definitely.Risky Boots is on the loose again and it's up to you - playing as Shantae - to solve everything! Shantae, the title character, is a half-genie girl with magical powers and lots of purple hair, which is whipped back and forth while you get rid of monsters, enemies and other hazards in a variety of environments. The player meets other characters (which are charismatic in their own right) and gets to know more details of the plot by advancing through the different stages, collecting itens and learning different abilities until the final showdown. The graphics are gorgeous, with incredibly-detailed, colorful environments, superbly-animated sprites and great character design. Sound is also excellent; the soundtrack is catchy and blends well with each area, and the sound effects are also great.But what stands out the most is the gameplay. The controls are superb, very intuitive, and the learning curve isn't steep at all. Once the player graps the basic concepts, Shantae: Risky's Revenge becomes a delightful experience. The characters learns how to morph into different animals in order to surpass certain obstacles and environmental hazards, and the player can also buy different magical itens and potions. There is no input lag whatsoever, and the game maintains a steady pace of 60 frames per second throughout the quest. The beautifully-designed levels may pose a serious challenge and will keep the player occupied for a while.""Superb action in an outstanding package"" certainly is a truthful statement, as Shantae Risky's Revenge offers just that (and much, much more)! It is a thrilling experience for a reasonable price, and you ought to pick it up whenever there is a special offer (like Steam's Summer Sale). It certainly is one of the best titles available on Steam. In fact, I could say it is one of the beat games I've ever played, if not the best. - 10/10"
,Recommended,277890,23702493,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kibblesnbacon,"From when I installed and began playing I wasn't immersed in nostalgia as I had never known the GBC game that started the series - but I didn't feel like I was missing anything either. Over far, far too soon. My only complaints are technical - that the character potraits are lacking in variety and that full-screen is less than functional. Minor gripes for an otherwise wonderful game. 9/10"
76561198016201558,Recommended,277890,23561499,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Joshera,"An excellent game, great gameplay, graphics, music, characters, story. Map is a little funky, otherwise no issues. A strong girly female character that doesn't fall into the normal pitfalls. Sad that there are only now making the fourth game."
76561198294558453,Recommended,277890,22768467,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Commissar Maverick,"More or less, this is the very game that I couldn't have lived without, and the one that convinced me to join Steam for good. I only regret not doing this earlier. But without any further ado, here is my review.Overview:Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut is a 2D action sidescrolling platformer set in the colorful world of Sequin Land, and with the playable protagonist taking form of a half-genie called Shantae.Gameplay: As expectedFairly basic with no big surprises, but with plenty of interesting twists. As Shantae, navigation is limited to basic walking and jumping. But as the story unfolds, ""jump pads"" are introduced, allowing Shantae to swap between planes. As cool as they are, however, they only amass in two distinct biomes (Scuttle Town and Tangled Forest), and absent everywhere else.Combat is not that much different from the more well known series of platformers, but instead of turtle-resistant shoes or some crude blunderbuss loaded with candy-colored bullets, Shantae's choice of weapon is her magic-enpowered ponytail used as a hard-hitting whip, and with plenty of baddies to hit it with.And for the baddies that just don't go down fast enough, a small slew of unearthly powers is available for those who have whipped enough scarecrows and smashed enough pots to scratch up the necessary funds. Though initially weak and tend to gnaw down on your ""magic meter"", a well aimed fireball or storm puff will solve most disputes. Lastly, they can be upgraded, albeit with hefty price tags and bought in tandem with ""magic jams"", which are scattered around the map in such a way that you won't be in full power until the near of the end of the game.And to put the icing on the cake, Shantae has the unique gimmick of shape-shifting into animals via belly-dancing, but they must be ""learned"" by approaching a magic fountain, which appear only in the few labyrinths scattered across the region. Not a whole lot of animal transformations to speak of, but the plot cannot be advanced without the agile monkey, the powerhouse elephant, and the obviously-useless-on-land mermaid.Plot: Not left wonderingNot a lot of plot to speak of, but there's plenty to go around. After neglecting an egg-sitting duty and witnessing the one and only Risky Boots stealing a ""worthless""magic lamp, Shantae is tasked with finding thethree magic sealsto ensure Risky doesn't do the same and to activate themagic lamp's hidden power.And nearing the game finale, Shantae is forced togive upthemagic sealstoransomheradoptive uncle.With themagic sealsused to activate thelamp,Risky Boots uses it tosteal Shantae's genie halfand turns it into anenbodiment of Shantae's genie half,and then commands it todestroy Shantae, who has been rendered a full human.Not surprisingly, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse follows the events of Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut.Graphics: BeautifulLike it or not, the pixel motif this game proudly displays is a nice little break from the ultra-high graphics today we crave.Demonstrating masterful 16-bit stylings and rich color wherever the map takes you, this game could very well disprove the dogma of polygons proving dominance over pixels.Sprite-wise, this game doesn't fall short, with fluid animation breathing life into the various baddies, NPCs, and of course, Shantae herself, who doesn't miss an opportunity to express her infinite happiness.Sound: ExcellentBeing only a notch behind the perfection of Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, the sound effects and the soundtrack are very much worth noting, especially if the graphics weren't the redeeming factor.Not much to say about the sound effects, but in all honesty I found the scratching sound made when Shantae enters a building/door more than irritating. Good thing that really is only a problem in theHypno Baron's Lair.The soundtrack, however, is most definitely worth mentioning, worthy enough in fact to just find a safe place to hold down the dance button, and to enjoy the careless waste of time. Not something I'd recommend doing, but the soundtrack really is that good.Conclusion (May include things I haven't mentioned)+ Gameplay is basic enough to pick up+ Plenty of baddies to dispatch+ Jump pads add to the map+ Cute and colorful characters+ Fun-sized map+ Fluid sprite-work+ Plenty of secrets to discover and reveal+ Soundtrack+ Interesting plot twist at end+ Achievements add in to the replay value+ Gimmick belly-dancing to transform into animals+ Final boss fight- Shop is limited, gems severely worsen in value when everything is upgraded- Fun-sized map, but after the first playthough it really shows its small size- Jump pads only appear in two biomes- Higher resolutions may slow things down more than expected- ""Alternate endings"" are just portraits- Enemy mermaids are frustrating to kill- Seeing the same character portraits over and over again is a little tiring- Elephant and mermaid forms useless outside of their intended use- Annoying Soundtrack (only kidding!)Excellent game, all in all. It may not have ultra-high HD graphics, or a map as large as Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, but it doesn't have to, and that's good enough."
76561198048295196,Recommended,277890,21080866,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Coral [BDay in 7 Days],"This game is AMAZING.Almost everything about this game made me happy to play it to the end.The mechanicsThe transformationThe bosses.The ONLY thing that I don't like about this game are some of the ENEMIES! The mermaids and flying sprites are STUPIDLY annoying!8.5/10, Would DEFINETLY play again"
76561198173829486,Recommended,277890,21057083,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,bobbobinson557,"I'd say this game is worth a play, but if you're not too interested you may want to get The Pirate's Curse instead. It's a bit of a wonky port. Fullscreen doesn't work and I had minor performance issues on my old laptop which was slightly better than the minimum system requirements. Though the latter is probably the fault of the laptop. My desktop runs it just fine, but with the same fullscreen issue.If you can deal with the game being windowed there shouldn't be further problems; nothing game-breaking. Pirate's Curse offers a better first impression of the Shantae series, if you're pickier about platformers."
,Recommended,277890,21044819,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Corn,too risky for this revenge 7/11
,Recommended,277890,20924844,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Dinamita,10/10Would back half genie hero
,Recommended,277890,20860544,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Axass,"Completed the game with ending A, I also got all the items afterwards, but didn't bother replaying the final boss to get ending B. I found Shantae to be highly overrated, it's a nice metroidvania-style game, but very limited in what it does and especially short; the combat system in particular is straight on garbage, with a single option for the main attack and only three, forgettable, options as far as side weapons go. The enemies are few and featuring too many recolours, the plot is lacking, the setting nothing phenomenal, but the transformations and graphics are charming, the map is one of the most confusing and convoluted I've ever seen, the warps are placed in a very inconvenient way, so you still have to backtrack a lot. The metroidvania formula though holds up well and the two main dungeons are pretty good, especially the second one, however the game doesn't really try to do anything new or to perfect what's already there: its shortcomings are apparent."
,Recommended,277890,21199326,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,arbor day,"The Shantae series (at least the second and third, I haven't played the Gameboy Color one) are pretty good platformers with some metroidvania elements.I wouldn't exactly call them metroidvania, as they aren't as open and ""where the hell do I go?"" as Metroid, Symphony of the Night, or Axiom Verge. They are, however, worth playing.You do gain powers that open up areas you couldn't reach before, but everything is still pretty linear as far as where you can go and what you can do.I do have a couple complaints. Opening the map is a chore, as you have to hit start to go into your inventory, then select the map and use it. But not with the use item button, with the ""confirm"" button. Use item is for using items outside of the menu, and why there isn't just a button that opens the map on its own, I don't know. Also, the confirm button really should be something I can remap, because it feels like it should be where the cancel button is, and vice versa.These problems are addressed in the sequel.Also on the controls, some of the things you have to do for some of the optional areas to reach power-ups feel like the controls are overly complicated, leading to you falling in pits a lot. I'm looking at you, Monkey Bullet areas. At least all of these that I have seen are in optional areas, and aren't something the game forces you to do.The optional power-ups in general, mainly extra hearts for your life meter, and Magic Jam (a rare currency used to upgrade spells and whatnot) aren't really something you need to actually hunt down, either. You can carry 9 potions, each healing you to full. Money isn't a problem so extending your life meter isn't ever something you feel needs to happen. Likewise, most of the spells aren't worth using 99.9% of the time.The second fireball spell is needed for some optional item hunting, but other than that I can't really see a use for most of them.The best part of the series, to me at least, is the writing. The characters are neat and interesting, and the main characters have interesting interactions that span both this game and its follow-up.I'd highly recommend this series if you enjoy games similar to this, and even if you don't, you should still at least get it while there is a sale. It's well worth it."
76561198034935991,Recommended,277890,21992099,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"Very good entry-level metroidvania, recommended for begginers.PROS:- Greatly animated sprites, the animation is very fluid.- Good level design- Great music and graphics, very colorful.- Charismatic characters- Fan service is okay, without excessCONS:- Sometimes stutters a bit- Short game, took me around 5 hours- Game world could be bigger8/10 , gonna play the sequel sometime soon."
,Recommended,277890,27527361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Samurai-Sloth,"A platformer that brings to mind the days of the gameboy advance. Challenges are solved by casting magic spells, shape shifting &, of course, platforming. It's well made & enjoyable, though I would say that the control scheme takes some getting used to if you're using a controller."
,Recommended,277890,28611042,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NarrackUK,"Shantae: Risky's Revenge feels a lot like a 90's Megadrive game (Genesis if your from the states), Looks like one to.Its not the best looking game and its streched out across the screen (if you choose full screen @ 1080P it's a small square in the middle so only ""streched"" fills the screen) but pixel count aside the art style is nice and also consistent.The most important part (the gameplay) is really solid and the controlls are good (with a controller haven't tried KB+mouse) so if your into platformers this is a solid choice. Though its not the most challenging of games as I've been able to 1 shot any boss / challenge that has been presented to me is still rather enjoyable.Worth your time I think."
,Recommended,277890,28328556,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Cyrus Nagisa,"I never got to play the Gameboy Color orignal, and I owned this on the DSi originaly.   When found out it was released on Steam I bought it and loved it, even though I had played it already.  This was a fun little game with lots of character.  If you like action platformers, this game is a good buy."
,Recommended,277890,28723640,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,☯Shanghai☯,"Everyone is gushing over Half-Genie Hero; and here I am, still needing to finish Pirate's curse.Rottytops is adorable though."
76561198076712683,Recommended,277890,29082777,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,A neat little side-scroller. The pixel art style of everything is really well done. Shantae the main character is funny and probably gonna be one of my favorite characters.
,Recommended,277890,28969426,Posted: 3 January,all,DrinkableTrees,"If you are a fan of many of the more popular Metroid-vania genre games, and you're seeking much more crisp and beautifully animated pixel art graphics, then Shantae: Risky's Revenge is a great game for you!The game centers a Half-Genie, Half-Human girl named Shantae who alongside her Uncle Mimic, is tasked with protection of the small village of Scuttle Town. Knowing this, you might as well ignore the plot of the previous, original Shantae title as acquiring it will cost you upwards $300 USD, unless you wish to hunt a valid emulator.The characters all presented to you are all lovable and memorable. The  antagonist is named Risky Boots. A terrorizing pirate after the 3 magic seals scattered around Sequin Land that activate a forgotten artifact. Unfortunately, there's been a serious lack of ""Risky"" in Risky's Revenge. Very serious lack.. In place of this, you get 3 other antagonists with more personality than the 2x4 board that is Risky Boots. Squid Baron, Ammo Baron and Hypno Baron.In the end, the gameplay is polished and dialogue is silly, fun and even fourth wall breaking at times! If you're into cartoony humor similar to what is decribed, you'll connect with the story very well in Risky's Revenge.Regardless of the lack of the antagonist Risky's presence throughout the game, she makes bold moves in the ending of Shantae: Risky's Revenge that, provided there are multiple endings, result in a dramatic twist that will last even through into the next game. This only hypes me and supposedly others to play right through Shantae: The Pirate's Curse as soon as possible.Definitly worth a playthrough, will enough admiration, you may also attempt to 100% the game in collectables, speedruns and multiple endings!"
,Recommended,277890,29009084,Posted: 4 January,all,Armadant,"A great platformer, decent game length, speedrun and alternate costume challenge modes. Great for the price, Great transition from the handheld. Use a controller."
,Recommended,277890,28890659,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fox McCloud,"It's a fun platformer but it didn't really make a good leap from console to PC. You ought to buy it on console instead, most likely the PS4 since the Wii U is going to be dropped / has been dropped depending on when you're reading this."
76561198029321347,Recommended,277890,29976549,Posted: 16 February,all,Doomstrike53,"I highly recommend Risky's Revenge, even more than the new Half Genie Hero personally (though not by much). I won't compare it to Pirates Curse because PC is hands down a much better game in every way, but if you've played through RR first and know the characters and inside jokes, it makes PC even better than it would otherwise be. My only complaint, as many have already said, is the hard to decipher map."
,Recommended,277890,30071399,Posted: 20 February,all,jerkstore,Great game. Probably my 3rd favorite in the series. It's a good mix of platforming and puzzle solving. I highly recommend Risky's Revenge as well as the others in the series.
76561198013618695,Recommended,277890,29513083,Posted: 26 January,all,Saga,"What an incredible game, old school platformer, kind of a mix between Megaman and Castlevania with a touch of unique humour. I never played this game on the original release and now I regret it.I just got all the achievements and I can say I had a blast getting them and some of them do require that you get good at it.- The pace is good (Depends on how much you explore).- The story is w/e, it does give you enough to understand, it is a sequel and they do mention some stuff from the first game, but you can still play this with no problem, the gem here its it's humour.- The gameplay way too fun, a nice platformer, good mechanics and balance on the character. It has some nice skills for use which opens new ways of battling and advancing. You can pretty much decide what you want to get and how difficult or fast do you want to make your playthrough.- The music it's great! Holds up to the humour too!- The length of the game may disuade some, some of the achievements requires you to end the game before 4 and 2 hours, My first playthrough was around 5 hours. The game has some replayability, also getting the achievements gives you a TON of play time. I think It could be larger, but its a very good game as it is.I recommend getting this game any time you want, if its on a 50% and you like old school games (SNES, GBA) then ""YOU SHOULD DEFENITLY GET THIS""."
,Recommended,277890,29405399,Posted: 21 January,all,Basilicious,"Game: Shantae: Risky's Revenge Director's CutGenre: Metroidvania PlatformerDeveloper: WayForwardSystem: Steam (PC)Total Score: 81/100Value Score: 8.1/10• Story: 8/10• Characters: 8/10• GamePlay: 9/10• Graphics: 8/10• Sound: 8/10• Music: 8/10• Length: 7/10• Replay Value: 7/10• Player Value: 8/10Pros+Metroidvania type of gameplay style+Multiple Endings based on how much you played the game and how much you unlocked+Different costumes with specific abilities (available only on the iOS port and Director's cut)+Warp system was re-made compared to the original version of the game+Great character and environment design+Good OSTCons-Graphic options are very bare bones-Map system very one dimensional and not that helpful-Must press Alt+Enter on keyboard to go full screen, not automatic"
,Recommended,277890,29462999,Posted: 24 January,all,Qelris,"Old and short, but great and enjoyable."
76561197982916059,Recommended,277890,29304251,Posted: 16 January,all,grammar,"Positive:+gameplay, good balance between jumping, puzzles and fighting+controls+animal  transformations, you need them to enter new areas+artdesign, characters and world looks beautiful+lively and charming world and characters+music is greatNeutral:-playtime, a bit short, not enough “dungeons”"
,Recommended,277890,35037986,Posted: 17 September,all,eLyZa,"Pretty fun game. I love the soundtrack ,the characters, and the gameplay. Only downside is the slow transformations. I have to wait 3 seconds just to switch to the last transformation. (Good thing that changed in half genie hero) Good pick up if your looking for a metroidvania type game."
76561198051264306,Recommended,277890,35244758,Posted: 27 September,all,TheHamBro,"A great game for anyone who is a fan of the 2D sidescroller/Metroidvania genre.  The good: Great art style. animations, humor, and of course, the music.  Just like any Shantae game, its colorful, full of charm, and the soundtrack is very catchy.  I did like the transitioning to background or foreground levels of the overworld.  Flaws: The map system was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to utilize.  For me, it may not have been so bad if there was a button to access the map quickly, but I didn't like having to access the item menu and select the map everytime I wanted to reference it.  The game was too short, it took me around 5 hours and some change to beat and get all items.  The labrynths felt lackluster in that they did not seem to vary from labrynth to labrynth as far as theme/aesthetics.  Some very minor complaints, but all in all, I very much enjoyed this game.  If you are a fan of the Shantae series, go ahead and pick this one up."
