user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198075846164,Recommended,278080,10102717,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Zealos,"About the Game:Includes Dynasty Warriors 8 along with the Xtreme Legends expansion and some free DLC.The DLC from the console version of the game has now been ported to on Steam. The total cost of the DLC is $190.80. I am not going to comment much about the DLC, as this is a review for the game, not the DLC. Yes, I think the price of the DLC is fairly high, but the DLC is optional and not needed to enjoy the game.I still think the game itself is worth getting without purchasing the DLC.How it Runs:Game runs great on highest settings at 1920 x 1080 resolution, I get 60 FPS no problem.Overall, I haven't had any issues with slowdown or framerate drops that I usually see on the console versions. The loading times are also pretty quick compared to the console versions as well without a solid state drive.Game Settings:Resolution: 1920 x 1080Texture Filter: HighQuality Settings: All HighVsync: 1Note: I had to set my resolution in the configuration instead of within the game.(See specs at bottom of page)Story:The story is based off the Romance of the Three Kingdoms historical novel, but since it is a video game they have fantasy elements and change some things to make it more exciting.The Story Mode has a bunch of cinematics before and after battles that help tell the story and they are alright for this type of game.Graphics:The graphics seem to be based on the PS3 version of the game, but they still look better than the PS3 version due to higher framerate, resolution, and I think they added a few things in the graphic options that make them look a bit better.Overall the graphics are average for a console port of a game, but the gameplay is the best part of the Dynasty Warriors series.Gameplay:Those who know the Dynasty Warriors series will be familar with the hack and slash gameplay. You can control a hero from a roster of 82 characters, each with their own individual design.The game is mostly about using weapon attack combos to defeat hundreds of enemies and other officers through battles in the game. There is a lot of flashy effects for the weapon attacks and special musou attacks which make the game more exciting.You can obtain new weapons to equip your warriors with and each warrior can use two weapons and switch between them in battle. You also can level up each warrior to level 150.There are story missions for the three major kingdoms (Wei, Wu, Shu), and the Jin and Lubu forces. As well as a Free Mode to replay story and other battles, a Challenge mode that has arcade type battles, and Ambition mode where you can upgrade a camp and conquer territories.Conclusion:I purchased the game because I am a fan of the Dynasty Warriors series and I don't own a PS3 or PS4, so I can't get Xtreme Legends unless I pay $50 for this on Steam or go out and buy a PS3 or PS4 and pay $60 for the PS4 version or $70+ for the PS3 bundle.The graphics seem fine to me, they aren't amazing, but they aren't bad either. I played the Xbox 360 version of DW8 and they seem to be a bit better, but the graphics aren't as important as gameplay with the series.Online multiplayer would've been a good bonus feature, but I don't think its a mandatory feature for the series. I have never played online in the past titles, I usually play solo or split screen. If you need to have online multiplayer then pick up the PS4 version instead.The game has been running great and I haven't had any technical issues yet.Only complaints:- DLC is now avaiable, but the price is a bit high (though the DLC is optional and not needed to enjoy the game)- Would be nice to see controller buttons instead of keyboard buttons when using a controller.- Depending on controller may need to remap your controls.Overall it is a good game if you are Dynasty Warriors fan or someone who likes hack and slash games. It is cheaper to buy the PC version (North America - USD) than the console version as well which is a plus. Should be glad they brought Dynasty Warriors 8 game to Steam!Update 1:There seems to be some people having issues with the game crashing, freezing, not starting up, etc. I haven't encountered any of these issues yet, game has been running perfect on my machine. However, I would check out the forums for more information about known technical issues if you think you may have a problem.Update 2:It seems many people are upset with the high DLC prices. These prices are very similar to the console versions, so its not just a PC thing. I do think the prices are too high, but the DLC is completely optional and not needed to enjoy the game. I would suggest waiting for a sale and only picking up some of the better DLCs (Weapon Packs / Stage Packs).Note: I would recommend using a controller when playing this game.Computer Specs:GPU: Geforce GTX 760CPU: Intel i5-3570K 3.40GHZMemory: 8.00 GB RAMResolution: 1920 x 1080, 60HzOS: Windows 7PSU: Corsair 750W"
,Recommended,278080,32710593,Posted: 23 June,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,"majority of the negative reviews are from people who dont have controller and are to lazy to remap the controlsit takes 5 minutes to remap and theres one too many buttons for the mouseoveral gameplay 10/10 reminds me of when i was 7 playing dynasty warriors 4, i havent experienced any bugs unlike one piece, also you get to set the characters weapons to whatever you want thats awesomePORT WARRIORS OROCHI 2 AND 3"
,Recommended,278080,10104959,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,㋡ Hugal~,I Pursued Lu Bu and died 10/10Would pursue again
,Recommended,278080,10104011,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Dougie,"Chinese genocide simulator. But be warned, may contain many deaths to Lu Bu.Only gripe so far is the lack of online multiplayer, but, if you want to play a game you know and love, you can look past this."
,Recommended,278080,10105575,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cap'n mouse,"Only a quick review on launch day with a couple hours played. It is a good port in pc performance and game play, but there are a couple problems first no multiplayer, hopefully the devs will respond to the backlash on this soon rather then just ignoring it, and the texture quality is pretty poor, to the point where cut scenes were laughable, but in battle its mostly unnoticeable thanks to the flashy effects.Overall I'd recommend waiting for a sale or a price drop especially if you already own it on another system.If they add in online co-op then it will totally be worth full price!"
76561198044729090,Recommended,278080,12719140,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Brochnar,"Where do I begin? I played some Dynasty Warriors game as a child on my playstation that I have pretty much no recollection of other then being confused. I see all the hype about hyrule warriors and get an itch, I see this game on steam and it has pretty good reviews, so I buy it, then suddenly almost 100 hours later into the game and I'm not done with it, what the heck it's fantastic. It's pure and simple dynasty warriors with an outrageous amount of content. If you have no love at all for the series or this type of game you won't have much fun, but for anyone looking and unsure of curious I implore you to get this game you will not be disapointed by the amount of content at the very least."
,Not Recommended,278080,12765736,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Comrade,"A ""Complete Edition"" Shouldn't have 200 dollars of DLC. I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198052917162,Recommended,278080,32736286,Posted: 24 June,all,Jon Snowboot,"People complaining about controls are ignorant. The only weird thing is that B(Circle) is confirm and A(Cross) Is back. Easy fix is to simply switch these two buttons and everything is cheeky. Only ""Problem"" is that B(Circle) is now used to jump but it isn't much of a bother. Im using a regular PS4 controller but I also tested input mapper and it worked just the same.TL:DR Controls are easily changes, definitely a great buy at $15 for some good ol hack and slash chinese drama"
,Recommended,278080,20036776,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Yureina,"I got this game on a whim because I once played this series like... a decade ago. DW3/4 to be specific. And even though I know full well that this sort of game is basically meant for consoles, I managed to play it just fine once I adjusted the key bindings to stuff that worked well for me. Anyway... game.If, like me, you have played these games before, you pretty much know what you are in for. If you have never played any of these games, I'm not quite sure what else is quite like it. Basically it's a fighting game, except it is on large battlefield maps where you murder thousands of random and a handful of named NPC's while following objectives in order to complete each level. If that sounds repetitive... well it can certainly be that. It's the ultimate hack and slash-fest game, and if you get bored with murdering insane numbers of enemies, then chances are this game is not for you.The game is based upon the Three Kingdoms era of Ancient China (184-280, roughly), and, despite the absurd outfits and personalities of many of the characters in the game, it is actually fairly consistent with what is known about the period. Or rather, it is consistent with the famous novel 'Romance of the Three Kingdoms' by Luo Guanzhong, which is basically a work of historical fiction that takes real events and bends them a bit according to the whims and views of the author. Which, of course, means that certain characters (particularly Shu-Han characters like Xuande/Liu Bei) are depicted as noble honorable sorts fighting for justice while others (like Mengde/Cao Cao) are depicted as villanous and driven by ambition. I don't want to dig too deep into this because there most likely are entire books written about how Luo Guanzhong messed around with the characters, but the depictions he made are pretty much what are found in this and all previous DW games. The nice thing though is that if you read between the lines (or maybe it's just because I am very familiar with the source material this game is based off of), you can see the flaws in the author's bias in the game as well. Namely that Liu Bei was a massive hypocrite every bit as ambitious as his rivals, and that Cao Cao, while not exactly the nicest guy around, wasn't the hellspawn other characters (like Liu Bei) called him.Anyway, the game follows the story decently well, though some creative license and trimming down obviously has happened. I still liked how the game depicted things most of the time. Perhaps my favorite was Lu Bu's campaign which, while maintaining the massive ""OMG ITS LU BU"" hype that all DW games have had, reveals exactly why the real Lu Bu got himself executed in chapter 19 of a 120 chapter book: that he was dumb as a brick, betrayed people constantly, and never listened to anyone's advice. While the old DW games I played did have storylines for him, they didn't take the historical route that this game's (default) story path takes. The same goes for the numerous character deaths shown, though many of these are made more dramatic than they actually were.Also, while the playable character cast has increased to the point of total insanity (including some that may not have even existed or actually fought on battlefields), I did like that, in the time between DW4 and this, they added a number of characters that rounded out the cast further by including some of the other lesser-known strategists (Chen Gong, Lu Su) and characters who rose to prominence in the later parts of the story (Deng Ai, the sons of Guan Yu/Zhang Fei, as well as the entire Jin faction who were the ultimate winners of this whole mess). I thought that was a nice treat since these sorts had been badly neglected in past games, where everything seemed to stop at the year 234 (when Kongming/Zhuge Liang died), which was roughly the chronological halfway point of the entire story.Ok, I better stop and just finish this up.In short, It's a DW game. That means that on the one hand, the combat gets repetitive, many of the characters are very hard to take seriously, and many of the story events are overdramatized to the point of being kind of ridiculous. On the other hand, there is a MASSIVE amount of content (and all those DLC's for this ""Complete Edition"" are purely cosmetic), big battles are kind of fun, and one can even argue that the storyline's inherent cheesiness may actually be more a positive than a negative.If you have never played one of these games before, this is the one i'd look at because (to my knowledge) it's the newest one and has an insane amount of content even compared to its predecessors. If you have played these and liked them before... why not? If you didn't like these games however, then most likely this will do nothing to change your opinion.For all it's goofiness and repetition, DW is still entertaining enough for me to waste sizeable amounts of time with it. Hooray and stuff."
,Not Recommended,278080,10117464,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,"Update:*Still no Narrator between missions.*Still extremely limited number of units allowed on screen, negatively impacting gameplay.*Over $100 worth of DLC for the so called ""Complete Edition""*Online Multiplayer? What's that?*Non-Playable character models still crappy, makes some cutscenes unwatchably bad.*Textures still largely low quality, giving game a very dated look.Koei is likely to see negative reviews like this and think:""PC gamers just don't want Dynasty Warriors""To which I say:""Dear Koei; I wouldn't have bought it in the first place if I didn't want Dynasty Warriors on PC, you made top seller on your first day, but this is a terrible port and you people have a history of crappy ports and generally suck at supporting your games.""So that said, like many of Koei's other ports this game just falls short of all of the potential of the PC. It has no online multiplayer, inconsistent and often low texture quality on environments and especially on non-playable characters even during cutscenes, a unit limit far lower than what most PC's can handle, and no narration between missions (seriously how hard would that have been?). Some have also reported game crashing bugs, but I haven't encountered any.On the positive character textures and models for playable characters tend to be pretty good, and there are a ton of characters to play and a wide variety of weapons to choose from, as well as several modes of play. Voice acting remains hilarious which I believe is intentional.However the lack of narration between missions really hurts immersion in the story and feels uncanny and painfully silent after the fully voice acted cutscenes and battle speeches. Poor textures and extremely limited number of units allowed on screen also both serve to make the game feel unpolished on the PC.The lack of online multiplayer also really hurts the experience. Dynasty Warriors has tremendous potential here, and it's potential that is being entirely wasted.Koei has traditionally assumed that PC gamers just hate Dynasty Warriors, failing to understand that what PC gamers actually hate are broken glitchy terrible ports. Past PC ports such as Dynasty Warriors 6 Xtreme Legends were so broken that stores pulled them off the shelves, and received pretty much no support whatsoever.Hopefully this game making top seller on Steam will show Koei that the market is there for games like Dynasty Warriors and their previous assumptions were fundamentally irrational non sequiturs. Here's hoping for better ports in the future..."
76561197993745882,Recommended,278080,10103086,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cowbell Hero,"Runs real smooth, showing great promise so far with an absolutely massive amount of content...HOWEVER""multiplayer"" seem to be local co-op only, that is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and should be clearly mentioned as for most of us that means no multiplayer support at all, and it's very missleading. Here I was hoping to finally have something to co-op play with a firend of my and this♥♥♥♥♥♥happens.Edit: Loading a game crashes it, as some people have mentioned, bleh.Edit 2: Thats splitscreen, not Lan/hamachi. Hope that helps.Edit 3: I see they have changed it now, but theres no Lan play, only split screen. No there hasn't been a patch or anything."
,Recommended,278080,17146489,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Poroner,"I've been a die hard fan of Dynasty warriors since I was 4 years old (lol), that's when I played the first hack and slash dynasty warriors game. Despite that I'll still give a subjective review of the game.I loved it because you could just be a soldier in a battlefield, something I always wanted. The games have changed a ""little"" since then. Some for better some for the worse.Anyway lets startPros:You can be a COMPLETE BADASS4 different modes with a lot of contentA huge selection of musicOption for Japanese / English dubYOU CAN BE A COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS?!Full controller support (and the game is best played that way)A huge selection of different characters, each with their own unique weapon and movesetCons:False advertisingOverpriced DLCSmall selection of resolutionsIt's not that challenging (at least for me)Can get a bit tad repetitiveDetailed version:The game is based on the novel the romance of the three kingdoms, which is based on the historical time period of china that the three kingdoms occured with a bit more fiction involved and a few characters that didn't exist but it includes all the major fights and events.You are just a badass soldier in a battlefield, with godlike powers that can kick everyones♥♥♥♥♥ Until Lu Bu comes along and kicks your♥♥♥♥♥. Over70 charactersif I recall correctly and each has their own unique weapon and moveset. There is simply no way you won't find someone you like.There are campaigns for every one of the three kingdoms. + The jin kingdom and a Lu Bu campaign. If you don't know who Lu Bu is shame on you.Each campaign has the ""true"" path and what would have happened if (insert kingdom) had won (insert battle) plus a few extra stages that cover some other battles.It also includes a free mode in which you can select whichever character you like, play whatever battle you desire siding with whatever army you feel like.Also a challenge mode with a few other ""mini games"" per say which challenge you to beat a highscore and then there's the ambition mode. Which is a much more grindy empires version of the game. You select your character, build your own empire, fight and recruit officers etc.Xbox controllers work just fine, I personally use PS3 with motionjoy, it works perfect, I don't get why some other people have problems with their controllers.Did I mention the huge selection of badass music?HOWEVERThis is not a bad port but it is NOT a good one either. While it runs on 60 fps with no problems and everything on high and it looks ""OK"", the game is being falsely advertised. The pictures in the previews are from the PS4 version while the port was from the PS3 version, it says that it has online coop but it is nowhere to be found. Only splitscreen.A lot of resolutions are missing, I mean how can you get THAT wrong.Don't get me started on the DLC. Overpriced garbage. Only 2 of them are worth it, the stages DLC but even those still cost way too much.And finally a gripe I've had with these games since DW6. They are just a little bit too easy. You would expect at least enemy officers to fight normally but no they don't. They are but dolls for you to test your awesome movesets. High difficulties will make them hit a bit more but nothing crazy. It will mostly up their health. Dynasty warriors Strikeforce for the PsP has fixed this problem but another company makes that game. Since they are revamping dynasty warriors 9 I hope this problem will be fixed.Final verdict:For die hard fans of the series this is a must buy. For people who like hack and slash wait for a sale (50% off is more than ok) and buy it. You will have tons of fun but if you are not a fan of Hack n Slash this game is not going to change your mind about them.E: The new review system is god awful."
76561198024147616,Recommended,278080,10720652,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Killbot,"persued Lu Bu as Lu Bu, with Lu Bu as my body guard. 10/10 would Lu Bu again"
76561198026221093,Recommended,278080,13550774,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,FireBrand,"100 hours of content if you want to do every stage.  More if you want to upgrade weapons and play on harder difficulties.  I consider it gamings ultimate stress reliever and headache cure, a game that is quite enjoyable and will never frustrate you.  I will be playing this for years in between intense games to simply relax.Loads of eye candy for both men and women as well."
76561198077669455,Recommended,278080,13411776,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Walking Contradiction,"-sigh- Where do I begin?Well, I gotta start by saying, if you're looking to get into the Warriors/Musou games, this would be the ideal title to start with. Easily the best title in the series (at least since DW5).For those new to the series, Dynasty Warriors (a.k.a. Shin Sangoku Musō) is, basically, a hack-n'-slash based on era of the Three Kingdoms of China, and the romanticized novel of the same name. In its stages, there are thousands of enemies of various calibers to mow down. You got your peons that go down in a few hits, your commanders that are a little tougher, your generic named officers that are a threat, and other playable characters that have the same abilities you do. You have a more-or-less equal amount of allies on your side, and how they fight is determined by your side's overall morale, which itself is determined by your performace. Each character has their own string of combinations, but I'll get into that in the next paragraph.Being a combination of the base Dynasty Warriors 8 and the Xtreme Legends expansion, this game is chock-full of content. There is a wide variety in the 82 characters available to play, each with their own set of weapons, combos, 2 signature attacks, 3 Musou attacks and 1 devestating Rage attack. Levels are capped at 150. Over 220 stages (300 if you purchase the DLC) accross 60 different maps you get to play through Story and Free Mode. There are six factions, each having two Story Modes, the first of which branches into two different paths, the Historical and Hypothetical route. So that right there can take about 100 hours to complete. If that's not enough, you unlock additional stages to play in Free Mode as you play through each faction's Story Modes. Also, a wide selection of mounts and companion animals (several types and unique variants of horses, elephants, tigers, pandas, bears, attack birds, wolves, and Tenko from Toukiden).And then there's Ambtion Mode... the beef of the game. There are actually two parts to it, elongating this already-lengthy experience. It is a much less linear game mode. The first part invloves amassing enough materials in battle to build a town to please the Emperor, all while recruiting every single named officer in the game (There are 816, including the 82 playable characters). Developing your town leads to many advantages, notably the ability to customize weapons, either to put on a flashy lightshow, decimate crowds in seconds, or even one-shot even the toughest of opponents. Another important function is the return of bodyguards, who can protect you, go off on their own assault, defend important position, and use their own special skills (fire attacks, emergency support etc etc) on your command. You may select three out of the 816 (that includes the playable characters) to be your bodyguards in between battle. The second phase of Ambiton Mode involves conquering territory. Long-time fans will immediately liken Ambition mode to a very watered down version of the Empires spin-offs. If you like this game but grow weary of just hackin'n'slashin', look forward to that as well, since DW8: Empires is coming out Q1 2015.On with the story. Divided into five factions (the sixth one is really just what-if scenarios for unaffiliated characters), you get to witness the conflicts that took place during the eras of the later Han and of the Three Kingdoms from Wei, Wu, Shu, Jin, and Lu Bu's perspectives (It covers battles from about 184 to 264 AD). That era in particular is very mesmerizing as it is, but Koei went the extra mile and added a hypothetical (""What-if this happened instead"") route to explore the possibilities of how things could have been different as a result of YOUR actions. For example, Cao Cao suffered a infamous defeat at Red Cliff/Chibi. Saving the right people might just change that. I was very pleased with this.I have had my fair share of misgivings with some of the historical inaccuracies, bias towards Shu, and defamation of other factions (particularly Cao Cao) that have been a thing in earlier titles (you can thank the writer of the novel for this). I am happy to say that this is no longer the case by DW8. Each faction has been made likeable, with their own motives for doing what they do.Now, some people like to thrash the series for being a ""mindless repetitive button-masher."" I am one of those people that refute that claim. Most people who say that haven't played beyond ""Normal"" difficulty. Bumping it up to Hard from the get-go makes for a far more interesting experience, as you must then find the most effecive means of dealing with various situation. What playstyle works best with this character? What works best on crowds? How do you prevent your morale from plumetting since you can't just ""mash button square to win"" anymore? What works best against an officer on steroids? Ambtion Mode (notably the subjugations) have you make use of your three bodyguards to guard important positions that could easily fall since the morale bar is pretty irrelevant in that mode. Yeah. A lot deeper than just a ""mindless button-masher"".Dub fans will enjoy a pretty solid cast of voice actors, and for those who prefer the good ol' consistent Japanese voice track, it is available as Free DLC.Also, the music is just the bomb. Not only is this game's soundtrack solid by its own right, but fans of the older games might notice some of the music from the previous games are in this game as well. The hypothetical routes of each story mode feature music from DW2-DW6, and included as free DLC are old BGM packs for DW3-DW7.The PC version is the only one to not suffer from any slow-down whatsover. Though your framerate may drop depending on your rig, lag is virtually non-existent.Of course, it has its fair share of cons, as well. The gameplay can grow repetitive if you're not invested in the small details enough or its story. That and Ambition Mode can get a liiiitle too grindy. Though, it's still a great way to blow off some steam. The naming can be a little deceiving for new-comers to the series (the game does NOT include the DLC available for purchase), and the DLC itself is rather pricey. Admittedly, this is a pretty niche title, for a niche audience. But all-in-all, if you can get past that, Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition makes for a solid gaming experience."
76561198116664055,Recommended,278080,32820943,Posted: 26 June,all,Tengunami X,"Lets be honest, this game's success is largely due to a fan base that simply loves hack and slash games, or simply Warrior-styled hack and slash. For that matter, hack and slash is a somewhat rinse and repeat genre, so I wasn't expecting anything that suggested otherwise. Personally, I find it generally satisfying hearing your hero make a reference to being the greatest warrior in the Three Kingdoms (1000 K.O.s). It's a good game, and probably one of their better installments; however, I really wish the game had steam cloud. At one point, I reformatted my computer, and lost the data. Fortunately, I only played through like 3 battles of the Shu campaign, so it wasn't a big deal. In fact, I pretty much finished it up, and backed up all of my data ever since.Another thing: expect some exploits that make the game easier. Remember the days when playing on the hardest difficulty meant dying to like almost anything? In this game, not so much, because there's a few exploits. We already know musou's your trump card, but weapon switching is like your ace in the hole. It provides you with invulnerablility on use, which is pretty OP, considering I managed to sweep through the hardest difficulty using this and the musou exploits. In fact, sometimes, your weapon switch ability can provide you with crazy weird mobility (Guan Xing's literally makes him dive all over the place like a land dolphin, and I think it's much faster than going by horse. I don't remember the requirements to do it, but I think you may need to max out your weapon mastery or something).Visually, it could use some improvements; granted, it was made for the 360, PS3, XB1, and PS4 as well, so it would not surprise me if they didn't care enough to enhance the graphics for the XB1 and PS4. On the plus side, this also means that the game plays really smoothly. On my PC, it's probably the best DW experience I've had, but on PS3 and 360, I remember it was somewhat laggy and load times were pretty annoying. Load times are still a thing on the PC, but I honestly think it's far more tolerable than the game's console counterpart.Anyway, I went into this game expecting what I would of any game from the series: a repetitious beat 'em up that retells the events of The Romance of the Three Kingdoms with some accuracy and inaccuracy. I will say this though: It's still an improvement on DW6 (**** the renbu system), and builds on DW7's system of improvements.Personally, I wouldn't buy the game at its full value. I never thought any game in the DW series was worth its full release value of $50-$60, so I generally draw the line at $30. When I got it, it was $25, but I played through it in its entirety. I honestly didn't care much for the Xtreme Legends portion of the game; however, I will say it's nice that they bundled it together for a change. In fact, this is the only time I ever got Xtreme Legends.Ultimately, if you like the DW series, then I don't think you'll be disappointed; on the other hand, I wouldn't go into this game expecting something overwhelmingly unique compared to its predecessors. Fortunately, we may get that experience in DW9. I heard DW9's going to be open world, so it may be the DW that branches away from the game's history of repetition, or it could be really bad. Time will tell..."
76561198081606259,Recommended,278080,16518278,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Rena,CAN ANYBODY PROVIDE ME WITH A DECENT CHALLENGE?!
,Recommended,278080,12678385,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Nisa Moriyama,I pursued Lu Bu and did not die.I want my reward.
76561198020214837,Recommended,278080,12756395,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tahm.,"This game does not get enough credit.Pros- Great music (Just that alone is worth it)- Fun button masher- Tons to do- Best Dynasty Warriors since 3 (Mhm)- Strange sense of nostalgia for long term fansCons- Overpriced DLC- Can get quite boring and repetitive- Stories end way before I would have liked them to- Controls alright, but clearly made for a controller- Any weapons but EX weapons are pretty useless (unless I'm just bad.)Overall 7/10. I would recommend this game for long term fans or people who are curious and willing to get into the series, or just want to try an overall badass game."
,Recommended,278080,28011264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WikiaWizard,"Dynasty Warriors Re-imaginedHi everyone. This is myfirst reviewso please bear with me. Thanks!So a little background. To get it out of the way yes, I am a fan of the Warriors series games. I have been for around 10 years with Dynasty Warriors 3 as the first of the series I played on the original Xbox. This is quite a lengthy review (and it doesn’t even cover everything about the game) so there is a section titled “Final Thoughts” which summaries my review for you as well as my own final opinion. Now onto the game itself.For the newcomers to the series Dynasty Warriors is a series of Hack-n-slash action games which draws its story and ideas from the historical novel set “Romance of the Three Kingdoms” believed to have been written by Luo Guanzhong. The series of books tell the story of the epic struggle between three great warlords and their followers. The game is set after the fall of the Han Dynasty and through the Three Kingdoms era of ancient Chinese history from 169AD to the eventual reunification of the land in 280AD.Now for those who know about the game most of you will probably know what you are getting with this. It’s the standard Dynasty Warriors hack-n-slash formula many of us have grown to love about the series but now ported to the PC. I’ve made headings below to structure my review and to help you decide on whether this is worth purchasing.Characters and levelling upWith the Xtreme Legends edition there is a large roster of over 80 playable characters in the game to choose from each with their own unique move sets. Each character now can level up with experience which can be gained by defeating enemies in battles as well as collecting EXP scrolls dropped by generals. There is a much stronger sense of progression in this game than previous entries with more moves and musou bars becoming unlocked at higher levels. As to the individual characters themselves many retain their distinctive animated personalities from the previous entries to the series and the chemistry between the old and new officers is a welcome addition.Story mode, Free Mode and Hypothetical RoutesStory Mode follows the history of the different warring kingdoms of the era. With the previous game it works very much like Dynasty Warriors 4 where each kingdom has their own story rather than following individual characters. The main kingdoms are those of Wei, Wu and Shu as well as Jin introduced in Dynasty Warriors 7. In Xtreme Legends there is also the Lu Bu Story Mode and the return of an “Other” kingdom Story Mode.Story Mode now follows a linear system following the events in chronological order with some stages offering branching paths depending on whether certain requirements and events were completed. This can simply be that an officer will appear later on which they otherwise would historically not have appeared in or even unlock a hypothetical timeline for that kingdom where you can rewrite history. All conditions for unlocking this route are secret until they are completed or until the campaign is completed. There is also a separate timeline that plays out as a series of “What If?” scenarios which take place at various turning points in history during the Three Kingdoms era.Free Mode has returned allowing players to choose any map from the Story to play with any officer they want. Players also have the choice of which difficulty, bodyguards and animals they wish to have as well as various other settings. Of particular note the AI has also been significantly improved so that players who help their allies increase their army's morale and can help turn the tide of battles in their favour whilst those who ignore their allies will be punished and are more likely to lose allies as well as allied morale.Ambition ModeAmbition Mode is a new twist on the previous Conquest and Legend Modes offered in the previous game. Here you are in charge of building up a settlement from simple foundations into a thriving city fit enough to attract the Emperor enough for them to visit and invite them to join your cause. There are various missions which are short and aimed at acquiring material, fame or recruit allies to increase the size of your city. Famous officers can also be fought and recruited to join you as bodyguards to take into battles offering support in addition to forming bonds with your playable officer outside of combat.There are numerous buildings which can be built which feature weapons and item shops, farms, a barracks to send soldiers out to other provinces to return with materials and other rewards. The blacksmith in particular allows the player to buy better weapons with increased blacksmith rank as well as the facility to create custom weapons using 40 different weapon attributes with use of the tempering system similar to the Warriors Orochi series. Weapons can be tempered (combining attributes of two weapons into one) or reforged (combining 3 different weapons to create a new randomised weapon).Weapons and skills systemThe weapons system is very similar to Dynasty Warriors 7 but gender restrictions have been removed and players can no longer change weapons during battle. Two weapons can be equipped at a time and each character has an EX weapon which are the signature weapon of that character. These weapons have extended special moves when equipped with them e.g. Zhao Yun and his Dragon Spear. There is also the new addition of the new affinity system where each weapon has either an affinity of Heaven, Earth or Man. This works like rock, paper, scissors whereby each affinity is superior to one and inferior to another. This is all explained in-game during the optional “Tutorial” section of Story Mode with one Tutorial stage for each of the 4 kingdoms/factions.The not-so-good pointsAs I have posted at the start of the review this was one of the first PC ports of the Dynasty Warriors game for the PC. One of the issues many players have mentioned is the downgrade in the graphics. Although being a vast improvement over previous games they have been locked at a lower resolution and quality similar to those offered to the previous generation of consoles rather than the current gen. There is also a lack of online multiplayer support unlike the console versions which can be a deal-breaker for some. However the game does have split-screen multiplayer available.Another issue raised by many players is the controller support in the game. Keys displayed in-game remain as those for the keyboard controls rather than changing to controller buttons when a controller is used. This can be confusing but I personally found it manageable once I had re-binded the keys for the controller.Final thoughtsDYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition is a brilliant addition to the Dynasty Warriors games with lots of new features for fans to enjoy whilst still maintaining the revered hack-n-slash nature of the previous instalments. This is a must-buy for long-time fans of the series on the PC if they are able to look past the locked graphics and controller hiccups.For new players I also think this is a great first game to join now with the inclusion of the comprehensive tutorials and hints for almost all the new concepts to ease players into the game. I thought the new Ambition Mode and the return of Free Mode extends the replay value immensely and has even gotten me to nominate this game for the “Just 5 More Minutes” award (seeing as I spent a few nights up still playing this game and creating my own weapons!). However those looking for a game requiring lots of strategy, accurate history telling, immersive storylines or role-playing mechanic there are likely to be more suitable titles elsewhere.Thank you very much for your attention! I hope you enjoy your day and have fun!"
76561198004585529,Recommended,278080,10107519,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,LkFeaR,Ran through a map killing every single person without reading the objective and then failed 10/10
,Recommended,278080,17673301,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"I haven't played much Dynasty Warriors in a long time so I wouldn't know every issue/complaint about this game but I can assure you this game is very good even though Koei Tecmo usually makes bad PC ports for their games so I'll try my best to explain the game. (The game has partial controller support but I've witnessed no other issues with this game so far)Starting off I would have to say the battles are amazing even though it gets repetitive but with the variety of chracters both male & female you can choose whatever you want (For beginner's choice if you've never played Dynasty Warriors I would suggest Lu Bu since he's the easiest to level up & the most powerful character in the game). Most modern videogames usually have limited time to make campaigns but for this game each character you fight with has over 8 hours to complete depending on the difficulty. The voice acting is cheesy but it's mostly decent, the music in this game is awesome with all the guitar shredding & there are so many weapons to collect in the game it's ridiculous. (It's hard to choose a favorite character because they're all amazing in combat & I can't think of anything else to say that's good about the game since it's hard to describe everything even though I played over 40 hours of this game)The only bad things I have to say about the game is the amount of DLC there is (I would just get the free DLC that lets you have the option to get the Japanese voice actors & that's it since cosmetics are pointless even though this game is a ""Complete Edition""), the controller buttons are kind of odd since the B button is the action button while the A button is a the back button (small pet peeve I have but I got used to it since this game does lack controller support sadly), there is no online multiplayer so your stuck with either local multiplayer (I wouldn't recommend it on PC because it's a mess to set up local multiplayer) or single player & overall I would suggest getting this game on sale if you really want to try the game out.If I missed anything feel free to leave feedback since I would obviously miss something in a big game like this."
76561198025026864,Recommended,278080,10107615,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,VictorX,"THE GOOD:+ Good ol' Dynasty Warriors: the music, the elaborate costuming, the Three Kingdoms setting+ Cheesy campy dialogue+ Non-stop gratuitous action+ Smooth and intuitive combat+ Tons of options in weapon choice, officer choice, weapon modifiers, and equippable skills+ 5 Main Campaigns and many dozens of officers provide too much replay experienceTHE BAD:- No online multiplayer, must split-screen with friends- Good ol' repetitive hack n slashFINAL VERDICT: Awesome Yet Predictable Dynasty Warriors Experience"
76561198050390371,Recommended,278080,29212792,Posted: 12 January,all,#ricegumisabitch,"This game imo is the best DW since DW4. Idk why recently it has been given a ton of negative reviews, makes no sense. People complaing about the controller settings is odd, b/c theres a something called the ""settings config"" lol. Anyways the game is really well made. Mechanics/gameplay are fluid, you get that enjoyment of just slicing through a cluster of enemies and air combos/juggling. There are tons of characters to choose from and you can customize each characters' attributes, which is cool so that way you're not stuck with what the game gave you, you're in control. IMO I recommend this game to be played on normal difficulty or lower b/c it's not a game meant for challenge. To progress on harder difficulties would take a while and wouldn't be that satisfying, you mainly want the story. There's a lot to the story and it's really well told; the various ways the story can be told adds up and makes the game really really long lol which is a good thing, more gameplay. Soundtrack is amazing too.Have i encoutered some glitches or crashes? = no. The only glitch i encountered (which happened once) was that i had to do a escort mission and the guy wouldn't follow. All i had to do was restart the mission, no big deal.Only cons i have to say is: visuals/graphics are good but could be better, there are sometimes some weird shadow dysfunction. Jap is a dlc, idk y it wasn't just included in the game. And some of the death scenes imo are pretty weak and cheesy.Yes like people said in the negative reviews, the game has odd bindings, but they're DEFAULT. You can change them. For me i didn't use a controller I used my keyboard. I set it up as if i was typing a paper. ""WASD"" was walk ofc. Like how other games used the function ""lean left and right"" for keys ""Q & E"" i used those for turn camera ""left and right"". fighting was keys ""J K L"" and ""shift"" was block, ""space"" jump ofc. You can use the same or bind to whatever keys/buttons you're comfortable with. But even if the keys didn't fit your style, doesn't mean the game is bad. Funny how the people who gave it bad reviews only played it for about 0.2 hours lol they didn't even try."
,Recommended,278080,12628254,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Jive Soul Bone,"Look upon my hours spent on this game, ye mighty, and despair.I'm not saying you too will be spending over 280 hours killing hordes of Chinese peons upon buying the latest version ofDynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends, but there is something innately satisfying to the series. If all you have is a PC and you haven't played any games from the franchise since Warriors Orochi, then you owe it to yourself to shell out for this version. Especially if there's a steam sale or some such.Dynasty Warriors 8 is uncomplicated yet deep, with a huge cast of characters just waiting to be experimented upon, each character with their own unique gimmick/playstyle. This really needs to be stressed: Omega Force, the developer of the series, has done a bang-up job establishing exclusive weapon mechanics for each of its 82 characters that will keep you engrossed in finding out how to best maximize your slaying prowess. They're introduced 3 at a time at the beginning of each stage in Story Mode and even their higher functions are unlocked through leveling, so you're never intimidated by having everything thrown to you at once.At least, not in Story Mode. Outside of Story Mode are scores of extraneous game mechanics which ultimately add nothing to the game, forcing new enthusiasts to run to any of the (honestly quite excellent) player submitted FAQS for help. The weapon system in particular needs to go, where a character's fighting style will be based on the weapon rather than the character. So if Lu Bu is equipped with Guan Yu's crescent spear, he'll start fighting like Guan Yu. Meaning you can have Lu Bu jump around like a little girl by equipping him with, say, Daqiao's magical sticks. My point is that giving every character the choice of every weapon allows cheesing and actually takes away from the uniqueness of the characters. The focus of the game shouldn't be on inanimate objects anyways.Then there are game modes which will confuse potential players with poorly thought out goals, such as Ambition Mode. The levels are grindy, repetitive and mostly there for the gems and materials needed for upgrading your weapons or artificially leveling your characters. All the money you'll gain playing Story Mode will be spent on the faculties you've built in Ambition Mode, but you have to play Ambition Mode to get the materials that upgrade these faculties into something useful.Tied to that is my huge disappointment stemming from my experiences playing ye olde Dynasty Warriors 3 on the PS2 in that for a game mode based upon the stated goal of reunifying China, there is little to no strategy involved at all! Ambition Mode introduces Bodyguards, friendly generals whom you can order around the map and change the course of a battle with their special abilities. In practice however, their influence on the battlefield remains minimal. So Ambition Mode becomes randomly generated stages where you unify China under a single Emperor by killing every Chinese general personally and thus bringing them forth to your cause. Bodyguards are a great idea on paper but suffers from no one on the development team having any faith behind it, leading to another extraneous and useless game mechanic.Free Mode is Story Mode but with added goals. Optional goals. And you can play with the Bodyguards unlike in Story Mode. But it's the same goddamn thing. Offers literally nothing that couldn't be added to Story Mode. Like I said: lots of useless clutter in this game.I (most probably) won't be buying a Wii U but it'll be interesting to see just how Hyrule Warriors compares to the Dynasty Warriors franchise. I remain optimistic in promoting DW8XL, though: as useless as the new options are, Hyrule Warriors doesn't seem to offer any new options themselves. And for all the mistakes that Omega Force have made, they have managed to create 82 characters each with their own engaging fighting style. And that is an achievement in itself."
76561198072167415,Recommended,278080,12767078,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,jinjunda0244,"Since I've just known that there is going to be another DW8 game (Empire) coming to steam next year Janurary, I think some of you may want to know this: some ex-weapons used by certain characters - most pretty bad**s - are going to be replaced by DLC weapons. You might want to take this into consideration when choosing between the two games.DW is a game I highly recommend as a ""casual"" game. The good thing is its easy learning curve. Unlike other action games like DMC, you can learn the control and tactics rather quickly. On the other hand, ""musou"" series are often accused of being lawn mowing and key-bashing games that will make you bored. It's a personal matter depending on what kind of ACT fan you are. KOEI is trying to increase difficulty by adding challenges and annoying archers/wierd high-tech weapon into the game, but the point still stands. I personally am completely comfortable with the difficulty setting now, since KOEI has a challenge mode in the game that takes time to master (with rare drop reward). If you think this is too easy, either buy a mission DLC or switch to some other games -- almost every musou game might be relatively easy in the perspective of hardcore ACT players.What's new? I think this game is better optimized than its DW7 counterparts, so it has better performance on PC (unlike the previous game, DW8 does not have that ""invisible soldier"" glitch that makes your life miserable). It adds new characters and assign each of them an UNIQUE weapon, which is also better than DW6 and DW7. Most characters get less weird costumes. The weapon looting system is less time consuming compared with its previous counterparts and other looting games, since you can always utilize the blacksmith. It adds a rage gauge and a Rock-Paper-Scissor attribute system. The most important plot breakthrough is the introduction of a hypothetical mode, which generally integrates DW5, DW6 and DW7 stories into one game. Also, in story mode, you can now choose from several characters for each battle instead of the mandatory one.That said, the story telling of DW8 is not as good as its previous games. I know KOEI hired a professional director last time, but the problem mainly comes from the hype route system. (I'll save spoilers here) Generally you have the option to save certain important generals in some historical event, where they are supposed to die. However, even if you fail, they die only after battle, so there are less heroic, tragic and epic death moments in the game. Still, the Wei and Lu Bu campaigns are well-organized and have some of the best developed characters.PS1: If you are new to the game and now facing the massive population of ancient Chinese generals/beauties, don't expect them to be that balanced. It's now a co-op and do have some dudes that are hard to master. Some of them are clearly OP, and the most OP one is a little pretty lady instead of the mighty Lu Bu or Guan Yu. This game is good for giving you a variety of options.PS2: Some people might find the game a little insulting due to how easily a large number of soldiers get killed, and some might be insulted by certain actions of some characters. I'm personally fine, but anyway.PS3: It's highly recommended to wait for a discount. KOEI is not known for lowering price easily and it charges every DLC for a considerable amount of bucks. I only recommend the mission DLCs since they add lots of challenge to the original game. Other additional contents are likely to appear in the DW9 anyway."
,Recommended,278080,22745452,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,•҉Rey Jefe Mallate,Step 1:  Get invited to a friends wedding in China.Step 2:  Download DW8XL.Step 3:  Play all story modes from each character/family.Step 4:  Dazzle guests at wedding with your intricate knowledge of The Romance of The Three Kingdoms.10/10 Would wield Guan Yu's Green Dragon again.
,Not Recommended,278080,30367249,Posted: 6 March,all,Thresh Blackpaw,"How does a ""complete edition"" have $190.80 worth of DLC?"
,Recommended,278080,12287007,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,DaJuan Energy McDaniel,"I absolutely, 100% recommend this game. Be warned, however, this game is NOT for everyone.A lot of people call this ""mindless hack and slash gameplay"". They're really not correct in this judgement, and are, in fact, being pretty ignorant towards the series.First and foremost, let's address the combat. I believe there are 83 characters in this game. Each character can carry two weapons. For the first weapon, you ALWAYS want to have their 'Ex' weapon equipped. This is the weapon they perform the best with, and gives you access to special attacks, called 'musous'. With these weapons, you will have better attack power, better combos, better everything. So with one of these weapons per character, it in turn translates to 83 UNIQUE MOVESETS IN HE GAME. Of course, you can equip any weapon you'd like as your second weapon, so go crazy!Weapons also come in many different forms. I believe there are 6 different ranks of weapon, measured in stars or dots. This determines both the rarity of the weapon and how powerful they are. 6th tier weapons were added in Xtreme Legends; before this edition you could only go up to 5th level weapons. There are a ton of weapons in this game, so if you like weapons, this game's got it. Additionally, each weapon has 1 of 3 'affinities'; heaven, earth, or man. This is basically a rock, paper, scissors type deal. You want to have a weapon equipped that is strong or equal against the opposing officer's. That's why you have two different weapons; both having a different affinity so you'll NEVER be at a disadvantage.Like I said before, there are a lot of unique movesets and warriors in the game. This keeps the combat fresh, with all the combos you'll be able to pull of and special attacks to try out. On the harder difficulties, you CANNOT just mash buttons and hope to survive. This is why I absolutely hate when people call this game a ""button masher"". There is legitimate strategy and skill to this game once you put enough time to access the hgher difficulty tiers.The actual gameplay revolves around a battlefield each time. Think of it sort of as a third-person real-time combat strategy game. There are different strongholds or forts scattered across the map. If you defeat the officer inside of that fort, you'll capture it, and your soldiers will spawn there. This is how you gain more troops to overcome the opposing army you're fighting. Then, you have more powerful officers of the opposing army you have to take down, and various other objectives to complete. These all happen in real-time, so pay attention to your map in order to know what your current objective is.There's also a ton of content in this game. There's your basic story mode which has SIX different storylines to play. Each storyline additionally has extra, ""What-if"" scenario stages that really add to the replayability of the game. That's not all, though! There's free mode, which let's you play as any character in any story. Mostly used for levelling up, still nice.Then there's ambition mode. This is completely new to Dynasty Warriors and is really quite huge. You're goal is to rebuild this little town. You fight consecutive battles without dying, and the further you get, the more rewards you're given. You colelct materials to level up the town and the various buildings in it, and weapons to level up your warrior and suit him up for battle. It's really unique and I highly recommend giving it a try.After that, there's challenge mode. You use stock characters to complete various arcade-style challenges. A fun way to test your skill.So, given all this content, it will honestly last you a couple hundred hours if you plan to 100% it. And no, none of what I said included ANY DLC. That is COMPLETELY OPTIONAL and not needed. I know the base game is still expensive, so I wanted to make sure I addressed this. I still do not have any of the DLC and this game is still wonderful and amazing. I really hope more people give this game a shot and enter the wonderful world of Dynasty Warriors."
,Recommended,278080,26738860,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Carnyzzle,killing 5000 enemies is a great way to reduce your stress
76561198173709026,Recommended,278080,19048607,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,hide on bush,CAN ANYBODY PROVIDE ME WITH A DECENT CHALLENGE?
76561198126011421,Recommended,278080,30336023,Posted: 5 March,all,SomeFilthyCasual,"Roses are RedViolets are BlueAt Hu Lao gateDO NOT PURSUE LU BUGr8 game, Lu Bu/10"
,Recommended,278080,12571546,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jt,"It's Dynasty Warriors. It's got all kinds of modes that are all Dynasty Warriors. It's got more playable characters than I've ever heard of in a game, all with unique move sets and nearly all with unique weapons.If you've never played Dynasty Warriors, here's how it works: You are a massive badass, and you run around the battlefields of Three Kingdoms era China obliterating everything. Depending on your character and weapon you have different abilities, move reach, and combos, but basically you run around decimating entire armies of enemies. This is all reasonably easy unless you've cranked up the difficulty, but really it isn't about skill; it's about efficiency and killcount. KIllcount is astronomically high, often passing 2000 in one level.Basically don't get this game if you want something technical or cereberal. Get this game if your life feels difficult and you want to do something easy but satisfying.[As an aside, this claims to be the complete edition, but there is a lot of DLC available that isn't included. Those of us who played this on console expected that DLC to be included with the Complete Addition, but it isn't. That said, if you can get the DLC on sale some of it adds levels and weapons/movesets, which can extend replay value]"
,Recommended,278080,10201588,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,spoon,NEED JAPANESE VOICE PACK
,Recommended,278080,23763632,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Neo,"How toinfinitelyenjoy this gameThis should probably be listed as a guide, but this is the reason why I bought this game on PC. Because doing what I am about to list on my PS3 caused it freeze some times due to overwhelming Rage.Before I list the steps to ""infinitely"" enjoying this game, you will need a few things.First, a small list of skills that you need to level up (preferably max out):1- Victory Cry. This skill will cause more power-ups to drop. (most Important skill)2- Mighty Roar. Increases damage against officers.3- Attack Boost. Extra damage.4- Rage Springs. Makes filling the Rage gauge much easier.5- Quick Learner. Get more EXP. (Optional)Note: You can change skills mid level/combat/stage.OptionalSecond, Ma Chao's ultimate six-star weapon (Radiant Flash Spear) as a secondary weapon.Note: I find it much easier to cleave through infantry using this weapon while on horse back and easier to defeat enemy officers with a counter by using Rage Mode (while on horse back as well).A mount of your choice (I prefer Red Hare).Finally, to unlock the Yellow Turben Conflict in free mode (play it once in story mode under Other).Note: For some reason, this stage infinitely spawns soldiers in the area between the ramp and the eastern garrison.Now, steps to enjoy infinitely enjoy this game:1- Choose the stage Yellow Turben Conflict.2- Side with the Yellow Turbans3- Equip an officer of your choice with the skills and weapon mentioned before along with a primary weapon of your choice.4- Begin the stage, select a track of your choice.5- Mount your horse and make your way through the stage and clear all the objectives as fast as you can.6- After defeating Cao Cao's and Liu Bei's forces, rush and make your way to the ""Eastern Garrison"" and stay between the garrison and the ramp.7- Fill up your Rage Gauge (either with a Musou Attack or EX Attacks) and start yourInfinite True Rage Run.8- Keep an eye out for the Musou +1 power-ups as you defeat soldiers and keep picking them up as you go.9- Make sure you dont run out of time. If the timer shows 5 minutes left, complete the stage.Rinse and repeat.Basically, I abuse this stage to max out levels on all officers.Some of the best officers I have found for this are:- Zhao Yun.- Zhou Yu.- Zhu Ran- Huang Zhong.- Gan Ning.- Huang Gai (with Beach Boys - Surfin Usa playing in the background).- Zhuge Liang (warning: unless you are epileptic).I AM DEAD SERIOUS ABOUT THIS GUY.10/10 Would rage again."
76561198026700243,Recommended,278080,28301816,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,haozertree,"I still remember playing Dynasty Warriors 2 on the Playstation, or was it PS2?  Anyhow, the basic mechanics is still the same, the basic key characters from the 3 kindoms are there.  They added lots of new characters, more modes, and tons of other contents.  If you like spending hours building up characters, killing thousands of dumb AIs every 10 minutes, or otherwise wasting time doing similar tasks over and over again in an ancient Chinese kindoms setting, this is the game for you.  Oddly enough, this is exactly what many gamers want including myself."
,Recommended,278080,10105198,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Alan,Can anybody provide me with a decent challenge?
,Not Recommended,278080,16526721,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Skyfx,"The game is good, but it still dont have proper support for gamepad/360 controller, despite it is a console game...The layout shows what pc buttons to press when you still have a 360 controller enabled/connected. This gets a problem when you are trying to learn combo moves and it only shows pc buttons...It also have the GFX from the ps3 version, and not the ps4 version, and they use ps4 GFX in the steam pictures.Would recommend skipping this sloppy port, taking pc gamers for granted."
76561197969749884,Recommended,278080,33737575,Posted: 22 July,all,Sarkoth,"Dynasty Warriors 8XLCE is pretty much the epitome of a Musou game. It is extremely repetitive, because all you do is killing thousands of enemies which have zero chance against you for several hundred hours on end with several dozen characters, over a hundred weapon styles and on quite oftenly repeating maps. And I personally wouldn't have it any other way. The repetitive gameplay aside (and that's what the entire genre is about in the first place) Dynasty Warriors 8 contains so much content that it can be considered the largest Musou game ever developed so far, even before any DLCs are taken into account. I personally wouldn't consider it to be the best game to start to get knowing the Musou genre due to its sheer mountain of content and different game modes though, as it quite possibly could overwhelm new players. The entire menu design, combat and win conditions for maps are all engineered towards players who have completed half a dozen if not more Musou games, so I can imagine playing this without having played Japanese games before or any other genre titles before could simply confuse new players. There is an entry bar to liking the entire genre in the first place though, so I don't consider that design choice to be a bad thing.Visually DW8XLCE does a good job, the port is solid for the most part, but again, just like most Koei Tecmo games, it's imperative to have a controller at hand as there is no mouse support for the menus and the keyboard layout is dysfunctional at best. In my several hundred hours of playtime I didn't encounter any noteworthy bugs or glitches, framerates were stable. The only downside is controllers having to be mapped manually, but it is only done once and doesn't take longer than 5 minutes if one uses one of the steam guides for the standard console button layout as reference. Just swap A and B and you're gold.Even although I more than recommend DW8XLCE, it should be made known that this is a niche genre with a very particular fanbase which comes down to that fact that the repetitive gameplay and murdering hundreds of thousands of enemies throughout just a single playthrough of one of the many modes does not agree with everyone, as the enemies have zero to little variety except for enemy captains which in turn use a set of weapon styles which are akin to the ones the player may freely choose from.Personally I'm a fan of the Warring States period of ancient China and all characters having retained their original Chinese names, but large parts of the Western audience might not be able to make anything of those, let alone keep the names of several dozen player characters and several hundred NPCs apart. Doesn't make it any less fun though."
,Recommended,278080,17178046,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dikami,"Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete EditionYou might wonder why a complete edition game has a separate available dlcs and are sold at crazy price. Long story short, it is a single product of normal DW8 + DW8XL, which in ps3 are 2 different products with different story combined into one. It's a good thing if you ask me since—you don't have to buy both of them like the previous dynasty warrior games normally do—to fully enjoy the experience of slaughtering thousand of peons in the name of benevolence while following romance of the three kingdoms story.""Ok I get it. So what's so good about the game itself?""Tl;dr?A fun game to learn history, based on a famous chinese historical novel ""Romance of The Three Kingdoms"" and at the same time a good stress reliever while you're mashing and alternating between normal attack and charged attack to try different combos with over 80 characters to try, each with different weapons, movesets, traits. Most of them, if not all, were real figures from the three kingdoms history.""More details. I need to know what I'm getting myself into.""Rather than explaining the game, I would like to compare the game to the previous dynasty warrior series since explaining about the dynasty warrior itself will take forever. Don't worry, you'll get it even if you haven't played the previous games.Like I said before, this is the combination of DW8 (base) + DW8XL (expansion), hence complete edition. It is the first in the franchise to combine both since in the previous games, the base game only has a historical story mode while xtreme legend expansion adds an alternate story mode but still playable without base, and you have to buy both to get the full experience between history and hypothetical story. Well you get the point.Like the previous games, DW4 and DW7. Rather than every characters, DW8XLCE focussing the story on each kingdom. This is probably a major change since DW6 and could be proven to be efficient, at least for me, as you don't have to play every characters in the game with most of them having a same battle (ex : both Gan Ning and Ling Tong have Battle of He Fei in their storyline). And if you really insist to play every possible characters in the same battle, you can do it in free mode. Each battle in each kingdom story has a notable characters in that battlefield which you must pick, each have different and important role/objective. Furthermore, all of playable officers in that battlefield still get experience and level up. This is great and saves a lot of time if you want to try or level up every characters because you don't have to start as weak as level 1 and can take on a higher difficulty.Thanks to xtreme legend expansion, each kingdom's storyline has a historical route and additional hypotethical route. A historical route is, pretty much self-explanatory, a route where you follow the story based on a real historical event of three kingdoms. There's not much you can do in here. Even when you're able to beat or already defeated every dudes in the map, if the victory condition tells you to surrender/retreat, so be it.Whereas the hypotethical route is basically what-if scenario. What if x didn't die on y battlefield? What if x didn't get injured? What if they win at z battlefield thanks to x plan? You have a certain conditions in certain battlefields to fulfill in order make those what-ifs come true, hence opening up a hypotethical route. And I tell you all of them are epic.Next is weapon system. Okay so other characters level should be decent thanks to auto-leveling at story mode, so what about their weapons? It would be sucks to play on hard with sufficient level but still using a starting weapon, right? Well don't worry, because every non-playable officers you have killed in the battle will drop a random weapon. And since it's random, if you have played enough you will obtain new additional weapons for every characters. The higher the difficulty or the later the stage, the better the weapon of course.Aditionally, every characters can use every weapons (or rather, movesets) in the game regardless of fighting style. In extreme case, a mighty Lu Bu can use Xiao Qiao's fan and becomes very feminine as carried like a princess. Vice versa. Well puting that aside, it makes your life easier if you don't have a decent weapon for a character and too poor to make/buy one so instead you decided to use a stronger weapon of other's character, though you can't use their ex attacks.There are a lot of things too which I failed to include in this review like ambition mode, bodyguard and their skills, ex attacks, weapon affinity and storm rush. Well just play and experience it yourself."
,Not Recommended,278080,16783836,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Hans Brotmeister,"ATTENTION:I do not think that this is a bad game. In fact, the time I have played it I had quite a lot of fun. The PC version however has jarring technical issues that make me unable to recommend it to anybody.- The default controller buttons are extremely counter-intuitive and make no sense whatsoever, but if you are unlucky your gamepad might not even work.- The game does not give any button prompts for controllers. There is a fan-made patch but that does not work for me.- It is not unlikely that the vibration feature will not work for you.This game was made with gamepads in mind and it does not have the most basic controller support. It is also not like it had mouse and keyboard support to make up for it. I guess you can play it with keyboard only but who would be willing to do that?- It is called ""Complete Edition"" but does not come with any DLC. Luckily there are nearly 200€/$ or DLC available for you to buy. How is that supposed to be ""complete""?It is absolutely not a bad game in itself but why the PC version was released in such a state is completely beyond me. This is very disappointing.The console version probably works fine. If you can grab that one instead.More reviewshere"
76561197994926259,Recommended,278080,16788640,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gatchaman97,"This is the first Dynasty Warriors game I've ever played. I am now a fan. The english voice acting is campy, but that adds to the enjoyment of the experience for me."
76561197992114519,Recommended,278080,29712882,Posted: 5 February,all,rlewis,A button-mashing fest in the vein of its predecessors.  Ambition mode lacks anything in the way of strategy or planning for success but still adds gameplay value of some degree.
,Not Recommended,278080,13134573,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Keohane,"I cannot recommend Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition. Despite being a fan of the series and the game itself, this version of the game is ported with no polish and several critical bugs. Should you ever minimize the game for any reason, it will pause the game and pull up a menu. However, if you're already in a different menu, it was jumble the two menues together and you will be unable to control your game, forcing a restart. The controls are not adjusted for keyboard and mouse, and require you to use a controller or very awkward keyboard settings. The graphics of this game are worse than many games in 2000. Some of the models are very low poly, and other textures are very low res even with a good system. All in all, many things could have been done better.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go back to playing now, after I restart my crashed game."
,Recommended,278080,12517134,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dejavu,It's good and really deep if you want to explore what you can do with the weapons customization and movesets from each character... In fact it was deep enough for me to write a guide on it.Shameless Self Promotion:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=319075861Well. My opinion may be a little bias at this point.Also the soundtrack is awesome.
76561197993679220,Recommended,278080,22991166,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Thor's Throbbing Hammer,"By now you should know what a Dynasty Warriors game is.The game has a ridiculous amount of crazy characters.  You kill about a thousand people in each map.It's a repetive grind, but very addicting.  Crafting new weapons consumed way too much of my time.A great game to play while you're on an exercise bike.Hack and slash.  That is all."
,Recommended,278080,25153819,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Bean Regime,"Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends is my favorite Dynasty Warriors game since Dynasty Warriors 4 on the PS2. The game has an absurd amount of content for us Warriors fans, from the large cast of characters to the combat system. It also has the Ambition mode, where you try to conquer and unite the nation.The story mode is much the same as usual. The major story doesn’t change for each faction, as, well, it’s based on history. However, the game has hypothetical routes in each of the game’s stories. It’s a genius way to refresh the game’s story while staying true to the history. It added a much needed boost to the original story mode. I don’t recall if this was in any of the more recent previous versions, but then again, Dynasty Warriors 7 was forgettable. I hardly remember a thing about it.The ambition mode gives you a taste of Dynasty Warriors: Empires. It’s essentially a simpler version of the same mode. I enjoyed it. I hesitate to say such. The mode was such a grind, and I’ve gotten to the point where I simply stopped playing through it because it takes so long with so little payoff. In this mode you can upgrade and fuse weapons to give them customizations that suit you perfectly. While a good idea in theory, I find that the lack of customizability on the 5-star and 6-star weapons renders it much less exciting than it should be. It would take a significant amount of effort to have the upgraded weapons surpass the 6-star special weapons, and all that means is much more grinding. There’s other items you can unlock which require just as much grinding throughout the mode. Seriously, it’s ridiculous. Bonding with other officers was interesting, but the appeal wore off after about the 9th officer.Challenge mode? Eh. I never understood the appeal. I believe I beat two before I was bored out of my mind and never touched those modes again.This is the first Warriors game where I felt as if every character was unique. Before, you’d get a few officers with the same move set, and that was damn disappointing. I didn’t see such in this game, and the ex-attacks contributed further to it. I won’t say they’re all likeable (freaking Han Dang), but they’re different.In regards to the game’s flaws, the most obvious is the lack of create-a-character. It’s in Empires, of course, but not here. As it is in every iteration of the game, the fan-service is a bit annoying. Lastly, despite the game’s mediocre graphics, the game ran with a weird issue. Many times when I would strike, I’d teleport backwards ever so slightly as if knocked back. I’ve watched videos of other people playing, and it did not exist for them. I fiddled with a few settings, and did bing searches, both to no avail. It wasn’t too bothersome for warriors like Lu Bu, but the characters with shorter ranges (ex: Cao Cao), it was completely and utterly annoying to attack twice and the teleporting pushing me back enough to where my target was out of my range.Overall, a wonderful addition to the series. I loved it. Daqiao was a monster. Best character in the game."
,Recommended,278080,31603307,Posted: 7 May,all,Little Wizard,"Played Dynasty Warriors 4 when I was 5 years old (Or 3, if you played the Japanese version like me), brings back the old times. 5/5"
,Recommended,278080,13576835,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,永远蹲着的男,Ever needed a game where you can annihilate an entire legion by just changing weapons? Now you can!
76561198017460531,Not Recommended,278080,13057417,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,"Shalom, Buenos Dias","""complete Edition"" lol, theres nothing 'COMPLETE', bunch of dlcs, bunch of stuff exclusive to consoles, whats so 'complete' about it?"
76561198076415233,Recommended,278080,29708026,Posted: 4 February,all,LuminousHerald,"I'll keep it simple, you know what you're getting into here. It hack and slash gameplay at it's finest. If like me you love feeling like a god mowing down thousands of grunts, then this is the game for you. As for the gameplay, it can seem a bit complicated at first, with so many damn charachters and weapon types. But each has a specific strength, (you can take 2 weapons and switch between the two mid battle) and once you find the combo of weapons that fits your style, the combat become even more fluid and fun.Good visuals and audio.TL;DR Must buy, but I'd wait for the next Steam sale to pick it up.Rating: 10/10TIP: Install the Japanese voice option (free under DLC), makes the cutscenes & game itself way more epic, and voices some of the parts that have no voiceover in english, like the story explanations and map sequences. Of course, its fully subbed in english."
,Recommended,278080,32896408,Posted: 27 June,all,PompousDoughnut,Controller is definitely needed to enjoy this game. Controller support isn't as good as it should be but once you go into the settings and adjust some of the button mapping it plays great. This is considered to be one of the best dynasty warriors games in the franchise and from what I have played so far it has been great.The combat is great. It's the same good old dynasty warriors combat but with a new counter system where you can switch weapons mid combat to counter-attack an enemy that has a weapon that is strong against yours. The weapons have a rock paper scissors kinda countering system that encourages you to switch weapons multiple times during a battle. The new musou bar and the rage bar combined are a great addition because you can have 2 different special attacks that you can use depending on the situation.This game is really making me look forward to what they do with dynasty warriors 9!!!
76561198095320410,Recommended,278080,29202566,Posted: 12 January,all,Janiya,"Have been playing the Dynasty Warriors series games since Dynasty Warriors 4. Awesome games which never disappoint. The game has changed a bit with this one (as they often do) which has brought with it some interesting new pros and cons.Pros:-More gameplay = more bang for your buck. I’ve been playing this game for 33 hours now and I’m only 2% finished.-A Lu Bu campaign and a Jin campaign, giving interesting new storylines-Ability for any character to use any weapon, so no more having to play characters with annoying weaponsCons:-Ability for any character to use any weapon, because once you get superpowered weapons it almost makes every character instantly superpowered.All in all, I am enjoying this game throughly =D"
,Recommended,278080,24337348,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"""I AM A TRUE WARRIOR OF THE THREE KINGDOMS!"" - Old DW 1000 K.O. QuoteCao Cao = Best Historical Figure with Zhang Liao, Xiahou Dun and Yu Jin close behind.Best Dynasty Warriors game story-wise without a doubt. A massive roster of 80+ unique characters with their own personalites too. Best Dynasty Warriors game on the market at the moment.I'm still waiting for the Dynasty Warriors 9 announcement. They're revamping the whole system I've heard. I hope it's badass and with a way better engine and graphics."
,Recommended,278080,28241486,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Obeast,The one and only reason why I'm interested in the history of China
,Not Recommended,278080,11371409,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ECarminan,"One of those cases where the PC version is the worst, primarily due to the lack of online multiplayer where the console versions does. Unless for some reason you don't seem to care about a cut feature please buy one of the console versions.Now don't get me wrong, I rather enjoy this game, even more than the last because of how much more in-battle features there are, like the weapon triangle for example. It's a shame that its first PC addition has to have cut features."
,Recommended,278080,11063715,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Wizard,"I've been playing Koei games since Nobunaga's Ambition on the NES. It's safe to say I'm a biased fan. Since I've long given up console play and use mostly Steam, I haven't played a Dynasty Warriors since PS2. It was great to see DW8XLC come to Steam.Pretty much by now we know what to expect out of Dynasty Warriors... button mashing, stupid enemies, melodrama, and over-the-top action. You either like it or you don't. And I do.The frantic action, the larger than life heros, the Three Kingdoms lore... it's great.Packed with content, this is a good first Steam release for KOEI. I would love to see something from the Empires series next."
,Recommended,278080,11119443,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Love the series, so obviously I'm recommending this game.Lots of ridiculously awesome over-the-top-action in this game. 2 swings with a blade could kill a whole division. It's just crazy.The officers are always overpowered like this.Apart from being some superhuman that swats armies like flies, you also have to manage the battlefield, fighting certain enemies, keeping your own people alive or capturing certain areas. And the outcome can change a bit of the story.There's also an ambition mode, where you can take over the realm for yourself, and an arena mode to test out your skills against officers.Unfortunately, there's not multiplayer.Price is a bit steep, even if I'm all fanboi to buy it at full price, you might want to wait until it's 50% off."
,Not Recommended,278080,10140456,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,*Winchester*,"How can you call the game "" Complete edition"" if it has so many problems!Fall FPS,buggy movements of the characters, textures worse than version for consoles,the lack of multiplayer, this is the height of failure, but on the store page, it is present! all this in 2014......just ridiculous!Very disappointed in KOEI they need or to correct errors or to pay damages to the players for lost money,broken hopes and empty promises!!!"
,Recommended,278080,10581612,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,♕ One Heck of a Bastard ♕,"Chinese Genocide Simulator 8 brings a whole lot of amazing nostalgic content to the plate. Koei has added many new generals to the unique officer list, each with their own unique weapon and personality.When you play this game it feels as if a history lesson got drunk and went on a shooting rampage, complete with LSD and bath salts, in a good way. Nothing is more satisfying than killing 50 chinese soldiers with the flick of your wrist and altering chinese history on the hypothetical path so that the WEI MASTER RACE REIGNS SUPREME.The staggering amount of story and off-story content is amazing. I found that the ambition mode is surprisingly addictive and trying to get all of the bonus objectives for each mission is a great challenge that takes a lot of time to complete.10/10 would buy empires dlc.Pro Tip: Lu Bu does not like hugs"
,Recommended,278080,25518350,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Jimmy,"This games ♥♥♥♥ing fun, but don't go into it thinking it will be difficult. Its one of those games where you pretty much mindlessly mash 2 buttons the whole game, that said its very fun to mash those buttons. The story in dynasty warriors is nothing special, and can be cheesy as hell at times, but it all adds to the charm of the game. If your looking for a game to sit back, relax, and kill a couple thousand goons, then this might be the game for you. If your looking for a game with challenge, a deep story, and photo realistic graphics, keep moving this isn't it."
,Recommended,278080,22232428,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cosmic Being,This game is ridiculously fun even after almost 300 hrs of playing. Might be expensive but still incredible value for money. It  gives you the feeling of playing in a old Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan movie and basically beat up 1000s of opponents at the same time. Never gets old...
,Recommended,278080,10137200,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Wayfarer in White,"OH MY GOD,IT'S LU BU!!!RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!"
,Recommended,278080,29812321,Posted: 9 February,all,.:Jammer:.,"everything is great as others said about this game. the downside is that, the dlc is rediculously expensive. maybe do a whole dlc package for 20 usd?"
,Recommended,278080,10615916,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sinistar,"My teachers told me I could be anything I wanted, so now I am Lu Bu. I've been the one pursuing. Life is perfect."
76561198030285568,Recommended,278080,29567539,Posted: 29 January,all,Bryan,"Everything that Dynasty Warriors has ever been. If you have loved previous versions you will love this version as everything is there. Nice large maps, plenty of challenges, leveling up and getting new weapons. Also a large array of charactors to choose.One negative that I have noticed so far is a can't figure out a way to bring up the menu in the game without minimizing the screen and bringing it back up. None of the buttons on my keyboard do the trick. Also none of the buttons on my controller. Secondly controller will not work unless it was on prior to the game starting, though this isn't really that big of a deal."
76561198035391503,Recommended,278080,25771472,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,lagrie,"love the musou franchise.love the characters.i do hope more musou titles are on its way to steam.over the top hack and slash, just arcade pure fun."
76561198037726801,Recommended,278080,18831733,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Probably Gnomes,Dynasty Warriors is a very fun series but it's not for everybody. It is essentially the epitome of a hack n' slash game as you are dropped onto a battlefield immensely strong and are given thousands of mooks to have your way with. There are enemy officers that provide a bit of a challenge every now and then but once you've mastered the relatively simple combat system there is not much that can stand to you. I heavily enjoy the gameplay however the common criticism that it is very repetitive is entirely valid as there is not much variety in the combat. The story mode is pretty compelling if you're into wuxia stories but if you're not into the gameplay then you are going to have a pretty rough time having fun with this game.I very much enjoy the series but my recommendation to newcomers to the series is to play a friend's copy before buying for yourself. Since the entire story is included with every game you don't need to worry about being unfamiliar with what's happening and that helps make it accessible. Definitely worth buying for fans of the series but avoid the DLC. There's not much going on there.
,Recommended,278080,12632620,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,misa_PR,I just simply love DW!
,Recommended,278080,10644372,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dinkthemushroom,"If you liked the last 7 Dynasty Warriors, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,278080,10104656,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,MegaPatron,Finally the wait is over. Dynasty Warriors has finally came to Steam!The controls are abit weird at first. But some control settings and getting used to helps. And the lack of online support is really no big deal for me. So far the game works great and runs smootly for me(feel sorry for the ones having issues). I hope Tecmo Koei brings more of there games to steam. Like Samurai Warriors 4!
76561198031615816,Not Recommended,278080,15171885,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,"Dynasty Warriors: eXtreamly iNcompleteBuy when on sale but otherwise, not worth the money!The Story campain is fun but thats as far as you go.  Ambition mode is garbage and a shadow of it's better, Empires."
,Not Recommended,278080,10833204,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Commander Saxon,"A new Dynasty Warriors game, sadly with worse graphics and a few bugsI do not recommend this game as much as Dynasty Warriors 7, here's a video why:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zc2kYGBkuFc"
76561197976775950,Recommended,278080,10114713,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,GhostNappa,Lubu needs his own currency.10/10
,Recommended,278080,26098679,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ventus,"Another Dynasty Warriors Game. Great.~Pros- A LOT of content (missons, story modes, characters, weapons and gamemodes)- Unique Moves for each of the ~80 characters/weapons/musous- Hypothetical Storylines for each Kingdom + Extreme Stages with optional objectives, which aren't always easy to complete.- Ambition Mode (great if you get tired of all those Free Play Mission Objectives)~Cons- A LOT of grind if you want to get all the characters to lvl 50+- Achievements can be a grind, if you don't know what to do (except the Free Mission Mode Objectives fk that!)- Challenge Mode falls too short (again)- No online Multiplayer- In Battle at Hulao Gate, LuBu ist still too strongRésumé:Since DW8 was never and will never appear on PC, this ""alternative"", which has everything the base game does have anyway, is a great option for new and old fans of the series. I would recommend it to any hack and slash fan, even tho most of the achievements or missions will most likely not be played/done by newcomers. I personally don't care about graphics, but I think they are not great in this game, which is not really important for this type of game.7/10 would grind again"
76561197985720502,Recommended,278080,13541955,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,AlphaTwist,"This without a doubt the best Dynasty Warriors game I have ever played since Dynasty warriors 4. The combat system is much better than its ever bin. Can weild 2 or 3 weapons for each character mixing up the combat. loads more combat moves and conbinations to master, 100s of weapons to master and choose from. Loads of elemental damage upgrades to adabt too and work around. Plenty of stages, Lots of difficulty settings to master, Loads of game modes to choose from and complete. Several story compaigns to complete even Lu Bu's very own campaign. This game will take 100s of hours to complete without any of the extra DLC that is out for it. Some people might still find some parts of the game a bit repetertive but you can always mix it up and change character as there are loads to choose from. There loads of mounts as well and animals who can work a long side you too. I could go on really. Just buy it. Its worth the money and will keep you busy for a long time. :)"
,Recommended,278080,16512477,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Drexl,"TLDR: This is a solid progressive iteration on the long-standing DW franchise. Fans of the series will enjoy it, but it is plagued with technical issues as a PC port, and hasn't aged well in general.---FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND COMMENTS:Be advised the following is targeted at those already familiar with Dynasty Warriors. If you have never played a DW game go watch some YT videos or buy the game, play for 2 hours and decide if you want to get a refund through Steam or not.Innovation is something we are likely to never see in Dynasty Warriors. Each title in the series iterates on the former by adding new mechanics and improving the graphics, but does little else. Most games would receive a lot of flak for this, but DW fans seem to put up with it (myself included). This is probably the best iteration of the series so far, but keep in mind it is still just another DW game. That is both a good thing and a bad thing which I will cover in more detail below.DW8-XL CE is a terrible PC port. It is obvious they didn't even try. Keyboard controls are available and appear to be fully rebindable, but aisde from ALT+F4 I couldn't get the keyboard to work at all, even when I launched the game w/o a controller plugged in. In it's favor the controller inputs are rebindable, which is rare to see. Co-Op is local only. No LAN, and the online Co-Op that appears to have been in the console versions (based on screenshots I've seen) has been stripped from the PC version.Furthermore, DW8 suffers from all the same problems every DW game has suffered from, and they are compounded by the fact that game design and technology have advanced while the Dynasty Warriors franchise has continued to remain in the past (pun only slightly intended). This means controls are not intuitive for a modern title, graphics are dated (they ported the PS3 version not the PS4 version), and the UI is awful. The same large, and somewhat garish UI that each iteration seems to hold on to is present. It's barely tolerable on consoles, and doesn't belong on a PC title at all.All this said it also benefits from same things that made DW games of the past great. Everything you expect is still there, and they have iterated on some things that I think helps the title. You can summon a horse at any time and any location which helps in getting around the map. Mounted combat is possible, but not very fun or effective. You can swap between two weapons for each character which further diversifies your options in combat which is great. At the same time they also appear to have decoupled the weapon type from the character. This means that while each character starts with the iconic weapon you have come to expect them to wield from previous titles, you can immediately change which two weapons they use if you wish. I consider this a net positive because choice is nice even if you choose to have them keep using their iconic weapon. From what I've played it seems some weapons have higher compatibility ratings with certain characters than others. So even though you can use every weapon with each character some are more effective than others. Oddly however, the Musou ability (that special ability you press circle for on PlayStation) is character specific. This means that regardless of what you have equipped your character will pull out their iconic weapons when doing their Musou then switch back. It's not a big issue, but is a bit jarring.CONCLUSION:DW 8-XL CE a solid progressive iteration on the long-standing DW franchise. Fans of the series will enjoy it, but it is plagued with technical issues as a PC port, and hasn't aged well in general. Based on my research many consider this to be the best DW game so far with DW3-XL coming in as a close 2nd. However, most of the votes for DW3 appear to be a result of nostalgia rather than pure objective criticism. If you are looking to satisfy that DW itch I'd say this is definitely worth picking up as long as you go into it knowing that you will be playing a console game sitting at your desk, using a controller. If you can, I suggest streaming the game from your PC to a living room television and sitting comfortably on the couch with a controller, unless you own a PS4 in which case why did you read this far?"
,Recommended,278080,24663854,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,PAXTON-176,"Used think I was the strongest Warrior in the Three Kingdoms, then I met Lu Bu."
,Recommended,278080,12331423,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,🅱atmeme 🅱ank 🅱night,"Before there was the 70 mph motorcycle tire changing initiation into the Chinese military, there was the pursue of Lu Bu.Always pursue."
,Recommended,278080,10328907,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,• Moayad,"For me :* I was playing the game on the Playstation 2 .. and was one of the best games for me!!.* There was no boredom of this game .. But I was feel tired a lot because the game is very impressive and very fun :)* My best character in this game is Xiahou Dun and Lu Bu.Pros :+ Very alot of characters, multiple weapons, weapon modifiers and equippable skills+ Great Soundtrack, the elaborate costuming, the Three Kingdoms setting.+ Smooth and intuitive combat.+ 5 Main Campaigns and many dozens of officers provide too much replay experience.+ Graphics are fine.Cons :- Lack of online multiplayer.- Weird button display that doesn't take into account whether you're using a controller or not. It'll show up as default symbols or key commands, doesn't really make sense!!!.- No dual audio for Japanese voices.- Loss Frame ( fps drop ) sometimes.My Rating : 9/10* I recommend to everyone to buy this game, Really awesome."
76561198067063738,Not Recommended,278080,13187748,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,HYDRO_TOKER  =[NuD]=,The instuctions for the controller are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥just press j axis -2  why cant it say press b + a on game pad
76561197962794210,Not Recommended,278080,10957468,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wintermewt,This is a really poor port of a PS3 game. Pass on this one: you can't even bind keys to the mouse.
76561198091413115,Recommended,278080,12467628,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,bingyud3,低难度：我乐割草；高难度：我了个艹。感觉是六代的威力加强版总之，老少咸宜的休闲娱乐佳作
,Recommended,278080,25633656,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,K.Lmt.Exp,"Purchased the game at 60% off (£15.99)Pretty decent console port, glad to see there's VSync support and customizable key mapping. although there are some points to improve:1. The game has 60fps framerate lock even if VSync is off2. Pricing: DLC aside the base game cost £39.99 when the PS4 version costs only half as much, only worth buying during sales3. Supports a maximum of 1080p, so QHD(1440p) and 4K users get potato quality graphics, still looks decent until you look close up.4. Does not allow the use of a mouse(for camera control), the game is controller or keyboard onlyThe game is packed with contents, other people have said enough."
,Recommended,278080,23129377,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ky,"Been a DW fan since #3 came out. Graphics have come a long way, and def. easier to have larger number of kills."
,Recommended,278080,10239869,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,it's ya boy Rayan,i couldn't recommend this game more ....if you like hack n slash games ... i say go for it ...for me it's my favorite game
,Recommended,278080,10927032,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LIL BAPPY,"Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition is just outstanding. While it has the minor and typical flaws of a port it's 100% playable and great fun for those who desire a fun hack and slash with an easy to follow and unique story line for each campaign. Let's lay down some pros and cons:pros:+Upholds graphical standards of the recent last gen(ps3/xbox 360)+All the stories of Dynasty Warriors 8 mixed with the the bonus content and modes included in Xtreme Legends!+Improved gameplay smoothness(many of the older dynasty warriors games had fps drops during the massive waves of enemies getting annihilated even in the console versions)+Excellent stories for each of the 4 kingdoms(the 3 old originals as well as the more recent Jin dynasty)and for the first time the ability to play through the story of the ""Mighty"" Lubu a character known widely throughout the series as the most fearsome of fighters.+Dian Wei clunking his bald head against Lubu's.+Dian Wei clunking his bald head against everybody else.(15/10)+New characters, both beautiful female characters with unique art styles and powerful looking male characters who fall nothing short of badass with all kinds of new movesets and massive combos!cons:-Controller mapping is very poor, I recommend using an afterglow a1x controller from PDP, when setting up your button input it feels like you're reading another language and takes about 10 minutes of double checking just to make sure everything is set up right. However, once set up the game runs great just like it would on your xbox or ps3!-Poorly optimized for live streaming via twitch and hitbox(if you care about it), the game runs flawlessly on my amd phenom 1100t 6core at 3.3ghz and my radeon 6850 at max settings but once I turn my stream on it's all down hill from there!-Some of the environments have slightly blurry textures, Dynasty Warriors uses a fairly old engine which isn't fully up to par with most modern games, this is easily made up for by the colorful characters and wide array of refreshed battlefields and brand new ones all together.-This is another personal con, a lot of familiar officer names dating all the way back to Dynasty Warriors 2 are still for some reason important enough to be put into the game but not important enough to have their own unique character.Final Verdict:Dynasty Warriors is still going strong, I was blown away by 7 but 8 is the best one yet! While I recognize bits and pieces of the stories from 7, 8 delivers a refreshing and nothing short of adrenaline pumping feel while you slash and crush your way through hordes of opponents. I always say a good game or story has characters that YOU wish YOU could be if it were possible, Dynasty Warriors 8 gives you just that!Feel free to reply to my review and tell me what you agree or disagree with, always interested in discussing!"
,Recommended,278080,33100893,Posted: 1 July,all,ClydeTheFancyOwl,"5 hours play time on first launch.pros:1. Insane amount of content without any DLC. So many characters, stories and modes to play through.2. Insane fighting and amazing musou attacks.3. Destroy hordes of enemies and hours are gone without you even noticing it.4. You can equip any weapon to any character, adding even more insane content to mess around with.5. Japanese dub dlc (should have been in the base game, but it is free so that is still a plus).6. Just like the old days, just better....instant fun and nostalgia, you can just jump in and have fun and relieve stress...love it.7. AMBITION MODE.cons:1. Graphics are mediocre2. Not the best PC Port in terms of  UI3. Not the best PC port in terms of controls....actually unplayable for me without a controller.YES THEY COULD HAVE DONE A BETTER JOB WITH THE PORT, but this game really is so fun, I say, even though I am biased since this series was a part of my childhood, at the price this game is at right now (summer sale 2017), IF YOU HAVE A CONTROLLER, buy it! it is worth it!.Connect the controller, take 5 minutes of your life to assign the keys how you would like them, and have endless hours of fun. The developer was a bit lazy yes, but don't let that small inconvenience stop you from experiencing this great hack & slash."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,278080,31642863,Posted: 9 May,all,Vividnightmare,"I absolutely love Dynasty Warriors. Been playing it since the PS2. The PC version is everything you could hope for except for it's uncontrollable. It's a mess. For whatever reason, the developers decided to not port over their console controls and instead to just ruin the game entirely. I bought this years ago, it didn't work then but I hoped they would patch it over time. No. No instead they've patched it so they could add ""Costume Pack"" DLC instead. It's utterly shameful. To be clear, check the Discussions board for this before you buy. If you don't believe me, just look up controller issue in the discussions. It's a nightmare, most people just give up and refund the game, a few go to extreme coding level measures to get the game to work. In the end, the WIRED xbox 360 controller is the closest to working, the controls are still messed and while they are mappable, you can't map button combos so there aren't enough buttons on a controller to map everything to. Also THERE IS NO PAUSE button. I've mapped and re-mapped this on keyboard and controller, as far as I can tell the ONLY WAY TO PAUSE the game is to Alt-Tab out of the game and Alt-Tab back in, the game thankfully pauses when you do that. On the 360 controller you still can't control the camera with the right stick, the best you can do is map camera rotate left/right to the buttons of your choosing (default is the triggers). If you are unlucky enough to be using a nice new Xbone controller or a Ps4 controller there if a very high likelihood you'll get the camera spin issue, to my knowledge this is essentially unfixable. For you PC folks figuring you'll just mouse/keyboard this anway. That's up to you, but know that your mouse has NO function in this. Not for menus and certainly not for camera. You'll have to utilize the keyboard entirely which just feels unnatural and awful to me, but then again I grew up with this on console.Other than that, the game loads great. I think it has more content, I don't know because it's unplayable in its current state and I haven't been able to dump the hundreds of hours into it I normally do with a DW game. Bottom line. If you're a DW fan, you most likely already own a console, JUST BUY THE CONSOLE VERSION. If you don't own a console, well I'm sorry but just pass this by. While this is the ultimate beat'em up game, the Dev's have utterly ruined it by lazily ripping the game from console and smashing it onto the PC carelessly. I have spent hours trying to piece this back together. I have finally accepted defeat and will be un-installing DW8 for the last time on my PC, never to return. I want to also point out, I've gotten other 'Dynasty' titles for the PC, such as One Piece Warriors 3 (yeah it's a Dynasty game), they also DO NOT WORK. For whatever reason the morons that made this think the keyboard is the end all be all of the universe and since all DW games run the on same basic engine/code, this glaring flaw is happily transferred between all the Dynastyesque titles like herpes. I cannot click 'NO"" for recommending this game hard enough. Dynasty Warriors games on console are a wonderful time killer, especially in co-op with a friend. On the PC it is a utter horror show of awful porting/coding and it is beyond clear the dev's have no intention of fixing this mess."
,Recommended,278080,33105283,Posted: 1 July,all,愛ちゃん,Pick Any heroMain Destination Hu Lao GatesKill Diao ChanLu Bu EnragedLose to Lu BuRepeat
76561198065709401,Recommended,278080,12754517,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,kodorider1606,"Great game if you like the series. Added in some nice hypotheticals and extra challenges to make each level a bit tougher. Lots of characters and weapons, get it on sale not quite worth the full price but worth your time."
,Recommended,278080,29765171,Posted: 7 February,all,zeak56,"Any complaint about controller support, with a wireless + wireless receiver/wired xbox 360 controller, is false. I know with at least these controllers, they have to be on and ready before the game starts. Thats it. Fully compatible. I would expect the same from any other controller tbh. Its dynasty warriors, if you've played before you should know what to expect."
76561198050663566,Recommended,278080,13662541,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kazuyuki,buy the game start the game play lu bu...
,Not Recommended,278080,11826898,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ESOTERiC,"Love the game been a massive fan since 3 on PS2. Game runs great, colourful excellent combos, tons of officers and maps and modes to keep you coming back. ONLY GRPE IS LABELING IT ""COMPLETE"" WHEN AS OF WRITTING THIS REVIEW THERE IS £142.90 WORTH OF DLC AVAILABLE. TRULY DISGUSTING.Really soured this great game getting a PC release. I'd like to recommend it but with that much extra content behind a pay wall I really don't feel like the game deserves a thumbs up. Buy it if you're a fan but be aware you're going to not be getting a COMPLETE experience unless your wallet is fat."
,Not Recommended,278080,19899626,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Grim,"Cannot get xbox one controller to work. Button mapping is horrid (and doesnt always work). If you are thinking about picking this up, go read the forums first (and close the game while you read some troubleshooting, so you can still refund it when it doesnt end up working)"
,Recommended,278080,10107064,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,[ Rizno . 雨 ],"Truly the greatest Dynasty Warriors title to date, and quite a fine PC port overall. A mixture of PS3 and PS4 visuals, with the biggest drawback being that there is no online co-op play (yet?) for the PC version. Aside from that rather large negative though, the huge positive is how long this game will last you if you've ever been a fan of the Dynasty Warriors titles. Completing the base story-lines on my regular DW8 PS3 version had taken me roughly 30 hours. Xtreme Legends Complete Edition expands on to a new storyline featuring Lu Bu, Challenge Mode, Free Mode and further character advancement for the 80+ characters, up towards a level of 150 each - and with hundreds of weapons to find and collect. Ambition Mode has also been greatly expanded, something I had only played a few hours of on my PS3 copy of DW8 - but also another extremely fun mode for any fan of this series.Although the console versions sometimes struggle at the FPS side of things, I've been able to maintain 60 FPS at all times regardless of how many enemies are on the screen at once. This is all whilst running at maximum-detail graphical settings, 1920 x 1080, under Windows 7. (I hear that Windows 8 is currently causing some trouble for other players, but not all.)My system build is now roughly 2 years old but should give you a general idea of what you may need:AMD FX Bulldozer 6-core @ 3.30GHz,8GB RAMand anAMD Radeon HD 7850 2GBwhich has been overclocked slightly.Highly recommended to past fans of Dynasty Warriors, otherwise please look in to DW8 video reviews to get a better idea of what you would be in for as a newcomer to this great series. A word of advice though: Do NOT pursue Lu Bu..."
,Recommended,278080,23030025,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lepmtg,provides repetative but entertaining one vs a million gameplay consistant with prior itereation of dynasty warriors. if you dislike repetitive gameplay this is not the game for you as its mashing a routine attack combo.nothing new or fresh in particular but entertaining.
76561197972335884,Recommended,278080,30285024,Posted: 2 March,all,drethnudrib,"If you've played other DW games, you won't be disappointed. There's a TON of content here, along with one of the best console ports I've ever played. The game runs buttery-smooth at 1080p using a Logitech gamepad that's now over ten years old. Seriously, I bought the thing for Madden 2007.The gameplay is about what you'd expect, although it's different from earlier games in the series. Instead of each character having his or her own campaign, there is one Story Mode campaign for each of the major factions, and you can choose from one of up to three playable characters for each battle. This gives you a chance to learn about the factions while also being able to experiment with many different characters over the course of a campaign. I'd recommend starting here, because it will give you a chance to hone in on a character who suits your playing style before you start Ambition Mode, which is the centerpiece of DW8.Ambition Mode is pretty awesome. You build a base literally from the ground up, taking on short missions in order to obtain materials, recruit allies, and become more famous. Once the base reaches a certain point, you can undertake campaigns to conquer territories from Imperial pretenders and spread your version of Chinese bad♥♥♥♥♥ness across the land. It's fun, but it can be a bit grindy. If that isn't up your alley, you might not enjoy it as much as I did. If you just like killing thousands of woefully-inadequate soldiers, it'll never get old.Even with all this game's strengths, I couldn't recommend it to anyone who plans on using a keyboard and mouse. Gamepad is the only way to go with this one. I'd buy a cheap gamepad just to play this game, but then I'm a huge fan of the series. The initial WTF factor is also an issue, especially if you're new to DW games. This game throws a massive amount of game modes, characters, and options at you from square one, and it can be overwhelming. The tutorials are decent, but there isn't much hand-holding beyond that.All in all, there's a ton of fun to be had here if you enjoy games that let you slay a thousand nameless Chinese dudes with a single combo. DW8 stays true to its roots, imbuing astronomical hyperbole to the stories of mighty historical heroes who actually feel historically mighty under your control. As long as you stay away from Lu Bu. Because that mother ♥♥♥♥er will end you."
,Recommended,278080,13568236,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,dunnolol,Constantly getting asswhooped by Lu Bu.10/10 must buy.
76561198085236694,Recommended,278080,29890488,Posted: 12 February,all,chen_samson,"As one of my longest playtime games, I have a love and hate relationship with this game. While it is fun destroying hundreds and sometimes thousands of enemies, it gets repetitive and the difficultly is not something to admire.Pros:- Flashly character move sets- It has its historical reference rather accurate (minus the hypothetical storylines)- Tells a story of commonly unexplored (in the western world) Chinese history and brings it to a larger audience- Simple button mashing that is great at relieving stress- Large variety of character’s to choose from, each with their own special weapons to collectCons:- Expensive DLCs- Repetitive at later parts of the game- A working PC port but not a great one, glitches and bugs do occasionally happen"
,Recommended,278080,13411935,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dakkon Akrossa,The only thing missing are the three extra attacks at the end of your normal attack chain that they had in DW5. Due to that I can only give this game a 27 out of 5. Come on Koei step it up geez.IF you missed the aggressive amounts of sarcasm. This is the best Dynasty Warriors to date and if you don't own it then you are wrong. Simply wrong.
76561197972331255,Recommended,278080,13472391,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sam Urai,"If you're on the fence about getting this game then maybe this will help.I've only played DW 3, 4 and 5 with DW 3 and DW 4 being the best of them but I didn't like how 6 and 7 looked and so I never got them. I finally decided to give DW 8 a look and still wasn't that interested. The game went on sale and I picked it up eventually after reading positive reviews on steam and i'm really glad I did. A lot has changed since DW 3 and yet it doesn't feel that different - there's just more content.As someone who regards DW 3 as their favourite in the series I highly recommend this game. It's far better than DW 5 which is where the series started going downhill."
76561198006563914,Recommended,278080,35092123,Posted: 20 September,all,cjwasright,"It was a hot evening  in the year 208, China. Zhuge Liang was having a most pleasant stroll through rows and rows of burning ships, screaming soldiers and clashing weapons.""What a relaxing and enjoyable walk I am having"" Said Zhuge to himself as he swatted 100 soldiers on each side with a wave of his fan.Suddenly Cao Cao appeared in front of his path.""Zhuge Liang! How impudent of you to challenge me, the mighty Hero of the Age of Chaos! Now you shall learn the true suffering of defeat, as instructed to you by me, Cao Cao sama, the ultimate warrior lord of destructaaaaaaaaaieeee!""  Before Cao Cao finished his sentence he found himself swept off his feet and blown high high into the heavenly abodes.""Ah this is the most congenial of days"", said Zhuge Liang as he continued his gentle spate, casually waving his fan.Meanwhile the brave men and women of Wu looked on with shocked abasement.""What the Dong Zhuo is his deal?""- asked Huang Gai (also known as Hung Gary to his friends).""He's got Triumph and Enlightenment  equipped""."
,Recommended,278080,16286587,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,kabum oc,"This game is the perfect hack and slash, brawler and button-mashing game and I think the best out of all the Dynasty Warriors games and it has hot asian babes. ;)))Pros: Chinese genocide, nice graphics, cool weapons and abilities, fast horsies, lots of different storylines and characters, storyline actually makes you a chinese history scholar, hottie babes in the game :))))Cons: Chinese genocide, the females are weaker than one of the several million Chinese minions you slay in this game, might get boring if you play too much, hardest mode is really ♥♥♥♥ing hard and makes you want to kill urself"
76561198008160341,Recommended,278080,16070463,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Kilaz,Like it. Lots fun if you love dynasty warrior games its a good buy
76561198035271775,Recommended,278080,14346201,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,HeremitDevil,"The fun part is i bought this game because of sheer randomness. I was in a moment where i just wanted something that allowed me to kick a lot of♥♥♥♥♥ i knew the series though i had never played it before and decided to give it a shot, since it was on sale. Blast off. I immediately grew extremely fond of the game and its strengths, and happily accepted to ignore its flaws. Here's a list of the pros/cons of this game in my opinion:aPROS-So ♥♥♥♥ing BADA$$! This game just allows you to enter a battlefield and kick so much♥♥♥♥♥you will just stay there grinnin' at the screen, overwhelmed by the sheer sensation of power this game gives you.-Even if you may look overpowered in difficulties up to Normal, you still have 3 more grades of punishment waiting for you after Normal: if you want a tougher challenge, you're welcome. Don't even think of getting out alive with a non-leveled character, they will tear you to pieces. So, if you don't like being omnipotent, this game has many antidotes.-Just don't listen to the general opinion that this game is merely a button masher. Ok, combos are few, very easy (just light attack a certain amount of time+heavy attack, and that's it), but it's not just fighting. Every battle has its own objectives you have to care about: avoid rescuing the troubled allied for too long and he's dead, battle over (for example). You must be very careful of what the game tells you: while you rampage through random enemy forces, you may miss your chance to complete an objective, thus making your life way harder and/or even failing the whole mission.-The sheer amount of playable warriors is humongous: more than 80 powerful characters, each one, which is really something, with a dedicated weapon and move set.-There's a lot of content: five campaigns that allow replayability thanks to slight objective variations depending on the character you choose, a free mode with rankings and extra objectives, the very interesting Ambition mode in which you can lead your preferred warrior to ultimate power and some challenges. At nearly 58 hour of gameplay, i am way far from the completion of this game. As long as you like it, you have tons of things to do.-As soap-operish as the plot may be, it still is enjoyable enough to be a good glue between a mission and another.-The soundtrack is powerful and exciting, giving the battles a real hand by boosting your heroic feelings quite a lot. If you are into being influenced by music, of course.CONS-The game is very repetitive. If you don't like killing things (a lot of things) all the time, you will grow bored.-The english voiceover is quite bad, sometimes to laughable levels. Free japanese voiceover DLC, though.-The DLCs this game has are very expensive and not quite necessary unless you've already fully explored the base game, which can require hundreds of hours.-The graphics are rather poor.  Character design is nice, but sceneries are empty and non interactive, textures are not detailed, geometry is very simple and generic characters all look the same (because they are). There is quite a load of special effects and a huge amount of troops displayable on screen with virtually no lag even on semi-good machines, but this game doesn't shine much on this side, no doubt.-Playing with a keyboard is excruciating, and controller mapping may be tedious sometimes due to generic button names provided in the option menu.This game has a lot to offers, and also historical flaws that are part of its DNA. If you like this kind of game and need to unload your stress through peons genocide, though, don't think twice: Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends (Complete Edition Ultra Super Turbo DX and what not) is the game you need. And always remember: don't pursue Lu Bu. Because no matter how bada$$ you are, he is more."
76561198061121905,Not Recommended,278080,11300555,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,prof. farnsworth,WARNING:It is highly and i can´t stress this enough HIGHLY recommended to own a controller. Mouse isn´t really supported.As an example you have to press L on your keyboard for a standard attack and you can´t rebind your keys to the mouse (i.e. left mouse button).STEAM get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and warn the pcm before they buying this bad port.
,Recommended,278080,13458789,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,>=SF=< Starcrossed Princess,"I am a long time DW player, having played and beaten every installation of this since DW2 (the original was a fighting  game I didn't care for), and I've enjoyed every hour I've spent on these games.Not having a next-gen console, I haven't really been able to play DW6 or DW7, and when I heard this was on Steam, I jumped at the chance to play it.The basic story of the game is very similar to every other DW series game, you are placed back in the time period of the Three Kingdoms in Ancient China, and you help your faction duke it out with the other ones in order to unite the land under your control.  This game series is generally based off of the ""Romance of the Three Kingdoms"" story, and as such may not be actually representative of what that time period was like, but it's entertaining enough to make up for it.Unlike previous entries, instead of choosing one character and going through the storyline, the game gives you a selection of characters to use in each stage, some of them you might be familiar with, and some you might not, and then your role in each stage depends on what character you chose.  You may be playing the character responsible for setting an ambush up, or launching a fire attack, or making a solo run into the hordes of enemy forces to distract them.  In all cases, it can be fun to do.At it's core, Dynasty Warriors is most commonly compared to a ""hack and slash"" genre game, and they're not that wrong.  But the calls of ""button mashing"" are not that valid, because yes, you can win by mashing buttons, but unless you're attacking in the right way at the right time, you will wind up losing, because the enemy actually uses its AI.  The game also was said to ""punish"" players who didn't take care of their allies.  I've seen this first hand, and they are not kidding.  In previous editions, I could simply run through all the forces, taking out the enemy, and finish the stage relatively quickly.  Now, if I run off to do that, and my allies die, the enemy forces DO get stronger, where one stage I was gang-attacked by 7 playable Wei generals, and I was quickly obliterated.In addition, in the story mode, each kingdom has a ""hypothetical"" route, obtained by performing certain actions in each stage, therefore changing the history (example: Sun Jian is killed by an archer in one of the early levels, but if you defeat a certain enemy in time, that event doesn't happen, and he survives).  Each Kingdom's alternate route usually ends with their complete victory in unifying the land, and I find I enjoy them more than the traditional. (Especially Lu Bu's).  When I play through their story modes, I do what is required to trigger the alternate one, simply so I can bask in the enjoyment of doing so.There are plenty of characters to enjoy, especially since this version has the 5 new characters introduced in Xtreme Legends, one of them for each Faction of Wei, Shu, and Wu, and 2 for the other faction. (Wei - Yu Jin, Shu - Fa Zhong, Wu - Zhu Ran, Other - Chen Gong and Lu Linqui).If you are not a Dynasty Warriors fan, or if you've never played the game before, this is a wonderful place to start.  If you absolutely hate hack and slash games, I'd take a pass on it, as that is kind of the core of this type of game.If you are the type of gamer who likes to call themselves a ""one-man army"", then yes, you can easily do that in this game.Now, the only real con I find, and it is a big one, but not enough to make me demand a refund:NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER!PS3/4 has it.  So does the XCrate.  But PC doesn't?  Hopefully they address this with a patch soon.  Local co-op does work, however, and is a lot of fun when you're hooked up to a big screen TV.Overall, I highly recommend this game.  Become a one-man or one-woman army and take over China!"
,Recommended,278080,13528705,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DeafRaz,I love this game  i play old dynasty warrior game on playstation. last game i think dynasty warriors part 5 or 6. i dont play consoles no more. now i only play on pc.  I'm happy this game can play on pc. I bought this game.  I play this game flashback old good time.  I love this.  You can play with co-op in your home with friends or family. but no multiplayer.  only most of time single player.  I play and love this game.  10/10
76561198133189093,Recommended,278080,25665376,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dathedr_vodhr,"Like most gamers, I don't mind a good ole hack n slash every now and then, but it takes skill to develop basically the same game over and over again, and keep the franchise alive.DW8XLCE does that in every sense of the word. Have you seen most of this♥♥♥♥♥♥before? Yes, yes you have. Is there new content? Some, not much admitedly, but some. Is it fun as heck? ♥♥♥♥ yeah it is. And for those of you who are as sad as I am/ don't mind some romancing, there is a very small, very fulfilling part of the game called Ambition mode where if you are a male/female lead character and you body guard with the oposite sex, you can play the waifu/husbando mini game. Granted, it aint much, but its still cheesy and great for those who want it (I know this wasnt its intent, but I did say I was sad).Overall, a great game, and I'm looking forward to 9, also a good game to play when you're feeling down and want to mind numbingly wack a few thousand ♥♥♥♥♥es. Throwing knives break the game..."
76561198092679159,Recommended,278080,29865599,Posted: 11 February,all,NamelessEnigma,"I would just like to say after i finish writing this i will be playing more.This game is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone. It is relaxing and the perfect game to just set back and kill thousands. since i have bought it i want to get the other games and play them as well, In my future i could see the spectical fighter/ beatem up replace bullet hell as my favorite genre. this is a once in a life time game even though it has its flaws.The flaws btw can be fixed in like 10 minutes for the prompts and the controls. the graphics are good. The characters are interesting. The music and audio in general are amazing.BUY IT NOW IF YOU HAVE THE MONEY. You will not be disappointed!!!"
76561197993869948,Recommended,278080,29871587,Posted: 12 February,all,Superscope,"The best Dynasty Warrior games seems to be in multiples of 4.The 4th in the series was one of the best with tons of content and lots of characters.The 8th game in the series continues that trend, only more so. There is a insane amount of content to be had in here, and a PC port to boot (Dynasty Warriors was traditionally a console only series, though Dynasty warriors 4 Hyper was a pc port). The music is top notch (par for the course for DW games though).I'll be frank, there are some issues. Slowdown at points (mainly due to Vsync ♥♥♥♥ing up the framerate). Some characters are overpowered to the point of making the game a stupidly easy cakewalk and are unlocked from the start (*cough*Lu Bu*cough*). Another is the frankly painful pricing of it's actual game and DLC. Had the game been knocked down a extra 10 bucks and the dlc normallized to 5 dollars for skins, 10 for level packs then i would far kinder to it and give a higher rating but I can't. TK's pricing on their stuff is frankly insane compared to other games. Sodding Paradox has better dlc practices.Also, the cutscenes are awfully stifled with the english audio. I guess the voice actors were told to speak like that to match the pace of the cutscene's animations but i don't know. It just looks bad.Despite everything bad that I said. Dynasty Warriors 8 CE can keep you entertained for a very long time. If you see this game on sale I recommend you pick it up. The DLC you can pick and choose though in all honesty you can avoid it without any loss to the final produce (unless you badly want more stuff to do in the game).TL;DR - 8/10, Buy on sale.PS: Use a controller. It's the way DW is meant to be played"
76561197961877170,Recommended,278080,13788020,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,XAEL,"Feels like every other Dynasty Warriors I have played. This is a good thing.The only thing that feels different is how fast I am blowing through the content. Despite the extra factions it seems like a short storymode. Then again, maybe I am not keeping track of the time..."
76561198006851386,Recommended,278080,13807801,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,azrael228,"Firstly, if you have played and enjoyed previous games in the Dynasty Warriors and Orochi series you won't be surprised to find out this game offers more of the same. With several modes to play through, including the popular ambition mode, there is plenty to keep you occupied.The basic premise of the game is you play a significant character from Chinese history and roam around the landscape on foot and horseback killing thousands of enemy soldiers while levelling up yourself, skills and weapons in the process - sweet. There are loads of characters, moves and special weapons to pickup, plus you can fight from horseback. Generally there are hoards of enemies mixed in with tougher characters for you to wade through - respect.After turning the Japanese voice option and subtitles on I played through ambition mode for a while to level up some of the familiar characters. After the usual calibration period getting used to how to set the characters and weapons up I went into the Lu Bu story mode, which was pretty cool. After completing several of the story modes I turned my attention back to ambition mode to aquire all the goodies required such as Red Hare and improved weapon skills.If you have played previous incarnations on Xbox or PS then the first thing you might notice is the improved graphics, especially view distances and slow down issues in busy Musou packed fights, which is greatly improved. Negatives are if you use a game controller the forward and back (red and green) buttons are reversed, although this can be changed. As per usual it can get repetitive but it's always an easy game to come back to or play when friends are around. With a choice of male and female characters and an intuitive control system it's easy for pretty much anyone to play - kickass you guys."
76561198066224775,Recommended,278080,15904248,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MIRA KILLIAN,"Best Dynasty Warriors experienceIts got all your favs even Lu Bu♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of enemies to ""KO""Nice Musou abilities and weaponsMakes you feel like an overpowered badass"
76561198009163166,Recommended,278080,16637211,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,GilgaMelchi,"When you buy some DW game, you know what you're paying for, and you're getting it, and it's always worth it.Except from the inversion between A and B buttons (which is apparently common in Asian countries), this game has everything you could expect from any game of the Dynasty Warriors Series."
,Recommended,278080,21703681,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,bingo.,"Recommended on sale only!  The gameplay is still the same ol hack n slash DW but this port has alot of room for improvement, which KOEI seems to have learned from with their more recent PC port Dragon Quest Heroes(which is excellent btw).  Don't even think about buying this with the intent to use the keyboard/mouse to play, which sort of sucks considering the UI controls and popups are all keyboard keys and will not change to xbox/playstation buttons when you configure your controller.  Yes, you may have to configure you're controller for this game, it won't be plug in play/ready to go, unless you can deal with the default controls.  The graphics aren't anything to drool over and your framerate is capped at 60fps, which is fine if there weren't so many dips which make it an inconsistant 60fps.  But if you can bear with it and enjoy the genre i'd suggest it, just not at $50."
,Recommended,278080,20494042,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Sunny D,The developers for this game were using a copy of Romance of the Three Kingdoms but spilled an energy drink all over the book about halfway throughI'm not sure I know anything more about China than I did when I started but I am desperately waiting for the next sequel
76561198074590096,Recommended,278080,18638300,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,DoubleDrouble,very good and addictive game ... until i realize there was no save on the steam server .... once i reboot my window all my game saved was gone .......... have to start everythings all over again .... all my 5th and 6th star weapon ....and level 150 character ........ GG-Wellplayed ......
,Recommended,278080,11292599,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,jaeger,This is the best iteration of a Warriors game since DW3. It is highly polished.
,Recommended,278080,11158339,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LordStrider000,"I have been playing Dynasty Warrior games since 2 and played 3 a massive amount. I love Koei and the games they put out, Dynasty Tatics being one of the all time greatest games. So this Review comes from a fanboy of sort.Now saying all that, This games is the Mother shuckin' fist. You run around as a bad♥♥♥♥♥killing thousands of peasent Chinese, what is not to love about that. The game is massive, with a long story and more things to do then a hermaphrodite on a Saturday night. The only real complaint, and this has been said before, is the lack of good online play. Being that I enjoy playing with myself, it isn't a huge problem for me though."
,Recommended,278080,10622502,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"Toph ""Blind Bandit"" Beifong","You know exactly what you are purchasing when it comes to DYNASTY WARRIORS, this game runs smooth, is a joy to play and with all the character progression and challange modes and other various modes, this will keep you entertained for hoursThe only problem I have with the game is that there is no online multiplayer, which would have been a nice addition, considering multiplayer is already in the game, but considering I have no friends, this doesnt cause a problem for me, so still a perfect score10/10"
,Recommended,278080,23895086,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Citrus,"I think people need to understand that dynasty warriors is basically the same as Madden games, the changes that matter between versions are gameplay and engine. I think they did a pretty good job on this one. Doesn't feel sluggish or as boring as some of the previous versions did. The only thing I'm really bummed about is that the DLC never, EVER goes on sale. I recommend it to the people that will probably buy it anyway, because dynasty warrior games seem to have a polarizing effect and people either love them or hate them."
,Recommended,278080,13991439,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,.sandrio,East Asian Genocide Simulator 2014: Do Not Pursue Edition
,Recommended,278080,14410883,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Fred2000,"Stupid, silly, mindless, repetitive... FUN!This is one of those rare games that has absolutely no right to be entertaining, yet it absolutely is."
76561198090412921,Recommended,278080,28961003,Posted: 2 January,all,theadrap,"I have a lot of games in my library, but rarely dig into any of them the same way I have with this game.TL;DR: it's a fantastic combo beat 'em up game, 7/10It's got wide weapon variety of weapons and enchantments and combo types. The maps are fun, missions include escorting (almost wrote 'escorts' but that wouldn't've been right) and obliterating poor farmers with no education or hope. Graphics? It's not any blue Avatar quality content, but it achieves its purpose. Music is a combination of headbanging, wrist slashing action and traditional chinese music.Does it ctd? yeah, sometiems, and that's kind of a bummer, but otherwise, it's not too bad. I took time to write a review about it, and i enjoy the game. It can be a little repititous, but every weapon is unique. Oh, and i bought it while it was only 20 or 30 bucks, not the full 50."
76561198026673593,Recommended,278080,33187987,Posted: 3 July,all,CrazyHermit,"I just killed over 600 people with a canoe, mostly by surfing them to death.It wasn't even my main weapon; that was a cue stick w/ billiard balls.I killed 1000+ with that.Dynasty Warriors has only gotten more absurd with every sequel and I wouldn't have it any other way.Also it's a pretty great port but dang I had to remap gamepad controls completely whether Xinput or direct, so uh beware that"
76561198004025906,Recommended,278080,10732142,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Afoof,I can now pursue Lu Bu... :)
,Recommended,278080,16405270,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LepreCian,"Good old Chinese Genocide simulator.Dynasty Warriors (DW) has been around for a while now, and I'm sure most of us have played it at least once, giggling like a maniac at the sheer level of destruction we wrought on these poor, unarmoured peasants.It's not uncommon to get over 1000 kills in a single level - and there are a lot of levels.DW is based of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, a semi-historical narrative based on the period of the Three Kingdoms in ancient China. There are 4 main campaigns available - Wu, Shu, Wei, and Jin - with a fifth campaign based on the exploits of the infamous Lu Bu. Each of these campaigns has a split that occurs the second time you play them (assuming you hit all the requirements), allowing you to complete either the historical end, or an alternative end (which generally isn't as bleak as the history can be. What? You thought ancient Chinese warfare has happy end?).The gameplay itself is the best I've seen from the series, and it allows you to take two different weapons (which was new to me). In a way, it's kind of like a fighting game between two officers, it's just that hundreds of mobs get in the way.The character roster is also insane, with dozens of playable characters, each with their own unique attacks.In terms of optimisation, it runs really well for me - I get a near constant 60fps, only dropping when there are a LOT of men and particle effects on the screen.In short, DW8 is easily the best DW game I've ever played, and you should really give it a shot."
,Recommended,278080,16486064,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kholdstare,Fantastic version of Dynasty Warriors though it's definetly more of the same. Looks nice and has a lot of content. Great game if you've taken a break from the series and want to give it another go.
,Recommended,278080,12390102,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Just fucked my PC,"Sometimes, I don't start this up to slaughter endless legions of chinese peons. I don't start it up for glorious 60fps battlefields or glimmering PC optimization, which it has.I start this up and run the thing in the background, because it has some of the best music in a game ever.Welcome to China,Cyclonized Typhoon,The Men Of Intelligence(you're sure this isn't a Kenichi Tsuchiya or Shoji Meguro song? Doubly so?),Struggle for Existence(Slow to open, but those guitars can't half shred),Great Red Spirit(F*** HISTORY),Against All Odds, my god. EvenSolid State Mindis pretty damned good."
,Recommended,278080,10116236,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Light Saviour,I think the game is a good port other than that Mutliplayer misleadThe gameplay still the same.Graphics a bit better.Bigger Character Roster.MURDER.Dont Pursue Lu Bu.9/10 Missing Multiplayer.
,Recommended,278080,10621081,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,John Waffles Brown,I-IT'S.... LUUUUUUU BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Recommended,278080,12389406,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Yosho,"I did pursue Lu Bu, and then I died."
,Recommended,278080,16535916,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DarthJarJar,It gives a new meaning to hack n slash10/10
,Recommended,278080,10177007,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,SUCC SEED,real wrist workout.  lean and tight wrists in under 3 sessions.  combo spamming hordes of enemies is pretty fun too
,Recommended,278080,13110472,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,"this is the expansion of Dynasty Warriors 8, which is based of a long running Chinese genocide simulator, which is based off a 1 on 1 arcade fighting game, which is loosely based off a book, which is LOOSELY based off actual history.also this game is a hell of a lot more fun while watching the Three Kingdoms chinese drama at the same time as it follows the exploits ofNobnunaga OdaTSAO TSAO/Mengde"
76561198107880542,Not Recommended,278080,11477493,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mr Archer,This game requires some serious updates and patching
,Recommended,278080,10107440,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Chaos1224,"What you get from my review!!!1) The good2) the bad3) the correct button layout for the gamepad4) why i am reccomending this gameFirst i am going to say that i am conflicted on this game. Before you buy it understand these three things. first,  that is a port of the ps3 and not the ps4, so the textures are pretty much potatoes. It does play at 1920x1080p and it does reach 60fps so thats good news, but again even on the highest settings the textures are pretty bad. Next, it is currently local co-op only. I say currently because i cannot possibly think KOEI would release this game at full value and not include online features which were included in the console version. And lastly, the controlls are just awful. If you are like me, which i assume you are, you played the previous dynasty warriors games on a console and are familiar with the controls. If not, then you're not going to be as bothered by this. If you use a gamepad (which you honestly should for a game like this), it is very important to know...that some genius at KOEI decided it would be a FANTASTIC idea to make the musou button (special ability) and confirm button the exact same button. Allow me to explain the layout of the controller for this game on console so you can better understand (will use a 360 controller for demonstration, and for a reference of those who would like to use the most effective layout.)Left analog stick= moveRight analog stick= cameraA= jump/confirmB=Musou/backX= normal attackY= Strong attackLB= BlockLT= Change weaponRB= Call horseRT= MapStart= StartBack=? (i forgot what it did but it doesnt matter)Directional Buttons= bodyguard commandsSo we see here we have a pretty effective set up on console. Heres where KOEI innovated the game for PC gamers.Musou and confirm are the same button, so if you want to get anywhere navigation wise you need to press B to confirm. Which is awkward and weirdJump is also linked to the back button. So by pressing A you will end up going back in the menus which is also awkward and confusing for those familiar with the gamepadIn order to naviagte specific menus left and right, you need to press the Block button (LB) and the change weapon button (LT) where on console it was just LT and RT, so again ♥♥♥♥ing awkard.And the best part, the game doesnt tell you which key to press for either M/K or gamepad!!! it just shows you a ♥♥♥♥ing logo of what you should press.Oh and also, they added a pause button which is a diversion and doesnt do anything. The real pause button is called bring up display or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ So the pause button is useless.So you will need to decide if you are familiar with the controls from console between an effective combat control system, or an effective navigation system. Because some sociopath at KOEI decided that we cant have both. So definitly keep that in mind when you go to play this game. Oh and when using the gamepad, the main menu says ""press any key to countinue"". Which is a gigantic lie. You need to press whichever button you assigned to the ""display battle or whatever the ♥♥♥♥"" button (not pause).Despite these issues and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, it is a good port and it plays how it should. after a while i adjusted to the controls and am kicking♥♥♥♥♥all over the place. It may not bother you but it kind of upset me, was all the characters and character weapons are available right from the start (only the weak versions of the weapons, you still have to unlock all of those). I feel this was a terrible move because A) it takes away the excitment of unlocking characters and seeing them for the first time and which weapon they have. B) In this game you get 2 weapons...any two weapons you do so please. SO by having all the weapon types available at the start takes away the fun of unlocking them. which for me, was the best thing in dynasty warriors 8.So i do reccomend getting the game, but i reccomend waiting a while until KOEI fixes the problems and drops the price. Hope this helped!"
,Recommended,278080,25584795,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Unanimous,"It feels nice to beat swarms of enemies like they were made of sand, until you get to Lu Bu."
,Recommended,278080,22648085,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,FTD,Successfully pursued Lu Bu after dying 15 times.10/10 Best pursue/escape simulator.
76561198045165670,Recommended,278080,13401845,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sir Ruffington,"I wish to make this abundantly clear for anyone looking to buy this game. COMPLETE EDITION DOES NOT MEAN IT COMES WITH ALL DLC, YOU WILL NEED TO BUY DLC SEPARATE.Another fantastic Dynasty Warriors game, plays well on PC once you learn the controls. I only wish there was a different story mode for each character, it has 5 base story modes (Shu, Wu, Wei, Jin and Other (Lu Bu / Dong Zhuo / Yellow Turban)) with branching missions and stories."
76561198139328351,Recommended,278080,23086521,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Doeygaard,"it's a very good musou game, and it's one of the best lore in the dynasty warrior series. i recoment this game."
76561198022098483,Recommended,278080,22492599,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bylie,"Wanted to play co-op with my wife so we bought 2 copies of the game. Come to find out that you play on the same computer. So just a heads up, don't need 2 copies of the game, just need 2 controllers. I just started playing it myself but the wife loves the game from previously playing it."
,Recommended,278080,13209464,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ahhchoo,Freaking BadA**!!
,Recommended,278080,16298211,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,AnnOiyiN?,"It's that game again, that game that keeps giving you the same story over and over yet it's still an epic game ive played Dynasty Warriors for a along time now and i belive this one tops them all <3 <3 10/10 would Annihilate the north gates again."
,Recommended,278080,33375851,Posted: 8 July,all,Dai-chan,10/10
,Recommended,278080,25704919,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,Love this series of Dynasty Warriors and Samurai Warriors.I played all of them when i was younger with my cousin.
,Recommended,278080,13757965,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Eske,"This is proberly the best Dynasty Warriors for a long time in my opinion, yeah theres like £150 of DLC but its all vainty with some weapons/animals thrown in, the only DLC you'd proberly want is the japanse voice option which is free anyway. Also this is 2 player couch co-op for pretty much everything, for anyone who maybe deciding to buy for the first time.There is so much content in this version, the 3 main modes in this is the classic story mode, play out the story of one of the kingdoms, though this time round, you cant just pick a officer from that kingdom then play through the entire story being OP like before, for each story you pick between 3 officers for that mission, if you help plans succed or complete certain tasks other officers will be available on missions further down the line, or may even unlock another story path.Gameplay wise, this is super smooth for me, not had any graphic lag or delay when loading enemies, the in-game cinematics have been done very nice.Free mode is what it sounds like, pick any missions and play with any officer, though there are objectives to fulfill if you wish to obtain A rank.Then Ambition mode, similar to other Xtreme legends, you have your own town and fight battles to help build up your town, upgrading shops, capturing officers, so on and so forth.There are still the challenge modes like the bridge challengeSo if your un-sure about the game, keep in mind this is one of the best ones to buy, price can be steep at the moment but you get alot of content in return.Lastly, I would recommended a gamepad, if you have trouble with yours just re-map the buttons, the camera controls didnt work for me til I remapped it. Even though it has gamepad support you still need to push a button on your keyboard to access the title screen menu's which is proberly the only problem I have with it. After that ive been using the gamepad entirely.TL;DRGreat game, tons of content, 2 player couch co-op, lots of characters. recommeding gamepad."
,Recommended,278080,32764424,Posted: 25 June,all,Soulji,DW8 has a much stronger sense of progression than its predecessors
76561198355837105,Recommended,278080,34949710,Posted: 14 September,all,⦕-𝕯EA𝕯╪𝕸A𝓝-⦖,"7/10Good things:Dual audio so you can choose what you prefer. Awful voices but understand what they are saying or more emotional voices but don't understand nothing unless you read the messages.Characters can equip 2 weapons and you can select the skills/animals independently, also you can equip and change the skills in battle.The campaign/story mode of Lu Bu is good.Ambition mode, which is a very simplified adaption of an ""empire version"", where you choose a character and start develop facilities and rise bond with the others characters.A weapon system similar to the Orochi series, very customizable.Bad things:Overpriced DLCSometimes problems with the controls (I'm using a Xbox 360 controller) when the button don't answer correctly.A random problem/bug that makes the character to change to the defensive stance, it's rare but happens sometimes.Enemies when are in guard stance they block all the attacks.Archers and ballistae, specially the ballistae, are very frustrating. You can't move since you are stuck and if you are playing in ""ultimate"" difficulty that puts you in a terrible situation because you can die from a “musou attack” of an enemy officer in an instant.Very expensive maximized a character and level up by just playing it takes way more time.Some stages that are too big without a good reason since the horde of enemies is always gather in specific spots.Overall and with all the bad things I will say it's still a good Dynasty Warrior game, if you are a fan of the  Musou serie it's a safe choice but if you are new you may want to wait for Dynasty Warriors 9. It took me 188 hours to get all the achievements."
,Recommended,278080,12472062,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Skybreaker,"If you love Dynasty Warriors, YOU WANT THIS. Trust me. Been playing these since the very first game, Teckmo Koei does not disappoint."
76561198039069903,Recommended,278080,33165205,Posted: 2 July,all,Moto,"The 8th installment of the Chinese Genocide Series is a lot of fun to play, and taught me just enough Chinese history to score with the qts. I feel I owe it a positive review for that alone.The only thing I didnt like was that there is no online co-op. You cannot play this together with a friend online.Still love it tho."
,Recommended,278080,11444564,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Pseudo,"I spent hours and hours playing these games in college and got hooked all over again to this one. There's a ton of content to the story modes. I have some criticisms though. I wish Ambition mode were a little more interesting, it's just grinding the same battles over and over, and I wish you leveled your characters individually so there's more of a reason to go back and replay as previous characters. Battles are also not particularly strategic. Just beeline towards the enemy officers. Previous titles would require you to take and hold bases or to support other officers. In spite of the game's depth being nearly nonexistant, I still enjoyed killing dudes for hours and hours."
,Recommended,278080,10623977,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dan Guess,"Decent port. Still buggy in the gallery for me. Hopefully a few more updates are still to come. Even despite that, love this game."
,Recommended,278080,10621303,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cookies,Today I bought and played this game.I killed three hundred people as a lady with a katana and a flute in an evening gown and heels.I think I like this game.
,Recommended,278080,11596693,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,AraGhast,"Best Dynasty Warrior Game Since Like Dynasty Warrior 4 - 5  Empire Edition how ever some people don't like the New English voice for some Officer Like Yuan Shao King of Moron and some officer sound like there dumbI hope they add The Empire Edition of the game as one BIG DLC It Would add so much Replay Ability but there no word if that come on steam and if it will be sold as a Seperate game like on PS3 / PS4 ConsoleThere are many Campaign Mission split into 4 Faction + Lu Bu + Extra Campaign to play as The Enemy in Free mode stage & Ambition mode Is awesomethere is 77 types of weapon and Officer carry Two and have 3 Type Heaven / Earth / Man there is over 79 Playable Character Each Officer have Two EX Attack  for there main Weapon some weapon switch can make you have 2K Hit comboThere is alot of Cinematic with voice and hundred of Dialog without voice at town but every normal soldier  look the same for the faction wish there where more , Creative on the regular soldier type and sub officer as well of Dialog maybe in DW9 LOL5 Difficulty Setting to match ur Officer Level  - Like it near impossible to Defeat a Stage at Chaos mode at low level (10-30) , Like previous game you can reset officer data per Officer(Character)  so if you want to go back from level 150 to level 1 with one of ur Favorite Officer - that possibleInstead of equip item & level them Like in previous Dynasty warriors  you can Equip 4 Ability (Perk) and can swap of them in middle of game to fit the flow of the battle leveling it up can be a Grind fest and tedious but it for all Officer they also can all ride Elephant and Bear and Horse in Free mode given you Found them in Ambition mode9/10 Empire Mode now ! FOR 10/10"
,Recommended,278080,24565252,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sabu,"As good as the classics, ambition mode is cool, but starts out slow.So many characters not to mention waifus"
,Recommended,278080,12248916,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,OctoChan,"The last DW game I played was 3, so I was blown away by the amount of content and level of improvement on display here.  Being able to mow through huge legions of enemies is incredibly therapeutic, It's kind of grindy, but having character levels shared between game types eases the grind a little, and earned bonuses can be shared between characters, so your always earning something useful for the long term.Try to stay away from the $200 of DLC..."
,Recommended,278080,12167704,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The End Is Nigh,"I've been playing Dynasty Warriors since Dynasty Warriors 3, and I can say with ease that this is the most complete Dynasty Warriors experience out there.Previous Xtreme Legends games have effectively been stand alone varients from the main title, however with this you get the entirety of the core Dynasty Warriors 8 game plus all the new additions. It's such a good deal.Just a few things to consider:- Don't buy unless you have a controller. The Keyboard controls are hideous.- Don't bother with the DLC unless you really want those skins. It's all cosmetic stuff and in my opinions overpriced, but they don't add anything to the gameplay so you don't miss out from not having the DLC.- Online multiplayer is not a thing, despite the it being in the console versions. There is split screen coop but nothing more at this point in time.Those aside, whether you're a Warriors series veteran or looking to try your first Warriors game, DW8XL is a great buy."
76561198088797862,Recommended,278080,27310960,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FyneLyne,"Greetings, this will be my first actual review of any game. Bear with my inexperience and let us all guide the land to A NEW FU-....!No,shut up Liu Bei. Grow your moustache back before showing your face on the internets!Hello all ! Lemme first start of by telling you that I have been a fan of the Warriors series (Samurai, Dynasty and Orochi) by the same developers for about 7 years now. So lemme just assure this to fellow fans of the series. This game is right at home among the other games. Just graphically superior and Liu Bei is even more annoying now. Now for rest of you,kiddies....Pros- Rush of adrenaline as your scythe your way through 1000's of normal enemies till your fight an officer. I kid you not. 1k KOs per each stage, I promise you.- Game set in romanticised ancient China. A refreshing setting to be sure.- Hypothetical maps which can be unlocked if you against the historical facts and fulfill certain conditions.- Ambition mode, higher difficulties and weapons collection adds to a lot of replayability.- Pick up and play style of game. Very easy to get into and get out in 10 mins time.- FINALLY A LU BU CAMPAIGN!Cons-Ambition mode is grindy. Very much so.- No straight forward descrtiption  on how to complete optional challenges for the stages. Alt-tabbing to a WIki (or the logical equivalent) very much needed.- Ranged weapon attacks (knives and Lianshii's) suck unless upgraded.- Weapon Fusion is more costly now and requires 'Gems' instead of money. Which you will receive from slogging through Ambition mode. Speakin of which...- Ambition Mode is a pain to play continuosly through. Enemies just get tankier, requiring more time.- No way to bring a horse into Story Mode unless you play certain characters.- A CONTROLLER IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST! Doesnt matter which (i use a cheap 4$ gamepad,I should know!)In SummaryFans of the series have nothing to fear. BUY THE GAMEHowever, if the rest of you desire high skill gameplay, accurate history and very involving storylines, better search elsewhere.Thanks for Reading!"
,Recommended,278080,29865146,Posted: 11 February,all,hentai senpai,"I absolutely love DW, it has been a major part of my childhood. Great game, worth the amount of hours I put it. Could be better if game could be based on individual character storylines like DW5, instead of just the storylines of the different forces."
,Recommended,278080,12382396,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Duke Magus,"Fast paced action, hordes of enemies, engaging historical background and almost one hundred characters.The gameplay might het a little repetitive, but still, it's an excellent game to relieve stress.Strongly recommend, both for Musou/Warriors series' fans and newcomers alike"
76561198086135482,Recommended,278080,10215499,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Elaeis Guineensis,"I have play it. Really good. Pursuing Lu Bu is the most interest part, when palying this for the first time, always die, but really fun. Recommend it.But, KOEI need to update the game to add some feature likes Co-op Online or retexture to PS4 port."
,Recommended,278080,10197670,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Rosary,MUSOU SMASH. GOTY UNTIL SAMURAI WARRIORS 4 COMES OUT. MASH. IT. UP.
76561198018005456,Recommended,278080,34916908,Posted: 13 September,all,xDarkReaperx,"One of the best musou games I played so far!Even though it is pretty repetetive, it never gets old, to just crush everyone in your way, especially with characters like Lu Bu, Lu Linqui and Zhao Yun (and some others).This overwhelming feeling of being unstoppable is what makes these kinds of games so great imo and DW8 Xtreme Legends does a very good job with it.The graphics is decent, character modells look good, the environment not so much.The port isn`t bad either (could be better though).Considering, there is a lot of content in the game, it`s definately worth the money, if you`re into musou games!"
,Recommended,278080,11522392,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,⎛⎝®∞†z⎠⎞™,My hand is getting tired of pressing X and Y....And nv ever pursue lu bu!!!!
,Not Recommended,278080,10624154,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"Avery, Tiny Goat","This game would be getting the thumbs up if controller mapping actually worked, but attempting to configure a controller with the controller plugged in makes the game lock up.that and the keyboard-only character and camera controls (that's right, no mouse cam) literally make you feel like you're attempting to figure out how to fly a plane in mid-air with no experience1/10"
,Recommended,278080,11914138,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Swordz,"Swinging oversized weapons - check.Vanquishing hordes of enemies while listening to awesome musics - check.That inspiring oriental asian flavour - check.Stages. Lots and lots of stages with additional objectives and whatnot - check...Partial historical plausibility you can boast about to your friends so they will think you are actually clever - checkCan pursue Lu Bu and die a glorious death - CHECK!Really, how can you wish for anything else from a game of today? Just go and buy it. NOW.10/10, would pursue again"
,Recommended,278080,16518586,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DigitallyRemixd,"This game is perfect for those days when you wake up and say.......""You know what, i feel like obliterating thousands of enemies with my paint brush."""
,Recommended,278080,30244891,Posted: 28 February,all,tf2probitchboy,Killed half of China by pressing K
,Recommended,278080,34647919,Posted: 31 August,all,✪TKSGYT✪,Amazing Game. Kind of sad how short Lu Bu's Story is but still amazing. I wish though Lu Bu's Story was like in Dynasty Warriors 6 where in Haulo Gate he faced the whole allied Forces including Dong Zhuo.
,Recommended,278080,16655922,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bison Zabi,"Ben ""The Enternal Musou"" Garrison: ""You know, I've done my fair share of genocide during the years. But this Lu Bu fellow, I could go homo for him despite his race. He's like a kindred spirit and enjoys the fine sweet orgas mic smell of human corpses by the millions while sitting down relaxing with a cold refreshing Pepsi Nex. He's definitely a distant second to me, but that's an honor in itself. I give this game ∞/6,000,000"""
,Recommended,278080,11279922,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"Dynasty Warriors is the ultimate ""I liked it but..."" game. That's the best way to describe it. On paper it's an awful series but there is just some satisfaction to the combat that the copycats have failed to capture. The whole game is a dreadful grind of repetition of the same few moves. Balancing comes wholly on the grind half of the board with enemies one-shotting you or your weapon, sharpened to a keen edge through hours of grind, juggling hapless ♥♥♥♥♥s forever without even the slightest danger of their retaliation. You will never get better or learn new skills. The best player does the same moves as the worst player. Only ever too easy or too hard, the game should not even be taken as an exercise where you could find a meaningful challenge. In fact, the difficulty levels are just there to scale the game up once your characters have leveled enough. Every boss enemy is a playable character so they all should be a rival fight and yet they are all just exercises of juggling and walking around their block.Sounds pretty dreadful, doesn't it?And yet... and yet. There's a certain satisfaction to it all. Hits feel right, the carnage you wreak on the battlefield feels right, the characters feel right, the story especially feels right. It's always been nothing but a beautiful song to the olden days. Mighty, valiant warriors, wise scholars, brilliant generals, fearless leaders, virtuous (And a few ruthless) maidens, battlefield comrades, tragic sacrifices, honor, glory, all the beautiful things about war. So conditioned are we to the relentless cynicism of the modern era that even Koei's often awkward adaptation of Chinese martial history feels like a shining relic of the chivalry society has forgotten. You don't spend a lot of time with any of these characters; the cast is far too huge to manage that, but each embodies their characteristics so well that you feel as if you have known these people for years. On a gut level, Dynasty Warriors will speak to you if you let it. Yes, it's goofy, it's light fare, but think about it. How rare, how truly rare is it to find something so unabashedly chivalrous, so unashamed in its elevation of heroism, so utterly devoid of this awful modern malaise we are all trapped in. To me, it shines so brightly and scratches an itch that has gone unaddressed for so long that I did not even know it needed scratching.With five different campaigns, each with a set of side missions and an alternate, non-historical path, a whole collection of missions for the various less important characters of the story, a whole separate mode where you fight randomly generated battles on the game's maps to support an ever-growing grind, challenge modes, free play modes where you can play as the either side in almost every story map with any character; each map and each side having its own challenge objectives and letter rating. The battles range from straightforward cake walks to strategists putting together clever ploys to desperate defenses to one man stands and, despite their simplicity, they manage to usually tell a story. There may be a lot of repetition here, but if you enjoy it, there is a LOT of game to consume.For the DW veteran from 4-5 or so, 8 ramps up the combat with rage modes, SUPER super moves, three whole super bars normally, ability to swap weapons, as in adopting the moveset of another character mid fight, and the like. Whereas 4-5 had the average enemy KO counter of 200 or so per map, here you'd be hard pressed to defeat under 500 people per map. Story will also level up unused members of your kingdom as they go so you can change characters without issue.For the port anxious, don't be. It runs perfectly well, I have had no issues. Some slight framerate drops, but, if that worries you, I've got some bad news: You're playing a Warriors game. Get used to it."
76561198054367561,Not Recommended,278080,34750711,Posted: 4 September,all,zeppeleptic_fit,"Good game and I'm a big fan of the series, but it's such a terrible port. I've experienced so many crashes. Plus, omg, the controller support - absolutely pathetic. Koei don't port a lot to PC and when they do it's usually garbage. I kind of get what they're doing though. You know when your parents asked you to do the dishes and you did a crap job of it so they'd stop asking you to do it? That's Koei's PC ports."
76561197983090340,Recommended,278080,32851796,Posted: 27 June,all,llenovo,"Fun gameplay, lots of content and the game works perfectly even on my low-end computer. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,278080,10176731,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Gnot Gnap,"Please enjoy this Chinese Dating Sim. You kill lots of generic chinese men to gain the affection of others. 10/10Also, Lu Bu."
,Not Recommended,278080,21303968,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,fofo808,"The first PC Musou port (counting Steam releases) and I'm willing to give Koei the benefit of the doubt that they didn't have a lot of experience with ports at the time but the port still has issues that need to be addressed. Those issues aside the game is a blast. 4 good storylines that are about 5-6 hours each, fun challenge mode and a ""Create your own Empire"" mode that I spent a good 40 hours on 100%ing. Nonetheless, here are the issues with the port:- PS3 port graphically instead of PS4- No controller button prompts- No online multiplayer (PS3 and PS4 versions have this)"
,Not Recommended,278080,10106529,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Alliedwar,"It's incredibly buggy and a pretty damn shoddy port of the PS3 version of the game, not PS4. With no online multiplayer and no real extra content I should've just purchased the PS3 version of the game.Oh and also it likes to crash... a lot."
,Recommended,278080,10105636,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cathellos,I do. Its looks good and play good.....But Koei where is my Online Coop!!!
,Recommended,278080,13726939,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,lostmidwesterner,"X...X..X.XXXX Awesome, I just slaughtered 2,000 soldiers with Lu Bu.  Now my work-related stress is released.I started playing Dynasty Warriors 3 on the PS2 and followed it through its iterations.  Finally that computer receives a version, that is not an online MOO.  With a controller it is just as good as it PS3 incarnation.The only issue that I have with the game is the 21 DLCs (as of this writing) which cost over 8 times as much as the game does.  With so many, I decided not to by any.  I found that it doesn’t hurt the overall quality of the game."
76561198143508466,Recommended,278080,27156724,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LoVeSoMeOn3,"nice history , good graphics"
76561198013398477,Recommended,278080,13729504,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Axle,Great Story and Gameplay10/10
,Recommended,278080,13676052,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zexion,Button Crasher
,Recommended,278080,13455646,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sei,"A very good game. 9/10I was not sure what to think at first for this game as it was suddenly given to me as a gift. I said to myself: ""eh, I'll try it"", and I was not disappointed.At first I agreed with the people who said that controllers are ""required"" to make this game bearable, but then one day I tried playing the game with just the keyboard. It's not that bad folks, it's actually refreshing for a change. The bad talk about playing with just the keyboard is all bull. You can't enjoy a game if you keep on being a stickler. If you're the type who complains about games having no mouse support then you're missing out on a lot of games, not just this one."
76561198069152483,Recommended,278080,13584416,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kazuki Hakkai,"Not for everyone, if you love killing stuff and leveling up and repeating the same thing with 100's of characters like me. This is the game for you.Update (March 3, 2015): After leveling up all characters to decent levels. I gave a try to story mode. I like how there is branching but the story feels empty. Cutscenes are not like previous DW and I feel most of them are downright stupid now and just made to put it in there."
,Recommended,278080,13206772,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Taufik_Rhex,This is dynasty warriors!!! thats all i can say ahahah
76561197967244540,Recommended,278080,13686242,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RinValak,"Check it out if you liked Dynasty Warriors 5 and prior. It's more of what you loved, with some extras and updated graphics.Personally I play this with a friend split-screen, PS3 controllers, and Japanese voice setting.Rating: B+"
,Recommended,278080,13583395,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,iQQsohard,"Want to be a warlord, but don't live in Africa? This is the perfect game for you then. It isn't called Genocide Simulator for nothing."
,Recommended,278080,12047968,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,OneClip,"Simply amazing, a must have for any DW fan. New unexpected story lines, and anywhere from way too easy, to ridiculously hard difficulty settings."
,Recommended,278080,16329995,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Frost,"Awesome game! Been a fan of the series since my first play! (which was DW 4), there are many custom versions of the game (like Gundam musou, one piece musou, orochi etc) made by Koei too, but I still think the original version is still the best version! Especially this one! Love it!!!"
,Recommended,278080,14522898,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,miso~,lu lingqi is bae
76561198058333683,Recommended,278080,13762642,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TrueManaBeast,"I have played the Dynasty Warriors series starting with 4 and watched it develop with slight modifications and improvements along the way.  This is another one of those times adding to the game but in good ways. I enjoy the bodyguard skill and management abilites they can be a life saver at times.  Also the updated blacksmith options in ambition mode are a nice touch giving you much greater freedom in designing your weapon, assuming you have the gems to do it.  The game is silly and mindless alot of times but it has a certain charm to it is you liked any of the other ones in the series you should pick this one up."
76561198070352673,Recommended,278080,14641650,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Playback,Really fun game ^^
,Recommended,278080,26059390,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Ornias Abezethibou,"Best Dynasty Warriors game I've played to date and I've played almost every single one. Ambition mode is expansive and long, not to mention the vast amount of story mode stages, including the awesome fantasy ones. I highly reccomend this game to anyone, even if you've never played a Dynasty Warriors game before!"
76561198213493824,Recommended,278080,33093352,Posted: 1 July,all,Hiroshi,:3
76561198060607604,Recommended,278080,13857230,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,(♠)Maaya(♥),さて、ひとつ暴れてくるとしよう……
76561198314714495,Recommended,278080,33798288,Posted: 25 July,all,NightHunterElite,"+ Several new characters to play as+ Hypothetical storylines add replay value+ Fun local multiplayer (Which is rare when it comes to pc games)+ Any character can use any weapon+ The game is very stable, no crashes so far- $50 is far too expensive. $30 or under is about rightFor those concerned about controller support, don't be. It works just fine. Just map the controller buttons via the options menu, and everything will turn out peachy. Also, remember that this game uses the Japanese button system, so ""X"" is confirm, and ""A"" is back. This becomes a non-issue very quickly."
,Recommended,278080,13579791,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Good game! There are some flaws such as the DLCs cost even more than the game itself which is supposed to be a complete edition but other than that, the game is really amazing, the Japanese voices DLC is free so you can play the game with either Japanese or English voices.Of course, It is not as better as the previous ones but I still don't see why the hate is for, it's still a really great game, not a so great port but it gets the job done.Also, the game can be pretty easy even on maximum difficulty, yes you die easily but you just have to attack them first, you could win a game on hardest difficulty while being level 1 with a weak weapon, the only problem is that it will takes you a lot of time because you'll be doing barely any damages to your foes but if you do know how to play this game you'll never get hit and let me tell you that It is pretty easy to not get hit, a little too much In my opinion.I recommand it to any fans of Dynasty Warriors, Warriors Orochi, Beat 'em up games and to the people who love the Japanese environment/China era.7.5/10Note: Port is utterly crap, certainly not a PC game."
76561198052647352,Recommended,278080,13560459,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wolfie-san,"Couldn't persue Lu Bu, because I was Lu Bu. :pOkay to be honest, this is the first time I ever picked up a Dynasty Warriors game for myself here. I only knew about the series due to a friend of mine. Also, now wondering if they will ever post up any Warriors of Orochi on Steam anytime soon now."
,Recommended,278080,13208269,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mortis,"Tons of character variety within the admittedly repetitive Dynasty Warriors framework. Plenty of hours of fun without ever worrying about DLC. A bunch of janky nonsensical subsystems, but again, that's just DW. A great installment of the series."
76561198385587381,Recommended,278080,34948469,Posted: 14 September,all,masvinpang497,gokijii
,Recommended,278080,12183872,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Banjooie,"look do you like hitting thingsdo you like hitting a /lot/ of things, with a variety of weaponsliterally dropped nearly 90 hours into this, ain't even mad"
,Recommended,278080,32908685,Posted: 27 June,all,Arcana,Good game
,Recommended,278080,32952630,Posted: 28 June,all,T24.Yameteh,Nice. But better if we don't need to pay to get all the DLC for those stuff.
76561198006554328,Recommended,278080,17730203,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,alad,"This game is a hell lot of fun. This is one of the best hack n slash games if ever played. You easily knock in one battle minimum 100 enemies out. (You can play the campaign to learn a bit of chinese history) I am not sure if the story of the game is really true so...You can too play in a mode were you choose one Hero and build up a town. You think how this is no SimCity or any of the other simulation, the answer is easy and very logical through battles. Through battles you gain ressources, allies or fame. (Fame is important for how much allies you can have, allies are important for building your village up you have a allies cap on buildings you need ... allies to build that, and second allies are useful in battles as body guard or generals)And you have the arcade levels hack n slash mode, where you hack as much as possible in a limited time on a small map.The level cap is 150 and you have tons of characters, which means you can play that game possibly to 1000 hours and up. I think it`s rather possibly that it`s repetitive gameplay bores you before you go through but it`s really good for couch coop.PS.WARNINGyou will have a few technicall difficulties in game like the game won`t star but thankfully there is already a solution for this in the internet."
,Recommended,278080,13450311,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Kite Man,I won the war by beating everyone using a giant brush.15/10
76561198173121666,Recommended,278080,32912942,Posted: 27 June,all,Zelgadis29,U PLAY AS LU BU 10/10
,Recommended,278080,29000178,Posted: 4 January,all,BlackFilter,"I'm a bit disapointed that the game does not support xbox360 controllers. I should have checked the review first before buying. Even if you play via Big Picture, game says it is played heavily with keyboard and mouse (even tho mouse has no use in this game). There's even no controller icon on game's picture. The controller support is just a downer but everything else is fine. I'll still recommend it but only if you will play this game with keyboard."
,Recommended,278080,10765589,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Semple,"Very well made game and a very significant improvement over the last Dynasty Warriors game I had played (DW6). The storylines are very nice and well done, However I also feel that they could have been longer as many battles were missing. The Ambition mode is a very nice addition that really could use some expanding next time to allow for more things to be done with your camp. Like, maybe put the ambition mode camp combined with Empires play style?As for the graphics, I think they are fantastic. Many have said it lives between PS3 and PS4, but that doesnt really matter as they are still very good. I think they did a very good job with the female characters as well.Good:- Graphics- Game Play- Story- Ambition Mode- There are some very cute things. Such as some female outfits and Fox Animals.- Lu Bu's DaughterBad:- Controller setup is not user-friendly. Takes a good 10-20 minutes to understand how it works. It does not auto-detect what kind of controller you are using. (Using an Xbox 360)- Keybinding. Some of the keybinding is very iffy and hard to follow. Such as the keys for menus and their mapped equivalents for controllers.- Its not Empires.- There is not an Empire version (yet) I can play as Lu Bu's DaughterThis game is well worth it if you enjoy button mashers and wrecking thousands of enemies. I hope that they will bring DW8: Empires to steam shortly after the Playstation release!"
,Recommended,278080,11400683,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Jasperledd,"dynasty warriors 8 is a dynasty warriors game. hack and slash, if your not a fan of the franchise you probably wont like this game, but if you do like the frianchise, then it is a great gamewhat better way to let out anger then to kill thousands of people like it slicing butter. and this time, they followed the romance of the three kingdoms story alot more then usual. with plenty of characters and battle style to choose fromit also has a innovative and fun mode called ambision mode. where you must build your own castle doing missions.overall, its a very fun game and i recommend it strongly"
76561198071494895,Recommended,278080,13788524,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dang,>Complete Edition>$190 worth of DLC not included
76561197997030266,Recommended,278080,12648090,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Teal Spectre,"A quite enjoyable game. You can easily loose a couple hours just mowing through waves of enemies and meeting those special requirements for the 5th and 6th tier weapons is a lot of fun. Story is pretty much the same as previous Dynasty Warriors games, though the diffrent level designs and new charcters makes it a fresh experince in each itteration."
,Recommended,278080,33324392,Posted: 6 July,all,Coffer,Who knew beating the crap out of Liu Bei could be so much fun?
,Recommended,278080,10983661,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jesus Melon,Great game however not worth the £20 if you're not a fan of this type of game
,Recommended,278080,11299593,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,TOG | -Silveras-,This game brings back a lot of memories from the old days when I used to play it on XBOX. I highly recommend this game. Great fighting sequences and lots of battle. Not only that you get to learn about the history of the dynasties of China. All in all I give this 5 out of 5 rubber duckies.
76561198048568020,Recommended,278080,10612464,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gallifrasian,"As a long time fan of the DW series, this is one of my favorites, and I've only played a few hours!  The game runs smoothly on my Lenovo Y500 with dual cards.  My only issue was the control mapping.  It was weirdly placed and it took a while to get used to.  I don't remember the previous DW games having a weird control scheme like this one, but I found a comfortable adjustment which I'll write below to help others (I use an Xbox 360 remote).  It would also be nice to see controller buttons rather than keyboard buttons on the screen when using a gamepad.Graphics:  9/10 (I see people complaining about graphics, but this is the norm for DW games.  They could have probably improved it though, especially with it being a PC port)Gameplay comfort:  9/10 (This is a mass murder game, so I rate gameplay by comfortable transitions/synchronization)Content:  10/10 so far.  From what I've seen, this game has hours upon hours of epic game time, just like it's predecessors.  It also has a bunch more characters than I'm used to, which is a huge plus.  Each having different skins/recolors is just icing on the cake.  Weapons are diverse and there's a ton of choice.  Abilities/passive stats are plenty and easy to understand.  Game types are simple to get a hold of and the story so far is about on par with the other DW games.Really the only thing I feel it's lacking right now is online co-op.  Local co-op is awesome, but online mode would be better.Now for the 360 controller mapping:X- Basic AttackY- Strong AttackB- JumpA- Special MoveStart- MenuSelect- Map view switchLeft analog click- Horse callI also adjusted the camera movement/look to the right analog stick, which was weirdly placed as the left and right trigger.  I kept everything else the same.  This also frees up the left and right triggers for your own purposes.  Pause doesn't seem to work for me.  Of course you should adjust it to fit your needs, but I found this set up leagues better than the default.  More natural and it makes the A button the ""select"" and B button the ""return"", which made it easier to navigate menus.Overall I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,278080,10515540,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Snik,"If you want to be personally accountable for killing thousands upon thousands of foes by the force of your weapon's swing in ridiculous fashion, this is the game for you. One guy carries a friggin boat with sharpened blade edges as his melee weapon. It does get very repetitive, but you don't play this game to be challenged that much. It's more of a zen/relaxing experience."
76561198044858942,Recommended,278080,10957511,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Snickers (Fun Size),"Good game, not really good port, still fun, still playing."
76561198094481234,Recommended,278080,10200712,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mr.Viscosity187,i hope they made online co-op
,Recommended,278080,10814982,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tunk,"Kill thousands of weaklings, but never the leaders."
76561198124263731,Recommended,278080,11747165,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Beelzebub,I have been a dynasty warriors fan since i was 4 and my first game was dynasty warriors 4. I have loved them all (except 6) and this is no exception. This one is  great for both old and new fans to get into and i recomend it!
,Recommended,278080,11719173,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,dank kushrenada,"The latest edition of Koei's historically accurate action game, set in the tumultuous years following the decline of the Han Dynasty.  If you have played any of the previous titles, this game will probably seem at least somewhat familiar.  Deploy a general, tactician, or otherwise noteworthy character from the Romance of 3 Kingdoms, and rampage across the battlefield, taking out hundreds of grunts, officers, and bosses along the way.  This particular title takes a sort of ""best of both worlds"" approach to the gameplay, implementing the weapon change and element system of DW7 while also giving every character a unique weapon set like earlier titles--that way, you can either play the characters with their EX weapons, or mix and match for your favorite combination.Gameplay modes are mostly bog standard for the (x) Warriors series.  All four kingdoms -- Wei, Wu, Shu, and Jin -- have a Musou (story) mode route that mostly follows the progression of the plot of Rot3K, joined by the Lu Bu story mode from Xtreme Legends; and a set of stages for unaffiliated forces such as Dong Zhuo, Yuan Shao, etc.  The XL expansion stages for every kingdom are included, as well.  Within the story mode, you are limited to a set group of characters for each stage; after beating each stage, however, you can play using any character in free mode.  Along with story mode and free play is a Challenge Mode, using set characters to clear one of five different goals.  And each story mode includes extra stages and a special path split, activated by meeting certain goals in each stage.  Usually, this amounts to preventing major characters from dying as they did in the original story.The last mode is Ambition Mode, in which you build up your own base and army.  Within Ambition Mode, you choose your main officer and engage in a variety of timed battles, where you collect materials for upgrading buildings and forging weapons; as well as battling named officers.  The officers you defeat join your forces, and can be used as bodyguards and as playable characters, if they are one of the many major characters in-game.Graphically, this game is a mixed bag.  Parts of it closely resemble the Complete Edition released on PS4.  The playable officer models are quite detailed, and have been noticibly touched up compared to the original 360/PS3 editions of this game.  However, level textures and NPC's have not gotten the same treatment; the latter is especially obvious in a few cutscenes, where you can see just how murky and unrefined the skins are on the normal mooks.  Generally, though, it's not going to be extremely obvious due to the pace of gameplay.  Nonetheless, it does seem like they may have skimped a bit on the graphical touch-ups compared to the next-gen console re-release; no real reason why they didn't go full bore.  At the time I'm reviewing this, the game only includes the English voice track, which is missing intermission narration and voice-overs outside of cutscenes; the Japanese track has yet to be released as DLC.  Given how Koei has handled this on console, this will likely be released as a free update or free DLC in the near future.Other than that, the other major issue with the game is a lack of multiplayer outside of split-screen local MP.  The lack of online co-op is confusing, given that the console versions DO have online play; hopefully this will be changed in a later update.DW8XL is overall the best game in the series available on PC right now, and among the best Warriors games, period, second maybe to Warriors Orochi 3.  There's a pretty good return on investment in terms of play time.  Five story modes, each with a branching path for the second half; a couple dozen more extra stages from the Xtreme Legends addon; and as a nice time-killer in Ambition Mode, all mean that there's plenty of stuff to keep you busy."
76561198117397477,Recommended,278080,12471169,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cody,"Fun game to play in my opinion, i love the grapics and a great story mode. The only problem i have in this game is Lu bu ..."
,Recommended,278080,25960000,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,"I love the artworks , BGM and that's what we love from DW series , right ?"
,Recommended,278080,16491451,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,LunaRadeon,Great Red Spirit Ost wil be always the best OST from dynasty warrior 5 :)
,Recommended,278080,16470761,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gudako: Gacha Gacha Gacha,"Reasons why this version is so marvelous:1. Improvement in combo system. The current rage system is so much better than the one in DW6.2. More varieties in weapons! Love the fact that I could give a weapon to every character.3. Waifu overload! (I call dibs on Wang Yuanji and Lu Lingqi!)4. Cao Cao being Cao Cao.5. Sima Yi's laugh.6. Lu Bu's theme gives me the adrenaline rush.What I don't like about this game:1. Shu's ""muh benevolence..."" Just shut the ♥♥♥♥ up!2. Wu's pyromaniacal tendencies: even worse after Zhu Ran joins the party.3. Lu Bu doesn't have enough minions in his own storyline!Final verdict: 7.8/10 too many enemies"
76561198300122269,Recommended,278080,27943820,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mty_2006,great game i can't wait to see the next title
,Recommended,278080,13412785,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,TheDanaAddams,"Dynasty Warriors is great.If you've played a Warriors game before, you will know exactly what you're in for.If you're new to the series, expect fast-paced action as your hero slices through whole armies with ridiculously over-the-top attacks and combos.Follow objectives, capture territory, win the battle, and move on to the next one. Level up your warriors, collect better weapons... there really isn't a whole lot of complexity to the underlying system. It's just fun.Story-wise, the game can be considered Historical Fan-Fiction. I love this.Based on the history of Three Kingdoms-era China, you play as real (though fictionalised) historical figures, and take part in historical battles.Beyond this, the story delves into ""Alternate Universe"" Fan Fiction in ""what if"" scenarios, where the outcome of one battle is altered somehow, changing many events that occurred after.It's an absolutely HUGE game, and will keep you playing for HUNDREDS of hours.The characters are, as I mentioned, fictionalised versions of real historical figures. And since these people literally lived CENTURIES ago, some details are sparse.Let's be clear, though, this game has NO shortage of playable characters. No less than 83 playable heroes are at your disposal.Unfortunately, since it is based on historical accounts, and - as we all know - history is pretty bloody sexist, women are a little underrepresented. However, they ARE doing a pretty good job with what they have to work with! For example: Historical accounts of Lu Lingqi are practically nonexistent, as far as I know, and they've made her a pretty cool character. Hopefully they can expand on her in the next game.Wang Yi is the best, though. Just saying.What I am LESS pleased with, however, is K-T's incredible exploitation of DLC.To buy it all will cost you more than the base game, for crying out loud! I really feel like they're charging too much, but new costumes for 83 characters is no small feat... and hardly essential to the experience.I really just take issue with K-T's constant squeezing of their players for every cent they're worth, with the DLC.Despite that, I would go so far as to call this one of my favourite games ever.Highly recommended."
76561198049049570,Recommended,278080,13542149,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TinyTwisty,I grow tired of your presence.
76561198096578850,Recommended,278080,28737249,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PERK,What you see is what you get. Do you like other Dynasty games? This adds some nice features like the weapon types. Do you hate Dynasty games? This won't change your mind.
,Recommended,278080,28662399,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kace,best dynasty warrior ever
76561197982775735,Recommended,278080,17040678,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,RedFX,Still waiting a real challenge.
76561198013756278,Recommended,278080,14509889,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Monando,"Alright, as a Dynasty Warriors fan, this is the best DW game in a while. For people who say  that it's a ripoff because ""Complete Edition with blabla DLC's""; well, Koei did screw up with the name, but it means that the original DW 8 game, alongside the Xtreme Legends expansion come in in one game, instead of getting them separately to transfer data, etc. So you get the Story mode of the 3 Kingdoms alongside extra stages and the Lu Bu storyline, alongside Ambition Mode (with a revamped post game) and Challenge Mode (it's not hard but it entertains for an hour or so if you want some achievements).Overall, the Story is great, for people who kow it and people who are new to it, it does a good job explaining the events (Alas, i recommend the japanese voices, since the English ones don't feature a narrator or base conversations, only events and battle lines, which are still a lot, and better voiced than before, but well depends on one's tastes honestly)The Shu bias is slowly getting reduced, and every kingdom is amazing in its own right; the missions are great, with the option to pick around 2-3 or even 4 characters per stage for every kingdom, it allows for more characters to shine, and provide more variety in mission objectives. To put an example for longtime fans, at the Battle of Chibi, if one were to play Huang Gai or Han Dang, you get to the Fire Boat, and well, get all the fun; if playing Sun Shangxiang you get to protect Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang while waiting for the wind direction to change for the fire attack to happen, and so on. Which makes it even more interesting on split screen, having 2 people go to different locations to spice things up more.Alongside the new Hyphotetical objectives to unlock the Hypo route of each faction, it just makes the already good Story Mode, get a lot of replay value, and opens up some interesting scenarios, and gives some characters who don't make the cut in the historical route have some spotlight; though it's not perfect, but no real complaints as it just adds more to the already extensive campaign. (I am looking at you, Shu final hyphotetical stage, for putting in Zhuge Liang and Zhao Yun instead of letting us play as the 3 bros Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei alongside Liu Bei)The Ambition Mode is an entertaining mode for fighting skirmishes against the cast of the game, recruiting allies, gaining fame and materials to build a massive building to welcome the Emperor and become known throughout the land; a bit silly but it makes for a good inmersive experience when you don't wanna spend time repeating stages on free mode and you rather just fight for the go of it; this mode also allows to build facilities based on your expansion which will benefit the entire game, such as increasing the weapons a blacksmith can make, or fusion weapons to get the best out of the skillset they have, get animals, increase exp, many options are here to keep the player going, alongside the obvious fun that is beating the 3 kingdom founders and Lu Bu to join whoever your character you are using's cause, it is better than the conquest mode in DW7, of that much i am certain, it also allows 2 player coop.The gameplay well, it's dynasty warriors, sure it's a ""button masher"" but there is so much depth into it, more to it than what we give credit for, each character being favored by different abilities, such as shadow sprint (cancel strong attack with normal to continue the chain), Dive (lets you escape easier), Whirlwind (more dmg when enemies are sent flying), and Dash (midair jump or cancel an attack into a forward hop); and that's not even counting the different effects of each weapon, which can vary from increasing musou (special attack) power, to increase the raw power of it, to slow enemies, to grant more dmg the longer your chain is, etc. With the double weapon system, alongside the 3 elements (Man-Heaven-Earth) which is a rock-paper-scissors mechanic which grants advantages or disadvantages, resulting in various possibilities out of a well timed switch attack that could become a switch counter when the odds are against you, or a powerful storm rush when you make good use of your advantage; so many mechanics, alongside the musou system which grants 2 ground musous and an air one, each character benefitting differently from the properties of their own moveset; sword fighters usually have good air musous to keep the chain, while other hard hitting characters' air musou sends everyone flying, while having a grab ground musou, and so much more. The gameplay, the most important part of this type of games, is well made, and allows more some good strategic parts, whether to go all out or hit and run depends on how one wants to play, enemies on hard and above are bound to give the player a challenge, specially if underleveled, trust me on this.And the OST (Soundtrack) is...well, all Warriors games have awesome soundtrack, but this one is just GOD DAMNOk, sorry about that,  you get a new Soundtrack, with Battle of Chibi (both historical and hyphotetical), Hefei, Fan Castle, Wuzhang Plains and well, the Lu Bu route soundtrack being hands down one of the best i heard; oh and if you are not satisfied....long time DW fans are in for a surprise for the Hyphotetical routes of the stages which play some well known songs, which i won't spoil for you :DAlas, but it's not perfect obviously, when it comes to the pc release, we got cut off the online multiplayer and the ps4 graphics, the latter not being that bad, but the other one can be a deal breaker for people who looked to play online with friends, (hoping DW8 empires fixes this) but why am i recommending this version? Well if you get it in a sale like i did, you get PS3 textures but with custom resolution, you also get to select how many enemies you can get on screen, and on PC oh my, it's terrific; and all the waves of enemies falling before you go at 60 fps pretty much all the time, even when events like fire attacks happen, which used to be the main cause of slowdown in consoles, it's fixed in the pc version and runs perfectly, which of course makes it AMAZING to play split screen with a Friend; I still remembered how bad it was in the PS2 and how little it improved in PS3/PS4 but this version was made for local coop, it runs amazing, and this shows how much potential Warrior games have if Koei made a perfect release.I say this is a good 1st try since Dynasty Warriors 6; and i hope to see more DW games coming to PC and making full use of it's capabilities, the game is amazing, although it does have shortcomings; but Warriors fans having a huge amount of content to look forward into, and newcomers have plenty of mechanics to memorize if you wanna be a True Warrior of the 3 Kingdoms, without spamming Lu Bu's  buffs, which i remind you to not pursue on Hulao Gate, just in case.Overall Good Experience and sets a good stone for future Warriors games, 8.5 don't let people who are butthurt over lack of online and that claim that hurr hurr DLC; which is not necessary, it adds a couple of stages which well, should cater to longtime Warriors fans as it brings back maps from classic games, (which pro players use to grind on Ultimate since they are hard), and some prototype weapons which would be later chosen to be used in DW8 Empires to change the weapons of some characters, costumes and the like are not necessary, and the game already has huge content by itself.Mechanics are well instructed in the game, but you can always look up a guide, so no need to be afraid, wheter you are a long time fan or you wanna inmerse yourself in the Era of the 3 Kingdoms, this is one of the best experiences you can get; and if you want online, get the console version, they are just as enjoyable.Also Lu Lingqi, jesus, Lu Bu's daughter, such a badass, Koei give this woman a spotlight in your next game dammit."
76561198087857953,Recommended,278080,14966399,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MrEstonian,"Best to play with a controller. This brings me back to playing Dynasty Warriors on the PS2. The game is fun, and you feel like a badass all the while."
76561198064262580,Recommended,278080,14558122,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,theelir239,Love it
,Recommended,278080,33168632,Posted: 2 July,all,Ocsquare,Dynasty Warriors?More like Dynasty Waifus (or Husbandos)
,Recommended,278080,11300834,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Khelpa,Do you have autism? Here you go
,Recommended,278080,10582797,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kilroy,I murdered thousands of men with a boat and surfed on their corpses.10/10 Pursue this game.
,Recommended,278080,20039489,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Krios,"Reminds me of old playstation times. The controls are a bit funky, think they could made it easier, but i still love it."
76561198058541039,Recommended,278080,21549302,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Enju,"Want playability? Want value? Want to kill a lot of time and wonder where it all went?LOOK NO FURTHER..... I'm still going strong.... I don't know where the hell the time went but it's been worth it.I only just recently realized.... you can FIGHT AS THE OPPOSITE SIDE IN THE FIGHTS YOU WIN, YOU CAN PLAY BOTHHHHH *In free play*.... Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ My entire dynamics have just changed dramatically. MY GOD..... Senpai, more."
76561198067638558,Recommended,278080,34468628,Posted: 24 August,all,[G][Dragon],Great step from empire that complete♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros-Great story can cause some sad moments-Good amount of stages but they sold the DLC for other stages bad move KOEI-Weapons are good and have final 6 star weapons then previous empire garbage-Alot of character to playCons-Alot of things are behind a paywall-Can get boring-TERRIBLE CONTROLS no mouse support WARNING-Unlock final weapons takes alot of grinding level and good weapons-Coop is a joke-Content is a mehOverall- A solid game if you like the franchise PLEASE DO NOT BOTHER WITH THE EMPIRE that one is a rush game get this version you are getting your money worth here
,Recommended,278080,14420613,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ketheres,"You want a game that lets you be an unstoppable ball of fury, yet is able to provide you with the hardest of challenges? Then this is a game for you: on the easiest difficulties literally nothing can stop you, and your kill counts climb to astronomical amounts due to mowing down armies by yourself. On the hardest... You're a peasant armed with a rake (actually a pretty good weapon in-game) and you must face up to an entire army... Whose officers are superhumans.An additional bonus to the flexible difficulty is the fact that you can have a weapon of almost any kind (from blades and bows to yo-yos and boats) and the attacks can be pretty crazy. Only problem is that the DLC's are on the expensive side.All in all: 9/10."
,Not Recommended,278080,11754268,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Drenicite,"I'm a self confessed die hard Dynasty Warrios fan, but this is such a poor attempt at a port.I used a PS4 control and the DS4 tool to enable me to play games with it but DW8 is the only game where this doesn't seem to work properly, there's a huge amount of input lag making it difficult to combo targets. Another major problem for the game is the field of view, I feel the camera is far too close to your character, combined with the map taking us a good chunk of screen space I find myself blindly attacking towards arrows and hoping the hits are landing.Basically if you want this game stick to the consoles, there was no effort put into this port."
,Recommended,278080,16489027,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[BVS] 5COPY,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS NOT THE PS4 VERSION, NOR DOES IT SUPPORT MOUSE CONTROL, AND IS BASICALLY ONLY PLAYABLE WITH A CONTROLLER. DON'T EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS FOR IT'S FULL PRICE.Nevertheless though when you come around all that it's actually pretty fun and is worth a shot in case you're in need of your daily dose of anime stylized Romance Of The Three Kingdom mass genicide simulator. Just don't expect a good port of any sort though. I've seen Visual Novels with more settings and PC compatiability, which is just sad."
,Recommended,278080,11293580,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,DDRJake,Just the Guan Du simulator a nobleman like myself needs.
,Not Recommended,278080,30353607,Posted: 6 March,all,nerowski,"I would maybe be able to recommend this game if I hadn't played Dynasty Warriors 4, and I might be remembering DW4 too fondly, but I would recommend that people go play that game instead. While I like the way skills are leveled up in this iteration and liked the rare many-affix weapons, the battles feel too bland and like they involve less strategy than DW4 did. The dual weapons and options to use any weapon in the game are neat for people who are into that, but being able to use any character's weapon dilutes each character's identity to me. And I have low expectations for the story in games like this, but I wouldn't be surprised if this game's was written by an elementary school student.But the biggest issue is the difficulty. It felt like the options were to either have the game be boringly easy (to the point of killing enemy officers using normal attacks from a horse because it was so easy to do so) or to have it be challenging but mostly just frustrating because you die in a few hits. I'm sad to see what became of this series."
,Not Recommended,278080,11396484,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,RaQin,"None of the reviews from gaming sites/blogs below are in  reference to the PC version. Until this game is patched, it is not worth your time or money.Far too many bugs plague this release, coupled with poor controller support and no 16:10 monitor support at all; it is a travesty that it is associated with such a fine/fun series. As it stands this port was designed with as little effort as possible...it is even worse than Dead Souls: Prepare to Die Edition.When KOEI TECMO starts working on the bug-list in earnest, I will recant and post a positive review. It is not worth your money  for now...you have been warned!(Note: my gamepads don't even work; and they do on every other one or my games)"
,Recommended,278080,16430936,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Noble Phantasm,"Killed the entire ennemy army with Lu bu, still had to ""flee""10/10 would play the strongest man who has ever lived again !"
,Recommended,278080,32834162,Posted: 26 June,all,Vue19EC|<,get it and get ready for DW9
76561198064284846,Not Recommended,278080,10602537,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tofu Hero,Sorely disappointed. What use to be interesting battles with a dash of strategy and challenge has become reptetive with enemies that have insane amounts of hit points instead of interesting combos that should be avoided. Dynasty Warriors simply tapped out at #4 and has only gone downhill since then.
76561198060314446,Recommended,278080,29828274,Posted: 10 February,all,SorryImNew,I just wiped out half of China with one Rage Musou attack.How is that not awesome.69/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,278080,12215174,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Anal Mayonaise,"Summary: Terrible as a game, fantastic as an interactive story. Buy this when it's on special; hold your money otherwise. Gameplay Experience: 1/5. Story/Cinematic Experience: 5/5.The Good: The multimedia in this game is incredible! The graphics, the animations, the music, the cinematics... all of them specially crafted to provide an amazing immersive experience.The Bad: The gameplay is grossly primitive even by 1980s-1990s standards. 'Strong attacks' aren't 'strong' in the slightest, and yield far damage throughput than spamming regular attacks. The AI is also rather pathetic at all difficulty levels: troops and officers alike merely stand around, look at the enemy, randomly attack, and randomly defend. They didn't even bother pretending to make the combat between enemy groups realistic... instead, you'll often find troops mingling with one another as if they were in bumper cars, and officers are always playing lone wolf running around soloing enemy armies rather than fighting alongside their own troops. At the highest difficulty level, the game degenerates to a button smashing hack-and-slack, providing less of a challenge and more of a time waster towards meeting your objectives and advancing the story.The Ugly: Prior to this game, the last game in the series I played was Dynasty Warriors 4. There are barely if any changes or innovations from DW4 to DW8...  The gameplay mechanics are largely the same! And no, the three point system doesn't do much except provide a means of spamming switch-attacks for a virtually fool-proof way of beating the enemy. Oh! And let's talk about Ambition Mode for a moment... talk about the dumbest, cheesiest, greatest waste of a feature of any game in this day and age! The randomly generated maps are the pinnacle of generic gameplay. None of the buildings or their ranks do anything of any significance towards enhancing the gameplay experience. Honestly, you waste more time upgrading the buildings than you get back from their virtually non-existance benefits. Bodyguards are also pretty useless; again, their abilities take more time to initiate than you get back from their virtually non-existent benefits. (On that note, I'm disappointed that bodyguards aren't available in the story mode like they were in earlier titles of the series). Weapon upgrading is also a time consuming process that yields little returns: as a game where a two-year old could button smash his way to victory on the highest difficulty level, any weapon will do. Sure, better weapons will make the game go faster, but so would lowering the difficulty level since the challenge is the same, but without as much monotony and time wasting. Something else: this game recycles content like crazy! If you want, for example, to get all of the 5th and 6th weapons, you need to replay missions over and over again... story mode stages from different factions or hypothetical scenarios recycle missions over and over again... ambition mode recycles missions and stages over and over again... Last point: Elephants, the War Elephant in particular... greatest disappointment in the history of time. Enough said.Bottom Line: If you enjoy button smashing, and believe a challenge (ie. higher difficulty levels) should comprise doing the same thing as before, but taking longer to do it, then this game is for you! Otherwise, the best way to enjoy this title is focus on enjoying the story at the lowest difficulty level: as I've said before, higher difficulties provide less of a challenge and more of a monotonous, time-consuming, un-fun, unrewarding impediment towards beating the stages. In playing the game on easy, obtaining 5th and 6th weapons would be unnecessary, which is good!, as obtaining all of these weapons would otherwise involve repeating stages over and over and over again otherwise... boring!!!"
,Recommended,278080,13705197,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,dmang789,"Have you ever played Dynasty Warriors before? I remember playing Dynasty Warriors 5 years ago, and bought this one with a gift card. Turns out the series hasn't changed at all. Whether this is good or bad depends on your taste.Personally, I love it."
,Not Recommended,278080,10957373,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AirmanEpic,"One of the first games I've truly despised. Not worth 15 minutes. No mouse support, graphics that look like they belong in 2006, hideously repetitive gameplay, and zero tutorials. Not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,278080,13171526,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cheshire Kitten,"You really need a controller to play this game, even on the PC.  It's just not the same."
76561198072579082,Recommended,278080,12788942,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zenryumaru,LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!
,Recommended,278080,12735546,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Staz,really good action game
,Not Recommended,278080,10133695,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BobaFett1138,"This is so hard to write for me, considering I am a huge Dynasty Warriors nut. I LOVED 8. However, technical issues keep this as a ""Wait for a patch and a price drop"" title.The bugs. Oh my god the bugs ruin this title. I had to re-do Hu Lao Gate 5 times in a row, because I would experience bugs that would make me close the game, and restart. 5. Times. In. A. Row.I'm sorry, but I cannot recommend this game how it is right now. Once these bugs are addressed, I will re-review the game."
,Recommended,278080,32734235,Posted: 24 June,all,xHero™,"Play with your bro, and then you will forget about TIME"
76561198036263187,Recommended,278080,25221328,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Noyes Laboratory,I was Lu Bu. None has pursued me since.  10/10
,Not Recommended,278080,16712456,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dragon.,"Dislike: Lack of controller support. If this is just a console port, why doesn't it have full controller support. Followed multiple guides online, and in this game's discussions on Steam, none leading to a resolution. Heartbreaking!"
,Recommended,278080,13582345,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Agent Cooper,Kill thousands of innocent Chinese men in one button press!
,Recommended,278080,10605288,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lumadurin,"It's Dynasty Warriors.You whack hordes of enemies over and over again.Although if you simply wail on mooks instead of defeating officers/doing objectives at the higher difficulties, you're way more likely to lose.There's a very large variety of weapons to use (82). And every character has their ""signature weapon"" which they get two extra attacks with. So, yeah, that's 492 strong attacks, 164 unique strong attacks and 492 weak attacks to wail on people with.If you enjoy the core gameplay of the series you're likely to get hours and hours out of this.It ain't the most graphically impressive game out there. But it does the job fine considering there can be hundreds of enemies on-screen at once. It's a very well-running port.My main gripe is with the button prompts though. They're nonsensicial and if you don't review them in the options menu beforehand you'll have no idea what button they represent."
76561198054118964,Recommended,278080,12416459,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lord H,"I haven't played a Koei game since Dynasty Warriors 4 Hyper and Samurai Warriors 2 for PC, so i was excited when DW8 was announced for PC and with good reason. Although it has the same concept as the other DW's games, this one was simply amazing.The story felt alot more emotional for any of the factions, there's alot more variety in character choice and they feel more alive and relatable than ever. Although i enjoyed the Wei storyline the most, the Wu and Shu campaign's were also great to play and of course Lu Bu's storyline was really well made.The gameplay is also better than ever, the combat is fluid, enemies provide more of a challenge and can surprise you even on normal difficulty. The map design and tactics used are superb. The Japanese/English language option DLC was also a nice touch since i always prefered the japanese voice acting.Overall the gameplay and story is quite solid for a hack and slash game and definitely worth buying if you find a nice sale and enjoy the genre.Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends is proof that Koei should bring more of their games to PC and Steam."
,Recommended,278080,12439623,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GREEN_DAY,♥♥♥♥ Off...................
,Recommended,278080,11981611,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,N0MAD,10/10 would commit ethnic cleansing again
76561198027543523,Recommended,278080,12465605,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Dark Emperor,"I LOVE all of these games. And belive me, they really aren't kidding when they tell you it's a bad idea to pursue Lu Bu!"
,Recommended,278080,12502420,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Byzantium,"Ignoring the stupid name (it's not complete at all):Fast paced, action oriented, fighting game based loosely on Romance of the Three Kingdoms.Where you kill as many officers on the enemy side while completing objectives."
76561198042307099,Recommended,278080,12505835,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dolraith,"A great iteration of the series. The story mode really tries to give you the feeling of the time, and the gameplay is all kinds of fun too!"
,Recommended,278080,12435728,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Alexandus,Its Dynasty Warriors on the PC. Its like a dream come true!
76561198106667829,Recommended,278080,12542788,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MP_412,"Fun game. The controld are weird, but after you get used to them, its fun. Worth getting if it's on sale."
76561198041368119,Recommended,278080,12483870,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Northrivers,good game
,Recommended,278080,12579266,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Shishi,Great Beat'm up game
76561198004963290,Recommended,278080,12589555,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Darknesskain,A guilty pleasure of a hack n' slash.  All the familiar faces from the old Dynasty warriors games plus a few new ones.  Not much is added from the last game but any fan on the series will prob want to add this to their library
76561198030549296,Recommended,278080,15168932,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,iloshwdgac,"Graphics: 	2/3Story: 		1.5/3Game Play: 	2.5/3Re-playable: 	.5/1Sale Rate:	20%Total: 		6.5/10Graphics: 	2/3Since I only play this game on my laptop, I have no idea how it is actually supposed to look, I just know how it looks on minimal specs. The game cuts some corners on this level, but you don’t sacrifice anything important. The main way the game reduces power usage is to stop rendering the infantry’s details, so you are literally slaughtering faceless peons by the hundreds. In my opinion this improves the game, especial when even the enemy officers have no faces and die before they even stop introducing themselves.The maps are very large and the characters are in no way linked to the world that they live in. When you turn your character, he spins like a top, even while on a horse. The walls are like a half pipe, completely smooth. It is a little jarring how the game gives so little ♥♥♥♥♥ about how the characters interact with the world, but that’s not why we play Dynasty Warriors, we play to be the ultimate warrior. The game’s graphics only go as far as it is needed to show your unlimited power being unleashed upon some faceless cretin trying to either flee or fight, but in the end his only hope is to get out of the high solider density and be by himself. They are too small to chase and kill, and that is their only saving grace.Story: 		1.5/3There once was a book. It depicted an epic struggle between an orphan who grew into a monster and a man who became a god. Through the many years and endless greedy sequels, we got Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends. Characters exist and they struggle in some over vamped high school level drama that is always exploding to the next plot point. With all the high energy I remember none of it. It is the blandest set of campaigns that try their hardest to get in the way of you slaughtering innocent people, and thankfully it even fails at that.The story takes nothing from the game and is pretty funny how hard it tries. It’s like a Michael Bay movie condensed into a videogame.Game Play: 	2.5/3There are two main game modes and some time-attack or free modes on the side. The two main game modes are Story and Empires. The gameplay is straight from dw5 with the addition of a weapon triangle, earth, man, and heaven. Standard one is weak against the other and strong against the third. You can also have any character equip any weapon, and two at a time. Have you ever been play a Dynasty Warrior and thought, “dam it, why is Lu Bu not using a magic harp to kill these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s”?The story mode lets you play as a group of heroes in one of the soap opera style stories. At one point I think I fought the son of Lui Bie who was now king of some country and sucked at it so much that I was hired to kill him by his people who were then guarding him. So I was hired to kill the people I was hired by in order to kill their king who was killing the people. Only play for unlocks.Empire mode lets you run a gauntlet of small battles. On the fifth battle you can fight a large battle to unlock a large number of officers by defeating them in battle. After each battle you can either leave, resetting the gauntlet, or continue and fight harder battles with greater rewards. When you return to camp you can upgrade it so you can get better bonuses during the battles, buy better weapons, or get pets. Finally you can have a majestic eagle kill you enemies. This mode is great for getting your character more powerful when you get stuck in the story mode, or if you just want to kill some people without all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Re-Playable: 	.5/1If you treat replay as starting a new character and using them to kill a small nation, then you can replay this game until the final horn is blown and gods descends from on high. If you consider it completing the game and restarting, good luck doing that before the end days.Should you buy it?This game is a good time sink. I play it when I want to kill people without thinking. It’s pretty colors killing other pretty color like some bloody fireworks. It would be a good buy on about a 20% sale."
,Recommended,278080,32924028,Posted: 28 June,all,Newb1e mI,what a good game
76561198348148823,Recommended,278080,27946611,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pure,Best game ever played every single one for the last 16 years <3
,Recommended,278080,17998548,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Crabbo,There is so much content in this game which makes it a must have for any Dynasty Warriors fan. Anyone who has played Dynasty Warriors before may not get anything new out of it but it is the best we have on PC.
,Recommended,278080,12369627,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Hollow,"It's Dynasty Warriors. It is the definition of hack n' slash button masher, but god is it fun. With revised visuals, hundreds of weapons, and a diverse cast of characters with a massive amount of unique abilities, it'll keep you entertained for a grand ol' time.Additionally, with the ""Ambition Mode,"" you can truly create your own faction and carve a path through the Three Kingdoms; recruiting allies, building upgrades, managing your bodyguards, etc.9/10 worth the $25 I paid for it."
,Recommended,278080,12529243,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,FrenchD12,Bloody badassahhhhh i just kill and kill and killomg LuBu is still a bossi havent  Died to him yet but i will not give up
76561198076732544,Recommended,278080,13741423,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,brongozz,very good
76561197999580175,Recommended,278080,11902894,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Extremenoobage,"Hey all you people reading the reviews to decide if you want to dish out the cash for this game, I'm here to tell you the actuality of the pros and cons of this game. Let me make this real simple in a T chart.PROS:-High-action gameplay.-Rarely a dull moment.-LOTS of levels in Freemode, Story, and Ambition.-Play through the Lu Bu, Wei, Wu, Shu, Jin, and Other storylines!-Eat your weight in meatbuns and never gain a pound-Slaughter literally thousands of questionably innocent soldiers every battle.-over 70 playable characters and weapon types!-Fun, new hypothetical battles tied in well with the actual storyline.-Kill that sick sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dong Zhuo.-Works surprisingly well on an older computer like mine, zero lag or crashes so far.-After you configure the controls to match your preference it's actually pretty smooth to play.-If you played it on console you'd have to buy the base game and then Xtreme Legends as an expansion, on PC it's all packaged. So it's actually quite a bit cheaper this way.CONS:-THERE IS NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER, ONLY LOCAL CO-OP (which sucks but personally I play it solo anyway)-For some reason, there's no spoken narration between battles. You've gotta read it, which really isn't all that bad.-After playing for 8-10 hours in a single day it starts to feel repetetive.-Replay value isn't tremendous, but isn't low either.-Koei bleeds you dry for additional DLC.-Graphics are downright emberassing during cutscenes on the non-playable characters. Not noticable during battles though.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So in tl;dr format this is a very enjoyable game for a price that's actually quite a bit lower than on consoles, it runs flawlessly on my moderately older PC, has lot's of content, DOESN'T have online multiplayer (only local co-op), and let's you practiaclly commit a chinese genocide in every battle. Buy it."
,Recommended,278080,33024446,Posted: 29 June,all,JireN,best series of dw. buy this game! 111/100i cant wait for dw9...
,Recommended,278080,13779896,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FunLightDog,not thing to say it is good for me ^^
76561198059760569,Recommended,278080,32930078,Posted: 28 June,all,Koma,Great Game
76561198069624357,Recommended,278080,17368158,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,beechivevgenzon,good
,Recommended,278080,13023722,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Vincent III,"Very relaxing and easy to pick up game.  I wasn't expecting to play this game for the storyline or plot, but the game tries to cover Three Kingdoms lore as best as an action video game can and allows you to see the viewpoints of all the characters.  It does glorify everyone in their own way, but as long as you accept that its more inspired by history instead of trying to teach it, you should be good.Plays closer to how earlier DW games played before they changed over all the costumes and added magic in, but contains enough elements of both styles to satisfy fans of both game generations.  Controller is pretty much required, even though the game says it does not natively support it and the menu progression feels off.  Once you get the hang of the controls,I found the game to be addictive and pushes you to up the difficulty pretty quickly as you start leveling up weapons and the characters.  Replayability is very high, as you have a large amount of characters to pick from, costumes (depending on what DLC you grab) and weapons to switch between if things are feeling stale.  Even after finishing more than half the story-lines, it feels I've barely tapped into the game's full features and what it offers to players."
,Recommended,278080,13313633,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,Empires is coming out so itsk guys
,Recommended,278080,15505994,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Adams,Perfect genocide simulator. If killing only a few people in a game bores you why not to try kill 1000 or more in a single combat?
,Recommended,278080,16924702,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ZekeTheFerretDargo,its Dynasty Warriors get it
,Recommended,278080,10167458,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,The Solar Canine,"It is what it is, if you don't enjoy hack and slash - don't get it. It's an interesting story based on real life events, (Look up the romance of the 3 kingdoms). The graphics are pretty satisfactory, and all of the characters look cool. Controls are pretty simple.I only have a few issues with this game:1: There is little reason to play on higher difficulty. You aren't really rewarded for doing so from what I can tell, other than select missions to get your 5th tier weapons. This is fine in story mode, where the story is interesting. In ambition mode which I enjoy quite a bit however, it makes it much easier. That's fine and all, that's what difficulty is for. But, there is no reward for playing in a higher difficulty. When playing consecutive battles in Ambition mode the rewards become greatly increased along with the difficulty, so it's completely to your benefit to start at beginner and have it ramp up anyway. However, this is VERY easily abused in earning the playable officers to your army (in ambition mode you recruit all sorts of allies, and the playable characters are the best ones). Most of them appear in a DUEL battle after completing consecutive stages. Basically, you can do about 3 beginner missions in a row to get a duel, easily get those characters then return to the camp and rinse and repeat. Using this process I got all the characters, and quite honestly it sort of spoiled the mode for me. I know no one made me use it, but there is ZERO incentive to play on a harder difficulty by default, no special weapons, characters, animals, or anything else I know of that makes it worth it.That being said it's a pretty fun game if you enjoy hack and slash. I recommend to anyone that hasn't played it before and likes similar games like God of War or Devil May Cry, etc. Also if you enoyed other Dynasty warrior games! 8/10 from me, and worth the money.Edit: I somehow forgot to mention there is unfortunately no online co-op. :(Still a very good game and I hope they bring another improved title to the PC in the future."
76561198044680004,Recommended,278080,10741467,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,rai.akuma,I think they have done a great job with this game much better than DW6 and DW7.Graphics are much better.Plus the new modes.GREAT JOB.But to be honest I believe this game is better on consoles then PC.
,Recommended,278080,10793812,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,]3urberry,"As a fan of Chinese history the part 3 Dynasty, What I want say is that KOEI has been made Game this part about 30years with many diffrent ways. not just a casual. but KOEI made this game as cusual. with this title shows their 20years knowhow.If you want know famous part of chinese history, this one is best way to know people and stories.Negative point of this title is just a typical japanese fighting game, if you didnt study abt history part of this, it is so difficult to know how this characters are related and historic events.These days players want game stories as like a movies fyi Game of thrones, Assasins Creed. I know describe this is huge story for one titles is very difficult but still we want playing adventure and finding treasure and love to characters in their created world."
,Recommended,278080,10965230,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vejita,Head straight for Hulao gate!
76561198052287306,Recommended,278080,10479886,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zacoly,"This game offers endless epic battles and a vast variety of weapons and warriors to play! If you think you might enjoy being a supreme badass in acent china, then this game is what you're after!I enjoied the Interesting stories and the variety of charicters, I'm very happy with the money I spent."
,Recommended,278080,10358421,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Tenshi,WAY TOO GRINDY BUT I STILL LIKE IT.
,Recommended,278080,10566509,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Xavi,Probably the greatest game of the series yet. I would reckommend it to everyone. Good Job!
76561198075049998,Recommended,278080,10596548,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FirePhynx,I am new to the Dynasty Warrior games and I couldn't be happier!  You can't compare the graphics to today's games but the gameplay is smooth and easy to get used to.  It's extremely exciting and the the thrill of killing thousands keeps you hooked and wanting to play more.
76561198133867003,Recommended,278080,10602704,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RemReturns(XXV-100),"Having owned all platforms of DW8X I found the pc port satisfying enough yet lacking what I loved about the consle versions. Although graphcs werent an issue (Lu Lingqi is soo cute either way) the texture quality of the models could have easily been able to surpass the PS3 and possibly the PS4 graphic capabilities. Something missing from DW8 in general across all platforms is the subtraction of voice acting. The repetetive loading screen music did not satisfy me.The voice acting for non essential officers has been greatly improved and almost seems to have VARIETY. But to Zhang Liao fans such as my self, I am sorry to say that his new voice actor sounds generic with the common rabble. The amazing voice actor for him from DW7 was better suited for the Badass known as Zhang Liao. Without that epic voice actor I found no point in playing as Zhang Liao XD.Aside from the fact you cant play multiplayer (im a forevor alone Chaos soloer anyway), this PC port is a worthy installment of the Dynasty Warriors series. Summer/Winter sale is a great time to buy it"
,Recommended,278080,10936521,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bitter・little・sweetie.,"The Chinese Genocide Simulator.Fun, almost mindless objective-based hack and slash.""I give it a fun/10""Don't be fooled by the boolshots on Steam, those are apparently PS4 screenshots while the actual game is something closer to the PS3 version with some dulled down graphics (motion blur for example seems to be something that was lost). Graphics are so-so, not much better than previous Dynasty Warriors, but the game runs smoothly as a result. Forcing stuff in nV control panel doesn't seem to work, and there's no in-game AA, sadly, except in cutscenes.Characters are largely pretty, sans some noticeably bad textures.Gameplay is typical Dynasty Warriors - you're the Chinese General equivalent of Ramirez, but that's what makes it fun.Expect classic(ally) hammy and bad voice acting, but at least it's funnily bad and not just bad.This being DW8XL, expect to have many hours of content. There are no less than five major 'campaigns', with two major branches each, the ""historical"" and the ""hypothetical"" (i.e. Koei offering a ""What if"" scenario) routes. There's a challenge mode, there's a free-mode to play any mission any way you want and a huge cast of playable characters. Then there are the 'Other Story' missions, objective-related branches and the Ambition Mode, which is an anachronistic open-ended campaign.Sadly co-op is only local, but if you play Big Picture on your home TV with a pair of controllers this should be a fun experience to share if it's anything like DW6 was for me.The PC port is also fudgy on controls as it shows generic icons or keyboard prompts for menus, and there doesn't seem to be innate Xbox controller support or prompts (the Steam discussions also suggest it is finicky too).The story is, well, it's the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. Missions are dramatized enactments of historical battles, and characters that never fought or etc. may be fighters now. But hey, the ladies are getting more undressed as the series progresses. Plus, soft body physics have made their way in!Pursue Lu Bu 2014."
,Recommended,278080,10686216,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PassingDayZ,"First off, get a gamepad.Everything after that is the same Dynasty Warriors we all know and love with slightly better graphics and performance, on a PC.Wait... let it sink in. Dynasty Warriors on a PC... Never thought you'd see the day, huh DW fans?Two things I hope get added:1) Official Japanese Voices DLC (There's an unofficial patch out there, WIP in think)2) Empires DLC when it releases."
,Recommended,278080,11284735,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Grannie Hoonani,I liek iz fun
,Recommended,278080,11815158,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Aulus Valerius,"8th in a long series of Dynasty Warriors games. Things you should know:Technically a console port. Expect graphics and a control scheme build for consoles (Primarily the playstation). My suggestion is to keep movement using WASD, attacks using IJKL, and camera using TFGHLots of hack and slash, mobs of enemies on screen, occasionally led by officers. Can get repetitive, but it's great if you just want to lose yourself in the carnage.Tons of playable characters. 80+. Unique weapons, stats, and voices for each. Weapon upgrading and crafting system is massive, can be hard to get a hang of, but can create some awesome weapons.Campaign is well done (although occasionally hilariously cheesy)DLC is a waste. Don't bother.Overall: 8/10, would play to pass time and relieve stress. Enjoyed story. Best played with playstation controller."
76561198036590904,Recommended,278080,10623180,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jäger,Chinese Genocide Simulator!  Still the same bad voice acting that I love so much.  Highly recommend for DW fans.  The only drawback is that it does not have Character Create Mode.
76561198060957083,Recommended,278080,11103709,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Dont wanna see the world burnt,"I didn't hesitate to buy it when I first saw it came out on steam! (Maybe because I've never play DW since DW6.)As much as I love this game since DW4, I'm so disappointed that the graphic is not very well made for PC. (It could be so much more beautiful on PC.) And it had an annoying bug that sometimes, during loading screen after pressing ""Begin Battle"" button, it just freezed and finally crashed. (But now it's gone. And I hope it'd be gone forever!)About the story mode, I really love that they gave us the specific playable characters for each level to make the story more enjoyable and accurate.Despite the disappointing graphic and the bug, this game is as addictive as always!"
,Recommended,278080,10177169,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mentaro,"I'll get right to the downsides, first; There is no online play like the console versions have and there is only the one game so far.Everything else we all know and love about the Dynasty Warriors is right here, ready for you to lose track of time striving for control of the land with your chosen faction or character. A lot of charcters from previous titles are back with updated movesets which are MUCH better than before and not leaving any character with blaring weaknesses compared to others. Except Lu Bu. Lu bu is still pretty much cheating at the game in the way we all know and love."
76561198083729351,Recommended,278080,10183154,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,El Ginge,"I love this game so much but advertising it as co-op was really the seeling point for this game, dont get me wrong i loved the story and simply churning through countless numbers of enermies but not being able to bring along my friends pretty much crushed all hopes and dream i had :((just like many of the reveiws ive seen on here, if they add online multiplaer "" which they wont "" it would be worth the full price, not gunna lie they let me down alittle......Steam please change the tags of this game"
76561198074089057,Recommended,278080,10672325,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hissablemajesty,"Konichiwa fellow Dynasty Warriors from all over the world !Finally its available for PC and to top this eventthey put my favourite char on the main story :Dthis time it is all about the mighty Lu Bu - banzaiiiiii played nearly all versions of Dynasty Warriors since release,and i must say this is one of the best grtz koei/tecmo(my favourite DW is still DW3)its very easy to build urself a quality weapon thx to weapon fusion/temperand even then its not over,u can rebould any wep @ any time !very nicely done.so if u ever liked/played any title of the DW franchiseDW8 is the game for u :Dhack and slash @ its best  \m/"
,Recommended,278080,10961904,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bswagg,"As someone who skipped DW6-7 because of the gameplay changes, I was pleased to see DW8 return to the familiar formula I loved. There are a plethora of stages and this is a game that will keep you occupied for quite a long time. To give an example, I finished one story mode and my characters were around level 35; the level cap is 150. With story mode, ambition mode, and challenge mode, this is a great single player experience.Multiplayer works about as well as old DW games, local only. So if you're looking to play this with steam friends, prepare for disappointment. Also, the keyboard controls are crap, play with a controller. If you're looking for something to sink 50+ hours in by yourself, then look no further.8/10"
76561198060952426,Recommended,278080,11534811,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Sleepy,Without no doubt
,Recommended,278080,10174067,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,NeopieAnyway,"Grinding was fun and rewarding. With 150 level caps and a lot of unlockable in ambition mode, you won't regret buying this game. Note: Chance of this series attracting new fans might just be 50/50, but i'm sure hardcore fans of the series will be 100% pleased"
,Recommended,278080,10283336,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Apostrophe S,"As the eighth installment of the classical hack-and-slash series, Dynasty Warriors 8 is the first of the series to arrive on Steam. Proving a relatively successful run on the consoles, Dynasty Warriors 8 relives the storyline of the Three Kingdoms and the playable modes of past Dynasty Warriors games - but this time, with a much larger cast of playable characters, new additional content, weapons and maps, and even new playable modes. The storyline proves interesting, exciting yet slightly repetitive, whilst the action of slaying thousands of warriors itself, is satisfying nonetheless. However, due to the port to Steam, graphical qualities and rendering are kind of poor, resulting in occasional characters who look like cardboard cutouts. For many computers, it is very possible that players will suffer slowdown, lag or even screen tearing as a result of the sheer enormous amount of people on the screen at times. The soundtrack/score is no doubt excellent, supporting the game by building the tension of war, and also as just ear-candy if necessary. As part of a personal favourite series, Dynasty Warriors 8 also doesn't disappoint in difficulty as the tradition of pursuing Lu Bu in any difficult higher than easy is still a living hell. 9/10"
,Recommended,278080,10699455,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AutoCannon,This game is like a Dynasty Warriors game.
76561198070225755,Recommended,278080,10731033,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Frankub0ss,"Two words, one name: Lu Bu.I have Windows 8- I have a computer that isn't that great for playing games. That being said, this game works pretty damn well. I'm not one for online, but I guess it would be nice? I mean there are a ton of people who would use it, but I don't worry about playing with others until I've unlocked 70-90% of the game's content, which will guarenteed take you friggin forever. So enjoy the game, stop complaining about it, and get it."
,Recommended,278080,11344256,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,lompatin,mantap! pokoknya game ini sangat direkomendasikan deh....superb! the point is this game is highly recomended....
,Recommended,278080,11381726,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,{5LINE}Cows with Guns,"Ultimate grinding at its best.Beat'em ups are straight forward (most of the time) in gameplay. You pick a character, select a stage and button mash your way through it (I highly recommend an xbox controller for this game). The differences between the titles lies in the context and the presentation.Visuals: For better or worse, Tecmo-KOEI opted for a pop-like presentation of historical characters since this series inception. I myself had no problems with most of the designs. My only ""dislike"" is the unbelievable growing roster of characters (but hey, more toons to grind right?). Graphics, or rendering details aren't great given that it is a console port, but it is acceptable.Audios and Voices: I prefer the japanese dubs if or when avilable but this incarnation's english dub is at least tolerable compared to the previous titles  in the series. Honest! Listen to the english dubs from Dynasty Warriors 3/4.DLCs: Haha... let's wait and see what Tecmo-Koei wants to bring to PC ok? I am still waiting/hopeful on romance of the 3 kingdoms series and possible nobunaga's ambition series (in traditional chinese if possible!).7/10Know what you are getting: A Beat'em-up grinder game.edit: Typo on Nobunaga"
,Recommended,278080,10201751,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,shintsurugi,"I think the big thing about this game that might turn a lot of people off is that it is a Dynasty Warriors game. If you are a fan of the series, and haven't bought this game on consoles already, then buy this game! It's a great update to a lot of the mechanics and all of the characters feel and play quite well. The campaign is a marked improvement over the DW7 campaign (except for the lack of a narrator, unfortunately).Ambition Mode is a take it or leave it thing. It's a really good way to get good weapons and level characters, but if you want any sort of deep story from it, you'll find yourself disappointed.And just in case you're wondering, no, this game does not have online co-op. Even with that disappointing fact though, I wholeheartedly recommend this game to fans of the DW series. If you've traditionally not liked the series, or have no idea what this is, I would peruse YouTube and see if it's your cup of tea."
76561198021386942,Recommended,278080,10349989,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Seandablimp,"played dynasty warriors 2,3,4,5,6,7 all in chinese/japanese versions. Started playing when i was 4 on the playstation 2.intense mindless hacking and slashing that makes you foam white♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your mouth after 4 hours, but hey, its great.Suggest playing this wen you want to burn time since one battle is like 20-35 minutes and you'll keep playing like 10 to 15 battles straight."
76561198033772332,Recommended,278080,10832209,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,War is hell,我的名字是呂布！我是生活在地球上最偉大的戰士！
,Recommended,278080,11144379,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Trysdyn,"Holy CRAP how is it I've never played a Dynasty Warriors game?I'd pretty much dismissed the series as a button mashing Exalted-tier smackdown fest with no real substance, and you can have that if you want. With the game on Easy difficulty you should breeze through, murdering anything that stands in your way and only sometimes needing to resort to Musou to quickly dispatch officers. On higher difficulties a real need for strategy comes into play. You have to pick your battles, approach carefully, and make sure you follow the missions lest you end up buried in extra foes that'll quickly finish you off.There's a ton of gameplay here. 16 hours in, I 100%ed one of the five campaigns in Story mode and dabbled in Ambition mode a bit. If you're a completionist, you'll be in it for a thousand hours here. You have over 100 officers to max out, just as many weapons to find, four modes to master, five story campaigns, a ton of extra challenges, and I think seven difficulty modes to do it all in.There's a weapon and officer combination for just about ever play style. You can slaughter a dozen redshirts at a time with a massive greatsword, shoot them with bows that fire multiple arrows to a shot, gracefully dispatch them with rapiers or winged spears, or go with something even stranger like bladed yoyos, chainsaws, or even pool cues and billard balls. Each weapon has a completely different feel and profile, allowing you to switch things up whenever you want. You'll pretty much pick your officer based on what weapon you like the most; then it's a matter of finding an officer that favors that weapon.If you're a fan of the Three Kingdoms saga, it's all a real treat. Really you need SOME knowledge of the story to fully appreciate the game's storyline, but if you don't have that, the game does a good job of explaining the story so far between each mission. If you just put your head down and barrel through a campaign, you'll reach the end and get a more or less accurate picture of how that faction fared through this specific chunk of the Three Kingdoms saga. Then you can go back and re-do missions to find bonus objectives to unlock a different path, rewriting history and guiding your chosen faction to victory in the war, instead of their historical destiny. They really nailed this. If you go about it this way, it literally feels like you're going back in time and fixing wrongs that led you and your faction down a less glorious path.Down sides... the graphics are not amazing. You can see shadow and texture quality issues during the cutscenes, but they're not ugly by any means. The cutscenes are in-engine and this is an engine designed to throw 1,000 men at you at once, not render two or three characters in crystal clarity.Sometimes what you're supposed to do during a battle is not clear: you are just one officer in a sprawling battle and, based on which officer you pick, your objectives could differ even within the same mission. As your comrades shout orders, you have to keep in mind that YOU can't do everything, and your role is limited to one section of the field. Usually you'll be find blindly barreling toward the flashing green square on the map, killing officers nearby, and waiting for a voiceover, but sometimes it's not that simple. This can lead to missed bonus objectives, nasty ambushes, and in some cases instant game overs.Finally on higher difficulties the AI is Musou-happy. Musou is basically an ultimate attack with a chargeup time and, supposedly, a limit on how often you can use them. On higher difficulties you have that limit, but opposing officers do not, and they'll not hesitate to use Musou at every opportunity. It can get a little frustrating as getting hit with a Musou attack often chains into a long combo where you're left helpless to watch as you get air-juggled. Oh well, learn to dodge :)"
76561198013878234,Recommended,278080,10162902,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Deak,alright girls and boys its time to hop on the goddamn nostalgic train and buckle up because this fine piece of video game is absolutely brilliant i will be honest you either have to have an xbox controller or be a die hard fan to enjoy the controls but nonetheless i have both so the game is absolutely brilliant so if you're an old fan of dynasty warriors or a newcomer with lots of patience this game is absolutely amazing and no boys and girls lu bu has not changed at all he will still ♥♥♥♥ your♥♥♥♥♥♥up if you let him get 1 hit. 10/10 and yes that was one large sentence no punctuation. :P
76561198010279803,Recommended,278080,10692698,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soul,"If you have played any of the previous Dynasty Warriors, then you know what to expect. Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends is a lot of fun, and features tons of characters. Any fans of the musou games shouldn't hesitate to pick this up."
76561198026583783,Recommended,278080,10899057,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lightningx123™,Mass Murder Simulator 3rd Century edition with unexplained powers - 10/10
,Recommended,278080,10703154,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Dunning-Kruger Effect,Probably the best incarnation of this game to be available on PC. Do you pursue Lu Bu?
,Recommended,278080,10780484,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alcap0wnage,Highly recommend for any Dynasty Warrior fans.
,Recommended,278080,11300780,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Kagami Masara,"If you like beating up huge crowds of mook-armies, this game won't disappoint.If you like tons of characters and weapon combinations, this game will deliver.It also delivers a nice and complex story. Romance of the Three Kingdoms, with alternate endings.Get it when it's on discount, it is worth it!"
,Recommended,278080,10965353,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Umiman,"This game is not for everyone. It's mostly for people who like to kill like.... 1000 things. Homicidal maniacs. Insane dictators. If you are one of those people, you will love this game so much."
76561198030828931,Recommended,278080,11223867,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,chris_a_s,"There is a bit in it where you play as the demi-god Lu Bu, riding a giant flaming horse fighting tanks, killing in the excess of a thousand troops all while aided by battle tigers and a busty dancer.Did I mention you are fighting with her father to defeat your adoptive father for becoming a corrupt monarch in an assassination plot?Did I mention this is based on actual historical events?This game is both really messed op and gloriously cathartic, just be prepared to spam J like an easily amused spaniard taht just descovered internet memes. I spammed J so much I would be surprised if it gave my unborn children masturbation guilt."
,Recommended,278080,11422835,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Moonlit Vegas,"Great music, great battles. Best Dynasty Warriors since 5. Now if only we could get Samurai Warriors on here..."
76561198052672594,Recommended,278080,10272704,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Cappo,"I really love the warriors series. But fair and square.IT NEEDS A PATCH! ! ! !Many people complain about the loading screens and offcourse the screens freezing or going to black.Also, a problem I encoutered myself, are the game controllers. Whenever i wanna play with a controller plugged in, it all gets very (and i mean very) slow.Luckely, the game is very good playable on the keyboard and the screen problems of freezing and not loading are fixable. It looks great and i love to play it, i only would've loved it that little bit more with a controller"
76561198004834447,Recommended,278080,10821386,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,unholy_blaze,"Use a controller.  Other than that, it's a DW game, so enjoy."
,Recommended,278080,11315519,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,road_to_2k,Best Dynasty Warriors game after DW5 special edition.Pros:Awesome voice acting as usual(both English and Japanese).Most character designs areHypothetical path and path-changing milestone events are reasonable.Tons of modes and features are worthy to experience.Cons:Graphic is apparently out of date.
,Recommended,278080,11195018,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Sprintchoxer,Good news! Goooooooooooooooood!
76561198030127591,Recommended,278080,10961075,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Reighnvhasta,"I'm enjoying this game way more than I really should. It's relaxing in a way while still being difficult, but not so difficult that my brain starts to implode. I love just being able to mow down 1000+ people and feel awesome doing it.Pros:- Multiple stories and different routes in each.- HUGE character and weapon pool. Each with different attack styles.- Several game modes.- Killer soundtrack.- Satisfying gameplay.- Lu Bu.There definitely were some problems with the game that I didn't like as well. The biggest one being that the ""Movie"" cutscenes and the ""Event"" cutscenes look incredibly different in terms of texture/graphic quality. The movie cutscenes were a spectacle for the eye whereas the event cutscenes were.... Well, kind of hard to describe it accurately.Cons:- Cutscene quality.- No online multiplayer.- Not fully optimized for Keyboard and mouse- Lackluster tutorial.In the end, I say that the pros outweigh the cons enough that I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good old hack and slash. I especially enjoy the large character pool. Though if this game had an online multiplayer, I would buy my friends extra copies and force them to play with me and experience the pain of pursuing Lu Bu XD."
76561198089907009,Recommended,278080,11087579,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ConmanWolf,"This game taught me that with enough level grinding, Lu Bu's daughter can beat up even the most grizzled of manly men. 10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10710357,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DD,nice game i love it!!
,Recommended,278080,10988539,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Galactic Funk,"Do you enjoy things that are certainly the greatest at whatever they are of all time?  Because this game is the greatest at everything that has ever been attempted in gaming, film and literature.  The storytelling is rich with the juicy details of a chaotic time in Chinese history.  The characters are deep, unique, and are loaded with meaningful dialogue.  The voice acting is amazing, across the board.  Quality like this hasn't been seen since at least Shenmue, possibly Shenmue 2.None of that is true, but it is probably the best made Dynasty Warriors game yet. Story mode is a little more than any installment I've seen before, the characters are a little more over the top, graphics are improved.  Just stay away from Ambition mode."
76561197991480934,Recommended,278080,11095164,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ArcZero1,"Easily the best Dynasty Warriors game in many iterations of the series. The only thing I would like to come back is the custom-created officers. The PC cutscene graphics look oddly low-res, and there's no setting to fix that, that I can find. While playing, however, the graphics are reasonable - not terrible, not epic - and there seems to be less enemy fading than on the console version."
,Recommended,278080,11119237,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Swaghetti Yolonase,If Michael Bay directed the 'Romance of the Three Kingdoms' movie.
,Recommended,278080,10241188,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,AnthonyVu,"I had pursued this game series for years, this is the best ver of DW series so far, I've played this game like hell since the release day though some bugs bothering me sometimes."
,Recommended,278080,10728712,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tyrfang,Scratched the old hack 'n slash itch. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,278080,11274791,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ANteZ,Hardcore game!
76561198017891554,Recommended,278080,11300441,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Malore,"As all Dynasty Warriors games go the same way, this one is an enjoyable time spent cleaving through armies of soldiers with great music playing in the background. What makes this installment of Dynasty Warriors different from the others is the story is actually pretty well-done and not boring as they've started doing since Dynasty Warriors 7, rather than in previous games in the series where you'd feel like you were occasionally watching a really badly dubbed kung fu movie. While they have a few voice actors who are questionable, a lot of the others are enjoyable enough to listen to. That is, if you're able to hear them over the sound of your enemies dying by the scores before your mighty swings. And, as always, Lu Bu is incredibly overpowered."
,Recommended,278080,11441231,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Renegade Noob,"Decided to re-do a review since the game has had severl patches/updates.Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme legends follows the same game forumula that all it's predecessors have done, and it does so perfectly. The gameplay style is simple but fun, no matter how long you play it for. The game had issues upon launch, but those have all been solved and the game itself runs perfectly now. The only issue with it is the fact that online co-op has been removed. Co-op is still present but is local only, which may be an issue for some people. If you are a fan of the series though I believe you will be able to overlook this singular issue.Overall the game is very enjoyable and has a lot of gameplay value. Would highly recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,278080,10770985,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,F.K.Sharky,"Graphics are 8/10 , not that much of an important thing to me .now the officers sound like they are robotic except some of them .Still I would recommend this game to any fan out there ."
,Recommended,278080,10968566,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PR4,I CLAIM ANOTHER VICTORY IN THE NAME OF MY BROTHER
,Recommended,278080,11444763,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Caspartina,great game i like it
,Recommended,278080,11528715,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Hammer of Evil,"chased Lu Bu and died. 10/10 would die again.Character leveling and stats is more in-depth and weapons are customizable and craftable. you can play as any hero, save for the douchey little... uhh... 'generic' officers (who gives a damn about them anyway)Plus Lu Bu. And the female characters are all attractive. with tig bittys. <wut>and Lu Bu.and Guan Yu.And Zhou Tai.And Sun Ce.and take the emperor hostage.and Zhuge Liang.And that really fat guy with a club.and lose the emperor when someone sets all your troops on fire and defeats you permanently.and Zhou Yu.And Sun Shang Xiang.And Dian Wei.and burn down a forest.And Zhang Feiand Liu Bei.and attack a giant castle you have no hope of surviving against.and Zhu Rong. (but oh so right.)and Lu Meng.and get stabbed in the back by a giant pike wielding maniac with a really sweet hat and last name of Bu because you tried to chase him you idiot what were you thinking, he is using a giant halberd with one freaking hand! ONE HAND! but oh no, stabby stabby, try to win. die again. oh no, try to win again. died again.and great history.and die again.And! and!and."
,Recommended,278080,13708842,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Gáe Bulg,"Honestly, a great game for anyone who enjoys the Dynasty Warriors series.I had originally played Dynasty Warriors 2-6 (including Extreme Legends and Empires), and had acquired this in hopes of reliving my childhood. One thing that this game has that differs from the older titles is the ability to swap between two weapons (both can be chosen from a LARGE assortment of different weapons). This allows many different combos to be made. This also allows you to switch out a particular character's weapons out of that character (ie: Zhao Yun using Pang Tong's weapon instead of his own + another weapon), which, personally, I am not a huge fan of, for I enjoyed using a new character and seeing what his strengths and weaknesses are.Addionally, a new feature called ""Storm Rush"" was introduced. When using a weapon which has a type advantage over an enemy officer, you will see a blue crystal ontop of the officer. After using the weapon with the type advantage and breaking all 3 sections of the crystal, your character will enter a mode where he unleases a bunch of powerful attacks on enemies infront of (or around) him/her. While this may seem good, having a weapon with a type DISADVANTAGE on an enemy officer will result in your attacks not causing flinch to them. This makes it so switching between weapons with different types almost neccesary.Additionally, switching weapons allows you to break some officer's attacks while they are charging them, and breaks guard. This is different than the older titles where an enemy's officers guard was a pain to get through. Personally, I still prefer the old system, as it encouraged repositioning.The soundtrack of this game is AMAZING (just like the soundtrack of the older titles). The additional characters and Jin add a lot to this game.Overall, a game I definitely recommend. Now if only I had more time to play it..."
,Not Recommended,278080,13205434,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,zman56789,ya so this game is a complete waste of money for pc.  if you really wanna play it buy it for a console it will work much better.  The controls for this game are very unintuitive.  you cant even use your mouse in tandom with your keyboard.  Also the controller support is a joke.  my 360 controller didnt work for this game but works for every other game i own.  controller support my a$$.  There is no online co-op only local co-op.  I did notice this before buying the game but thought that they'd forgotten to mention online co-op since the consoles have it but no this game doesnt have it just local.  Another crappy port and doesnt deserve a 71 metacritic score.
,Recommended,278080,14347670,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Ho0dieNinja,Try to stop the never ending Chinese population!
,Not Recommended,278080,10163200,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Adept Pardoner,"In terms of content, this is a great game. Dynasty Warriors 8 is the best game in the series if you ask me, and Xtreme Legends Complete Edition just adds more to it. However, due to the state of this PC Port, I can't reccommend it.It's terribly poorly optimised, has a very limited selection of resolution and graphical options, and it's control scheme defaults are obscene. There is no mouse functionality in the menus and despite using the now PC Standard Microsoft Controller the button prompts are ALWAYS for the keyboard controls despite the game clearly being designed for play with a controller.Finally, and most gauling of all, is the lack of online co-op. The store page itself even claims it has online co-op by having among the features listed ""Co-Op"" and ""Local Co-Op"". Every other game with the ""Co-Op"" lable on steam has Online Co-Op, but in this one case this is not true and Steam refuses to refund customers despite this blatant false advertising. Every other version of this game has the Online Co-Op, why not the steam version?Is it really so difficult to have the PC version, run through steam (a service well known for it's excellent online multiplayer especially when it comes to co-op) and have it be online? I'd say not, but Koei apparently can't do it.There is quite a bit of outcry about this so we can only hope that this, along with the framerate and resolution problems, will be fixed in a patch later and if not a patch then in a third party mod.Oddly there are a lot of people arguing AGAINST those of us raising complaints and taking KOEI's side in this issue. My question to you is this. How exactly is KOEI gutting features from the PC release and yet charging MORE for this version than any other version a good thing?"
76561198083846953,Recommended,278080,28894843,Posted: 1 January,all,IceMan,great game but gameplay slow but not bad for me.
,Recommended,278080,13933010,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Moinky,[insert Lu Bu meme here]
76561198116110889,Recommended,278080,14492275,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ben572,One hit could take out 50 men10/10 would one hit 50 men again
,Recommended,278080,24823107,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,OsAZeroFive | #PGxPO,The Best Game For Me Forever
76561198104581898,Recommended,278080,13021768,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,No Idolatry,This is a fun game
,Not Recommended,278080,20914712,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"These newMusougames are so dang pretty and polished compared to their predecessors, but why is story mode divided by family now as opposed to per character? Part of the whole beauty of this series was the vast, free selection of fabulously embellished historical figures, all of which could be played individually at whim; forcing me to master a number of characters I'm frankly not interested in just for the sake of core progression ruins what would otherwise be monotonous hack and slash bliss.For the more forgiving fans, this is one you *might* want to check out, albeit on the PlayStation 4, arguably the definitive version over this lackluster port. Those of you that prefer the freedom of the older games? Hold out for something better."
,Recommended,278080,14035495,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ti1706,"Many, many hours of solid beat 'em up combat. Nothing fancy like DMC, or deep like Soul Calibur/Tekken (each character only has ~10 attacks, and most of them are similar/redundant) but with battles that last 5-8 minutes it's a great way to feel ""god-like"" at the end of a rough day.GOOD:+  Huge playable cast, all fully voice-acted, and each fighter has an individual moveset.+ Reasonably well-written story, full of history, fiction, and historical fiction.+ A lot of extra modes, challenges and things to do for collectors/grinders/the bored+ All weapons are upgradable, you can add new effects, or strengthen effects they already have.BAD:- Extremely long, you will easily spend ~100 hours playing through all 6 (yes, 6) Story Campaigns- Little variety in the cast. Due to its setting, nearly everyone is a dark-haired Japanese archetype and many have similar voices, looks, and movesets.- Ranged weapons (~5 or so fighters) are wonky, difficult to aim, and generally useless.- EVERY. SINGLE. FEMALE. is a stereotype in the worst way. Simpering schoolgirls to Breast-baring bodyguards, it's bad.- For those who thought the above was a positive : There are very few female fighters & most have awkward weapons.- Only a handful of weapon effects are actually viable on harder difficulties, and some are downright game-breaking.All told, I'd grab it for <$20 when it goes 66% off. It's good fun, but dumb fun and it's appeal will definitely wear thin after playing through 2 or 3 of the Story Campaigns. After that, it still rocks... but only as the repetitive grinder/hack 'n' slasher it really is."
76561198176599855,Recommended,278080,34579384,Posted: 29 August,all,Inzanio the Darkknight,The Dynasty warriors series never gets old.Never will i stop playing the game series.
,Recommended,278080,35097838,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,"It sure is Dynasty Warriors.Getting my controller to work was an incredible hassle, but since then it's worked fine.If you like musou games, you'll like this. If you don't, you won't.Not much more to it!"
76561198149264685,Recommended,278080,34988758,Posted: 15 September,all,ruthsmommy,good game
76561198123603002,Recommended,278080,35195574,Posted: 24 September,all,bomiken25,Good game.
,Recommended,278080,12392847,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Serpent,"Who needs chuck norris, strategy, tactics, or even other soldiers when you have lu bu.All fear lu bu."
,Recommended,278080,17070166,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,舒雲,"Absolutely amazing Beat 'em up game!  One of my favorite games, if not MOST favorite game!  Hours upon hours of Chinese genocide simulation!"
,Recommended,278080,11092811,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,John,"I just want to start this by saying this: HOLY HELL, this is quite possibly theworstconsole port I have ever played. Not only that, but apparently it's a port of the PS3 version, not the better PS4 version. I guess that Japanese devs really don't care about PC.That being said, it's Dynasty Warriors. Go have some fun and don't persue Lu Bu."
,Recommended,278080,14634738,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,*TaKamoto ;),"brings back childhood memmories :')i used to play the original ""Shin SangokuMusou 3 and 4 Empires"" version (Dynasty Warriors 4 and 5 Empires) on my ps2i didnt buy it when it first came out cuz no japanese audio :/ (ruins the game imo)now, 10/10 would play :DDXiaoQiao > all XD <3"
76561198069055404,Recommended,278080,10115253,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Jaragnaros,"Runs smoothly, haven't encountered a single bug or glitch and the game is absolutely fantastic, 10/10 I say."
,Recommended,278080,24505772,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,POLYBIUS,"""Complete Edition""$190 of DLC XD"
76561198097239747,Not Recommended,278080,33132763,Posted: 2 July,all,????????,"i love dynasty warriors , so i give it a try for the pc ver .but i was so dissapointed , the game freeze everytime during the savefrom the forum can notice that this problem is long ago and they never fix"
,Not Recommended,278080,34957338,Posted: 14 September,all,♥ Boner ♥,"A perfect example for ""hey sorry guys but we ♥♥♥♥ed up the port (pc version)""Controlls are totaly ♥♥♥♥ed up and limited to keyboard only and when you try to change the inputs of the buttons everyone is already given to player 2, wouldn't be that bad if you just could set other buttons for player 2 (but you cant)Ok, you could play with controller at least i mean the game also works without problems and plays way better with controller, if the game would just show you any single controller buttons, instead of it you get shi*ty icons that even aren't made for keyboards."
,Recommended,278080,33948427,Posted: 1 August,all,E.,Nice game.
76561198044602080,Recommended,278080,30521624,Posted: 15 March,all,mayoammable,I like Lu Bu.
76561198012273110,Not Recommended,278080,13604906,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Lazy Madman,"It's a fun game where you're a titan and everyone else is an ant, but you NEED a gamepad because this doesn't support mouse controls, and quite frankly i think that if you have a game on the PC you need to support mouse/keyboard as a minimum.In no way does that make this a bad game. if you have a gamepad go ahead and get it, but otherwise don't."
,Recommended,278080,23928140,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,FOOL_POOL,Good.
76561197961214713,Not Recommended,278080,11314536,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lumpeh,"Terrible port! Does not have native 360 pad support or ingame button prompts, framerate chugs on my i5 4.5Ghz with a mini-Titan. Also you can't use any standard pc monitor 16:10 resolutions and forget about trying to modify your own in as its all hardcoded and external manipulation freaks the game out. I have to play this in a 1600x900 WINDOW if i can even be bothered to load it up..."
76561197974310134,Not Recommended,278080,10111324,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Shanawa,"It's a dynasty warriors game exactly like all the others. Those reviers who were praising the game to the sky reminded me the reasons i shouldn't trust them. The game dosn't have multiplayer other than split screen. Textures are terrible, there's nothing that makes this a good port.  This game is only worth it, if you can't be bothered with consoles and miss the good ol' days of dynasty warriors.Otherwise i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.You just have to note that the A button is ""back"", and B is ""confirm"". Don't ask why.. (Xbox controller)"
76561198047693395,Not Recommended,278080,13023501,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tanksnoobs - Road to 4K,when i pre-ordered it says comes with all DLC.... and lioke $200 of DLS atm that i have to pay for? I THINK NOT!
,Not Recommended,278080,10115318,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Kitten Chaingun,Not actually multiplayer. Only has local co-op.
,Not Recommended,278080,20175424,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AshOrigin,"Don't bother wasting your money if you are planning to play with an xb1 controller. Continuous spinning like RT or R Analog stick it always stuck, this happens on both my xb1 controllers so i bought a new wireless xeox PC controller which sucks, works better than the xb1 but still has a few issues. (Many people on stream have had this problem and so far there is no fix)Okey, then it keeps force closing the game and crashes if i try and change controller config!!!! I mean, i go in to battle, kill 2000 warriors and am about to complete the map and it force closes and i loose everything. This is the only steam game i've ever had a problem with and the problem is definatly not on my side, i am a huge DW fan and im sure the game is brilliant like most of the others but for these problems i feel liken i've been robbed."
,Recommended,278080,12433607,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Trino™,RAP3D with Lu BuWill RAP3 with again.
76561198198715502,Recommended,278080,32408795,Posted: 14 June,all,ハク,"no idea when JAPANESE VOICE is added, it can be used separately. This update makes this game 10/10.PS: I am a huge fan of DYNASTY WARRIORS"
,Recommended,278080,16476763,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,iie-kyo,It's okay.
,Not Recommended,278080,13790426,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Aesr,"So I am pretty dissatisfied with the Dynasty Warriors 8 port on PC. It is a direct console port with nothing added. No effort was taken in trying to configure it for pc users, the lack of multiplayer is equally as horrible. The only way to configure the graphics in DW8 is by navigating a horrible console gui and what you can change is very limited. Other ports we have gotten, took the time to actually add a proper config system to change the settings of the game outside of the game, and you could change a lot. I run two monitors at all times on my pc and the fact that I can't even change what display the game plays on is horrendous."
,Not Recommended,278080,32877762,Posted: 27 June,all,Spasmonke,"You need to have the patience of a saint to get around the crashes and the lazy port to pc, avoid at all costs."
,Recommended,278080,10590911,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rage,East Asian Genocide that makes Hitler smile.11/10Would massacre again!~~~ Needs sometype of online ko-op!
76561198027582549,Not Recommended,278080,19926742,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KdragonT,"Not Recommended.I was extremelly excited to see this finally get to a price point I was willing to pay for as I've always been a fan of dynasty warriors on the console.In saying that, for one the game will not allow for higher resolutions such as 4096 which is not a deal breaker but still leaves a sour taste in my mouth. Why I cant recommend the game is simply because I have an Xbox One controller with the reciever and it will simply not work or at least to the expected level. I am able to browse the menus and go back and forth but the key mapping is beyond messed up and when trying to remap the controls, the game will simply freeze up. It will work if I alt-tab out then go back in then I can change one button. Move to next button and freeze again.Searched and tried multiple fixes people recommended with no solution and I requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,278080,20016076,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fliz,"Xbox one controller will not work, game freezes and does not let you rebind the controls.Also does not save controls once they are rebound on keyboard either."
76561198080648035,Not Recommended,278080,10967519,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝UlquIoRra ⎠⎞,"Koei is likely to see negative reviews like this and think:""PC gamers just don't want Dynasty Warriors""To which I say:""Dear Koei; I wouldn't have bought it in the first place if I didn't want Dynasty Warriors on PC, you made top seller on your first day, but this is a terrible port and you people have a history of crappy ports and generally suck at supporting your games.""So that said, like many of Koei's other ports this game just falls short of all of the potential of the PC. It has no online multiplayer, inconsistent and often low texture quality on environments and especially on non-playable characters even during cutscenes, a unit limit far lower than what most PC's can handle, and no narration between missions (seriously how hard would that have been?). Some have also reported game crashing bugs, but I haven't encountered any.On the positive character textures and models for playable characters tend to be pretty good, and there are a ton of characters to play and a wide variety of weapons to choose from, as well as several modes of play. Voice acting remains hilarious which I believe is intentional.However the lack of narration between missions really hurts immersion in the story and feels uncanny and painfully silent after the fully voice acted cutscenes and battle speeches. Poor textures and extremely limited number of units allowed on screen also both serve to make the game feel unpolished on the PC.The lack of online multiplayer also really hurts the experience. Dynasty Warriors has tremendous potential here, and it's potential that is being entirely wasted.Koei has traditionally assumed that PC gamers just hate Dynasty Warriors, failing to understand that what PC gamers actually hate are broken glitchy terrible ports. Past PC ports such as Dynasty Warriors 6 Xtreme Legends were so broken that stores pulled them off the shelves, and received pretty much no support whatsoever.Hopefully this game making top seller on Steam will show Koei that the market is there for games like Dynasty Warriors and their previous assumptions were fundamentally irrational non sequiturs. Here's hoping for some patch support and the addition of a narrator and online multiplayer, at which point I'll revise this review."
,Recommended,278080,24437942,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,:ok_hand,"good story, great graphic, great gameplaybut too bad we can't setting the camera view, it is too close for mebut i still enjoy this game"
76561198041672671,Not Recommended,278080,10946315,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tact,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesn't run. Regardless of config changes.
,Recommended,278080,10116399,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Keetor,"Took on Lubu, got rekd 10/10."
76561198124939748,Not Recommended,278080,33303743,Posted: 6 July,all,SSibal,"It's a really fun game, but if you have a PS4 get it on that. The graphics are a pretty big downgrade, and it's crashed twice already..."
76561198112838066,Recommended,278080,12810101,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ark_Zilong,Its the best the DW series has ever been gameplay wise
,Recommended,278080,12752946,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,AlreadySalted,"Fun game, and a good game for breaking the boredom when i can't decide what to do. Not worth full price IMO, but worth a try if it goes on offer!"
,Recommended,278080,12795305,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Met@!!ic@,I have always enjoyed this franchise since Dynasty Warriors 3.  I would love to have someone to play this game with.  It is a good buy and very addicting once you get into the game.
76561198006556217,Recommended,278080,10576606,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kritarion,I tried to pursue Lu Bu and died. 10/10
76561198009060975,Recommended,278080,10603757,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Edgar Ellen Poe,"This game is great, lemme tell you. The first time I picked up the controller and I hit the wrong button, I ejaculated. I was very impressed by the depth and the story has really stepped it up a notch! Some scenes I even cried because of the sacrifices my lord Cao Cao had to make in order to achieve is ambition. Overall I think the area this game needs to improve on the most, would be the generic enemies aren't realisticly proportioned. I think if only they looked more believable, I would truly have been immersed in this wonderfully crafted game. Definately contender for GOTY of the year. 6/10"
76561198073945060,Recommended,278080,12964013,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,pls no shoot,"Let me just start and tell you that I have been playing Dynasty Warriors since the first one came out. I've played every single spin off, such as Orochi Warriors, Samurai Warriors, Strikeforce, etc.This one is one of my favorites out of all the other ones except for strikeforce.Pros-Amazing Character and Weapon selection-Fantastic gameplay (smooth like every single dynasty warrior game)-Different Storyline choices-Plentiful amount of modes-Graphics are top tier for a DW game-The port was very well doneCons-It still has the same very cheesy story you've heard a million times over.9.5/10 It was definitely worth the buy. You could literally spend hours commiting genocide like godzilla."
76561197969628949,Not Recommended,278080,20913988,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"This game is the definition of bad port.  There's no online support, the controller translation feels like it's just mouse/keyboard mapped onto the controller, missing options, and just overall it feels like they spent 10 minutes porting it to then called it a night.  Don't buy games like this, don't support blatent PC cash grabs from lazy Japanese development companies."
,Recommended,278080,13187348,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DeadFuck,250+ hours logged. G.D. right I recommend this game.
76561198027175943,Not Recommended,278080,11324926,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,omni19,"what a horrible port. cant map anything to the mouse? and i read someone complain about local co-op and thought thats fine.  i was going to play with someone on my network anyway.  Except, when they said local, they meant on the same computer!! F this game!"
,Not Recommended,278080,16737076,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CurlehMoustache,"Trash port based on the PS3 version, trash DLC practices. I bought this to play a DW game again since the ps2 era and I got exactly what I ordered and a reminder that DW games really don't change. I wish refunds were available back when I bought it."
76561198056312605,Not Recommended,278080,22134743,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Messingo,Didn't have Lu Bu x Lu Bu extremely disappointed.
76561197994150833,Recommended,278080,12812295,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sir Lui,"Fun game, reminds me of DW5 where all the characters are unique in combat. 10/10!"
,Recommended,278080,10579575,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SampleFriend is #RECKLESS,Pros:Cute girlsCan completely ignore all the missions involving Lu BuGuan Yu is still a ♥♥♥♥ing crazy mofocker on the battlefieldmusicCons:Cao Cao is still a fuccboi
,Recommended,278080,10595725,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dory and Nemo Die,Despite the terrible metascore I thouroughly enjoyed when Lu Bu shoved his weapon down my throat and out of my butt. Go man mode and play hardest difficulty. 10/10 always chase Lu Bu.
76561198044428524,Recommended,278080,14630004,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,PointlessMan,Better war simulator than Call of Duty.
,Recommended,278080,13181754,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,pine4pple,"if you like DW games before, the price is suitable with the joy"
76561198009198335,Not Recommended,278080,13198492,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cam4759,Really difficult to control the view and look about since you cannot use mice like normal.#fix please
,Not Recommended,278080,20713244,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,togera13 | kickback.com,"Awkward controls, repetitive gameplay splitscreen local co op was just not enjoyable."
76561198031999314,Not Recommended,278080,22188377,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Swiz,Very poor controller support = unplayable/unenjoyable
,Recommended,278080,15261713,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Knave of Hearts,Duh.
,Recommended,278080,30265452,Posted: 1 March,all,SirKaitos,X Button simulatorThat is all
76561198339882503,Recommended,278080,30187142,Posted: 25 February,all,Melvin Chng,great game and the music was much varies as well.
76561198263101725,Recommended,278080,23854201,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thejoker9595,so much butt rock!10/10
,Recommended,278080,34414156,Posted: 22 August,all,PRODIGY,This Game is Recomended.. We Can Custom our own weapon and city.. and in this dynasti so many spesial attack added.. cannot wait for dynasti warrors 9..!!!
,Recommended,278080,10138689,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ForeChan,Enjoying the game so far.Pros:Game seems to keep a steady frame rate and it plays really smooth.Loads of heroes and weapons / abilitiesBunch of game modes from Story to ambition or Free Mode.Being able to tell your General bodyguards where to attack / defend is ♥♥♥♥ing cool as! (Wish they expand on this kind of thing more!)Cons:No resolutions above 1080p/1200p (at this moment)I dont think there is any map editor :(((((((((Consolish graphics but still good. (could have been better)Those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fgts that throw rocks at you and wreck you FK U U FKNG PSICE ♥♥♥♥♥SER10/10 would recommend.
76561197968395220,Recommended,278080,10144890,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Lillian the Guard,"Incredibly good port, it uses outdated but enhanced (Ps3) graphics and runs beautifully on my pc. the game itself has several weeks worth of content, the game does NOT have multiplayer however i am confident that Koei will add it in later via patch. Game runs beautifully on both controller AND keyboard, mouse is not supported but is easily worked around by using arrow keys to pan the camera.  The button prompts are in keyboard even if you have a controller enabled, although thats not really a big deal. The maps are just different enough to be unique each time, and every map you complete unlocks another map in which you can play as the opposite side in free mode which allows for hours of gameplay, you can also reset your officer levels if you wish to start over or have a challenge.9/10"
76561198035703918,Not Recommended,278080,14712192,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BAREBEAR,good game. but this port is bad..
76561198036281454,Not Recommended,278080,23749989,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Holygamer,The controls for this game with a keyboard are abysmal. The game lists partial control support but I couldn't get it working with my Xbox 360 or xbox one controller. If I had this game would have been much more bearable. The overall game play is pretty much exactly what you'd expect from a dynasty warriors game and the sheer amount of playable characters is huge. If they had simply spent a bit more time on the controls it would be a far more enjoyable and playable experience.
76561198082216836,Not Recommended,278080,16542295,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,What Sausage,WARNING. DO NOT GET IT IF YOU'R EXPECTING MOUSE CONTROLLS. IT DOES NOT USE MOUSE AT ALL AND YOU CANT CONFIGURE IT TO.
,Recommended,278080,19223223,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Coked up Camel,"This game is addicting - if you're into button mashing and slaying thousands of Chinese soldiers. Lu Bu's storyline definitely makes this game (and expansion) awesome.Definitely recommend. I use a keyboard but I suspect you could plug in a controller and use that to play. Either way it's a fun game, 10/10 play it!Only thing I dislike about it is the fact that so much of the DLC's are not bundled and are very pricey. 4/10 - Don't buy any DLC's unless you want to drop some serious money.Music is great. 10/10Overall, probably a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,278080,13564064,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Aris_Undatia,"I wantted to play this game, but I cannot, I cant run it, at all, it crashes at start up. From what I hear its because my UsB headset is incompatable with the game, so I do the obvious thing, and Disable the games sound, still doesnt work, If UsB is the problem, I cant play this game without getting, A new headset, Keyboard and Mouse, personally a little warning would have been nice by the game, I have wasted 16USD ( Atleast it was on sale ) And I personally am Sending in a ticket, I am a huge fan of Dynasty Warriors and am highly upset that I cant play this game more then the fact that I just lost 16$... Starting to wish there is a refund Policy because I feel ripped off, due to the games lack of warning in compatability and Lack of support towards Customers, If someone May be able to help me resolve my problem, this Down vote will possibly be changed to an upvote if I can play this game... otherwise For those who use USB Devices be aware that they seem to be incompatable with this game."
76561197976244641,Not Recommended,278080,14474394,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,swell,"PC controls are actually insane, you can't use the mouse.  Why can't you use the mouse.  Why would you do that you simple ♥♥♥♥s."
76561198156549104,Recommended,278080,13905714,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,♥함은정,zxc
,Not Recommended,278080,21793662,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Koharu,"WE NEED CONTROLLER SUPPORTS !!It's stupid to buy game without control supports, how the hell we gonna play?"
76561198285483328,Not Recommended,278080,23845764,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,res0bj501,"Although I love the series, did they really have to release PS3 port just so they can ride on sony's d1ck to maintain ""exclusive"" feel for PS4? consoles are toxic and they should be banned. o and dlcs are complete bs.Also no one seems to be complaining about flaws in the games design since it is overshaowed by ps3 graphics and conroller issues.1. terrible/ambiguous directions- maps like ""clash at changban"" give you terrible directions for strategies you cannot understand. Zhuge Liang tells you to ""lure the enemy out and be careful not to be suspicious"". How? What? The game simply doesn't tell you and promotes you to search things online. Not to mention the fact that all the star missions on the story mode have similar problems.2. Weak/uncompetetive characters- This always has been an issue in all DW games where you have characters that are completely worthless because their combos/mosou attacks leaves you vulnerable during its execution. Now DW8 has compromised this some what by letting characters use any weapon. However, people would still avoid playing some characters like Wang Yi, where you like the character design or not, on chaos/ultimate mode since using their attacks would give them instant death. On the other hand characters like Yue Ying and Deng Ai are unstoppable.3. Terrible cut scenes and story- I know that some people would say that story isn't the focus of DW games and they always had cheesy cut scenes. However, having spin off story tells me that the developers actually care enough about the story to do so. Also some of the cut scenes make you cringe as soon as you see them and are unwatchable. Also the terrible sequences where someone is injured/assasinated or whatever and they don't die until the cutscene happens at the end of the stage. Cheesy story and unrealistic story sequence make the whole cast look like imbeciles. As a person who knows the actual story of the three kingdoms, this offends me. I know that game developers can't follow the story to the very letter, but why can't they make characters sound intelligent.Now the implementation of the linear story with possibility of spinoff routes is a great idea since it gives the developers a lot of free space for great writing. However any expectation of interesting story telling is butchered by the reasons i have mentioned above.4. DA F***ing DLCs- why does all of that actually add up to nearly 200 bucks? Just why? They could have all easily been under 50 at most. Also why not have god like textures/graphic content that pushes the limits of PC graphics card for a DLC instead of costumes that basically have no affect on the gameplay?5. ARBELESTS of death- SERIOUSLY F**K THIS THING! Its bad enough that this thing knocks you back continually and get you killed, but why does it take like one million hits to break this thing?  THESE THINGS CAME STRAIGHT FROM HELL!Overall, the game in itself is enjoyable but leaves you asking for more, just like most triple A titles these days."
,Recommended,278080,19826792,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Robotlegs,"Pros:- It's pretty damn good, and lots of content/features/characters.- I was moderately disappointed with DW since 4, but this was refreshing.- Acceptable PC port (see cons section). Note that I didn't say ""excellent"".- Killing millions of chinamen that were simply following orders has never been so easy and fun.Cons:- Default KB/M keybinds are totally whack. Who the hell decided that?- Using a controller doesn't change the control instructions to match your keybinds. I don't have the tab key on a controller?- CPU utilization is garbage. This can be expected from a console port, because consoles are a cancer upon the gaming industry, but seriously? Tons of users have issues with this game slowing down because it only likes using a single thread.- It's absolutely unbelievable that this game series does not have online multiplayer by now. You can sorta remedy this by using NVidia Gamestream to simulate local co-op, but... this is (almost) 2016, and on steam, and they can't spare some of the cash that they gouge from the players to code some online multiplayer through steam? What?- The developers/publishers are not US based, and don't give a crap about you, and will never read your complaints.- The voiceovers suck. Do yourself a favor and get the JP voice mod."
,Recommended,278080,12702261,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,{KFC}weiman22,There are new characters and u can play with friends!
,Recommended,278080,24090408,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Molag Zaal,"Works great with a PS4 controller. Love the series and this one is really well done. Maybe not as difficult, still great though."
,Recommended,278080,10269743,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,hetz15,Lu Bu against everyone...Lu Bu wins...Awesome game!!
,Recommended,278080,10267498,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,co199,"After putting roughly 30 hours into this game and trying all of the game modes, I feel like I can write a reasonable review.System SpecsWindows 8.1Intel Core i7 4702HQ8GB RAM512GB SSDnVidia GTX 765m1600x900 ResolutionPerformanceThe first week of this game's release was pretty rough for Windows 8.1 users. I had repeated hangs where the game would freeze on a loading screen, requiring closing the game and re-opening it. There were ways around this (namely running in Win98 compatibility mode), but those problems have been resolved with the first patch. Now that the patch has been released, I have absolutely no slowdown with all settings cranked. Dynasty Warriors games have never been too demanding and this game doesn't change that. As long as you're not trying to run the game on a potato, you should be okay.GameplayDynasty Warriors has long been a series that players either love or hate. I haven't played a Dynasty Warriors game since DW6, as I don't own a console. When I saw DW8 was coming to the PC, I had to jump on it. Let me tell you - this game is a world apart from DW6, and it's for the better. There is a lot of content here:- 6 story modes: Lu Bu, Wu, Wei, Shu, Jin and Other, all with different branching stories.- Free mode, where you can play any officer in any level.- Challenge mode, where you have a set challenge to beat at a set level.- Ambition mode, where you build a base camp and then conquer ancient China.Roughly 30-35 hours in and I've only beaten one story mode (without the hypothetical branch) and dipped my toes into Free and Challenge modes. I've made it through the first half of Ambition mode, as well. Those modes, combined with the ability to level all the characters to 150 and get special weapons leads to a huge amount of content; I'd venture to say there's between 60-100 hours of content here, easily.ControlsI play without a controller. I remapped the keys to WASD for movement and JKLI for attacks. Using LSHFT for block and camera center and Space for jump has worked well for me. I'm not sure about controller mapping, as I don't use a controller.SoundThe dubbing is gloriously cheesy in this game, but it's Dynasty Warriors - what do you expect? I enjoy the over-the-top voice acting and cheesy buttrock soundtrack; will it win any awards? No, but this game isn't about the story so much as it is chopping through thousands of footsoldiers only to drop a massive Musou attack and ooh and aah at the pretty colors.VerdictI didn't mind paying full price for the game, as I have limited experience with Dynasty Warriors and knew what I was getting into. The initial pre-patch game was a little rough to deal with, but now that it's been patched this is a great game. I'd perhaps wait for a sale if you're new to DW, but there's a lot to love here."
,Not Recommended,278080,18437305,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Big Meech,Jesus Christ this is probrably the worst port of a game I have ever played. I only play controller and the controller set up is awful. If your going to buy lower your expectations for this game or buy it for the console
76561198127522780,Recommended,278080,18392095,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Freed Dylandy,7/10
,Not Recommended,278080,10966105,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mitien,пока что кривой порт.возможно при апдейтах исправят артефакты графики и управления.
,Recommended,278080,11304286,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,PixelTupac,"As a huge fan of the DW series (played since DW2 came out on PS2), I highly enjoyed this game. They did a fantastic job on the new characters and the rage system is phenomenal. That being said, if you are brand new to the DW series I wouldn't recommend this game. I believe that you have to have a love for the series in order to enjoy this game, unless combat is your cup of tea. If you're brand new and appreciate story and cinematics more than combat, I would recommend DW4, DW6, or DW7 instead, all of which are some of the only few available on PC as well (luckily).TL;DR: If you enjoy the DW series for the combat and not so much the plotline, then this game would be for you. If you are a DW loremaster like me (although I enjoy the combat as well), the other games in the series are extremely better.~~~~SPOILER WARNING FROM HERE ON OUT. READ AT YOUR OWN RISK~~~~-The Bad-The Story Mode is argubly the best mode in the game, next to Challenge Mode. Ambition Mode is almost literally a grindfest, and Free Mode is pretty pointless unless you're farming for weapons.Difficulty:That being said, Story Mode has some difficulty problems. If you play on normal difficulty setting, the game would be semi-difficult in the beignning stages but once you get to the 4th or 5th battle it gets ridiculously easy. Especially if you find decent weapons along the way. Basically the 1st battle is the hardest and the last battle is the easiest. If you try raising the difficulty, the beginning stages are ridiculously difficult, but if you can get past them the rest of the games difficulty should become easier. Regardless, you shouldn't have to up the difficulty of a game because you get baby fed OP weapons. Also, some characters gain rage meter ridiculously fast and it lets you cheese the battles (Xiahou Yuan for example).Cutscenes:The cutscenes were alright. There were other games in the series that had way more powerful cutscenes though. Most of the cutscenes were either someone dying or a random group of peon's running to an officer and just getting slaughtered. Also, from a story standpoint, the cutscenes were a little upsetting. Big important events that had cutscenes in all the other games (like Pang Tong's death at Luo Castle) were removed and instead replaced with a cutscene at the end of a battle. People want to see cutscenes in the heat of the moment, that's what the series did so well and that's what the people love. I don't know why they got rid of it. Seems like they tried to coalesce every big event into one cutscene at the end of every battle.Graphics:The graphics in this game are not to be what is expected from a 2014 PC release. DW7 looks almost identical, and has more realistic features (like after killing somebody their body stays there on the ground instead of mystically disappearing like in this game). It seems like they updated armor textures, facial expressions, and some spell effects, but in all honesty I want to have an eyegasm when I'm out on the battlefield fighting, not in cinematics. Especially with todays technology, upgrading the graphics instead of copy and pasting them from DW7 wouldn't be that difficult.-The Good-Combat:This game hands down has the best combat I have ever played in the series thus far. From using your rage meter, to switching weapons to gain an advantage in battle, the combat in this game is phenomenal. Plenty of options that keeps it fresh and interesting.Characters:There are a plethora of characters in this game. Koei did an insanely good job at making each character unique and have their own style of fighting. There's no two characters that you can pick up and play the exact same. It's also exciting when you get to play someone new, even though I play Zhou Tai 99% of the time.Variety:Another great feature of this game is it's variety. Instead of just having the 3 standard story modes (Wu, Wei, Shu), they added in Jin, Other, and Lu Bu's story mode. 6 different storylines to play through. This is most of the reason why I'm addicted to this game. What's even better, is you can jump between Story Modes and it will save your progress in all of them (not battle saves though). Sure, the cutscenes and difficulty may be subpar, but as a diehard DW fan I always look past that.I hope this review helps some people out. I tried to give some insight as to what you are getting yourself into when buying this game.Edit - Just realized the game is on sale right now for $25 once again. Highly recommend picking it up, even if you are new to the series. Pick it up cheap while you can, it probably won't be on sale anymore after this."
76561198022701030,Recommended,278080,11783054,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,What is a man?,"Its fun, i like it 7.5/10"
76561198038096450,Recommended,278080,10176580,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,RavenEyry,"Not a flawless port but fully playable, if you ever wanted to try dynasty warriors on PC this is probably worth it."
,Recommended,278080,10179111,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,ChronoSwitchX,"My first Dynasty Warriors experience and I'm all hooked up! So far the game keept me mesmerized without feeling that the gameplay is repetitive.The port, however, is not perfect. While I encountered no serious bugs, if you are using Win 8.1, like me, then there will be occasionally freezes (black screen) while loading the map but I'm sure there will be fixes.The game is also no fully complete. There are most DLC's from the PS3 port missing and also there is no narrator voice and, most important,  no online multiplayer co-op. However, the content deserves XTREME very well. There is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to do! It features over 80 characters, each with their own weapons and movesets. I fully completed the Shu storyline and it took me at least 25h.If you are into japanese games, you problably will like it. Don't give the metacritic score too much weight, try it or buy it, but if you are not sure, wait until sales. Otherwise, you will make Lu Bu said! :("
76561198043289657,Recommended,278080,10679431,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Acapella,Definitely a great game. Brings back childhood memories. It's the same old game I loved but modernized. I like the cutscenes and pre-game interactions a ton. They add a new element to the series and I love it.
,Recommended,278080,10184878,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,OtakuB*,"Well lets see you pick a character guy or girl, and then you destroy everyone in your path!!and for you all that say Lu Bu OMG hes a monster psssshhhh He fears me.also you get to be Lu Bu's daughter which is my new favorite character!!10/10 its good to be a pure Bada**"
,Recommended,278080,10852498,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,shinobu_loli,"If you're DYNASTY WARRIORS FAN, you must buy it!"
76561197987121294,Recommended,278080,11360140,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Blue Demon,Classic Dynasty warriors feel with a few revamps to make it not the stale same old system. Highly enjoy the story lines and possibilities that can occur. Only complaints would be the lack of online co-op and key binding. The mouse couldn't be bound so I ended up using a controller.Overall 8/10
76561197997947683,Recommended,278080,11788915,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Tragic Johnson,Miraculous Genocide
,Recommended,278080,12701770,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Authin,Solid DW game. Nuff said.
76561198066432376,Recommended,278080,11003386,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,I FORGET WHAT WE'RE DOING,its is yes
76561198017268780,Recommended,278080,12721942,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DethDodge,Someone please stop letting me buy Dynasty Warriors games. 7/10
,Recommended,278080,16668317,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PizzaPal,Couldnt ♥♥♥♥in spell extreme right
,Not Recommended,278080,33063188,Posted: 30 June,all,Chris,♥♥♥♥♥♥controls.Doesn't support any larger resolution other than standard 1080.Can't even escape to a menu while in game.
,Recommended,278080,10168085,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,DeathScavenger,This game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥ROCK HARD.Hack and slash at it's finest.  The game play is repetative... but I knew that going in.  I wanted to kill billions by repeatedly mashing buttons and this game delivered! Plus you get to play as Lu Bu. MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING LU BU!*Multiplayer is local only (sad face)
76561198089027270,Recommended,278080,10261755,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,✠ Cneck ✠,10/10 would get owned by Lu Bu
,Recommended,278080,11442244,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Backstory,"Dynasty Warriors is a stupid game where you mindlessly hack and slash your way through ancient Chinamen and occassionally hulk out and kill more ancient Chinamen even faster than normal. It's pretty great, you should buy it. Pursue Lu Bu, he's an OK guy."
,Recommended,278080,10289449,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,✪ F1rst§-,"it's a fun game ! you should try it, they already fixed the problem."
,Recommended,278080,24155794,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,The Progenitor,"I don't know what it is about this game that makes me want to do the following things: kill lots of enemies, kill lots of enemy officers, find better weapons, and level up tons.Would lather, rinse, and repeat again! 10,000,000/10!"
,Recommended,278080,11296698,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Antimony,"All right, listen up! Let me address a few things. If you're mostly concerned about gameplay, I'd highly recommend pulling up a video and watching a little but, but be warned: it's a lot more fun playing than watching!Repetition: This game's combat system is reliant on a set string of six normal attacks combined with five charge attacks, and two additional attacks specific to each character. Each attack is different for every type of weapon. While there are 81 different weapon types, it is up to you to keep it interesting. It's a beat 'em up- button mashing will get you there most of the time. With that being said, no one character has the same weapon; each one has unique moves with their specific weapon.Voice acting: In my personal opinion, I like the English voice acting, as I like being able to understand what is being said, and some characters sound pretty darn good in English. If you're a sub snob, then you'll probably lodge a complaint like many other peoplealready have.Online play: It's not here, and this type of game really doesn't need it. That's never been what Dynasty Warriors was about. Sometimes it's okay to play by yourself.Dynasty Warriors revolves around the Three Kingdoms period of China, where the Han has fallen and the three rising kingdoms of Wei, Wu, and Shu fight to unify the land under one rule. This entry follows the storytelling format of the last game closely, except Dynasty Warriors 8 is a faster pace, but offers you the chance to play as one of up to four relevant characters in that particular battle. In addition, this version has hypothetical routes. ""If something had or had not happened in a certain battle, how would things have turned out for this kingdom?""The music is mostly rock/heavy metal with Chinese influences. The music producers do a wonderful job of making you feel emotion. Most of it is geared to get you ready to charge into battle and defeat the enemy. There's plenty of serene and somber music, as well, and they also included music from previous titles, so you can see how far they've come, in that respect!graphics suck, who cares, next topicEach battle has you do something specific so you can't just go straight to the commander and off him, like previous titles. There's a point to all of them that furthers the storyline and denotes the purpose of star generals. Being able to charge into a crowd of enemies and tear 'em down by yourself can be thrilling, but you can't forget that you have a job to do, and some other officers may rely on you for their survival, if only for a moment.Each storyline for each kingdom will take you roughly three hours to finish, excluding hypothetical routes. After traveling with the leader and the officers under his command will make you understand each man's ambition, and what drives him to succeed. With most modernized history, things are largely exaggerated for the sake of entertainment or to help the story flow, but Koei provides an Encyclopedia of each and every character that appears on the battlefield, including generic officers, and gives you a little biography of their life during the later Han and Three Kingdoms period.In short, this game appeals to me because of the story it tells, and each interesting character that appears within the game. Koei has tried hard to make the game have a degree of replayability, and has changed the story mode quite dramatically. This series has been going on for quite some time, and while many things have stayed the same, I believe it is because Koei has the idea of familiarity in mind. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, eh? The quality of these games has not dwindled though, as I have rarely encountered issues with playability, or didn't like something they have changed.I hope that I have thoroughly covered general points enough so that you understand what this series is about. And, y'know, don't pursue Lu Bu, unless you've got the proper levels."
76561198025797452,Recommended,278080,11293694,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,toraterra,"if you ever feel even slightly annoyed at anything, fear not, just load up this game, try your best to remember the controls and just slaughter thousands of people until you feel better, an absolutely fantastic game :D"
76561198061578251,Recommended,278080,10856427,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ej52,Having a lot of fun with this game. Very addictive.
,Recommended,278080,10766043,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GrayGL,"I am very happy they brought Dynasty Warriors to the PC, Dynasty and Samurai Warriors were the games I played as a kid and have been 2 of my favorite game series sense I started them. Being able to hack and slash, combo, musou kill hundreds and even thousands of enemies per battle never gets old, it has a story mode, ambition mode, free play mode, and even a challenge mode. Has all the original games music that you can choose to play during a level, beautiful cinematics, gallery, enclopedia... this game brings out the best in Dynasty Warriors by far. 82 characters or so to play in this masterpiece, it includes all DLC from Dynasty Warriors 8 within it, so no worries about that. Get this game, it is addicting as hell like all the others, I played 11 hours on the day I got it xD"
,Not Recommended,278080,11452851,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Stanfield,"i used to play one of the old Dynasty Warriors on PS2, but the contols on this game make ite unplayable. The game requires a controler."
76561198053546815,Not Recommended,278080,11773685,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Blue,No multiplayer.
,Recommended,278080,33112509,Posted: 1 July,all,谁知盘中餐粒粒皆辛苦,nice game
,Recommended,278080,29866915,Posted: 11 February,all,TiltedCube,I'm glad to be back playing this game since I played this on platform Playstation 3 and Playstation 4Good God... I will smack all the army♥♥♥♥♥♥with my Legendary Halberd once again!Good gameplay btw :)
,Recommended,278080,30211909,Posted: 26 February,all,alias ALLMIGHT,"Nostalgic game. Highly recommend if you played the old versions. Otherwise, give it a try if you like wrecking enemies."
,Recommended,278080,29871089,Posted: 12 February,all,✪Sukiulie,No wordss
,Recommended,278080,18430829,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,lawrence eagleburger,kill the chinese
,Recommended,278080,10697639,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,Honey Lu Bu. He will be the King !
,Recommended,278080,10178283,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,party_steve,It's a very good game but this port isn't bad theres only 3 things that I complained about. PS3 Textures... really? Controller support is there but its wonky you need to remap controlls when you first launch and the button icons are just gray boxes with a sword or etc. in it and my final gripe is not enough resolutions are supported my moniter is 1680x1050 and it isn't supported.
,Recommended,278080,10142823,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Danii_Pani,I love the Dynasty Warriors games i have played them all and i enjoy them all ill never get bored of this game and i hope they  keep bring more Dynasty Warriors out for the PC BECAUSE IT AMAZING :D
76561198017094063,Recommended,278080,10115924,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Flashpoint,"Ugh, where to begin on this? I've only played about 2 missions in this game before I had to stop, so I don't quite have a lot of details about the game itself. If you've played any other Dynasty Warriors game before you already know what to expect from the gameplay. If not, it is a ridiculous, over the top hack n' slash game loosely based on the book series ""Romance of the Three Kingdoms"". The gameplay itself is fun, and its mostly about spectacle fighting, but there is a bit of difficulty and a high chance of suddenly being killed from only a few hits on the harder difficulties.So what's actually new in this version? More characters, more weapons, more stages, Lu Bu gets his own personal story mode in the same category as Wu, Wei, Shu, and Jin (honestly this just sounds like a DLC pack more than anything). The game is addictively fun especially if you like spectacle fighters or fast paced hack n' slashes.So what are the downsides? Well its a below average quality PC port. My first and most pertinent issue is texture flickering. The textures on a lot of ground flicker like crazy around any hills, and sometimes disappear completely. This is the reason I could only play 2 missions before I had to stop. I've attempted messing with the graphics options but there seems to be no way to fix it in game (if anyone can find a fix for this, PLEASE let me know).Second problem: The graphics options menu. For a PC game it has very few choices for graphics settings. The major issue here though is the resolution setting. Instead of a drop down selector you have to scroll through each possible resolution, and the game reloads in the new resolution and asks you if you want to keep the new setting. This is just frustrating and pointless.Third problem: Control displays. The game features fully rebindable controls for every action in the game, and thats wonderful, it really is. The issue is that no matter what you set the controls to, or if you're using a gamepad, the game will always display keyboard controls on the menus, and in game they just show a random key with a picture that vaguely describes the action you would do if you hit that key. The question is, what key/button is it? It's a guessing game that requires you to continuosly refer back to your controls to figure out what does what.Final problem: This is more of a personal issue, but the overall graphics quality. I understand that the DW series has never won an award for amazing graphics, but playing this even on the highest graphics settings I feel like I'm playing a PS Vita or old XBox 360 game on my PC. The graphics feel like an overall downgrade from the original DW 8 on XBox 360. I get that not everyone has a monster tower of a computer that can run anything a person can dream up, but I'd at least like to play something that doesn't look like it belongs on a portable system.The second, third, and final problem I can live with and still whole-heartedly recommend this game, because at the end of the day, its all about the gameplay with this title, but the first problem physically harms my eyes on most stages. I will still recommend this game, its still fun as all hell, but I don't recommend playing it too much until the texture flicker is either fixed with a patch or someone finds a work-around to make it stop. Til then I suggest refraining from excessive play times."
,Recommended,278080,10119786,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Fuzzy_Spider,"I will answer the burning question many of you have: Yes, this is Dynasty Warriors. It works just as well as the console versions, and perfectly with a controller."
,Recommended,278080,23449499,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Fastball only!,Good Game :D
76561198007674930,Recommended,278080,10596324,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fel,"First time I get my hands on a Dynasty Warriors, and even if it's not perfect, I definitely did get a lot of fun playing it, and with the recent patch making rank 5-6 weapons better, I'll definitely continue to play for a while.Do keep in mind that there is no online, you will want a game pad to play at your best (playable with keyboard, not optimal), the controls are a bit weird, even when you rebind the keys, and even though you get a 60FPS experience, the graphics are PS3 level, not PS4.All in all, if you can accept the ""bad"" parts, you might have a lot of fun with the amount of content you get."
,Recommended,278080,16766881,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Allen D. Groove,First Dynasty Warriors game in the franchise to come to Steam. 10/10
76561198056947170,Not Recommended,278080,15430969,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kerack,Bad for pc.
76561198061912207,Recommended,278080,17910902,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CastleZ,I love the game theme. Game play is good but you will bore after play more than 20 hrs.
,Recommended,278080,13533891,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,over the hefge 2,This game is stupid but i'm stupid so we fit together
76561198121741011,Not Recommended,278080,14084140,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CapStylz,I bought this thinking that I would be able to play with my mouse... you know like any normal game would but no you expect me to use buttons on my keyboard to control where Im looking as well as hitting and moving. How can a development company be so unbelieveably naieve and idiotic
,Recommended,278080,11980649,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,FirstImpulse,"If you're a fan of the series already it won't disappoint. Ridiculous amount of content for the price, especially if you got it while it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,278080,10113951,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SOla LG,"Without multiplayer, yet displayed, it is not worth its price------I buy this game for the multiplayer tagued in steam"
76561198046452542,Recommended,278080,23742592,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MMMP,I never knew Mass Murder could be so satisfying.
,Recommended,278080,17646081,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Echolon,"Want to feel like a anime hero? Play this! The graphics are ~ok~, but its not that important! You can kill 1000 enemys in 5 min! So its superfun in small burst of playtime."
,Recommended,278080,16500768,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Senator Cthulu,"You can kill thousands of enemies in minutes as a qt grill. Surely, that's all your need as incentive, right? Still not as good as Hyrule Warriors, but fun as balls."
76561198328741608,Recommended,278080,28579428,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sumomask,best dynasty warrior ever
76561198046303721,Recommended,278080,22545651,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Axl Krow,Best Dynasty Warriors since 3.3 > 8 > 6 > 4 > 5 > 7Not really worth ranking 1 and 2. The first can't be compared and 2 is pretty much DW3-lite.
,Not Recommended,278080,20265118,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Let me show you my TRUMP CARDS,"After years Koei games still have that hitted by nothing bug. Oh well, last game from them that I buy anyways.List of bugs/negligences of devs:Spawn at the other end of the map on ambitious mode and your officers got defeated one by one when you reach the frontlines (you dont want to redo stupid missions to get them back)Hit by nothingHit by nothing again (different from the nothingness above, I can't really tell since I can't see them)Bodyguards stand in front of closed gates if there are any inbetween their original position and their destination, ya, they just take damage until they flee, they never heard of detour.If you stand aside and actually look at those soldiers fight, the enemy soldiers will attack A LOT MORE OFTEN than your own ally soldiers (maybe they are the nothingness that hit you)Horses can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥unless they are famed horses, like whats the point of putting them in there when they are going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥ IF WALKING IS A LOT FASTER WHY EVEN MAKE THOSE STUPID HORSES????????And most of all and probably the oldest♥♥♥♥♥♥they still throw into this series, DUMBASSES for commander, only on your side.I think I will stop here before my heart explodes like Dong Zhuo's bomb."
,Recommended,278080,13571197,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Xenrek,iz salright
,Recommended,278080,12329191,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,DangerZebra,Having a bad day? Play this.Beating your way through thousands of grunts is a brilliant stress reliever.Would have loved online multiplayer but there is plenty of content (if sometimes a little repetitive) for hours and hours of play time.
,Recommended,278080,13116519,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tholt,"The game is Dynasty Warriors. It's the best stress ball known to gaming. However, this PC port is a pile of crap. Locked to 720p, horrible control scheme that doesn't show the button that an action is bound to, but a picture representing the action, causing you to have to rebind all the keys, and try to remember what all the symbols are. It does have controller support, but you need to bind all of the controller controls yourself. 7/10"
,Recommended,278080,12302711,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Karr,Amazing Gameplay and sound track really great models on main characters tons of things to do too. The Wu shall prevail!
76561198011404700,Recommended,278080,12358200,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ThatGuyYouKnow,Overall fun hack and slash
76561198053666536,Recommended,278080,12363463,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Loki Mischief God,"Just as good and great as the others in the series. It's a hack and slash, but the controls are easy enough that you can get into a flow of things."
76561197979329101,Recommended,278080,12367757,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Adrenaline,Lu Bu is a boss in this game
76561198061198378,Recommended,278080,12389455,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jrmyvett,i like this game
,Recommended,278080,12359828,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Alexsaurus,"After playing almost 10 hours in the first afternoon that I owned the game... I think it's safe to say that despite the PC port being so bad that the pause button doesn't work no matter what I bind it to, I'll still play it religiously because it's Dynasty Warriors, and I will love every minute of it..."
76561198057877000,Recommended,278080,12417235,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lu Bu,"Was Lu Bu, persued people.10/10"
76561198014048917,Recommended,278080,12316824,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,TheAceOfSkulls,"Unless you are unable to get over the poor tutorials that don't bother to label buttons, the fact that certain actions are linked together in ways that prevent easy button mapping, and the fact that enemy variety is not exactly a thing here, this game is amazing.Providing enough content to last over 70 hours with a large pool of distinct and colorful characters and a story that's somehow a bit more interesting than you might think, this is well worth its price tag.While several other games out there involve hacking and slashing through swarms of enemies, the Warriors series continues to be the best of this bunch. While this means you're not buying the most complex of plots, the best in voice acting, or the skillful of combat systems, if all you need is something interesting enough to unwind with, with combat that feels right and flows wells, then you need this in your library."
,Recommended,278080,12332974,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,OzzyThunder,"Although it is the basic Dynasty Warriors we all know and love, I would still like to either see:1. DW5E on steam and DW4 as well or2. Character creation along with a group of customiseable bodyguardsAlthough this games takes on the story mode was well executed with hypothetical and historical routes. I would say best story mode in the series. Still want to see empires though"
76561197999071524,Recommended,278080,12382935,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ShiftyCactus,Gave myself carpal tunnel from playing for an hour 10/10
76561198062502911,Recommended,278080,12403777,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,NobleDrakon,Best game 3var! LuBu is op af!
,Recommended,278080,12404784,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,derw4tz,"This game is Huge. It has 5 campaigns with around 4-5hours each if you burst through. then each campaign has a branch where it leads to a different ending. Reaching those ill give you another 4-5hours per campaign (if your rush).Then you have a building mode where you can build a base and recruit your own little army. To max this out id take another 20hours+. And then you have more difficultys to toy around.Doesnt that get boring?Well you have 77 different charakters each with there own skills. and each one can wear any of 77 different weapontypes (every char has a signature weapon but you are not forced to use that)Oh yeah there are 7 different weapons of each weapon type and each weapon can have up to 6 random stats (that go up to 10 each)wowzaIf you like being the hero and flinging around 100-250 enemy soldiers at once and comboing up 2k (as in 2000) hit chains this might be the game for you.Controlls are smooth as ♥♥♥♥. Im personally very bad at fighting games or at doing combos in devil may cry but i can do every combo of the character of my choice in this game.Love it, dig it."
76561197998757486,Recommended,278080,12828503,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Duckyours,Do not pursue Lu Bu!
,Recommended,278080,12125051,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Drixel,good game. like the ambition mode. and like the variety of weapons.
76561198024551734,Recommended,278080,12125526,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Lord Baker,"Great Game! So much to do, and With two Xbox Controllers, you can split screen! Had a great time woth this one. Wish it had an online thought :("
,Recommended,278080,10203199,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"Note: My earlier review was unfavorable for the following reasons, however I am now being favorable of this game:*Problems*------------------------------ Early release problems regarding controller rebinding. Also discovered that the game uses DInput rather than XInput, so some controllers will not work (like the Nvidia Shield Portable) without extra effort involved. If you buy this, make sure to have a fully working 360 controller or you will be dissapointed.- No Network Multiplayer yet.*Good Things*------------------------------ It's Dynasty Warriors on PC.- Ambition Mode is very fun, and does provide some break from grinding the campaigns over and over.- Japanese VA available (this was added in as free DLC after release)Should you buy it?-----------------------------I'd say in it's current form, yes, assuming you have a working 360 Controller and are a fan of the Dynasty Warrior series.Should I buy the DLC?-----------------------------Not really. Most of it is rather wierd and gimmicky outfits with some new weapon types. The game already has a plethora of weapons so it's not really necessary."
76561198079237431,Recommended,278080,13699049,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,A goat,"It's a good game for just turning your brain off and enjoy mowing down hundreds and hundreds of people. Sure the graphics are terrible, but this game isn't exactly about graphics. However, the only thing preventing this game from getting above a 6/10 is the freaking controls. The pc port of this game has some of the most akward controls I've ever seen, even when I adjust it in the settings as it completely forgets what a mouse is. Even when I use a gamepad it's still akward as hell. The game has the weird effect where it changes the controls on the gamepad every time I start the game up. For example, today I started the game up using the ps3 controller. Instead of having the left analog stick to move like it did the other day, it used the d-pad instead. Then I restarted the game and it changed to the left analog stick again.  And like I said before, changing the controls is  a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to do. Other than that I recomend it just for the mindless action."
,Recommended,278080,12752387,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,=RR= Shavedape,had a bad day just have a game on dynasty warriors and k o a few thousand bods happy days
,Recommended,278080,10113648,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,smartbombradio,"[EDIT - Came back to this title and found it properly patched. Worth playing now.]This game is currently broken - it requires patching and fixes to work (see forums for more details.) HOWEVER - when the game underneith works it's fun, so when it's patched and not broken I will change this review to reflect the gameplay.But note that 50% of the play time I have logged involves restarts of frozen software (game often freezes just before or after battles.) It WILL be a great game once it's been properly patched.(Also, if you leave a bad review, Koei fanboys will murder you and or start a thread about you. >:D)"
76561198106539436,Recommended,278080,12520115,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,RiX,nice~
,Recommended,278080,12329146,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Julian,"Once you get past the Keyboard controls, it's very addicting. I've played all of the Warriors titles on console and I always wanted a pc version on steam. This is the most complete version of the Dynasty series and I recommend it if you are already a fan of the series.Hopefully Koei Tecmo decides to release their other titles on steam!"
,Recommended,278080,12335644,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Darth Nvwa,One of the best DW game in its series ever since DW4. Combat system improved. No more nonsense Renbu System from DW6. This is the how a DW game should be.
,Recommended,278080,12385786,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Slinks,"If you like this game you either have amazing taste or♥♥♥♥♥♥taste, I haven't figured it out yet.I love this game."
,Recommended,278080,12388997,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kai FoxX,Absolutely amazing!. Doesnt lag and hours of fun. Recommend playing with a controller though.So much to do in it along with the sory mode.
,Recommended,278080,12391128,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Guy Duderson™,"Once I got past the controller issues (which were finally alleviated by using my wired controller instead of the wireless one) I was very happy I decided to buy this. This is the first one in the series I've played, and the combat is smooth, over the top and fun as anything. Graphics could be better, but you play this game to mow down hordes of dudes with a fan and you can certainly do that. Its been a while since I've mashed buttons this hard, but I couldn't be enjoying it more."
,Recommended,278080,12396446,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Chunchunmaru,"nice music, tons of brainless bot to kill, tons of fun..what more can u ask??"
,Recommended,278080,12292649,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vizkos,"Bought this game on a summer sale, and if you did the same, you will not be disappointed.For the Dynasty Warriors veterans out there, this game continues the upward climb back to goodness since the dastardly downfall that was Dynasty Warriors 6.  For new players, this game offers interesting fighting gameplay mixed with you personifying a character in history.PROS:The weapon system - Each character has proficiencies with different weapons, ranging from 1 to 4 stars.  You are able to use whatever weapons you want as your primary and secondary weapons, but it would be wise to stick to the ones you are proficient with.  Personally I find this system to not be worth much and stick to the weapon meant for the character (their 'Ex' weapon).  So, for example, Lu Bu, I use two helberds, one for primary and another for secondary.The levels - I like how they decided to add Hypothetical routes to the story modes.  Granted these maps are largely ""aww lets all come together and win yayyyyy"" maps, but one could take the historical value in that these battles would happen should the path have been taken in history.The rest of the gameplay is typical of Warriors games and can be watched on youtube for 5 minutes and understand what its about.CONS:Graphics - Why they decided to port the PS3 graphics of the game is beyond me, and whoever decided to do that should be slapped.  Having played this on the PC and then seeing the PS4 graphics, it drove me to buy the PS4 version of the game and replay my progress there.  One caveat that I had not considered was that my game looked much better if I turned the brightness settings all the way up!  Strange...  Graphics comparison videos are available online.Character design - While I, and many others appreciate a dub to accompany the subs with the option to go back to Japanese voices, some of the English voices are just terrible.  For example; Jiang Wei's voice is bad,  and Sun Quan's is not well done but tolerable.  There are also token words that get very old very fast, such as Jiang Wei/Liu Chan's overuse of the word ""Benevolence"".  I also dislike how they are morphing many of the characters to look like they are ripped right out of an anime, but I guess we have the otaku kawaii culture that Koei caters to in Japan to thank for that.All in all: For the new fan a suitable game to try, if you can get it on sale.  For those that have been playing for awhile, give it a shot."
,Recommended,278080,12744815,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,carlovincentyap,This game is the best
76561198080639417,Recommended,278080,13077856,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,raeef-fu,one of the best games but I hoped to play with the DLC models in story because many of the models now looks too young  and I hope they make the models look like romance of the three kingdoms games models and I cant wait for Empires 8 on steam
,Recommended,278080,12992442,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Eztyfoe,BEST GAME EVER!10/10!
,Recommended,278080,12332277,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dravus Airwing,it's dynasty warriors....it's automatically good for the fans of the seriesthe fact it's on PC now as well makes it that much better....it's a shame about the shakey start but it's solved that and brought a lot to the table.
,Recommended,278080,12355551,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mk4UmHa,"Awesome game on my PC, Very smooth, lots of units and they managed add new features and weapons without ruining why this game was special. Only wish is multiplayer network code. That would be the ultimate!Back Ground Music makes the game too, you need that pack!"
,Recommended,278080,12239690,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,tirawyat,"It's disappointing that the game is only partially dubbed, especially since some of the English VA's a pretty good. Thankfully, you can download the Japanese voice pack, allowing you to hear everything with superior voices like it was meant to be.Cow Cow, Xiahou dun, Xiahou Yuan, and Chen Gong are the only voices that you'll miss out on if you switch from dub to sub. Most of the voice acting is better in the original language, especially the younger male and female characters. A lot of them sound awful in english."
,Recommended,278080,12397523,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,진드라,"Dynasty Warriors..Since i can remember i have been playing Dynasty Warriors.Then the online version came out and it seriously controlled my life back then!!Now it's been almost a year since DWO has been removed out of the EU servers.And from the very first moment i started playing DW8, you just suddenly get that old feeling back again that you had in DWO.I Love Dynasty Warriors and DW8 Xtreme Legends is yet again another great DW game!"
,Recommended,278080,12367825,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Hallway Giant,"For better or worse you probably already know if this game appeals to you or not. The real question is more if this a decent PC port or not of a game that has remained fairly unchanged for the past decade+. Luckily its not a terrible port, as many have said the lack of true native controller support is frusterating but not a dealbreaker by any means. That said, like anything, you use something long enough and you get used to it, so if youre alright with some controls-based learning curve you'll get one of the most full featured DW games in recent memory that will run well on just about any hardware. If you haven't been a fan of DW games in the past I would't bother, it's exactly what you think it is."
76561198075519662,Recommended,278080,12372576,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,bang2sat,lu bulu bulu bulu bu
,Recommended,278080,12194432,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,supersocha94,"If you like Dynasty Warriors, you'll like this game.  If you don't like Dynasty Warriors, you won't like this game.  If you don't know what Dynasty Warriors is, wait tll a sale to see if you like it."
,Recommended,278080,12458911,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Sabinlerose,"It's mindless button mashing action, and it's just as fun as always.If you only play one Chinese Genocide Simulator in your lifetime...play this one."
,Recommended,278080,10107026,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,TroubledWaters,Koei has really perfected the way a black screen looks on a computer.Edit- This game works now! 10/10 would rampage over China again.
76561198032072324,Recommended,278080,12376106,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Kahvipannu,"It's Dynasty Warriors, and a good one, not much like it on the market. Either you love it, or hate it.Seems to work ok with kb-controls. Almost impossible to use manual camera, but you can reset camera with block, and you can rebind keys. No mouse support, at all. Controller would be best I imagine.Visuals, main-characters pretty good, but rest is pretty crappy, specially textures, but DW-games have always been on the weak side on visuals. Battles are huge tought, and it is fast paced game, so you don't have much time to hang around looking texture quality anyway.Highly recommend enb graphical improvement for this game, check it online, makes game look almost nice."
76561198018138776,Recommended,278080,12341399,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,BloodyAshes,Its got the old DW3 music.... 10/10... still amazing...
,Not Recommended,278080,17678867,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,BloodshotGamer525,Have fun re-mapping the god awful controls to everyone who buys this
,Recommended,278080,19892700,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ajgau1,"Lu Bu is bad♥♥♥♥♥I bought this game on sale, and it's worth it.I played a lot of warriors game as a kid but I always play it in Co-op mode, I forgot how fun this game is, I thouht this would only be fun if I played it with somebody, and since I don't have a playmate anymore I stopped buying this for the console. I was bored and I had nothing to play, fourtunately this was on sale so I decided to try this again, and even though I play this alone it is still enjoyable. So far I palyed the Story Mode and Ambitionmode but Ambitionmode became repetitive to fast. Killing 1000++ peasants is also a good way to de-stress.The DLCs are way overpriced though. I don't think I'll be buying any unless they are on sale.Overall I Will buy the other warriors game if it will get a decent PC port."
,Recommended,278080,19837231,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BasedCrusaderTone-E,"So heaps of people say that it doesn't have controller support. Firstly that's wrong, BUT there are 2 issues.1)Controllers need to be plugged in before starting the game or they don't work. I assume this is why many think it doesn't work.2)Controllers need to manually have their buttons assigned in the menu for players 1 and 2. This oly has to be done once.All that aside; this game has become an obsession for me as of late and am eagerly awaiting buying the other warriors games available on PC, and would reccomend others follow suit.Lastly; to those that complain about the dlc, they are entirely optional, there is plenty of content in the main campaigns and free mode. DLC primarily adds costumes and very occasionally anything worthwhile."
,Recommended,278080,29938221,Posted: 15 February,all,Devil[Z]Son,NA
,Recommended,278080,27629284,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,themoobz,a chinese massacre stimulation why not!
76561198035767629,Recommended,278080,22225731,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Xezozur,i have a question of how to fix this my game stopped reading my controler how do i fix this?
76561198114023039,Recommended,278080,28837158,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Celtic_Poonslayer,great game and always had a blast popping in good old DW4  on ps2. but i have one big beef with this version. the texures look like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ why doesnt it have a graphics tweak option in the settings? honestly the texures looked way better in DW3.  that is NOT an opinion. they do. but nonetheless it is very fun.
76561198066146166,Recommended,278080,26216003,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RainbowDragon88 / Vergil,good game even trough i find a 50 euro/50 dollars (i guess) price to much considering it  didnt come out yesterday instead its 2 years old and has no ps4 shaders it should be about 30 euro max my recommondation would be to buy it when its on sale to get a cheaper price (even trough the much content irs still 2 years old so full price ior just 10 less is not a good price)
,Recommended,278080,11039677,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chocolatedonkey,"This is one of the best dynasty warriors games i've ever played. If you enjoyed dynasty warriors games like 4 and 5 then i'd say get it. It definitley feels alot more like 4 than others and thats the best thing about it. You also get Lu Linqi as a playable character, Lu Bu's daughter and she has some crazy new weapon.UPDATE: Her weapon is being changed in DW9 so it is essential to buy this to experience the best character of all time in Dynasty Warriors"
,Recommended,278080,14457815,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"Dynasty Warriors 8: XTreme Edition is a Hack and Slash game where you control a single hero and fight your way through a vast horde of enemies to single-handedly win battles. You will regularly kill hundreds if not thousands of enemy soldiers and a dozen or more enemy officers – characters like yourself on the opposing side – every mission. The game is very much about the light experience of running through and killing massive numbers of foes; while the core gameplay is decent enough, and there is some amount of character-to-character variability, on the whole the game itself is fairly repetitive as all of the levels boil down to almost exactly the same thing, just in a different environment with different orders of objectives. There is little meaningful variation in the enemy units, and thus the game is pretty samey from level to level. It is decent enough as a passing experience, but it is not much fun to sit down and spend hours fighting through the game.StoryThe game is based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, a culturally-important work of historical fiction about the unification of China in the 2nd and 3rd centuries CE. All of the major characters – all 77 of them – are given unique appearances, and their personalities from the stories tended to be reworked to give them more dramatic impact. As it is an old Chinese story, in many ways it seems odd to modern sensibilities, and many important events occur between battles, summarized in telly text.On the whole, playing this game for the story is a waste; the English voice acting isn’t great, and while the Japanese voice acting sounds better, in the end it doesn’t matter much as the plot itself is not delivered very well and a lot of characters aren’t very sympathetic – including the characters you play as. Lu Bu, for instance, the star of one of the campaigns, has a personality which would ordinarily be found on a villain – he betrays everyone and believes that might makes right, and at the end of his campaign, he is executed for his crimes and constant betrayals. Indeed, the characters all tend to be rather shallow and uninteresting, and the story itself isn’t terribly interesting because characters keep falling in and out of the story as you follow each path along; only once you’ve beaten all the campaigns are you likely to really understand what is going on, and even then, character motivations often feel strange.GameplayThe gameplay itself is all about visceral satisfaction; you play as a single hero who wades his way through hordes of enemies, with some friendly officers and a handful of soldiers at your side who are, by and large, worthless. It is your job to do everything, your job to beat your way through the enemy lines, your job to keep your own officers alive, to complete all the objectives, and to otherwise do everything.But that’s what you’re here for, right?The protagonist you play has can switch between two weapons of the player’s choice, though it is always best for their primary weapon to be the weapon that they gain an ex bonus for, which grants them special attacks with it. The character can equip two of the same weapon, or can equip two different weapons to get a bit better versatility. Depending on which weapons enemies are you using, you may get an advantage or disadvantage, and because you have two weapons, you can always work out to at least be on even footing with them.Each weapon has its own unique attack pattern, and as noted each character additionally has a special set of attacks with their preferred weapon. The character also has three “super” attacks which are built up by killing enemies and collecting dropped items from slain foes, as well as a secondary super meter which causes them to go into a “rage” and make a very powerful area of effect attack which will usually wipe out entire enemy forces by itself, killing hundreds of enemy soldiers and possible multiple enemy officers at the same time.Each level consists of the player walking around it (or calling in their horse to ride around on it), fighting their way through an enemy army to try and capture various objectives, protect their allies, or just kill the enemy officers or general. These levels tend to mostly feel very similar; while there are differences between the levels, most of the levels are not very different in effect as the environments usually matter little (with a few notable exceptions) and the player is mostly just going from one place to another, fighting their way through the enemy horde.While the weapons and characters all have their own abilities, ultimately the gameplay isn’t very different, and the enemies tend to feel very samey. Still, there is some satisfaction to be found in occasionally jumping in to murder large numbers of soldiers in a stage or two; it is not the sort of game to be sat down and powered through, but the large number of game modes, levels, alternative levels, collectables, and other things that the game offers means that it is possible to keep playing the game sporadically and still have a feeling of making progress for a very long time.PresentationThe game is mostly fairly well-presented; the characters look decent enough, and the textures and animations all look fine, though there isn’t anything jaw-dropping in the game. The largest annoyance is that the keyboard controls are shown in the place of controller controls even if the player is using a controller.Final SummaryDynasty Warriors 8 XTreme Edition is a game which is best in moderation; it is fun to run through and kill large numbers of enemies, but the gameplay gets monotonous after a few levels and stops being as interesting. Still, as a “sometimes food”, a game that you play on occasion, it works well enough – it just isn’t much fun to run through the whole thing in one sitting. If you’re looking for something other than mindless killing, though, like plot or challenge, you’re better off looking elsewhere."
76561198078757453,Recommended,278080,30074005,Posted: 20 February,all,CreepyAvocado,"i bought this game long time ago, and play it for 20 hours and never touch it again, until today i got bored and play it again, and then i realized the map is taking 1/8 of my ♥♥♥♥ing screen. whatt?!! i don't realize it before lol . but well overall i enjoy it, it would be better if there's an option to reduce the map size."
76561198007025569,Recommended,278080,18236657,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Funny,"Nice Game loved it, BUT NO DoA BooB Physic's im Dissapointed as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,278080,11926754,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,No Mither,More like DLC Warriors 8!
,Not Recommended,278080,16871880,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Greslus,"It's a ""Koei Tecmo"" port. So, of course it's the Ps3 version with no online like the console has.My god...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pD0S2ux6go"
,Recommended,278080,30687167,Posted: 23 March,all,Riles per hour,CAN ANYBODY PROVIDE ME WITH A DECENT CHALLENGE!!
,Not Recommended,278080,14898029,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Ice Cold Ice Cube,"To start: This is not a bad game, it is just riddled with bugs and you might wonder what the hell the developer was thinking when they made the PC port.Cons:*Controller assignment - is a god damn nightmare. To someone that's new to the series (C'est Moi), I just couldn't figure out where to bind the icon that was ""HORSE"" to my controller. They however fixed this later on, but it is absurd that the controllers do not get the regular button assignment it has on the console versions.*Saves disappearing - is a damn near constant problem with this game. So, i would recommend if you were to get this game, at least make sure to backup your save everytime. All of my progress was removed (it might not be a lot, but it completely drains me, thinking that i'll have to go through the same♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again.) There has been several steam discussions regarding this, as i did my background check, however, there appears to be no solution.*Multiplayer - is not something I would recommend. If you plan on plugging your PC in to your TV and play some Dynasty warriors with your friends, prepare for a god damn hassle. The game would not allow me to use two different gamepads at once.*Graphically - The game is ok. This is not really something that I would judge a game normally on, you can clearly see that this is a ps3/360 port. The graphic options do not matter, since the game will look ugly either way.----Pro's*Gameplay - is incredibly fun. There is nothing more satisfying than landing a great combo then finish it off with some epic move. Best part is that it just never seems to get old.*Voiceacting - Is going to give you many laughs. From what I've heard, the voiceacting is so bad, that it has stuck with the game and given it it's cult status.*Framerate - is not an issue in this game. The game runs smoothly."
76561198079150550,Recommended,278080,32712592,Posted: 23 June,all,Bruceab,Good graphic and fighting mechanics.
76561198165853177,Recommended,278080,15459974,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,fireknot55,This game is amazing and have been a fan of the series for some years now and this is just freakin impressive compared to the others in the series with all of the freaking hypathetical orders and stuff. The freakin dlc music and stages and costumes from other gams in the series is a freakin blessing full %100 recomendation man.
,Not Recommended,278080,15469333,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,TheTredger,"Great game other than not being able to do online co-op. pls make online co-op possible on pc. I honestly dont know why its not, seeing as it is possible on the console version.  I mean why even put it on pc if you can only local co-op.  whats the point?  I wouldnt recommend this game on pc because of this problem better to just get it on console for now."
,Recommended,278080,15474340,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Livie☭,This game is fun but if can play multiplayer with your friends online would be more fun. Maybe it's impossible haha.
76561198005612399,Recommended,278080,10166660,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TDogFresh,"Got my wired controler the same day the game was released on steam, it was meant to be.10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10167724,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,FooniVentes,DW8 has stories that are hypothetical and that is New to me.I actually liked the story better for WU since it lasted sooo long. <3I recommended! A++
,Recommended,278080,10194856,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Brunio,"An amazing port. Haven't gotten any FPS lag and you won't have masses of invisible units around you like in previous titles. Not a major fan of being limited to to several characters for story missions, but the game is still very solid and a great buy for fans of the series as well as people getting started with it."
,Recommended,278080,10258506,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Spooker™,"Pursued Lu Bu, but didn't die. Still 10/10I have been playing Dynasty Warriors since 2, and I was thrilled to see this one come out on PC! Keep porting them to PC KOEI, you're the best!"
76561198043106654,Recommended,278080,10499806,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SpArKLe,"This is a excellent game.Interresting storiesAdorable and funny characters all from the three kingdoms romance historyBadass soundtrackA must have.And if you never play the dynasty warriors series,hop in,this is an excellent series.Do not pursue Lubu :D"
,Recommended,278080,10700104,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Send,Really fun clasical hack and slash but with more characters! :D only problem with this game is lack of controller support. Playing with a keyboard is extremely awkward
,Recommended,278080,10702574,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,vy,fun
76561197999858168,Recommended,278080,10775724,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,pArk,literally overkill
76561198046655859,Recommended,278080,10776427,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Caleator,Shut your mouth Brendan.
,Recommended,278080,10850565,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,yerks magerks!,broken garbage. unless you like dynasty warriors then it is perfect. lots of broken features though (just try to change your button config)
,Recommended,278080,11027835,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,cat police,hory♥♥♥♥♥♥what a game
,Recommended,278080,11320568,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Xextred XIII,"This game is everything I want in a Dynasty Warriors game. Most characters, many story levels, plenty of weapons. Though, the game can get boring after a while, especially within conquest mode, but the action and unchanged fighting system redeem the mindless combat. There are many hours of your life to be spent in this game. I suggest buying it if you aren't burnt out on this franchise yet."
,Recommended,278080,27342036,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trofflesby,where the hell is dw9 you turds
,Recommended,278080,10151604,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Zhrothgar,"The Best combat system that is ever made, every character has there own fighting style for all the weapons, and are no the same :D"
,Recommended,278080,10648188,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mangosteen,The weapon and character customization is amazing.
,Recommended,278080,10650886,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Socky Ð,"Mixing elements from some of the other Warriors franchises, DW8XL etc.... is a much more comprehensive package than many of it's predecessors. The addition of the weapon upgrading system that I've seen used in Warriors Orochi 3 was a good move, and the re-polished weapon styles / stances are well done. Ambition mode would ideally merge with gameplay from the tactics series, but it still  provides me with a nice time killer.My current favourate massacre simulation game, even if the lack of online support has hampered it's release..."
76561198026636829,Recommended,278080,10174178,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,sin ★ loki,"so for some reason this game hates all forms of Windows besides 8 and 98, cause it keeps crashing as soon as the Koei screen finishes unless i run in a compatabillity mode. but that of course means that as soon as anything besides the character you play as comes on screen the game begins to lag so horribly it gave me flashbacks to when i had DSL (shudder)if there might some day be a patch that helps the game not murder itself on startup, id probably like it, until then id suggest waiting a bit before buyingWOOOOOOOOOOO ITS WORKING NOW! SO MUCH AWESOME! This did actually bring me back to my days with DW3, now if only there was online multiplayer, this would be the best one yet"
,Recommended,278080,10250748,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,bunnyfreakz,"Finally A Dynasty Warrior on steam. Most famous hack and slash game genre based Three Kingdom RomanceThe game have so many contents, weapons, cutscenes, characters, maps and many more.Dont miss it"
76561198104038957,Recommended,278080,10624573,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Crafted,Great game for the hack n slash fans with a MASSIVE amount of content to get your moneys worth out of it
76561197993895635,Recommended,278080,10648475,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tilly,It's fun
76561198111144698,Recommended,278080,10216677,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,shadymike91,"Reminds me a lot of DW3 or at the very least captures the same essence of fun that has been seriously lacking in previous installments. Oh lord the script is terrible and the voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants funny. That should NOT take away from the fact that the game is pure old school fun and a cry back to games like golden axe and double dragon, which we all would assume if any modern game tried the exact gameplay as these 'classics' they would be laughed away even with PC melting graphics.Gameplay is simple enough for any 10 thumbed monkey to play it and this is where you get the button mashing stigma but to me so many great games are 'easy to learn but hard to master'. The list stretches to the moon and back: Sonic, chess, checkers, most nintendo games, tekken, street fighter. These are all games with simple rules/mechnics but the potential of the experience is actually much greater than first expected.DW8 has all the old school stuff you would want and adds very customisable weapon and skill system which runs seperate of character levels. Graphics are a big improvement as well as the animation which you will see by the sheer volume of  moving parts on screen.I also like the fact your character can have two weapons of your choice of which there is an insane number to choose from ranging from the dull to the 'no feckin way that works'.Its not trying to be serious, its not trying to appeal to the masses, it is just a modern beat em up complete with all the cheesey nuances that added to the fun of them.DL:DRBuy it if you want your nostalgia bone tickled by a funny eager to please lab puppy.Ignore if you expect a modern 'sophisticated' experience"
76561197971917310,Recommended,278080,10658229,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bdp,"It's still fun to those who likes to play action games with powerful and good-looking characters(even though they are not much like original chinese heroes).But there are problems such as no Japanese option(Voice and Subtitles), no Xbox360 controller vibration and lack of supports for DLCs.Koei-Tecmo should support PC platforms much more."
,Recommended,278080,10810457,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ChocolateTorpedo,"This game is great!Pros: No online multiplayer, just local so that me and my buddy can play together!English dubbs! (I can't understand Japanese, why do i care?)No real attempts at trying to be an accurate war sim!Somehow makes being unstoppable fun for more than 5 minRuns AMAZING (probs from that low tex qual rofl)Cons: Too much shine and glitter, it's hard to see what's going on sometimes and i feel TOO much like a god. (7's where it really started i think)Controller mapping (my god...)All characters come unlocked, so there's not the fun of finally unlocking LuBu and knowing you can't lose anymore.some of the textures (most are great, there are just a couple bad ones that are too blatantly obvious)Overall 10/10, game hasn't made me this happy in awhile, i actually can't wait to get home and play it. And im an adult!"
,Recommended,278080,10949803,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Poisson,for $25? It's well worth that price. Only problem I have with it is Online Co-op but that's just a minor complaint. Dynasty warrior 8 is probably one of the better Dynasty Warrior games to come out.
,Recommended,278080,10958106,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ћ Nocky,Essential dad fighter/beat-em-up. Now contains hot mom.
,Recommended,278080,11007734,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,El Sondito,There is a strangely rewarding feeling for getting 1000 kills in one battle. The only thing this needs is a Japanese voice option.
76561198126261290,Recommended,278080,11021395,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,FRUITPUMPER,"VERY GOOD GAME. But has no multiplayer. Me and my best friend played dynasty growing up. Now that we are older and no longer live in the same state, we really was hoping to play dynasty 8 together on pc."
,Recommended,278080,11132849,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Snaggletooth,"If you are a fan of the series then, well you cannot go much wrong purchasing this, although I would say wait for a sale if you can..The graphics feel dated, but this may be done on purpose, I mean when you have hundreds of foot soldiers around it was always going to be a big ask to up the graphics much and keep it playable on more machines.Story mode is better than everAmbition mode is a bit drawn out and will take you a while to get anywhere but it is worth itChallenge Mode is pretty much the same as previous titles.My only complaint is the removal of the create a warrior option, but we cannot have it all right?"
76561198076488471,Recommended,278080,11194352,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Jeezuus,"Dynasty Warriors they don't really change much but they never get old. New officers, new fighting styles, and new battles. That's all the next game usually has  going on for us but I will buy every single one of them. Great loosely based historical hack and slash."
,Recommended,278080,11201705,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Cactmoore,"It's hard for me to objectively review a Dynasty Warriors game, seeing as I have been a pretty hardcore fan since Dynasty Warriors 2 on the PS2. That said, this is probably my favourite of the series, dethroning previous favourite #5. I already had the original Dynasty Warriors for the X-Box 360, but I picked up the Steam version to get the Xtreme Legends content, which otherwise was only released on PS3/4.Anyway, this is the sort of game where you're either a fan, or you're not. If you like massive battlefields where you can slaughter hundreds (or in some stages, thousands) of lesser enemies, you've probably played Dynasty Warriors before and have a feel for what the game is like.As far as the series is concerned, this game has loads of characters and a pretty complex storyline for all the major factions. Graphics are polished, and voices are decent - the appropriate balance of serious and stupidly over-the-top. Also, the Ambition Mode is about 296.8% better with the expansion than the standalone game.My only serious gripe (and it *is* a pretty serious one) is that there are some serious problems with the in-game movies - many players, myself included, have experienced crashes whenever the game tries to play a movie (like when the game first loads!). This is resolved by disabling movies via the configuration menu, but then you're missing out on those badass opening and end-of-campaign movies that the series has always been known for.Overall, though, a very solid purchase for a Dynasty Warriors fan."
,Recommended,278080,11202845,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ShenJiu,"It's better than DW7. More characters, more weapons (even though a lot of the new ones are just stupid and don't fit the setting). Also the campaign missions are a lot more in-depth than they were in DW7.Ambition Mode is fun for a while. Good way to level your characters so that you can actually stand a chance on Chaos difficulty.This game still has bugs though. Be cautious when playing as Jia Xu in the campaign. Almost every time I play as him in the campaign, the game crashes... :'CI give this game a 9/10, but I love DW so I'm probably more forgiving than most."
,Recommended,278080,11305787,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,NordLead,"Where is the Controllor support lol, when you have to manually set the controller i expect to see the same buttons listed during gameplay not the keyboard keys, for example when getting on a horse even though i have a Xbox controller linked it still shows how to get on a horse via the keyboard buttons.UPDATE FOR CONTROLLER SUPPORT PLEASE DONT LET ME DOWN W-FORCE"
76561197972020891,Recommended,278080,11307022,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Pro_Lethal,"Needs online mode and more dlc content from the console version. Dont let low score fool you, this is good game, at least a month of content, get it on sale."
,Recommended,278080,11369323,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Niku The Pantless,Never persue Lu Bu...Just don't do it.Other then that. For first time players of the series I found the game very enjoyable and the lore to be quite enjoyable although it can be pretty confusing at times.Overall if your looking for a good somewhat mindless hack and slash or your getting yourself ready for Hyrule Warriors this is the game for you
76561198145788708,Recommended,278080,11391496,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Fegolas,"I definitely love this games very much! This game brought me up, my childhood game. Especially this episode. Prefect! Definitely recommend this game to my friends!"
,Recommended,278080,10644183,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Conjure Phantasm,Those who stand in the way of virtue shall fail!
,Recommended,278080,10667800,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,just Frankeers,"Most excellent ""Death-By-LuBu"" Simulator"
,Recommended,278080,10715794,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Unconquered Fun,"Does online multiplayer matter to you? Does it matter more than cutting down entire armies of soldiers? The game pretty much needs a controller. If you get an xbox controller for windows you should be pretty set.  If online multiplayer is a deal breaker, then the lack of it will no doubt be disappointing. But it is dynasty warriors in its 2000 combo chain goodness.Dynasty warriors is a game with a fairly simple concept. There's lots of soldiers on the field. You have a name, they don't. Therefore they're more doomed than redshirts on an alien planet made of explosives. You follow the objective, which is usually: ""defend point A, kill target B and/or escort person C to point D. There will be about 200 guys between you and the target but as long as they dont' have a name you should probably be able to kill them in two attacks or so.""It takes place during a period of ancient China known as the three kingdoms era. Ca 200 AD. The events of which was made into a novel called ""The Romance of the three kingdoms"" written around a thousand years later, give or take, based on the memoirs of the people who lived then and fought. It features very hammy dialogue that can put William Shatner to shame and may or may not educate you on Chinese history. It does come with an encyclopeadia of historical information of the era in the game. Though I doubt nobody reads it very much. Needs more sick horse flipz.I have fun with it. I'm not sure its worth the full €49.99 if you already own DW8 on PS3 or something. But if you can get it for less then yes. If you haven't gotten into dynasty warriors, and would like to, but don't maybe feel like getting a playstation, this is a pretty good game and probably worth the money if you have a controller for it. If you don't then... Its very difficult to play. As it is though it isn't an incompetent port, it is just made with controllers in mind."
,Recommended,278080,10738363,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WakeWolf,"More scenes and characters, it is really good game if you want to use so much of your time on that game."
,Recommended,278080,10745073,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Abend,Its always nice to kill thousands upon thousands of brainless soldiers
,Recommended,278080,10777145,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BrendanTheShark,Amazing the nostalga of playing this game
76561198074793000,Recommended,278080,10847955,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,disturbedmetaller,Hack and Slay how it should be.Only downside is that there's no voice over during the narration.
76561198082838498,Recommended,278080,10940922,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kurachan Senpai,"i first saw xiaoqiao, and then meet daqiao, eventually stumbles upon sun shanxiang, only after befriended bao sanniang. i talked to cai wenji, accidently bumped with lu lingqi, zhang chunhua is mad at me, thank god diaochan doesn't hate me. i hang out with xing cai, yueying came by and say hi. i don't know why, but zhenji never look me in the eye. god, zhurong is stong but kind, and wang yuanji always support me from behind. in the end, i xtremely fell in love with wang yi, but end up stucked with the legendary lianshi.100/10"
,Recommended,278080,10946850,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,FreedomPortal,Best Dynasty Warrior yet. Can't miss it if you love the series.
76561198006896885,Recommended,278080,10952854,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TrashPanda,"Recommended to play with Xbox 360 controller. - turn on controller and have it paired before starting game.Great game that will allow you to re-live the PS2 days of button mashing fun.Graphics are okay and not too bad, can run this game on Highest settings easy with GTX770.Will probably put in 50 hours easy into this game."
,Recommended,278080,11090072,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Adolfus Hintler,♥♥♥♥♥♥great man
76561198063828828,Recommended,278080,11207454,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Rebop,"You can play as a character who wields a boat that suplexes people.You can play as a character who literally body surfs people.You can play as a character who uses an oversized billiards cue to fire floating balls at people.You can play as a character whose every attack skewers enemies on the end of his axe, juggling them.You can play as a character who uses an oversized brush to shoot ink at people.You can play as a character who has oversized claws and dances effeminately during battle.You can play as a character who wields a farming hoe.You can play as Lu Bu.A+/10 Meatbuns."
,Recommended,278080,11311862,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,AliceTheGorgon,"Slaughter up to several thousand enemies per battle, huge cast of characters, tons of weapons and weapon customization possibilities.If you're looking for precision sword fighting, this is not for you.If you just want to have fun blasting through tons of enemies, with an occasional skilled officer thrown in, then definitely try it."
,Recommended,278080,11331866,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,"JSDraven... I mean, Dravensaur","More delicious DW goodness, if you like the series you'll love the newest incarnation. If you don't like the series i don't see DW8 winning you over"
76561198079356890,Recommended,278080,11333367,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,mate,Provided Lu Bu with a decent challenge. 10/10
,Recommended,278080,11341749,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,RazorTalon,best dynasty warriors yet
,Recommended,278080,11348054,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,KojiNatu,"Irregardless of people wanting the Online features, it's a great port for PC players!Too many hours of gameplay provided in this huge re-pack of the game.10/10, would play again... after I beat all of the stories."
76561198008827809,Recommended,278080,11403040,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,deadelf,Feel OP as you smash through 500 bad guys while you try and figure out what to do for the mission
,Recommended,278080,11411061,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,K',simple hack 'n slash ....very good to take your stress out :D
,Recommended,278080,11732158,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Soulless2k4,Best Dynasty Warriors game so far. Works great with an Xbox Controller... keyboard/mouse not so much.Spent way too much time on this game. 8/10
,Recommended,278080,11402510,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DXecution,"I play from DW3 and boring at DW6. And i trying this DW8, i love it.. Nice remake and i get new experience and mechanics, the best DW series after DW4."
76561198042004940,Recommended,278080,11697658,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sloshy,"I've played the Lu Bu, Shu storylines and finished Ambition mode and had absolutely no problems. The controls are easy once you figure them out. I don't give a crap about online multiplayer cause i'm a loner anyways."
76561198046230270,Recommended,278080,10144276,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Never Quit!,"game is pretty fun , i enjoy dynasty warriors i have played almost all the sequels .PS: graphics wise they could of let you zoom out a bit more would be nice , plus the main chars seems clean and neat but when it comes to the poor soldiers in the cadence they look so poorly designed i think it's a bit lazy even the older versions didn't have that poor quality don't get me wrong i love it but those few fixes should be patched out if u want a nice game , plus why when i play with one char for a few campaigns i can't play him i have to play someone’s eals ."
76561198000726174,Recommended,278080,10221017,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kirby,Would genocide again 10/10
,Recommended,278080,10611980,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Atticus,Who hasn't always wanted a dynasty warriors on the PC? Well it is here and I render everything perfectly fine.
76561198044549703,Recommended,278080,10741351,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lokisaur,"I love this series of games, and, so far, this is my favourite in a few years. So happy I picked it up suring the sale!"
,Recommended,278080,10876878,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Seneca Raine,"Finest Chinese Murder Simulator on the market, 10/10."
,Recommended,278080,11219828,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,KIKO,Great game. Never pursue Lu Bu . Die 100%
,Recommended,278080,11298165,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Superteeh,Although its not a good port from the console however its still fun. Sad that there is no online co-op ): I'm split
,Recommended,278080,11311940,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Moose0222,SUPER FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A MUST PLAY FOR ALL DYNASTY WARRIORS FANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GREATNESS.
,Recommended,278080,11341941,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sir Barbossa ಠ_ರೃ,"There is so much stuff... HOW is there this much stuff. HOW CAN I EVEN PLAY ALL THIS STUFF!PS: if you don't play this is a controller, you'll be sad."
76561198001582593,Recommended,278080,11665663,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Weeb Lord,♥♥♥♥dis gaem is so kawaii
,Recommended,278080,10734308,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KhaosWolf,Always been a dynasty warriors fanatic since i was young and playing this game brings feeds that nostalgia.  Longer cutscenes and more ability to alter the cut scenes than the previous game where most cut scenes were just by battle or fate interaction between two characters.  I loved those and i love the additions they added :) i do miss the empires branch though RIP
76561198061540248,Recommended,278080,10765658,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Avon Barksdale,"Fun and looks great, good old DW Gameplay with a new twist that makes it fun to go through all the story modes"
76561197998813335,Recommended,278080,10858568,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ImpactHound,"A really good improvement in the series! Combat's a LOT deeper for anyone who stopped on the PS2 games, a lot more depth and flexibility with weapon alignments, elements, and sharing all weapons with affinities; fist weapons on any character is a blast. Even horse control is tighter and more useful, with improved summoning for real mobility with and trampling, with other animal as an option. Bodyguard control is nice too.The campaigns are a little depressing with some storylines, and the roster has a surprising focus on the children of key characters like Guan Yu now compared to the series roots, but there's the expected branching storylines and hypothetical scenarios, with free mode. I miss the jungle campaign a little, but Ambition mode makes up for it with a small town-building function tied to randomized missions, a real nice collectathon grind that makes time fly. Way better than Create-an-Officer."
76561198040048990,Recommended,278080,10962061,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Frank,"Much Fun, So Hack N' Slash, Many Chinese"
76561198045295358,Recommended,278080,10743833,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kinaani,"8/10I first came into the DW franchise back at DW5 on the ps2. I loved it and dumped hours into the game. Having played this game for a bit, I can safely say that i really feel the familiar feeling returning and i think its great. However, I have two nagging gripes...1) No individual character storylines. Even though you'd often play the same level numerous times, only starting at different spots, it was still nice to follow a character you enjoyed and help orchestrate who they would become in DW5. Sun Ce is one of my favorite characters, and i was a little dissapointed when i only got to play him for 3 or so missions.2) Character name pronunciation. Now, i don't know if this is just my mind forgetting, or if the name's changed at some point, but i remember Sun Ce being pronounced Soon-say, and Cao Cao being cow-cow. I just feel a little annoyed whenever i hear their names now"
,Recommended,278080,10753333,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shin Morty ε>,"Good old DW with some new elements, the battles are more dynamic, combat is as expected. New gamemodes and weapons, level up system for characters and elements for weapon. Ambition mode is what you always wanted to do in DW. Great buy."
,Recommended,278080,10777596,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,EposVox,"This is a fantastic game. Improving upon previous Dynasty Warriors iterations and mixing some elements from older games and Warriors Orochi.The game runs great on PC, but various graphical elements (mainly text and logos) are clearly NOT designed for High-resolution PC play.Also, the control button images give you literally NO sense of what freaking button to hit."
,Recommended,278080,10903889,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mucks,ZHOU YU SOUNDS LIKE A♥♥♥♥♥THE VOICE ACTING IS AWFUL AND I CAN'T CHOOSE THE DEFAULT JAPANESE AUDIO.YOU CAN ONLY PLAY A MAXIMUM OF 4 PREPICKED CHARACTER PER BATTLE.AMBITION MODE IS A JOKE.9/10HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS FUN.
,Recommended,278080,10187993,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ken'pai,"34 million dead chinese soldiers can't be wrong.No seriously, they can't be wrong, because they're dead. They're unable to give their opinion. Get it together, review-reader!"
76561198009483310,Recommended,278080,10218640,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Gaunty,This game is 2Cuhrayze. buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥yo.
76561198007508624,Recommended,278080,10228596,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wcheff,Among Men... Lu Bu.Among Horses... Red Hare.Among Dynasty Warriors Games... This one.
,Recommended,278080,10232586,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,FuturePrince005,Everything a Dynasty Warriors fan loves.  Easy to use controller port.  Would be perfect if online multiplayer gets added so you don't need a lan multiplayer program.
76561198031658959,Recommended,278080,10246499,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Filli Vanilli,"Not a whole lot different than 7, but it is great to be able to play Dynasty Warriors without buying a console again. If you are a fan of rampaging against fields of azns, this is worth the buy."
,Recommended,278080,10411666,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,ϟThe Sixth Courier,"Literally Dynasty Warriors 8, but with the addition of a Story mode for Lu Bu, a very mediocre extension of conquest, and the ability to play battles on sides you could not before (half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ however).+Graphics are okay, but uses PS3 graphics instead of PS4+Fluid gameplay+Replay value is present (but not as much if you've played DW8)+Story is acceptable+Lu Bu-NOT actually the complete edition. Lying title.All in all, by itself, without having played DW8, it is an alright game by all means, however, this is basically a dlc patch to DW8, so for those who've played it might feel scammed for their money, newcomers, however, may like this very much.Overall a 7/10"
,Recommended,278080,10645043,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lord Beanie,"If you are a Dynasty Warriors Fan, you can't go wrong with this."
,Recommended,278080,10147743,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Qtry_95,"Bought it and played it , extremely amazing = )"
,Recommended,278080,10204154,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,anonymousLooker,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,278080,10165690,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,gwar195,the 3d on this sucks for now.  SO if you have nvidia 3d vision  don't use it. other then that it's a nice hack and slash game that i need to get use to on the keyboard.  I use to play on the xbox back in the day.
,Recommended,278080,10383259,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,CvC/Theo/JStone,game is hours of fun
76561197978125326,Recommended,278080,10403304,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,"FaceMan ""Legendary""",Love this game!
,Recommended,278080,10424166,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Steiner,"I remember playing this game (the third one) with my father when I was a kid, it was fun then, it is still fun now."
76561198051240741,Recommended,278080,10574703,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Verponian,"Currently lacking online multiplayer, Hi-Def Textures, full controller support and a lot of the DLC (if you're into that), there's a lot to be disappointed about if you're a fan of this franchise and were keen to see it hit PC again.There are some hints that some of the problems may be rectified and hopefully they will.This Dynasty Warriors and like DW games is pretty much identical to its forerunners; mindless hacking and slashing with the simplest of button mashing control schemes. It needs a few tweaks to truly make it a worthy PC port but is still good, mindless fun."
,Recommended,278080,10619904,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Toshiyoshi,One-man army conquering ancient China.
,Recommended,278080,10632672,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Doctor Mxyzptlk,"Absolutely mindless over the top glorious hack and slash cheese. A sizzying number of characters, the combat feels the most in depth that it has ever been and as always a badass soundtrack."
,Recommended,278080,10634344,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DoctorWhisky,Do not Poursue Lu Bu you fool.
76561198022582897,Recommended,278080,10145730,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,o.f,best historical fighting game I have ever played 10/10it is beter if you have a xbox controler that works on pc to plat this game.
76561198083232714,Recommended,278080,10193605,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,DeathnNnot35,The game is fun i enjoy it really well.. Despite the graphics.. But the main problem.. I am having is the slow saving of each stage completion.. It could be just me I am not sure.. But if it a bug or something.. Really hope they can fix it.. But This game does bring back great memories for me :)
76561198003944214,Recommended,278080,10211693,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,CY,Been waiting for a PC port amazing! more controller support would be nice with easier controls
,Recommended,278080,10346587,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Iron Tactician,"Right.This game has issues, this much is clear. No discernable DLC, PS3 graphics and a lot of people are complaining about bugs.HOWEVER, this is a Dynasty Warriors Game. There have been 7 games of the main incarnation, Expansion packs aside. If you intend to buy this game, get used to the fact that it's not going to be a different style of Gameplay.Seriously, if I see another complaint saying ""It's just the same as the last game"" I might have to cut a ♥♥♥♥♥.Yes, the style of Gameplay hasn't changed, and I doubt it ever will. This game is so popular in Asia, its a wonder they send the game over to us.Dynasty Warriors 8 Xtreme Legends: Complete Edition is being supported by Koei, and, even as a long-term fan, that surprised me. The game has changed so much since the earlier incarnations, for those with the ability to get over a simple and repetetive concept of Gameplay.The new roster of Characters contains some real gems, Fa Zheng and Yu Jin spring to mind. The features are brand new and improved from seven, and the entire package for £39.99 isn't something I believe as too steep. The new characters and their weapons make up for the lack of DLC, in my opinion, as the weapons are usually vastly overpowered, like they were for Dynasty Warriors Seven. The New Hypothetical stages that have been added to the stories, as well as Lu Bu's owe story is a great innovation, though sadly the interactions between certain characters who should have more to do with each other is a litttle flat.All in all, I would say, buy the game, especially if you're a long-term fan like me. It's a nice little bit of inaccurate history, but the aspect of what really happened some 2000 years ago is still there, buried under the story-telling. The gameplay can get repetetive, but that's why there are 81 characters with 81 Weapons.Sure, it's button bashing, but you have 81 different ways to cimmint Mass Genocide on Ancient China.10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10572972,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cursed Envy,"It's bloody awesome. Finally on PCPlayed it's predecessors on PS2 from the second title till the last.Would have bought a next gen console if I wasn't at uni all the time. But now I no longer need to.If you love a good hack 'n slash game, this is it.You'll be playing through storylines that tell the history of the Three Kingdoms period. Or just free fight battles.Although there's local spiltscreen coop, it's sad they didn't port the online coop. Also missing a duel mode."
,Recommended,278080,10602971,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hyacia,More Characters and back to the old ways of button mashing combo's =) and Lu Bu using his old halberd like dynasty warriors 3 love =D
,Recommended,278080,10650433,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Habbakuk,love destroying entire armies single handedly
,Recommended,278080,10688131,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,malifaux,"This game was optimized so well, it blows my mind. I'm playing it on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2011 laptop that didn't even have impressive specs back then. It feels even smoother than the console version. Moar pls."
76561198039783022,Recommended,278080,10700690,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Keeli,Definatly a good buy if you enjoy hack and slash games. Game feels different compared to former DW's games.
76561198060725227,Recommended,278080,10758488,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Name,"The story mode has a lot more to offer than the previous DW7 game. Here we have a story routes based on the history of the three kingdoms more or less ,also story route WHAT IF plus bonus levels with proper story also based on what if except the Lu Bu's one which offers only 2 story routes. In the previous DW7 everything was told like a historical movie drama with deaths , sadness and happiness to me was epic. Anyway the good thing here is they decided to add more of a fan service which is awesome too, you can save your characters from death and change the history.You don't need to play the previous games of the franchise  to understand the story mode. Each DW is different with similar story. The game can be very repeteitive because of its nature but that doesn't mean it's not fun. The graphics look better than ever and the weapon system from the previous  DW7 is improved. From what i know the PC version is a port of the PS3 version but with improved graphics and FPS. I havent played the PS4 version ,i wasn't so impressed from what i saw but still i can tell the PS4 is the best. If you dont own PS4 go for the PC version. It's still good enough but i wish KOEI ported the PS4 version."
,Recommended,278080,10828750,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sloth,I killed lu bu
,Recommended,278080,10880713,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Saruzeufel,"Fells like the good old games on PS2 back in the days. This game series still rocks. Jamming buttons, killing enemies and ignoring half the instuctions given by your leader... but with better grafics and mor characters! Just what you would expect of the most recent game in a long series"
76561198062281627,Recommended,278080,10941266,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Esteria,Worth ur $
,Recommended,278080,10949913,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RaikoCaesar,"Rage musou attack, wiped out everything.What? You want me to cackle less like a madman? Not gonna happen.10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10950937,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CaptainDawn,Don't pursue Lu BU.
76561197976715485,Recommended,278080,10964864,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gumrucker,Best Chinese Genocide Simulator on Steam!
,Recommended,278080,10970034,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wolfen,Here are the things I like about this game:1. there are 81 playable characters2. You can be the hero and do 1 vs thousands. :)3. nice graphics4. beatiful girls. :P
,Recommended,278080,10991352,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Suvaril,Very disappointed that everything is unlocked from the start. Half the fun of these games has been unlocking new characters through gameplay... Ambition mode is cool though.
,Recommended,278080,11000472,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Echo,"May not convert long-time critics or win over completely new fans with what appears to be nought but shallow button-mashing-for-victory gameplay (something which isn't actually true at all, especially if you play on higher difficulties), but for the fans the Warriors franchise remains a lot of fun and this installment is no exception. DW8XLCE offers series veterans exactly the sort of battlefield rampages they want from the franchise. The amount of content within this package is incredible, but the DW series has always been one which seems to pack a hell of a lot of stuff in with every release. Just make sure you have a controller of some sort, because this is a game which is certainly NOT designed around keyboard-playing!"
,Recommended,278080,11078752,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Banjo Kaboom,"Finally, I can satisfy my hankering for some Dynasty Warriors hack n' slash action on PC!!I will admit that I haven't been following the series the whole time, but I've played Dynasty Warriors 3 and a little of 4, 5, and 7. I did not like 7, and my hopes weren't very high for this game, but let me tell you...awesome!!!Pros:Brought back correct weapons - I remember in 7 that Xiahou Dun had a two handed mace, where as every other one he had a scimitar. He has the scimitar again! And other fixes like that.Long Campaign mode - you play by faction, not by character, which I like because you get to try out different characters and the story is much longer and it doesn't get as repetitive. Each level gives you 2-4 characters to pick from.Weapon Customization - while it may be a little cheap, every character has 2 weapons that they can switch between in battle. Some weapons are more compatible with the warrior than others (rated 1-4 stars). So even if you find a weapon that you really like, it doesn't make sense for ALL of your characters to use that weapon. And every warrior has a specialty weapon that they are supposed to use, but you can change it.Cons:Graphics - there is nothing really special about the graphics, and I see some graphical flaws here and there (lines across the face, etc.) but it doesn't stop me from playing.Plot holes - I remember fighting Zhang He in one battle and the next level he was on my side. What happened? Why is he my friend now?Other usual bugs - I killed Diao Chan. Lu Bu got angry. The English message said ""Diao Chan is enraged at Lu Bu's death"" (something along those lines)Controls - the default controls for the Xbox Controller are my biggest problem. I had to remap them completely because none of it made any sense. And I HATE that the musou button and OK button are the same mapping, because I use B for musou and OK should be A, so now whenever I want to confirm something it's B, and cancel is A...Overall -I can get used to the controls, though they are annoying. Everything else is not a dealbreaker to me. I've already put 8 hours into the Wei campaign and I love it."
76561198013248025,Recommended,278080,11231662,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,OreWaOChinchinDaisukiNandayo,"This game is Good, good for its price and for its content. If you like any of the dynasty warrior series you will probably like this one. it has around 88 officers all with leveling from 1 to 150, Multiple levels of weapons for each officer and the level 6 weapons have challenges of their own to aquire. Im about 50 hours into it and i havnt completed much mroe than 4 of the main historical routes i stil have multiple hypothetical and classic stages plus I havnt even touched on the Ambition mode much but between that and the challenge mode i think i have another 100+ hours ahead of me. Ambition mode adds a sort of Dynasty builder "":D"" where you collect materials, officers and fame to build a province of your own, as a fan of both the dynasty warrior, warriors orochi and dynasty warrior gundam series I can flat out say that this is my personal favorite classic dynasty warriors game."
76561198049462198,Recommended,278080,11307453,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Proxiemal,The most METAL game you'll ever play.
,Recommended,278080,11327593,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,WarDaddyIV,"Never really been a fan of the cheesy dialogue in these games, but I LOVE the hack and slash gameplay. Some of the controller controls are inverted, but you can't beat Dynasty Warriors when it comes to hacking and slashing through hundreds of soldiers"
,Recommended,278080,10646870,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Monokilho,Needs online coop =(
76561198096047555,Recommended,278080,10690703,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kenpachi(Mephisto.Pheles),Love it ;D if you love DW your gonna love it
76561197963771466,Recommended,278080,10708373,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rich,"Great game! Fun and addicting! I love the Ambition mode, and I love that you can save mid-battle :D I can definitely see myself playing this for a long time. I would have liked multi-player coop online but oh well..."
,Recommended,278080,25740232,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Last Anklebender,best game
76561198114405116,Recommended,278080,11647047,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,KILL_STEAL,can you play with other ppl on this online?
76561198044917795,Recommended,278080,10693726,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pale Caesar,"I am eternally grateful to my friend introducing me to Dynasty Warriors 3 back in 10th grade of high school. Since then, I have been a huge fan of Dynasty Warriors (as well as the Three Kingdoms story in general), and have fond memories of he and I playing DW4 latenight during summer vacation - literally every day until 3am (and a morning break in which he would go home, shower and return 4 hours later for more Dynasty Warriors. The joys of a carefree teenager).I stuck with the series all the way, though burned out on it with DW5 and was disappointed with DW6. I'm still a huge fan though, and I wasn't disappointed with DW7, which renewed my interest in the series. Sadly, shortly after its release, my console bit the dust. Of course, in the end, this was a good thing as it was the driving force to my wife buying me my first ever gaming PC. Alas, no DW7 (outside of jacking a glitchy and entirely foreign JP copy), and I figured my Dynasty Warriors fanaticism would be stuck in the past as memories of the good ol' days.Thankfully, Koei decided to release DW8 and its XL expansion to Steam as the ""Complete Edition,"" despite actually lacking a number of DLC packs available on the console version (though I've heard DLCs are on the way). And now that its been released, gamers are crying ""foul!"" at every turn for various reasons. So with all that in mind, and a bit of knowledge as to my background with playing DW games, let's get to it.Firstly and flatly, do I recommend this game? Absolutely, yes. The game plays like any other Dynasty Warriors game - pick a guy (or gal), insert person into a battlefield and go to town on the enemy. It's repetitive button mashing at its finest. The series has received the alternate title of ""Chinese Genocide Simulator,"" and this game lives up to that moniker. The first story battle, I used my favorite Wu character, Shangxiang, and plowed through 1600+ people before the map was done (on normal difficulty). It was possible to get 1000 kills in DW3 thanks to the never-ending populating gates, which required the death of the gatekeeper before they stopped spawning enemies, but DW4 toned it down and 1000 kills generally required a higher leveled player and a lot of goofing around. As I said, DW5 burned me out - it wasn't very memorable for me, as with 6, so I don't recall how easy it was to hear your character proclaim themselves a true warrior of the three kingdoms. But for me to get 1000+ kills on the very first level with an unleveled-up Shangxiang was a sign of good fortune regarding this game.Your character can use any weapon in-game, but excels with certain ones, and of course is most proficient with their own personal weapon. You can have multiple musous stored up, and so on and so forth. Basically, the gameplay does add on to what the later renditions gave to the series, so its not like you might as well be playing a graphically improved version of DW2 or 3.Speaking of graphics, this is another spot where many gamers are angry. The pictures provided in the DW8 store page are apparently screencaps from the PS4 version of this game, but the in-game graphics are PS3 quality, or perhaps a slight step above.  Certainly it appears Koei is guilty of fibbing, but honestly I just can't get angry - graphics don't mean a whole lot to me, and although it would be nice if they looked better, I can still go back and play DW3 right this moment and not have an issue with its block hands and hard-edged polygons. In other words, unless you absolutely NEED the very best you can possibly get, the graphics in this game look fine.Sound-wise, I haven't heard anything terrible, which is both a good and bad thing. The music in the game offers a variety of songs from previous games, including the more memorable ones from DW3 and 4. This is always a welcomed addition. Unfortunately, I haven't heard any outstandingly bad dubbing. One of the things that makes DW3 such a great experience, then and now, is its terrible voice acting. I won't list them here, but a quick search in YouTube can help you find cutscenes with some of the most hideously read dialogue ever produced. I'm one of those guys who likes it that way, and I've never had an issue with the English dialogue in any of the games. Sadly for me, the voice acting has improved considerably over each rendition of this game, and although some characters in DW8 do not have a well-fitting voice (compared to previous incarnations), it's not bad enough to be memorable like ""You flaming idiots"" or ""Yuan Shu, you have deceived me!""Another gripe from the community is the controller support, or lack thereof. I've heard everything from the game not recognizing 360 controllers to default inputs totally dismantling typical controller layout. I can only report on what I've experienced, and that is nothing. I plugged my 360 gamepad into my USB port and started the game. It functions perfectly, with every button mapped out as how it would be on a console. The only thing is that, the buttons themselves don't appear in the game, meaning if you want to proceed through a menu, it won't show you the correct gamepad button, or ANY gamepad button for that matter. Coming from someone who plays a lot of low budget free junk or MUGEN, I'm used to this, and I would expect any gamer familiar with gamepad games in general to recognize quickly which buttons proceed and return in the menu screens, and retain that info for future playtimes.Gamers are also miffed that there isn't an online co-op mode. If this was a feature you desperately need to enjoy this game, it may be a killer for you. For me, I didn't really have much of a fun experience with the online co-op in DW7 (nothing bad on the game's behalf - I just found myself playing with people who had no interest in coordinating with another person), and so I don't really care for online co-op. If they eventually include it, I'm sure I'll play it regardless, but I'm far more interested in whats available in-game presently.Lastly, there were a lot of issues with freezing, black screens, infinite loads, CTDs, etc.,. Koei has thankfully shown they didn't just dump this out on the PC and walk away - there have been (to the best of my knowledge) two updates now that have patched issues in the game. Although some people are still having problems, I think a vast majority have cleared up and can now play the game.Having said all this, and if you read all this (congrats), you'll no doubt find me to be a fairly easily pleased gamer when it comes to Dynasty Warriors. And I don't deny that. The game is exactly what I want - big battlefields, lots of kills (or KOs), lots of things to find, level up, etc.,. For others, there are just too many problems to justify purchasing. To each their own. But if you find yourself in agreement with my standpoint on things like graphics and lack of online co-op, I would seriously consider buying this game. It's mindless entertainment, repetitive and the same story and battles that've been told (usually incorrectly) since DW2. But it's my guilty pleasure, and it may very possibly be yours, too."
,Recommended,278080,10747819,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,{NPH} That Guy,Great game. If anyone is a fan of the earlier Dynasty Warrriors games then I highly recommend checking this one out as well
,Recommended,278080,10958130,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wowzer,"A game were you go aginst huge numbers of enemys by using various combos and attacks. Although the combat is largly the same hack and slash format, the vast number of  charcters keep the game very enjoyable with unique abilities 8/10."
,Recommended,278080,10968580,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dex,"Awesome game. A lot of content in there. Xbox 360 controls in the menu are a little odd at first (A and B function the opposite way to what you'd expect in the menu), but that's easy to overcome.Definitely recommended for those who like mindless hack and slash games."
76561198037683377,Recommended,278080,10146155,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mmgala Mufufu,"Would always recommend a Dynasty warriors game. It has some flaws with texture and no online multiplayer, but i play this for single player, so i don't really mind"
,Recommended,278080,10185314,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Chambill,one of my all-time favorite series. Best part: you can play with your friend on the same computer!
,Recommended,278080,10740226,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PimpRice,nice game :)
,Recommended,278080,10783793,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Great,Games like this never get bored. (Hopefully)
,Recommended,278080,10931879,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sutantoedy,I wish that this game support full game pad control
,Recommended,278080,11138371,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,AcyclicWoodzy,"pretty good, would love to have the online co-op though"
,Recommended,278080,11301334,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lynx,"If you need a game where you're just butchering thousands of people to unwind, this is for you."
76561198031754164,Recommended,278080,11380450,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,1800-Thicc-Boi,Best get killed by Lu Bu simulator I know of.  To honor his death I will dance and feast on top of Cao Cao's Grave. 199 / 10
76561198041731664,Recommended,278080,10691451,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BunniesRFluffy,"This game man.... You have to like the hack and slash games to enjoy this game. If you have played Dynasty warriors for the years, they love you...."
76561198115624395,Recommended,278080,10698196,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xable,"Killed 3,000+ peasants and didn't feel guilty. 10/10"
76561197977770767,Recommended,278080,10805812,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Camouflage6,I bought this game only to pursue Lu Bu.
76561198098296605,Recommended,278080,10826351,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,caoboianh,The Most Awesome Game ever!! This is why I always love Dynasty Warriors. Highly Recommended!!
,Recommended,278080,10970295,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,teh_black_d00m,"relive china's exciting history and master historically accurate weapons like the hoe, caligraphy brush and taoist cards10/10 for realism"
,Recommended,278080,11004704,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Leflair,"Chop Chop Chop, cartwheeling through a crowd of mooks with a pair of axes bigger than yourself.It's Dynasty Warrior, not super clever but it got more depth than I thought it would have (from previous experience).So yeah, want to have a relaxing trip around China? Get this game.And hope we get some of that DW8: Empires action too for the PC."
76561198066068653,Recommended,278080,11096968,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,tekno_Q8,these is 1 of the best games iv ever played
,Recommended,278080,11313701,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Drako9,using a magicl stick with lu bu i killed a whole army of chinesesfabulous as ♥♥♥♥lu bu / 10would lu bu again
76561198007847308,Recommended,278080,11329395,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,PHANatic,"Had a few problems with the game here and there... Overall, great game. Lacks an online multiplayer, however, it'll keep your boredom at bay for quite some time.P.S. If you have a wireless headset... The game won't work with it active!"
,Recommended,278080,11386357,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,TONBOKIRIIIIIII,"Wang yuanji, Lu Lingqi, Guan yinping, and Xiao Qiao exist in this gamethat's the reason why you should buy it"
,Recommended,278080,11504518,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Jevnation ♫,"I have been a fan of Romance Of The Three Kingdoms ever since Dynasty Warriors 2 and it's been a different experience in every release, despite the fact that the franchise is built upon the same Three Kingdoms era in China (around 200 AD).You play as one of the renowned officers serving your kingdom (faction in some cases), throwing yourself into the battlefield and ready to give thousands of foes some whipping lessons.So it's just a hack 'n slash action game?Yes, and beyond that as well. Depending on the weapon you choose, you'll get a different moveset to negotiate your way to your enemies' elimination (me and my goddamn rhetorics) and it all gets spectacular in new ways whatever you pick.But all I am doing is just beating up enemy soldiers to win each battle?Yes and no. Granted, many of the scenarios' outcome are decided upon whose commanding officer gets defeated but there are other kinds of critical objectives taking place, as well. One I can think of is escorting an important officer to safety out of the battlefield, which means you'll have to fight those who stand in the path and putting the mission into jeopardy. (that's the point, after all)Every scenario also have a set of different events that will decide the flow of battle and it is up to you if you will carry them out for the benefit of your current scenario or the next one. So the strong point being is that it all comes to strategizing your next move. (like, should you carry out that side objective or protect your commanding officer from incoming attacks?)Outside the gameplay factor, I must say that the developers have allowed to lift up the character's personalities throughout the story, giving them some kind of intrigue value since you can relate with some of them. Cao Cao, for example, has been relatively portraited as some kind of villain at different points but playing the Wei campaign shows that there are different nuances that defines his human values.By what I've summed up so far, Dynasty Warriors 8 comes up with different gameplay functions and character designs (both in looks and moves) on a familiar preset based on the Chinese history. Having not played anything since DW5, this was a welcoming return when it has made its way to Steam and it's hard to quit when I've gotten into the rampaging and progressing through the battlefields and stories. I haven't tried other game modes such as Ambition mode, but you can find other reviews that touches upon those contents. Ever since Dynasty Warriors Online went down, I (as many other fans) only wished the online multiplayer function would come back again on this release but I can only hope it does someday soon."
76561198255293704,Recommended,278080,31328715,Posted: 23 April,all,Bob_Da_Beast,"this game is reall fun to play and with progression they is a lot of things to complete in this game but with one major flaw being someone who has played nearly all the older ones i would like to buy the skins but with the price there are asking i can't be borthered to do so and yes the older ones like 1,2,3,4 are only 2 pounds but the other are just to high, over 16 pounds just for charaters skins when the game already at a high price of 40 pound is just not going to happened but this game is a good game and i will suggest anyone to play it (if you have controller because mouse don't work and if you know how to get it to work would be nice) otherwise game is good just not worth the price"
76561198044135836,Recommended,278080,10918728,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tempest,favoret hack and slash game.
,Recommended,278080,10922509,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pessimystic,"If you've played the console version of this game and you were impressed by the amount of people they managed to cram on screen at once, then you haven't seen anything yet. This game runs so well on PC that sometimes there are literally too many people on screen and you can't see anything.10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10962960,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,★ QUITE THE SPICY MEME ★,"I enjoy this game, but the camera angles don't work for me. 7.5/10"
76561197988287846,Recommended,278080,11314004,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Lvl. 31 Footman,"Dynasty Warriors on a good PC fixes any problems expereinced on consoles where you could only see a certain number of characters on the screen at one time, and loss of frame rate. It is a MASSIVE battle where you can see just about EVERYONE with great detail and smooth frame rates. Classic fun Dynasty Warriors, done justice to the true visual scale it can provide on PC. I highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,278080,11336633,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Blackbyrd,*fan-boy-gasm*
76561198037806201,Recommended,278080,11415578,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,smithysdj,"Easily best of the series, but where is all our DLC"
,Recommended,278080,11461558,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sofa King,"One of the better DW installments in my opinion. The historical and hypothetical routes gives you pretty much every scenario ever imagined so far for the series. Ambition mode is pretty interesting and really adds to the replay value. 5th and 6th weapons are for the most part a challenge to get so collectors have plenty to look forward to. I'm just really irked that they didn't include the original Japanese audio for this one. I've had it in previous DW games on consoles but for some reason they just decided not to include it.I would definitely recommend this title to any DW fan. To those who are new to the series: It's a glorified hack'n'slash, set in the Three Kingdoms era of feudal China(following the story of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms). If that's the kind of game you enjoy, I also recommend this to you.BREAKDOWN:The story is given in various formats. Cinematic cutscenes are used to tell some more dramatic moments, while the stories of the battles themselves are told during gameplay through dialogue. Exposition and time skip filler story is presented in visual novel format. The story itself is, of course, the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. If you've played any other DW game before, you know what that means. If not, then honestly the DW games are probably the best way for you to experience that story.Audio is standard DW, which is both a pro and a con. A pro because it's very concise and action packed, from SFX to BG music, so the audio really adds to the impact of the game. A con because it literally has not changed since like, PS2 days. The audio is more high definition, sure, but those death screams are the same death screams I heard as a child, slaughtering thousands of hapless Chinese peasants.Gameplay is standard of a DW game. No weird gimmicks in this one like they've experimented with before, just pure and simple attacking, blocking, parrying. However, with the game's cast of 50+ playable characters, each with their own unique weapon, the gameplay can remain fresh for quite some time if you change up who you are playing or what weapons you are using.EDIT: I forgot to mention the one new thing they did add this installment, which is the Weapon Attunement system. Basically it's a rock/paper/scissors(or in this case Heaven/Earth/Man) system where certain attuned weapons do more damage to and allow for storm rushes against enemy officers using an attunement that is weak to yours. You are allowed two weapons and the game(and I) recomment using two different attunements in order to prevent enemy officers from having an attunement advantage.Graphics are... console port quality. To be fair, I doubt the studio ever put a lot of attention into the peons in the first place, but they look like clay soldiers when they do close ups of their faces. The officers themselves are much more defined, and they actually look good. It's also not very optimized to run in 1080p(which is an option on the PC version). I have a pretty beefy rig but I still notice huge frame drops when I first load a mission for seemingly no reason. It smooths out quickly though and will stay running smooth until the next time I launch the game.OVERALL:I'm leaning on a 7.5/10 for this one. Really is a lot of fun, but I think it's a very niche game.PS:About the multiplayer thing: It's been my experience that DW has never had online co-op. It's always been local co-op, so not sure what to say about that. I'm not sure if they will ever do online co-op for a Musou game so don't expect it to be a thing for this one."
,Recommended,278080,10432707,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Whitesides,Everything I wanted and more.I just hope the dlc comes out on Steam.
,Recommended,278080,10962940,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,buddah,Love it :D
,Recommended,278080,10970046,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[NES]Shocktarts,It knows what kind of game it is and does it flawlessly.  One of the best hack and slash games I've ever played.
76561198046939439,Recommended,278080,11005367,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Cryodes,"This is a great game, I haven't had this much fun with a Dynasty Warriors game since 3. As much fun as the story mode is I am having a lot of fun playing the ambition mode, for some reason I like games where I can visually see progression through village upgrades or through personal upgrades. I just started playing the game a few days ago and I already have about 5-6+ hours.Pick this game up!"
76561198086212393,Recommended,278080,11023911,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Tierch,"totally love it , and really great game ! , only need online co-op mode and DLC ( girls character esp. )"
76561198071912384,Recommended,278080,11050910,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,pip-boy,"This game is like porn, it has hard hitting action which is probably what you came for but you just have to ignore the terrible acting in order to climax."
,Recommended,278080,11294889,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,rindragon,
,Recommended,278080,11296276,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,KRPGerbill,Amazing game! Love all of them!!
76561197972624333,Recommended,278080,11303420,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,djfearless,"Great game but it needs to have online multiplayer, cloud save support, and an option to create a character. I unfortunately had to buy a hard drive recently and when i reinstalled my 93 hour save game was nowhere to be found. Other than that this is a well polished game for the most part. The textures and shadows are a little off(especially during cutscenes) but if you've ever played a DW title on a console, you will notice a vast improvement."
76561198076911127,Recommended,278080,11718038,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Nimbox,"Pursued Lu Bu and died, died and died some more.. Not the smartest to just start the game and fight him head on. Oh yeah.. DOESN'T FLINCH EITHER!10/10 would pursue and die some more.Has a Lu Bu campain, oh yeah! Zhao Yun is changed a little from the previous games, but it's ok, he's still amazing! ☺ ♥It's just another Dynasty Warriors game with updated graphics, but still amazing.For any Dynasty Warriors die hard, go for it! Game is pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥☺"
76561198068734624,Recommended,278080,11749768,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Sleep,This game is really fun so i would recommend getting it :P
,Recommended,278080,10145803,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,CAKEnneth,"First Dynasty Warriors game on PC in a while and the port is well optimized and is best played with a controller. However, the textures aren't very pretty but you only realize that whenever you are standing still doing nothing. But that doesn't happen often because there's usually too much going on for you to notice. Gameplay-wise the combat is exactly what you would expect out of a Dynasty Warriors games, hacking and slashing thousands of brainless foot soldiers with the occassional Lu Bu sighting is a staple of this franchise. The ""Story Mode"" has a lot of content and has added several new players to the old roster and ""Challenge Mode"" gives players who are into that sort of thing something to do. But the ""Ambition Mode"" is very boring and involves doing 4 mission types over and over again in an attempt to build up your base. Overall it's a good game for both fans and newcomers alike because it's just a lot of fun and worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,278080,10955355,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ixiah Kitsunei,"Amazing! There is lots to do, and lots of characters to do it with; with this game I hope all future Dynasty Warrior games come to Steam."
76561198136071877,Recommended,278080,10978440,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,tGY,Grab Dynasty Warriors 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition right now for endless hours of awesome hack-and-slash action!A must-have for all Dynasty Warriors fans!
76561197977454035,Recommended,278080,10979808,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,silent.static,"As a long time Dynasty Warriors fan (from ps2's first release and onwards), I was a bit hesistant to pick up DW8 based on some of the steam reviews.  However, after playing the game myself, I can assure you: THIS IS THE BEST DW8, yet!Let me begin by retorting some of the other reviewer concerns:-This is indeed a port from the PS4-The graphics are in HD, although shadow quality seems to be subpar.-Everything looks great.  The character's have amazing detail and their Mosou moves are brilliant/vibrant and addicting to pull off.- The sound quality is excellent.  Even the cheesy dialogue :)The lack of ""online co-op""  is no reason to downvote this game. It's still amazing without it.  And longtime fans, like myself, won't be bothered by this missing feature.If you're on the fence, don't be.  It's a great installment of Dynasty Warriors."
76561198049556093,Recommended,278080,11330453,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,K41x||PGU||,"Mindless violence at it's finest.While simple in theory, this game has to be one of the more rewarding and replayable games to date. Being my first DW game I was expecting something different, I thought it was going to be more like MG: Rising than a ""swarm hell"" kind of game, and it actually proved to be very entertaining blowing tens and hundreds of foot soldiers away and achieving chains over 1000 hits.This game does suffer from a few problems however, premapped keys are pretty terrible (Y/Triangle is equivalent to A/Cross, and X/Square is equivalent to B/Circle, etc... as examples). It also suffers from pop in from time to time, but seeing as though this game is essentially fighting a horde of enemies, this is very minor, and horse controls are semi-abysmal (Turning when you get on is atrocius, ""want to jump with the horse? Nah, dismount instead."") because the controls are switched.All in all, the game is great, not perfect.Solid 9/10.EDIT: I have found that the controller problem is related to the configuration of the ps3 controller with DS3, the 360 controller support is the way it is intended to be."
,Recommended,278080,11394996,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gaping,Dynasty Warriors on PC. YES.
,Recommended,278080,11442933,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Superuser,"I am a big fan of Dynasty Warriors 8 series, and I love the new gameplay mechanics.Secondary weapons with weapon affinities definitely posed a challenge and gaved a fighting chance.In addition, Ambition mode was heaps of fun, albeit more grinding than fun,Unlocking weaponsmith to improve my weapons was part of the reason to play Ambition mode.Unforuntantely, I found the graphics lacking, with maximum settings still below the belt.I found that the Custom Characters were also amiss, and I was looking forward to havingmy own custom officer, so this was definitely a minus for me.All in all, with the addition of hypothetical scenarios, and with new Extreme Legends stages,this game has been a lot of fun. If the graphics could be improved, and custom characterswould be re-introduced, this game would be close to perfect."
76561198048856324,Recommended,278080,11447322,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,IceCity,spam spam spam spam spam... Awesome...8/10
,Recommended,278080,10768411,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cadlington Gaming,"Ballin'. Now give me a goddamn Empires game for PC, Koei. Don't make me beg."
,Recommended,278080,10966448,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Night King,Awesome!!
,Recommended,278080,11341831,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lucifist,"Less chatter, more splatter!"
,Recommended,278080,11394974,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bay Area Gay Aryan,"If you love pounding hundreds of mass-produced ancient chinese warriors in face with a club while a guitar shreds to recuit them onto your side, you'll love this."
76561198292117040,Recommended,278080,31158599,Posted: 15 April,all,hydejung,"If you addicted in Ramance of the three kingdoms, you should play it."
,Recommended,278080,31391106,Posted: 27 April,all,eduardextreme,"It's a bit hard to understand for those who are not into Dynasty Warriors.The ports, gameplay, history, characters are the same everytime.See Dynasty Warriors like your see FIFA, that only brings new graphics, animations and something else in each version.But what matters is the gameplay and story. It is always the same fun smashing armies, following the story and conquering everything there is to conquer.If you love Dynasty Warriors like myself, this is a must buy."
76561198111242720,Recommended,278080,13827690,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AdrianFox,Grass Cutting Simulator Series 8
76561198262028803,Not Recommended,278080,30676672,Posted: 22 March,all,Zuilzalf,"I used to be able to play it with my Gamestop 360 wired controller, now I suddenly can't play it with the controller or even the keyboard. All I can do is navigate the menus, fuuun...Don't get it on PC, it's a terrible console port"
76561198011984060,Recommended,278080,14229511,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,man eating fruit salad,"If you want an example of a BAD port, i mean a REALLY BAD port, look no further.If you're reading this review, you know what dynasty warriors is. This one adds alot of extra modes, lots of collectable weapons, yadda yadda yadda it has long legs. OK great. grand.The problem with this port isn't anything graphical, though the textures are pretty bad, early PS3 era bad, The problem with this game is the horrid interface.In a normal PC port, to tell you to do Attack 1, it would map that key to the A key, then tell you ""Press A to attack"". This game tells you ""Press Attack 1 to attack"". It never tells you which button is which. Even when you play with a controller, it never tells you shich button is which position, it only calls out the name of a command, such as ""press jump to jump on horse"". it's really really REALLY hard to deal with. My personal way was looking up the console button mapping, and mapping it in the menu like the console.Other than that terrible UI, the game runs alright, the game is fun and challenging, It's just that one thing that affects the game in a MAJOR way that really wears on you. It can be dealt with, but it's just such a stupid thing that could have been solved with just different icons for the buttons.All in all, i'd give this game a 6/10. it's very fun but it's not anything to get bent out of shape over."
,Not Recommended,278080,34945389,Posted: 14 September,all,moles,so bad you cant play with keyboard and you will have hard time to adjust your controller
,Recommended,278080,26835756,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,'#TugLeif,Solid 10/10
,Recommended,278080,33136550,Posted: 2 July,all,SKD...!,The best of Dynasty warriors !!Game play is good and new feature are so good !!10/10 for this game :)
,Recommended,278080,33186615,Posted: 3 July,all,Ruthless Kings,Another Hack& slash
,Recommended,278080,28136735,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Forsaken,Worth every penny
,Recommended,278080,21081885,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Archiver,Finally got my controller buttons re-mapped after 2 hours of messing with it. Lackluster port but great nostalgic DW game. Just as good as the good ole PS2 days.
,Recommended,278080,34221329,Posted: 13 August,all,Str82ThePoint,very fun game that you can pick up and play at anytime
,Recommended,278080,22872024,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Victory Male Carter,Quick Review Dynasty Warrior 8:XLCERegardless of the Whole DLC thing with this game i give it a 9/10 and Glad i love the series now. I am apart of The Dynasty Warriors Defence Force Because the game so much fun. Great Selection of Characters and Weapons and Battlefields .No Wonder i have played the game and Still going to play it. You don't know how many times i play Battle of Dingtao9/10Side Note On This ReviewI Cannot wait until Dynasty Warriors 9 With Lu Bu Open World Battle of Dingtao
,Recommended,278080,26258745,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MayBe Kill YOU,nice game
,Recommended,278080,13721524,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,woogiepooh2013,"Im so glad that dynasty warriors 8 has made its way onto the pc. I havn't played a dw game since 4 + 3 so its been a while. The game itself is great runs smooth but there are a few annoying issue to me that i wish would get fixed. The camera angles are a bit akward at times, the voice acting is a bit repetitve sometimes gets annoying and the grahpics could be a little better upscaled because this is on pc.You fight army after army waves of enemies such great stategy involved. Im glad that there is a free play mode in this game so i chose what character and stage i would wan't to play on. I also wish that character creation was in this as in dw 4 but i read that it is comming in dw 8 empires so that will be cool.just a few issues that annoy me so but an amazing game otherwise."
,Recommended,278080,29833830,Posted: 10 February,all,NightLight,"Great game, below average port, still makes for a positive though."
,Recommended,278080,24530875,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Djoodi,XD got this on sale. Reallt really worth the money :3Really wish that it had full controller support. :)But all in all... Great game :D
,Not Recommended,278080,22156953,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Khaos (S'A),"Initially said yes to this game.Then I got a XBone controller, and it doesn't work. Not only does it not work, you can't make it work.♥♥♥♥ you, Koei. Learn to make games that work with controllers."
,Recommended,278080,20413969,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,fesh,Koei stop releasing mediocre ports please.
,Recommended,278080,11892297,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"i tried to pursue lu bu the first time around.i nearly won, then he went super sayain and hit me like 2000 times with a halberd.this is a cool game. there's not an awful lot to it, besides killing tons of dudes and unlocking new weapons to make it easier to kill tons of dudes, but hey. killing tons of dudes."
76561198062528003,Recommended,278080,13520890,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,♥김제니,"best massacre simulator out there , 420/10"
,Recommended,278080,30600397,Posted: 18 March,all,Siggeh (ง •̀_•́)ง,Its alrite..
,Recommended,278080,30383334,Posted: 7 March,all,benzWLA,Very fun
,Recommended,278080,30658756,Posted: 21 March,all,hugmugmie,So FUN!!!!
76561198031659430,Not Recommended,278080,10107648,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,lordofkill's,Can't even start any level because of loading crashes.
76561198052244760,Not Recommended,278080,21195532,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mastabeatz,"Bad port from console !Misleading game title !I expect from a game called ""Complete Edition"" a ♥♥♥♥ing complete game which contain every DLC !Bad controller support cant change icons for example when you play with  controller.This is the first and last game of Dynasty Warriors francise i will buy on pc.On console these games rocks! But forget about pc versions.These guys always ♥♥♥♥ed up every port to pc."
76561197987551103,Not Recommended,278080,10166211,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Drauka,Multiplayer tag is misleading: does not support online co-op.
,Not Recommended,278080,23372090,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,"Despite how much I like the game itself, I can't recommend a PS3/PS4 hybrid port with gutted online."
76561198093621299,Recommended,278080,10103411,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,stellarpcusa,"Pre-purchased this title right when I seen it available on Steam. So far I love the improved gameplay, it has a small learning curve because the last title of this series I played was ""Empires 5."" Controller for Xbox 360 functions well so far, but to anyone having issues (i.e. Hr.Soil) with this might want to check your drivers (i.e. make sure they are install correctly.)"
,Not Recommended,278080,29868784,Posted: 12 February,all,Vorance,"I love most of the Dynasty Warrior games but haven't really played since DW4XL on the PS2 so I figured I'd give it a try since it was on sale for only $20, however there is no way to have a comfortable control setup for the PC port. You can choose any key on your keyboard but only your keyboard, the game does not support PS4 or XB1 controllers and you can not bind anything to your mouse so everything, including camera controlls, has to be bound to your keyboard. I also had an issue of my keybindings unbinding themselves after a cutscene for seemingly no reason in particular, forcing me to have to close out of the game using task manager in order to get it to actually close."
,Recommended,278080,10150407,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Lotharemas,"Lu Bu is a misunderstood fellow, he only wants some friends"
,Not Recommended,278080,10144123,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gergg,Has awkward default controller mapping for people using Xbox 360 controllers. Game has gone into a non-responsive state twice in 5 minutes; once after skipping the intro of Ambition mode and another trying to load the first battle of Ambition mode. Gave up after that.I recommend waiting a while and seeing if this thing gets patched up.
,Recommended,278080,12442822,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ultraviper,"Terrible voice acting, tons of forgettable characters with similar-sounding names, nonsensical storyline. Yep, it's Dynasty Warriors!"
76561198055738119,Not Recommended,278080,29866588,Posted: 11 February,all,rabidweasel2,"Unless you want to configure setup for a controller before even trying to play, don't bother buying this. It's a complete waste of time, which is sad considering the franchise is so good.  If they had just kept the control setup from the console versions...Do yourself a favor and pass, even if it's on sale."
76561198004372302,Recommended,278080,25250648,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,九州纹龙,喝水时看吕布辕门射戟的过场动画时，水差点没喷到电脑上。------------------------------------------------Like a fable they say: The grain are waiting our cut.
,Not Recommended,278080,24290049,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[ImaFeed]NOOBUNIT,"This is a great game. However, the feeling of using keyboard/mouse layout for this game just doesn't feel right and this is where the real problems begin if you wish to connect your Xbox One controller or PS (layout type) controller to play this game. Don't get me wrong, there are tons of articles and issues surrounding this problem such as: constant button/remapping freezing in the options of the game or the stuck spinning left camera. There are those who are able to find solutions and those who have tried everything they could (myself included). I just can't recommend a game with this terrible porting issue over to the PC. The game is great but be prepared and pray to the controller gods if you want to play this game with a controller. That might make or break your experience."
76561198042890140,Recommended,278080,13188957,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SFF,"Wow...I mean, WOW.I've played a lot of games in my time, several of which I've sunk many, MANY hours into.  But this game...man.I didn't really expect much going in.  Just a simple, mindless beat'em up, but what I got instead is one of the best, most satisfying games I've ever played.  Dynasty Warriors 8: XL has so much content that only now, after over 100 hours, am I even close to unlocking everything.  The battles are immenslely satisfying, and each character is unique enough to make playing as them fun and exciting.  My personal favorites are Lu Bu (duh), Zhurong, Xingcai, Lu Linqi and Yu Jin.If you want a game that is just plain FUN, give this game a try.  And be sure to get the Japanese voice DLC, because the localized voices are...hit and miss. To put it lightly. XD"
,Recommended,278080,10183116,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,dogbert'st,lingqi a best
,Recommended,278080,10156517,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Psychic Kitty,This game has top graphics and sound.If you are fan of the old games you will not be disapointed.Pricing onthe DLC is high...but some of it adds so much you would be hard pressed to finsh the new stuff added.This game is your beat em' up on a huge scale game....you play a general usualy and are on a huge map area mission with thousands of enemies....each battle has an objective and you can do as you like.  Beating enemies gives you experience points and other things to allow you to become stronger.Your character has their own storylines you can follow but in addition you can decide to just choose a battle and choose a side.Each character is different with huge amounts of dialogue and special effects.This game is based on real characters from history and so are the battles....but changed to be alot more fantastic.Lately the DLC has put the old things from the previous games back into the game....so you will have hours and hours of fun.You can play co-op....and you dont have to be super good at games to have fun.
,Not Recommended,278080,11297426,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,gibgun,Don't bother unless you get a killer deal. Really crap porting effort with unintuitive and irritating menus. The game graphics and gameplay feel very dated too.
76561197978115805,Not Recommended,278080,10160415,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Kangar,"Great game, but only when it works.  On Windows 8.1, stages load about 25% of the time.  The rest of the time, I get an infinite black screen loop and need to force quit.  I really hope this gets patched soon."
76561197990948604,Not Recommended,278080,10612946,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yung Money,"pursue Lu Bu, get him to 10% hp and when he rage you die instantly.. this game is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198122388686,Not Recommended,278080,10170058,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,normguys,i cant stand this. I'm running this game with alienware and it's still crashing. i pay $50 for enjoy not for suffer the pain when i play this.♥♥♥♥♥this game
76561198066059748,Recommended,278080,23275435,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Darkcrow,I do like playing this game very much.Its not your average button mashing massacre simulator. Its chinise massacre simulator^^
76561198019538738,Not Recommended,278080,18242244,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Sanji Love Mermaid,"this series is cool on ps2 and ps3, but you should have a game pad compatiability program to help with use of gamepad.at least test run some game to name a few.  the game should game should also be able to play by using a pc gamepad!i hate you DW8!"
76561198088460031,Recommended,278080,28099573,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Classic,good game
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,278080,18392514,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Rickityr3kt,"♥♥♥♥♥controls, even trying to remap them is a huge ♥♥♥♥in pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Hasnt been patched. What the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Use the same controls as you would have on the Xbone or ps4? Why make it so ♥♥♥♥in complicated? Really wish I had waited on getting this before they implemented the new refund policy. Also the name of the game is so ♥♥♥♥in misleading, theres an expansion and numerous dlc for this game thats not included. How is that ""complete""? Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is what I would call it."
,Not Recommended,278080,18723670,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Grim Bunny,"If it was $10-$15 maybe. $50 for a PS1 game and $200 in DLC....Yea, go ahead....get it."
,Recommended,278080,10513459,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,RoryTCH,Just thought I would give my two pennies on this game. First here is my experiance I started playing dynasty warriors on the PS2 and then moved on to the 360 and bought all of them up to 6 empires and strike force which ever of those came out last. This from my stand point is brilliant I have not used a console in about three years and to have this appear is wonderfull. Correct me if I am wrong but the content from this back to 7 is loads. Tones of new charecters who actualy play diffrent. (Cough Cough 6). Be warned however that this game does still have some CTD issues and when it does it really does cause you issues. If you can tolerated that go for it. Other wise i would wait either for a sale or till it is patched out.
,Not Recommended,278080,11350272,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Jeremythellama1,"If you don't know how to do a PC port, don't ♥♥♥♥ing do one.None of my controllers work for this, and it's NECESSARY to use a Controller, due to the incompetent developers making camera controls be ON THE ♥♥♥♥ING KEYBOARD.HAVE YOU EVER ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYED A SINGLE PC GAME BEFORE? WHY THE HELL ISN'T THE MOUSE USED AT ALL?Seriously, I don't give a singular ♥♥♥♥ about anything, Patches, or the gameplay ,YOU DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING SCAM ME OUT OF MONEY FOR A GAME WITH BASICALLY NO CONTROL SUPPORT.And no, don't ♥♥♥♥ing tell me ""configure the controls"" I still can't turn with the ♥♥♥♥ing mouse, therefore, I get ♥♥♥♥ed up from what I can't see, and unless I want carpal tunnel, I'm not going to even CONSIDER trying to find a comfortable layout.You prolly think that's it, the camera controls are ♥♥♥♥ing broken, NOPE.YOU USE NOTHING BUT THE KEYBOARD!J is the main attack button, what's the super attack button? I. Not ♥♥♥♥ing kidding, I IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING SA BUTTON! WHY!?From what I heard, the only controller that works is a PS3 Controller, everyone else can go suck a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥otherwise.There's also been reports of this being a bad port, YA DON'T SAY!?Some people have reported not being able to get past Level 1.I've seen very small amount of footage for this game, not only did it entice me quick and easily, but I was really hoping it'd be something new.I play the game, it's slow paced, hard to control, and not at all what it looked like it to be, but most of all, it was boring.I know I know, I was only able to do 3 maps before giving up on this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ but jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ, how can you ♥♥♥♥ up so ♥♥♥♥ing bad, then release the game for 50 god damn dollars.Don't buy it till it get's updated, the ♥♥♥♥er's 11gb of wasted potential.Once more, if you have NO CLUE how to do a PC port, play a SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING PC GAME, then attempt it, if it doesn't work, don't scam consumers by releasing it anyways.♥♥♥♥ this port, and ♥♥♥♥ the greedy Devs, you don't sell♥♥♥♥♥♥like this for 50 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars.If it does get updated, and it get's better I will update, for now, ♥♥♥♥ you. Make it work, then release it, ya greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,278080,10685416,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CrimsonVinyl,"I bought this during the steam summer sale 2014. Judgeing by the graphics in the screenshots it was a port of the ps4 version and so I decided not to buy it on my ps4 but instead on steam. I was very disappointed to find my xbox 360 controller wasn't working for this game. I had to set up an xpadder profile to get it to work (by telling my computer to hit a button on my keyboard when I hit a button on my controller). After an hour of working around the controller issues, I happily loaded a map only to find out that I was playing the ps3 version. The graphics looked nothing like in the listed screenshots on steam and I had every setting maxed out.I want my money back! Even with the sale I feel robbed. If I wanted a ps3 version I wouldn't have bought it on pc. If I knew they were lying about the graphics with fake screenshots, I would have avoided this port and bought the ps4 version with superior graphics. (Yes somehow a ps4 has superior graphics than my computer worth 4x as much. Thanks Koei)."
,Not Recommended,278080,10692232,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,＿ＳｐａａｓＺ,Don't buy this crap if you have windows 8.
76561198046380141,Not Recommended,278080,10613490,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Squat Litre,You cheap chinese ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT buy this game.
76561198047746797,Not Recommended,278080,11294406,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,richemont,"Until they add ONLINE CO-OP to a 2014 game on an online platform, I cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,278080,11307402,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Horizon,THIS GAME DOES NOT SUPPORT MOUSE INPUT WHICH IS KIND OF A DEAL BREAKER FOR A PC GAME
,Not Recommended,278080,10699092,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CroniX,"Horrendous pop in of enemy characters and textures, terrible port of a great game"
76561198159839133,Recommended,278080,25612500,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Megrez78,good game
,Recommended,278080,28799456,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dalfador,"*adjusts nostalgia glasses*Ok we all know the dynasty warriors series was at its height during 3 - 5. I can't speak for samurai warriors because frankly that weab crap never interested me.POSITIVES:The movesets are pretty cool, each character feels unique and it's awesome when you level up an officer so he can use the higher up combos. From Guan Yu's slow long reach slashes to Zhao Yun's quick paced almost dance-like moves, you'll always have fun hacking up hordes of poor chinese peasants.They've come a long way with visuals and it's now possible to have a lot of enemies on screen with the power of PC and the ""power"" of the current gen consoles.The challenge mode is ok I guess, I didn't play all of them, I tried the duel mode where you just defeat as many officers as possible which isn't hard at all.NEGATIVES:It's so damn easy. Even on ""master"" the basic footmen try to attack you maybe 1/25 times. The only real ""challenge"" is having to whittle down the enemy officer's high HP. (which isn't hard just time consuming.) This is a trend in many games nowadays where the developing company thinks hard and annoying are the same thing.Looking back at titles like DW3 - there were clusters of soldiers (usually five in number) with a sergeant or major that could be a threat if you were unprepared. In DW8, groups of 50-60 trash peasants just drop in with no effect other than screen cluttering.There's too many special moves.- Rage Mode- Storm Rush- Spamming the power attack button- Weapon SwitchingAll this♥♥♥♥♥♥needs to be removed.Rage mode is a bar that just turns you into an even more overpowered God when you activate it.Storm Rush just rewards spammers. (Storm Rush is where after attacking an officer a certain number of times it just cuts to a cinematic camera where you spam the attack button and slash him to death (usually instantly killing him).Every officer at level 1 can just spam their power attack button and perform some crazy OP move. Xiahou Yuan for example, spam Y and he can rain arrows down from the sky around him. There's no cooldown on this, you can do it whenever. Note: I'm not talking about the basic power attack. That's fine, but if you keep pressing Y after the basic power attack, the officer performs some crazy OP move.Giving Officers the ability to use whatever weapon they want just feels ""cheaty"" and boring. You can play as Lu Bu running around with some fairy fans that Diao Qiao would use. You could also swap that around and be Diao Qiao with Lu Bu's halberd. Atleast they brough back Sky Piercer instead of that stupid windmill blade. Just stick with one weapon!I probably have more gripes which I can edit in. But if you want to support the warriors games just buy it (on sale). I wouldn't pay over 20, maybe 30 dollars for it.We can only hope they remaster the old games and bring them to PC. Yes I know emulators exist but it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I'd rather hook up my PS2 and just suffer through the awful jagged lines."
76561198027309050,Not Recommended,278080,22244903,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Suds & Soda,"Half garbage port...no mouse support, no efforts to make a good port.Only if you like joypad.Avoid."
76561198039724525,Not Recommended,278080,10168382,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,karios525,"great game for the first couple of hours until I started experiencing freezes/black screen/annoying bugs oh and awful ps3 graphics, guess sony bribed koei yet again to release a badly bugged port to ensure that the ps4 version would shine, really wish steam would vet games more closely as this resembles more a beta than a finished version, there are a lot of pc players with similar problems so if you don't believe me check koei's official facebook page, never buying koei trash again"
76561198269141128,Not Recommended,278080,33221225,Posted: 4 July,all,iBabyMilo,This game is overall Good and Fun and i enjoyed it.... The reason I give this a bad review is because I keep crash often before going to battle/after complete the battle that makes me start over again I wish there is a fix for this:(
,Recommended,278080,10138364,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Joshi,Yes.
76561198017197515,Not Recommended,278080,10142859,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mikey,can't even start this game properly. kept crashing random when it's loading movies or when ingame.how do i get a refund for this game?!
,Recommended,278080,10113077,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Abu 3rb づ,my favorite game in 90s played DW 4 more than 100h+ and never get boredthank you Valve and Koei for porting this game on PC i hope it's first and not lastLu Bu & Shu army fan \o/
76561198070768631,Not Recommended,278080,10136234,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dánjal Poulsen,waste of monney
,Not Recommended,278080,11344353,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Xmoono,This game suck.
76561197984091911,Not Recommended,278080,13558234,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zero,I have not had any problems using a controller on any modern game except this one. It doesn't even recognize it.
76561198035715741,Not Recommended,278080,13557443,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,WhosYourDaddy,Game does not use a mouse .. be prepared for a heap of frustration trying to configure a controller if you have one. Otherwise playing the game using just keyboard controls is just ridiculously stupid. Why create a game like this that doesn't use a mouse????????? Imagine playing CoD using just a keyboard.
76561198024342358,Not Recommended,278080,16515355,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,doomstringer,"bought this expecting to slay thousands, instead spent time remapping controller fruitlessly."
76561198037928955,Not Recommended,278080,11526558,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,krunjar,A very poor incarnation of dynasty warriors. Zero Atmosphere the combat feels extremely floaty the camera is terrible and the textures are worse than DW3. Overall a cheap cash in. I regret wasting my money.
,Recommended,278080,25389989,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,KingNibs,Balanced and structured combat.Intense 1vs1 fights.stratigic/brilliant planning.Great character devolpment and customisation is not how i would describe this game.
,Recommended,278080,13174531,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bones mcgee,OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,278080,17497471,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Phe Phe <3,"Ive been playing this game for 8 hoursSometimes there were bugs. Not only one, i found 2 to 4 bugsLike example, it didnt say i should destroy the ballista yetThen, next objective said ""destroy the ballista"" but i had destroyed the ballistaSo i couldnt complete that objective and i couldnt go on. I was stucked.Graphic 8/10Story 10/10Art 10/10Bugs 10/10Fix it pls, I'll give my precious thumb for youSorry for my bad english"
76561198029190809,Not Recommended,278080,12329459,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Fuocofire,"Wouldn't say this game is great in any sense.  The combat is brainless and just as exciting as playing with a controller while staring at a fireplace.To be honest I'm pretty sad at how this game turned out.  I really enjoyed DW3 back when button mashing was fun, but this game has added almost nothing new to its formula.  If you already own any of the Dynasty Warrior games put an ""8"" sticker on it and you'll have this game."
,Not Recommended,278080,12332656,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Selene,"One of the worst ports I've ever seen. The game doesn't support 16:10 resolutions, you need to rebind keys on the controller before the thing will even work, and on the mouse & keyboard side the mouse isn't supported, at all. This kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥is unacceptable in 2014 when all it takes is one extra programmer to get these things sorted. Not recommended to anyone but the die hard fans of the series who can put up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,278080,10183997,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Ackman,"Dynasty Warriors 8, ""Lineage Battlers Octo"" A console skinner box.This is a console skinner box. All craftdwarfmanship is of the highest quality. It is encrusted with RPG elements and encircled with bands of randomly generated Ambition mode stages. This object menaces with spikes of timesinkite.On the game is a playstyle of a mother killing everything. The everything are dying. The mother is using Rage attacks. The playstyle relates to the completion of the leveling of Wang Yuanji and the optimising of her weapon in the Ambition mode using the Weapon Fusion function in hour 47.On the game is a playstyle of yelling at Zhang Bao. On the game is a playstyle of not getting to play the officer you want just because they're dead. On the game is a playstyle of event-based branching-path story modes.Man what did you want me to write, it's a Dynasty Warriors game. I'm just glad a bookish, frequently-exasperated woman who gets along surprisingly well with her mother-in-law is the strongest character in the game, instead of some schmuck with a spear and giant twintails."
,Recommended,278080,10737531,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GUAPOMANIA,bruh
,Recommended,278080,10114712,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,animehunter159,"It is by far the best out of the series and I recommend all who like the series to buy this game; As for the other people If you aren't into Hack and Slash or button mashers you will not like the gameplay. The main story is awesome, as is the amount of characters. I'm glad I didn't have to buy a PS4 to play this and It's a shame that the visuals are straight out of 2005, but it's Dynasty Warriors on PC and for that I'm glad they released it. 8\10.HD graphics plus Empires and it'd be perfect."
,Recommended,278080,10963518,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Raven 13th,10/10 Genocide Simulator
,Recommended,278080,11529756,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,..☁ S-teamed Buns..☁,"If you're into Hack and Slash and have a hunch for Chinese history , then yes ♥♥♥♥~"
,Recommended,278080,10937742,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,『HellMuT』,Pretty cool. Has cute waifus.
,Recommended,278080,11342006,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ツ,Lu Bu/10
76561198071319668,Not Recommended,278080,23902742,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aka HC,The controls and setup is♥♥♥♥♥♥on pc and it is a walk through hell to chance the controls to something that MIGHT work...
76561197994147528,Recommended,278080,12740478,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,tykeman3,its dynasty warriors what more do i need to say xD
,Recommended,278080,10229321,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,railgun pls,"I spent ages getting Cai Wenji close to Sun Shangxiang, just for Cai Wenji to go and betray her. She will pay for what she did to Shangxiang."
,Recommended,278080,10216804,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hope4X,not bad game
76561197993266879,Not Recommended,278080,10713303,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,THE DUTCHMAN,"The game is boring like hell. The dumbest smas'em up ever. You can even play it with a turned off monitor. Just be sure to keep pressing the attack button until the round finishes. Well, to be honest I was expecting something like that, but I hoped the graphics in game would be good. But it's on the PS2 level, despite the screenshots.Total waste of money."
,Recommended,278080,30101448,Posted: 22 February,all,B.D. Gogu,Frumos jocul
,Recommended,278080,12649384,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Quisani Wordcaster,"I love the series, but the controls are a little frustrating. I decided to pull out the ole' controler and spent about 6 minutes figuring out how to get the pause button to actually pause and not just change the map. Once I got past that, the pwnfest began. Seems like they didn't update any graphics, but the chance to play this on the PC makes it more than worth it."
76561198050867898,Not Recommended,278080,18442251,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,AL-HaShMi,"It say Complete Edition but use still have to buy 21 dlc ?!!I played this game more than 100 hours and complete it but only because I love to slash crowds of enemies so I enjoyed it but still I cant recommend it to anyone because this game is not even completed, the controlling is suck, you can't even use the mouse! making the camera view suck. and to make it worse you can't even use a controller.also the game is very repetitive, you will need to gather allies and resources to be able to build an army and guess how you do that?, you play the same maps and same missions many times ( more than 30 times the same exact mission)if you love crowd-combat games its probably you only option so buy it if not don't west your money."
76561198024984878,Recommended,278080,34557314,Posted: 28 August,all,Fleszka,As someone who thinks Dynasty Warrios peaked with Dynasty Warriors 4 I found this game to be pretty good.
76561198066667185,Recommended,278080,28296259,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,tenchiblaze,good button mash game
,Recommended,278080,10182957,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Shuttlecock Dog,"THE GROOD:- It's Dynasty Warriors. Though repetitive, most games in this series are tons of fun, and this is definitely among the really good ones. Anyone who likes action games will probably like Dynasty Warriors 8.- If names like Ksao Ksao, Thai Shirts, and Soon Chuan are any indication, the English voice cast have finally learned how not to horribly mangle Chinese names. Mostly. I think. (I don't actually speak Chinese. I'm just pretty sure the English voice cast was doing it wrong in previous titles.)- While it is a console port, it performs pretty well on my four-year-old laptop. It's a fairly beefy laptop, but it's also four years old and a laptop. It probably performs well because the PS4, which this title originally came out for, is basically a PC anyway.THE BAD:- It's Dynasty Warriors. Now that we've hit the series' eighth (!) installment, the formula is well-established and unchanging. If you like Dynasty Warriors already, this is more of what you like. If you don't like Dynasty Warriors but are holding out for something to change, not much has changed. If you're on the fence about buying this game or haven't played a Dynasty Warriors game before, I highly suggest finding Youtube footage or Twitch streams and watching those instead before deciding whether or not you buy it.- PC controls are probably awful. I haven't even bothered trying them. It's a console port like Dark Souls was; they pretty much ported the whole thing over by pressing a button and calling it a day. Use a gamepad.FINAL THOUGHTS:7/10 minimum, and that's not just average -- that's really good. If you don't already hate Dynasty Warriors, then buy it with your moneythings and play it with your face. Except don't play it with your face, because chickens do that when they're trying to cause Armageddon. Play it with your feet instead, like normal people."
,Not Recommended,278080,29886070,Posted: 12 February,all,EternityIsNow,"I really wanted to like this game. I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I used to play DW8 Empires on my PS4 for hours.But as much as I want to like it, I can't, because the controls make it unbearable. There is no mouse support, so you're stuck using the keyboard for the camera. The gamepad controls are better, but still unruly (DS4 controller: in the menus, Triangle is select, whereas X is mapped to the Tab key?).So just re-map them, right? Wrong.Entering the re-mapping screen causes my DS4 controller AND keyboard to go unresponsive, making me alt+tab out of the game. 10 of my 11 minutes of playtime were spent trying to get the controls to work (or the game to respond). The last minute was spent trying to play the game with a keyboard. Refunded (sadly).If you want a Warriors game, I recommend Samurai Warriors 4-II. There isn't nearly as much content as DW8: XLCE offers, but it's controls are customizable and work with a DS4 gamepad."
76561198021189341,Not Recommended,278080,11732932,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Free Shrugs,ported directly from console this is terrible i want my money back
,Not Recommended,278080,20183516,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Henry,"This is a third person game, without any mouse support.1/10 would walk into wals again"
,Recommended,278080,10232712,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,medhathobo,Games fixed. Buy it if you love to massacre over 1000 chinese dudes in the course of less than an hour.
,Recommended,278080,10113188,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,NormireX,"It has been a while since I played a full on DW game. The last in the main series I played was 6 and I have to say this version of 8 is amazing. I was super excited when I saw it show up on Steam as it is the first DW game to appear here. It is not the first DW game on PC but it is the first in a while.There is nothing really new with the game, it is the good ol DW style and I like that. The graphics are a bit better than the previous games on PC though this game could stand an HD texture patch to be added at some point as some textures are pretty awful. Overall though the graphics are improved.The game has options for just about any resolution and it works well with an Xbox controller, but I would suggest erasing all Button bindings and start from scratch and configure the controls to your liking just in case a button may not be where you want it by default.This is a solid 8/10 game. Very fun and the voice acting is not bad at all and the stories are interesting. Highly recommend all DW fans pick this up and show support on Steam so maybe Tecmo Koei will release other games in the franchise on PC/Steam. I would love to see the Gundam series on here and Orochi. Heck,  I want them all on here."
,Recommended,278080,10113327,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Vrait,"A fanastic Game, and a pretty good port.The game plays just the same as it's console counterparts, sans the online co-op. Only local co-op here.Graphics look great while playing, the textures are a little low resolution. But you can't really notice it while playing.There is a ton of content in the game. At the time of this review I've only beaten the Wu campaign, and I've only scractched the surface. This is a game you can get and just keep on playing, and playing.If you know Dynasty Warriors, you know what you are getting. This is the best one so far, and you will not be disapointed if that is what you are looking for. The basic concept is still the same, just with a bit of polished here and there. There is nothing vastly different in this one, compared to the old ones.With that said, I am really enjoying it. And I highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,278080,10138739,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Fob,"5 storylines, all with hypothetical paths and ""what - if"" scenarios, combined with the free, ambition and challenge modes gives this a LOT of gameplay.Not one to pick up for extreme strategy though, as the gameplay is mostly wading into swarms of 50 or more enemies and killing them all.Does not have the best graphics or texture work, but i think that's due to the amount of things that need to be rendered on screen at once.If you liked dynasty warriors before you'll love this one, otherwise wait until it goes on sale.10/10 would pursure Lu Bu again."
,Recommended,278080,10136657,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Atomic,"My favourite hack and slash game. With this new installment and new characters, this is a must play!10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10134542,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Kain,"Well, it's a a good game on it's own. I used to play it on console and I think they could've used the PS4 graphics for example ... Smashing buttons through the campaigns there is only one thing I miss: japanese audio. I hope they release a DLC for this like they have done for some DW."
,Recommended,278080,10138590,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Silvintus,This game is amazing what would make it better is a HD texture pack but it is not really anything important. I have not enjoyed other DW games since DW4 and this DW is now my Fave
,Recommended,278080,10115440,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Moridin,"Very good port. Has everything that you would expect out of DWXL, only lacking online multiplayer.If you own it on console, i would recommend waiting until this either: goes on sale, adds online, or both.Only things i can see so far that could be fixed:-Controller Support: You can use a controller to do everything. Only, the buttons are not laid out for you (aka you have to either know what to press from past experience, or guess) Not a huge issue for DW vets, but still slightly annoying as DW controls differ from the norm.-Multiplayer: Seeing as i've played almost every DW since 2, this isnt a big issue for me as most of them were offline. But adding a game to steam and not having online? C'mon devs, wtf were you thinking?-Textures: Really noticable in cut-scenes. They arent terrible, but it looks like a PS2/Xbox game. While playing, it isnt that noticable as you move a lot and rarely stand still.Overall, its 99% of what i was expecting (1% for the online, but oh well. If the devs are smart, they will add it)"
,Recommended,278080,10117503,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Dr. Pyser,"People already know what Dynasty Warriors is, and the division between fans and humbugs has been resurrected enough times to make Jesus blush, so I'll just say this:Lu Bu creates a ridiculous ocean wave using his mighty lance -- and then proceeds to RIDE INSIDE THE WAVE TUNNEL on the Red Hare to battle against Cao Cao -- in the intro CG.You don't get anymore badass than that, kids.P.S. This is the first time you can complete a full storyline campaign as Lu Bu."
76561198027569933,Recommended,278080,10121672,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,rajin147,"Very disappointed. The store page led me to believe that I would be able to play this online with a friend. This is not the case. Please amend this, Steam!"
76561198045073278,Not Recommended,278080,10658759,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,thegreatwhy,"This game has the worst controls in the history of PC gaming. I have NEVER seen a PC game who simply kills the mouse.There's no keyboard+mouse option, so you must manually control camera movements on a LIMITED portion of the keyboard, because for some reason, you can't touch plaer 2's keys even in single player mode.It's poorly thought-out and from my point of view, nearly unplayable.Think twice before wasting your money."
76561198067796110,Not Recommended,278080,10975183,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,iH.SolaR,"I appreciate the fact that Steam has given Toei Company a chance to make their game here with Dynasty Warriors 8 XLC edition. I however, didnt really the experience first hand. Given the chance of a first impression, it is as terrible as it gets. Graphics aren't optimized for the ""next gen"" experience. Currently with NO Online Co-op playthroughs with the story or other modes, I really don't reccommend the purchase. I'd really like to see upcoming patches to work on the online co-op modes though, only thn I'd say this is worth the time.But for now, I'd say no."
,Not Recommended,278080,11804026,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,ObeseDolphin_A380,"What is so COMPLETE about this so called COMPLETE EDITION, when they pushed DLCs so far that now we got almost 200$ worth of contents to purchase?I rarely don't recommend a game, but in this case, this is just terrible. I didn't enjoy the base game itself that much, even though I played DWs on PS2 and on my PC, and I actually liked them and played it over and over, this one didn't feel or played like one. Horrible in-game graphics which is nothing like the screenshots shown on this page, no x360 pad support, no game pad Ui (plus, the game's keymapping for keyboard and mouse is kinda awkard).This is one of few pre-purchases that I made."
,Not Recommended,278080,12013383,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Andry,"Poor port. Controls feel clunky, all button prompts are generic icons (which button is the horse button? Turns out it's LT), no story voiceover, graphics are alright but soldiers still pop into existence around you. Was hoping to get back into DW but just can't enjoy this game."
76561198017418708,Not Recommended,278080,13553179,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,天诛,"I do not recommend this ""PS3?"" port that doesn't have such ""juicy"" GFX just like in the screenshots, combat feels dated and there are no new mechanics added ( i would like to see the weight behind the attacks, breakable armors etc. ) Yet they are afraid to venture into new ""grounds"" with the series. Camera problems, when controller is plugged in, no HUD buttons displayed ( which is confusing ).Last but not least : Price and ""Milk"" DLC ( Incomplete Edition more like it )Dissapointed.Had better experience with DW series on consoles. This pc port is a pass."
,Not Recommended,278080,13547491,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,revyy,"DYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends ""COMPLETE EDITION""but still you have to pay 180€f or all dlcsshame about it"
,Not Recommended,278080,13542716,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Font,There is no Mouse Support whatsoever.If you don't have a controller good luck playing.10/10 IGN
76561198049004675,Recommended,278080,29872773,Posted: 12 February,all,wharok,"awww damn, I payed full price for this a week or more ago"
,Not Recommended,278080,19363551,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,wurms-r-us,"No mouse support,  awkward to control on keyboard only, Didn't try with game pad but I've heard there's some issues there as well , so if you want to play this game probably should get the console version."
76561198242018594,Not Recommended,278080,20231983,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,fartingmaster3873,The game controls suck and i cant play it with a xb1 controller because of the constant spinning and when i go into the controls and try to edit the buttons it stops and wont let me do anything making have to click crtl+alt+del to even do anything. And for those who are feeling bad about the purchase you made go to help on the top left corner and steam support click the game and click the first option and request a refund everytime i have requested a refund i gave it to me within 24 hours everytime and the full amount too. Please fix this I hate waiting to make a purchase for another game because you sons of a (b####ches) dont know how to make controls Fu##ing Work. FIX THIS AND QUICK DOING A HALF♥♥♥♥♥JOB!
,Not Recommended,278080,19998460,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,edct3440,"Do not buy this game. The Xbox One controller doesn't work for this. I tried for 2 hours, and 10 different solutions to the problem, and still nothing. Save yourself the headache ahead of time."
76561198200498378,Not Recommended,278080,21810838,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Yorek,"Bad game , very short and surely not worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,278080,16114396,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,zynlnow,"don't buy, it not worth."
,Recommended,278080,12246015,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Skelzor,Under no circumstances is anyone to entertain the notion of pursuing Lu Bu!
76561198015779662,Recommended,278080,12377980,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lü Bu,"One of my favorite installations of the series. Endless hours of gameplay, trophy challenges for the elitsts, and just plain fun when have that need to annihilate thousands by your hand! P.S. Use a PS3 remote!!"
,Recommended,278080,15321193,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,✪ RaideN,"Dynasty Warriors is an hack and slash game thriller. From the graphics of the heroes and the weapons to the awesome music, there is nothing more you can ask for in DW 8. It is really a one of a kind type of game because you cannot find any games similiar to DW because DW is more of an open game mode where you can move everywhere and do pretty much anything you want compared to Total War where you actually hve space restrictions and the atmostphere is not top-notch. Overall, Dynasty Warriors 8 is such a  good hack and slash game that I am not really sure how Koei can keep releasing DW games."
,Recommended,278080,12341700,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,☆R.e.s.S★™,"Actualy, Since i was teen, everyday play this game on PSP and now on steam.I really like this game, but i want Full Japanese Version not only Audio Interface, Subtitles.I want play on Full Japanese Version. If Co. saw my recommend, hope add japanese language"
76561197973068499,Not Recommended,278080,15506902,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Withering,no
,Recommended,278080,13534439,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Kaludan,Fun remake. Definately wouldn't pay more than $15.The people who named the game also clearly didn't understand the definition of Complete or Xtreme.There is a ridiculous amount of DLC and there is no reason that it wasn't included in a game that is a remake of a remake of a remake of a remake of a remake of a remake of a remake of a generous adaptation of what is I'm pretty sure the Chinese Bible.
,Recommended,278080,33068641,Posted: 30 June,all,SiDzinhu,=)
76561198156319312,Recommended,278080,28649743,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FrankYH,why i cant save the game? so annoying:(
76561198002377859,Recommended,278080,29088573,Posted: 7 January,all,Game Changer,"Games fine, except I need Dynasty Warriors 9 to be like Dynasty Warriors 4 again, that was the best one, you need to add single character Story Missions again, you need to add finding horses again, you need to remove finding all these random♥♥♥♥♥weapons and find weapons that are good for YOUR character that you're actually using, you need to add everything back from 4, maybe you could leave out the Body Guards because I don't really care for that feature, but you also need to add hunting for everyones ultimate weapons, (Not sure if this one has ultimate weapons, but I really hated the story line that i couldn't play the same character through all the missions.).Besides that the games fine, I'm not really sure what happened between all these Dynasty Warriors but you definitely need to add single character missions back, I want to spend countless hours playing this, not 50, when you go through a mission and can't take for instance Sima Shi again, it's very distasteful, instead you should make a whole campaign with Sima Shi, I felt as if dev's got very lazy with this, and need to bring that back if they plan on a 9."
76561198210131105,Recommended,278080,25226911,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DONALDTRUMP,ds
76561198057682487,Recommended,278080,12381872,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Patrick Star,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,278080,29949596,Posted: 15 February,all,Aatxe Gorri,"Terrible port for PC.  Took a while to map the controls to a controller and was finally getting into the game when:*poof*Game would drop out from under me in the middle of a mission and go back to the main menu.  Lost all progress.  No more.  Loved the series when I owned a PS2, but unfortunately, Koei/Tecmo doesn't want to upgrade."
76561198101192533,Not Recommended,278080,33637489,Posted: 18 July,all,TheHunter8989,Bought this game on sale because I had played some of the previous games and loved them.  I was wary since many reviews spoke of bad controls but I figured that I could just remap them and I did.  About seven hours into the game and absolutely loving it when my controller became unplugged (using a ps4 controller with ds4windows).  I plugged it back in and my controls were all messed up.  I try to change them and the mapping screen won't work.  I can tell the game is still running because there is a blinking light.  As of now I have tried every type of solution that I and the everyone else has tried and nothing has worked.  My keyboard works but the camera spins and will not not stop causing the game to be unplayable.  So basically be careful with this game because it might not work for you.  Due to this I have to not recommend this GREAT game.  If any solutions come to my attention I will change this review and continue playing.
76561198145275179,Recommended,278080,32730842,Posted: 24 June,all,NABE,"love dynasty, and im waiting for dynasty warriors 9"
,Recommended,278080,10577086,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sakamoto,"I can kill thousands of warriors and heal myself with ""onions"" 10/10(Poor control optimization, spent like 10 minutes to figure out how to change it and leave it more like a ""normal"" control)"
,Recommended,278080,10673264,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,logweiny,"So much content. Like... So, so much... I can't even... I... I... uugurghhhu--"
76561198069376703,Recommended,278080,11293462,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Avalanche,I killed 300 dudes in one move with a paintbrush. 10/10
76561197972512059,Recommended,278080,10105007,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,*****idx,All crashing issues now fixed and it's a wonderful game.
,Recommended,278080,10122677,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Paril,"UPDATED REVIEWThe game has trouble with USB headsets. If you experience a quick-exit while trying to run the game, attempt changing your default audio output device!Now then, my real review now that I can actually play this thing! I own the PS3 version of DW8 and XL. This is definitely a step up from that version, but it still has its shortcomings.Firstly, the graphical fidelity isn't the best that it COULD be. Many smaller details, like logs, crates or even certain floors have incredibly low-quality textures and models (like a six-sided polyhedron with a 64x64 texture), whereas the characters look extremely high quality by comparison. It kind of breaks the immersion and looks out of place.Secondly, the graphics are extremely unforgiving. I have an okay system - it can run FarCry 3 at maximum at 60 FPS, but this game seems to have trouble maintaining 60. I have to run it with VSYNC 2 (which is 30 FPS cap), which allows the game to run steady at maximum. Sadly, even on lowest graphical options, I can't maintain 60 FPS. Extremely disappointing to me, as I really feel that 60 FPS makes the game shine. It seems to be the world itself that causes it to be so slow, as changing the options that affect the amount of enemies, etc have little/no effect on the slowdown. The game also lacks Frame Skip that was present in the other PC ports, which makes it impossible for us to run it at VSYNC 0 or 1 without inevitable slowdown causing slow motion.As far as the gameplay goes.. it's DW8. I love the gameplay. What more do you want?OLD REVIEWI would recommend the game if it did not have the blatant software incompatibilities that many people are having, including myself. Game does not run on my machine.. but it runs within a blank, fresh install of Windows 7 on a virtual machine -WITHIN MY MACHINE- (yes, I can virtualize it, which means it isn't my hardware that is the problem. It's clearly a software issue). Game has zero debugging, zero error messages, zero logging, no way for users to self-diagnose issues.If the game worked as good as DW6 PC did, it'd be a full yes 100% from me. Until then, don't buy and waste $50 like I did."
76561198090670706,Recommended,278080,11177801,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ルカン,"Dynasty Warriors is a very hit and miss series. Its mechanics are dull to some players, while extremely entertaining to others. If you are a long time fan of the DW series, then you will thoroughly enjoy this game. I personally would not take the risk of paying 50$ if you are not already familiar with the series, as many find this game bland and dull. I personally love this game and would consider it one of the best if not the best in the series so far. Hopefully they decide to port more DW games to the PC!"
76561197983588705,Recommended,278080,10111652,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,All Purpose Walrus,"This game is amazingly fun.The Bad:There's no multiplayer and it has problems with windows 8. Also If I didn't have a controller I'd have rage quit from lack of mouse support.The Good: Murdering 1000+ troops is the norm. There's a lot of weapon styles that dramatically change your attack style. There's a large number of characters  with their own specials. Decent graphics considering how many troops are on 1 level.In conlusion, this game is just pure fun. Mass murder across various battlefields. While I do wish there was online multiplayer, it's still a lot of fun with the NPC team interaction help. It's defintely worth the $50 if you're looking for action and have a  controller."
,Recommended,278080,10577342,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Eunwoo,Game is very fun and well designed. Only flaw is it crashes when I press continue in Windows 8.
,Recommended,278080,10581845,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Moddii,"Not only is it a Dynasty Warriors game, it's one of the good ones.Buy it."
,Recommended,278080,10587317,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Coke Fiend (Emp),Worth it if you're a fan of the series.
76561198084314933,Recommended,278080,10588514,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kEILs^cLATchMaRsta,"Rly classical game, always support it"
76561198111417397,Recommended,278080,10647507,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GoodBye4Ever,Awesome Game.....
,Recommended,278080,10590004,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mr. Jackpots,"My favorite yearly sports franchise!Better graphics, a couple new contenders, and the same story! Along with a ""Road to Glory"" mode and the league veteran ""Lu Bu"" who gets paid too much and effortlessly makes you look like a chump on the field!"
76561197999566856,Recommended,278080,10813536,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tenken,Fun hack and slash game
,Recommended,278080,10944336,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nargacuga,"The controls are wacky and take a lot of getting used to seeing as it doesn't have proper button symbols in-game, but that does nothing to diminish the fact this is a really REALLY fun beat 'em up with tons of content and unlockables and shiny different weapons if you like that stuffsimple game, simple fun11/10"
76561198110041908,Recommended,278080,11302524,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RealG4Life,multiplayer in this game would be cool
,Recommended,278080,11572512,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,LaggingEngineer,"If you are familiar with the story of 'Romance of the three kingdoms' you will really like this game. (I am Asian) Otherwise, still, it will give you a joy of destruction."
,Recommended,278080,10590323,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ΛLΞX | R Λ Z Ξ R,10/10 would die to Lu Bu again
76561198077417011,Recommended,278080,11519772,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Justine Littlewood,Perfect
76561198008934428,Recommended,278080,10577870,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kittypower806,This game has renewed my love for Dynasty Warriors. So much content and the story has the best narritive yet. Thank you Omega Force for this fantastic game.
,Recommended,278080,10590109,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,finalxnoodles,"to win DW8, get throwing knives add Flurry, Flash, Cyclone, Slash, Velocity, and dont use ice"
76561198092624342,Recommended,278080,10669602,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bd519695,LOVE THIS GAME
76561198071960824,Recommended,278080,10748034,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hai,"Going around and stomping on peons faces with Lu Bu (warring kingdoms Jarvan), 10/10 awesome"
,Recommended,278080,10968038,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sean H C,why is it English ...
,Recommended,278080,11506666,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Leonferno!,For the ultimate badass if you like the previous titles
76561198133108718,Recommended,278080,11774151,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Cody,I really like this!
,Recommended,278080,10107979,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Princess Caitlin,"Pros:-Controls like a dream with a gamepad.-Loads and loads of content.-Makes you feel cool as you slash people up with pretty effects, while still presenting challenge here and there.-Nice varied voice acting.-Nice cutscenes.-Ambition mode, which is INCREDIBLE as a side game.-Cool character designs. Cute ones too.Cons:-While the controller is good, mouse support would be better.-No dual audio for Japanese voices.Yeah, that's it for the cons. Excellent game, 10/10 overall. You need this."
,Recommended,278080,10601333,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Teen Gohan,Great game. I recommend this game to all Dynasty Warrior fans.
76561198043856345,Recommended,278080,10147489,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Augmentation,"50/50. On the one hand , its a great classic and so addicting. On the other hand , its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t since the complete edition is not complete. 5 dlc are missing and since its konami who LOVE to friggin♥♥♥♥♥♥ur wallet they release each dlc individually at 5 a piece..."
,Recommended,278080,11196954,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Shambits,I got 99 problems byt the swarm of peons aint one.
,Recommended,278080,11340119,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Grimion,I ♥♥♥♥♥♥ love it
,Not Recommended,278080,14564769,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sunshard,"Far too many easily replicable instances where the game will crash to desktop during the game, especially during ambition mode."
76561198079064491,Recommended,278080,13202353,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,K-pax,"I am not trying to be greedy or something, but could you guys release a language pack which includs Chinese or JapaneseBecause of the English translation is really BAD !!! haha"
,Recommended,278080,11767914,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Corporate Lackey,What's more dangerous than Lu Bu wielding a sword? Lu Bu surfing the land with a shield. Cowabunga dude!
76561198069363169,Recommended,278080,11544644,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dr. Bum,Everything I've ever wanted in a Dynasty Warriors game EXCEPT online multiplayer....  Thus I must give it a 9.5/10
76561198202529005,Recommended,278080,19898870,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Techs: On,solid
76561198064637950,Not Recommended,278080,16984706,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Karkoff,Anyone who like me who uses a 1366x768 resolution moniter stay away! This game does not support that resolution or 1600x1050. These are standard pc resolutions and it is a disgrace that they are unsupported.Not to mention the fact that you need a controller to have an enjoyable experience playing this game due to the controls for Keyboard/Mouse being abyssmal.Overall a shameful port.
76561198071126910,Recommended,278080,30701348,Posted: 24 March,all,QUICK TOTA,"BUY THIS GAME WITH ""DW8XLCE - SPECIAL COSTUME PACK 2"" THEN YOUR LIFE IS COMPLETE"
,Recommended,278080,30092316,Posted: 21 February,all,yurple1,"Lu Bu+ 1000s of heads to bust, nuff said"
,Not Recommended,278080,13488158,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,'Dirty Dan,"Same old Dynasty Warriors, just bogged down with crappy design. Kinda sad"
,Recommended,278080,33110778,Posted: 1 July,all,bvesun,Great Game
,Recommended,278080,33230381,Posted: 4 July,all,Al Saher,good storyline from 3 kingdom history
,Recommended,278080,10164562,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Trance,"i got Lu Bu'ed so hard i could pursue again, 10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10271396,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Michael Sly,"If you like hack 'n slash games, you'll love this game especially. When they say Complete Edition, I personally think it encompasses a lot of things - every single weapon is unique, great retelling of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, high replayability, intuitive game modes, more interactive battlegrounds.I could be biased. I mainly played each installment from Dynasty Warriors 2 to Dynasty Warriors 5 Empires. After that I lost interest due to only minor changes from 6 and 7, and the changes didn't really seem to improve much, if at all from my own perception. However this edition feels like a return to form for the franchise. It's the same Dynasty Warriors you know and love, but feels like it has great substance and weight to it as opposed to random bells and whistles that really don't improve anything.Mainly got this one because now I only play on PC, and Dynasty Warriors is rarely ever released on this platform. As a port, it has worked just fine. If you have a console, you might be better with that version instead since it has non-wonky co-op. You can play co-op on PC, but only in person with someone next to you and they use the same keyboard as yours. Haven't tried hooking the pc up to a TV and using two controllers or one controller and keyboard yet.If you're solely a PC gamer and have been missing the Dynasty Warriors you know and love, definitely get this game."
76561198059516636,Recommended,278080,11130454,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Uncrowned King,hardest 2 things in my life:1- awaking up in the morning2- pursue Lu Bu10/10
,Recommended,278080,10649141,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deimios,"The pure Dynasty Warriors experience in a suprisingly polished (for KOEI anyhow) package. Some glaring omissions like the online multiplayer and lack of Japanese voice options along with the subpar texture resolution do hamper this release, yet it shows a welcome attention towards the PC platform.If you enjoyed any of the previous Dynasty or Orochi games you'll feel right at home with this one, just don't expect everything to work at the first try.Loading issues are solved by using windows 7 (actually if you're a gamer there is no reason to use windows 8).The community japanese voice patch solves the lack of that option. English voices are pretty good, but you can't expect them to be on par with Japan where voice actors (seiyuu) are in a league of their own, and there are over 130 voice actor schools.The default Xbox360 mappings are weird to say the least, but nothing you couldn't change from the settings menu.Overall a step above older PC titles from KOEI.8 / 10 - got me to upgrade from Winows 8 to Windows 7.  Would do it again."
,Not Recommended,278080,17128800,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Shakuras,DYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition.Without the online Multiplayer of the Console Port.With 100+ $ of DLC.No. Just No.
,Recommended,278080,10644045,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Machinaweapon,"So, I dispatched Diao Chan in the second mission of Wei. Lu Bu pursued ME. REKT 10/10"
,Recommended,278080,10116294,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Spoopin,"Great game but not a great port of it. Fun hack and slash gameplay with a kick a** soundtrack, dialog is kinda goffy at first but keep in mind the script of this game is right of the pages of translation.Do I recommend this game? yes.Do I recommend this game on pc? not really."
,Recommended,278080,10113986,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,DennisKRQ,"One of Koei's weaker ports, but it's Dynasty Warriors alright.Pros:Adding to the best parts of DW7 - the story flow, the vast selection of weapons, and weapon switching - with weapon fusion, more EX attacks, 3 musous for everyone, etc. And for the love of god, I can finally summon and mount in one fluid button press!Hypothetical scenarios are hypothetical yet not entirely crazy, they are interesting and thoughtful even from a quasi-historical perspectiveNo weird random 30FPS lock as seen in DW7's PC port (Asia release only)60FPS! Absolutely great!Cons:Day 1 game-breaking bug: every time I play a stage, I have to reboot to be able to start another, or else the game crashes on loadingLack of online co-op: never my cup of tea, if western players know any better they would know that Koei's PC ports never have online co-op anyway, and they have had PC ports for DW since DW4 IIRC. The problem here I think is that Steam advertised the game with multiplayer instead of local multiplayerNot as visually stunning as I would like: not the best texture quality and shader effects, in fact not even on par with DW7's PC portOverall, a perfectly average PC port for Koei, minus that nasty bug I hope they fix ASAP"
76561198018411003,Recommended,278080,10120090,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,CounterAgent,"Ok... I love the Dynasty Warriors series and have been hooked since DW2 on the PS2. Then when they added the Empires versions, I went all in. I currently own DW6 Empires on 360 and that is my favorite to date. When I heard that they were releasing DW on PC, I couldn't wait and had to try it out.  If you have played DW in the past, then this game will look very familiar and play just like you would expext.If you have never played DW before, it is an interpretation of ""Romance of the Three Kingdoms"" which tells the story of feudal lords trying to restore the Han Dynasty or seize power for themselves. What this means is that it takes place in China approx 280 ad, you choose a warrior you want to play as and then get to fight in a battle. Each battle will have different objectives and they are also timed, the battle is filled with thousands of enemy solders that you get to fight with timed button mashes (there is a little more finesse to it but that is how the combat works in a nutshell). It isn't too serious and the voice acting is... well it is there. It really is just a fun game to go through and cause as much havoc and destruction as possible.And now for a quick review, graphics are the best in the series to date, however they are still sub-par for pc games in general. The controls are clumsy at times, but stay true to previous DW titles, unfortunately so does the camera. It appears they tried to incorporate the Empires idea into it, which allows you to choose your character and plot a semi-linear destiny for them while trying to win favor of the emperor. There has been a ton of stuff added to the weapons and combat part, allowing you to carry 2 weapons into combat and switch between them semi-seamlessly is pretty neat, but overall it is just like every other DW title.I do recommend this game and especially for previous fans of the DW series. However, I think the $50 price is pretty steep for anybody other than fans of the series."
,Recommended,278080,10115063,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Pascoe,"As many others have mentioned, the multiplayer element of the game is Split-Screen only. While I have not had any crashes that seem to prelevant in others' systems, I was somewhat underwhelmed with the button assignment options for the XBox 360 controller I've been using to play. These two elements (as well as some lacklustre textures) call into question the amount of effort put in to the porting job done with this game.That being said, it is fantastic to be able to play a game from the Dynasty Warriors franchise at 1920x1200 with 60fps. I've heard that some less 'standard' resolutions/aspect ratios are not options to select, however, all of my monitors' resolutions are fairly standard so I am unable to comment/verify this.The gameplay, once the controller buttons were bound properly, is solid and easily comparable to the experience on console. Given its console heritage I would strongly recommend getting a controller for this game, for the full experience.Personally, I wish I had researched more thoroughly into the co-op options for this game as the lack of Online multiplayer may have had me re-thinking my purchase.I would still recommend Dynasty Warriors 8, as it's a good, fun game and plays like the game it was meant to be but never quite was on console."
,Recommended,278080,10118610,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,TOTOGOINTER,"Good Game Action 3 Kingdoms on steamTECMO KOEI GAMES CO., LTD.  nice workplease port in steam for next version ^^"
76561197996162647,Recommended,278080,10141974,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Skillz (Eumelia),"I absolutely love this game, and you will too if you're a Dynasty Warriors fan. There is a good amount of content to keep you busy for hours. The only thing I hate about the game is the inability to play online with friends. Other than that I have no complaints. I am happy to purchase the game because if this sells well then that will give them the insentive to make more of these games for PC and hopefully add the ability to play online."
76561197968464843,Recommended,278080,10116080,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Etgfrog,"I would recommend this game under the specific condition. USE a controller with at least 2 thumb sticks and 10 buttons, a dpad could be considered as one of the thumb sticks but it probably wouldn't work that well. This game has no mouse movement support. Default keyboard controls conist of wasd for character movement and tfgh for camera movement.Outside that main control issue the game runs fine, plays as I expected from a dynasty warriors game. The ambition game mode makes it seem like they are trying to merge the empires spin off series into the main game."
,Recommended,278080,10119396,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Vox Koshka,"If you enjoy Dynasty Warrior games, or have in the past, but took a break then this is absolutely the perfect time to gcome back in. This game is my favorite by far."
,Recommended,278080,10134757,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,hockeyhacker97,"Simple fun game. The combat is fairly simplistic but slaughtering thousands of cannon fodder troops on normal difficulty to gain levels and weapons to have a chance on the harder difficulties is fairly fun to do. Definitly not  a game I would sit down and play to completion for the story, but a good game to boot up for 30 minutes here and an hour there and slowly progress through as you play other games (since I can see it being a bit grindy after a while if its your main game your playing).In either case the console port is kinda meh, the controls shown on the screen are a bit confusing since it doesn't show what key or button to press but rather what action to press and you just have to know what key is bound to what action and for some reason some times the game will drop from 60FPS to 20FPS in the preperation map prior to entering the next battle map where the only way I have gotten it back up to 60 is by alt tabing out of the game and then back in... since it only seems to happen in the map where you buy and sell weapons and get some lore from allies and has not happened anywhere that your doing combat, not a bug bad enough to not buy the game, though still kind of annoying.While the story line may or may not be interesting, the way its told (atleast in the campaign I started in) is so disengauging that even if the story might be good, it doesn't draw you in to giving a bloody p*** about it to the point where I feel almost like entirely skiping all of it, and I am the type of person who if the story of a game is good and told well I enjoy the game even if the gameplay is mediocre. Maybe it is better in a different campaign, or maybe it gets better later on, but my first impressions of the story is that it is entirely skipable because it doesn't do a good job at drawing you in.All in all my suggestion is wait a month or two and wait for it to be on sale and pick it up then. Its a good time waister, but unless your really into the Dynasty Warriors series definitly more of a game you would pick up on sale. (And don't get me wrong the game does seem to have a ton of content to complete to where if you spend full price for it you won't feel like you over paid)And don't get me wrong, despite all my complaints with the game I still do find it enjoyable to play slaughtering thousands of cannon fodder troops and getting challenged (on harder difficulties) with the generals I find fun, not something Ill do for hours on end, but still fun even if I only want to play the game an hour or two a week.t I find it best to go ""here is what I find wrong with it, but its still a good game"" or ""here is what is pretty good about it but its not enough to make it a good game"" ... aka give the reasons against wither or not you find it overall good or bad, that way people can judge wither or not its for them since there are things I like that others may hate and vis versa, and no game is perfect."
,Recommended,278080,10134852,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,lol ayy,Would Recommend but depending on what loadout you do in story mode for some reason it gets completely stuck on the loading screen then i have to sign off my entire pc just to close out the game it's really annoying please fix this
76561198007204395,Recommended,278080,10115467,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Draven Darkrai,Had to tweak the graphics and completely change the controller layout. But after the initial annoyances it's been an amazing experience. The over the top battles with the great accompanying BGM make for fun times. Just hope that the DLC will soon follow.
76561198069409401,Recommended,278080,10120312,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,God Emperor Jesus Christ,"I Love This Game. It has really opened my eyes to the wonder that is the Might of Lu Bu. His strength is unmatched, unstoppable, and he is the one True Warrior of the Three Kingdoms"
76561198087021127,Recommended,278080,10137089,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Keep It Tight......,"Needs to be an update so that you can acutal use the xbox 360 wired controller because every time i try to set the controls for it i get to put one key in and it freezes its a big update to fix, but about for that its a great game i've played all of them and now its time to play as lubu and kill everything"
76561198123816484,Recommended,278080,10140927,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,TheManjoBanjo,It's a great game! The only thing I don't like is I can't pause the game without minimizing it. They need to fix that. But absolutly buy it.
,Recommended,278080,10121935,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Zeigy,This game never gets old. I've been a fan for a long time. Rampage mode is the BEST. Remember that scene from the second Matrix Movie where Neo fights hundreds of copies of Agent Smith? That's exactly what playing this game feels like except that you don't run away at the end you get to kick all their asses.
76561197973774032,Recommended,278080,10137195,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Apeneck Sweeny,"Having played nearly every warriors game since DW5 (including the Samurai, Orochi, and Gundam variants) I can attest that this is a very worthy addition to the lineup.Overview: 4.5 out of 5.  (lost 1/2 star for local save data and missing online coop)Excellent execution of both Mode variety and combat systems.  Graphics are good, sounds are crisp and at a level that one would expect from a Warriors title.  I have played on both keyboard and gamepad and both work well, but the gamepad is recommended.Combat has some interesting additions in this game, namely the 3-point Heaven>Earth>Man affinity system.  At first glance it looks like it would be rather cumbersome to keep track of on top of everything else, but they have done a great job of keeping it simple in execution.  In essence it adds a welcome and interesting variety and approach to the usual murdering of enemy generals.  I did notice that hig-power weapons with additional trait boosts can overcome the damage disadvantage built into the system, but on higher difficulties the weapon affility matching matters much more.of note: Saves are local, not cloud-based as of this review.  Also, while local coop works just fine, I have not yet found where the Online coop functions are hidden."
76561198004358738,Recommended,278080,30883594,Posted: 1 April,all,Kid Silencer,nice game
76561198199144002,Recommended,278080,30262080,Posted: 1 March,all,ShokuN,I like It .
,Not Recommended,278080,30824605,Posted: 29 March,all,Mandolin Bee,"I love pretty much all *-warriors games. I've always played them on console, however. This was my first purchase on PC and I absolutely regret it.  It has everything I love about Warriors, however, the port for controller support is awful, and the keyboard controls are clunky and not at all intuitive. Consistency between modes for things as simple as selecting an entry in a menu or confirming an action could really be the same key. Or at least its own dedicated key. But it will reuse keys for different functions on different screens. It's maddening. Worst decision ever."
,Recommended,278080,10104125,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,SPYshimitsu,#1 Game of may the 13th. Get Lu Bu'd. 10/10
,Not Recommended,278080,10108161,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,The Team Ranbir,"Typical terrible port. Even the PS Vista has online support...PC Version? Nah, get back to the dark ages of local play. After working on the Microsoft Xbox, how can they even manage to succeed in offering PARTIAL controller support for a Microsoft Windows platform? Basically the same drivers.Anyway....blah blah blah, typical story of the Three Kingdoms period, so if you've played it before you know the story already. You're just reliving the events you've already relived a dozen other times for £39.99. The change is Koei have tried to make the storytelling more serious and dramatic....but the failure is they're doing this at a time when they're making the characters themselves more ridiculous and camp. The sweet spot was DW3-5.The affinity thing seems unnecessary and just an excuse to force weapon switching. The musou attacks for a lot of the characters are really poor, compared to previous games.The AI is atrocious but this game, at this stage, is just about getting combos and making your KO counter go above 1000 in the first level and even higher in the later levels. It's a guilty pleasure of button mashing for the sake of button mashing.I only recommend this to hardcore nutjobs or people that have never played DW before. Or if you're a yellow fever rice chaser that loves the ni hao la la la. But then you're better off playing the more serious games about the time period, you'll have greater satisfaction from the story."
76561198025637921,Not Recommended,278080,10133763,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Starchild,"This is a FAKE, the Graphics are PS3, not the PS4 as Advertised, They say Multiplayer, and even said Online Multiplayer on the first day it was sold. BUT.... No online multiplayer, just a crappy split screen, which is LAME. Working on my refund now. If you are buying for what you see, well, don't, it's nothing as it is advertised."
,Not Recommended,278080,10134585,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,adavidtree,"This game is broken. Do not buy this. I, unfortunately, was too excited by the thought of DW8 on PC to resist."
,Not Recommended,278080,10174994,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Zas,No Co-op. False Advertisement
76561198042182231,Not Recommended,278080,10223557,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Casper,Not too keen on the controlls
,Recommended,278080,10112475,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lousywater,As a previous world champion of Dynasty Warriors I can confirm this game is most excellent.Do not pursue Lu Bu. This battle is pretty much over. Yellow Turbanz 4 lyfe.10/10 needs online co-op.
,Not Recommended,278080,12286387,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,PokeMeng,Please bring online play to the pc users
,Recommended,278080,12990652,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,WOAH,"To everyone complaining that they dont get all the DLC with the original purchase, The game isnt incomplete. Its a full game and the DLC is just additional♥♥♥♥♥♥IF YOU WANT IT, its not required in any way and doesnt honestly add THAT much to the game. Im gonna play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game because its honestly a really good game. 10/10 would buy again.(been playin DW for years ya hurr.)"
76561198062825548,Not Recommended,278080,10175964,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,herpamongderps,"complete waste of your time, this port is terrible and simply does not play well without a controller.Not only that, there is no online multiplayer and parts of the game simply refuses to workthe graphics look like they are out of the PS2 era and the screenshots posted here are lies."
76561197989700985,Not Recommended,278080,10233791,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,kirby_sparkle,"Extreamly glitch on PC. From missions not completing due to comander or carrige not walking ten feet tot he exit zone, to the same button glitches that pluage the game on DW 3-6 on the PS@ witht he map controll. In the five hours of game play ive had two freeze ups. changeing key binds on the keyboard or on a controller is a joke, ethier you whipe the whole thing or have to deal with the stock settings. in past games youve been able to change the muisc on the fly, on PC ive found no way to change to any of the 460+ sound tracks other than in the sound options for testing muisc volume only. the DW serises was some thing i grew up with and i was glad to see a port to PC. how ever that is what it is. a port and a really bad one at that. remindes me of Rome ll. not that actual game play is that bad but the feeling of a game series with lots of histry and sucsses can realy make a pile of steaming poo. i will keep checking it when they release patchs. maybe ill hook up the old PS2 or use a emulator and play from DW 6 empire....."
,Not Recommended,278080,23047504,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TheCreepler,LOVE DW SERIES Started on 4 when i was a wee lad but 8's port is just bad the controller support the fact that i cant find any where online to figure out how to disable soft reset even if i had to F with the config nothing which is l3 R3 if your using a controller its really easy to hit while im using a PS4 Controller on my pc since left stick is movment and right stick is storm attack
,Recommended,278080,10112764,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Margatroids,DO NOT PURSUE LU BU
,Not Recommended,278080,10583854,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,l4westby,Trying to play this with an xbox controller is so much work. And even after remapping all the controls it still gives the wrong input when in use in game. The graphics are not impressive at all (ecspecially for a game that was released on the next gen consoles). Not worth the $25 I spent on this during the summer sale. I wish I could get a refund.
,Not Recommended,278080,13245934,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dallyoop,"Horrible. In this age, how do you a) not have a game that can even launch without a huge hassle. b) have a game that DOESN'T support USB heatsets and c) have a game with NO MOUSE USE.So dumb. Don't waste the money. Get it for a console."
,Not Recommended,278080,10586581,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ᴅ ᴏ ι ᴅ ᴇ ɴ,No multiplayer
76561198064982427,Not Recommended,278080,11536380,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Your average white male,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit
76561198024991969,Not Recommended,278080,10599834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bepis,"Do not buy. The most broken pc port I have ever played. WIth a 16:10 Monitor, the resolution you select in the config tool does not save and sets you at 360p when you start the game, and only allows up to 720p stretched. Also does not fully support 360 controllers. I wish I could get a refund on this garbage."
76561198033421667,Not Recommended,278080,24207056,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,darren486,"The controller are a set back for me, expecting to get full controller support, but to bad didn't happen"
76561198069549365,Not Recommended,278080,10231142,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,I ArGo I,"Don't buy. Stupidly expensive for what is a terrible game. Freezes, stalls and leaves you with infinite loading screens.Shame really as this franchise used to be fun to play on the ps2/xbox. Very buggy."
76561198009071188,Not Recommended,278080,10250213,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Macedon,"Big fan of the Dynasty Warriors series, first time to play on PC was an absolute disappointing. Finished it with one character and have zero interest to play it again."
,Not Recommended,278080,12331300,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[GA] **Cougar**,A fun game but until online co op is added its not worth the money
76561197973240051,Not Recommended,278080,10142127,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,KickingDeadPuppiesNotMuchFun,"Do not recommend this game.  It tries to be Samuari Showdown, + diablo + oldschool koei games.  It fails on all 3.  Key mapping is totally wacked out, and keymapping is messed up.  No directions or way to alter.  Options is weak.  Don't waste your money"
76561198002326288,Not Recommended,278080,33209407,Posted: 3 July,all,meenamjah,"a completely garbage port.  this is a console game, with console ui.  it's pathetic that they port it straight over with console ui, which is absolutely atrocious."
,Not Recommended,278080,23911903,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,"LOOK, IT'S ADAM!!!","It is literally unplayable. It's a broken port, it's impossible to set any new keymaps due to a broken interface, and the existing ones are so unintuitive it makes the game a pain to play. Move on."
76561198032342193,Not Recommended,278080,11891045,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Friendly Filipino,Dynasty Warriors just isn't the same anymore. 4/10
,Recommended,278080,32964189,Posted: 28 June,all,Deralam,this game is ok
76561198142582387,Not Recommended,278080,19332507,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Zummers,"this is quiet possibly the worst thing i have ever bought. no mouse support no real dirrection to gameplay. if you want brainless hack an slash. dont get this, get somthing better"
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060274,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. I spent close to an hour trying to set it up and gave up.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060312,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060265,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. I spent close to an hour trying to set it up and gave up.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060277,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060290,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. I spent close to an hour trying to set it up and gave up.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060309,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060261,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060262,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060306,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060247,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060266,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. I spent close to an hour trying to set it up and gave up.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060269,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060288,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198039576815,Not Recommended,278080,14060302,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Frabtik,Does not support xbox 360 controller. Gave up after an hour trying to configure it.
76561198046857160,Recommended,278080,10644581,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,agentj4y,"I have played dynasty warriors games since DW3, and this was not  letdown.  There was plenty of content to get me through like 20 hours of gameplay, but I'm already a fan of the series, so A+ from me."
,Recommended,278080,10579718,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,hrqpk,"OK, so it's not for everyone. A someone who grew up playing the series, its not the best, DW3 still has that crown. But for modern systems, yes, its the best. Better than DW6 and 7... IF youre a fan of hack and slash, its a buy, esp on sale."
,Recommended,278080,30181052,Posted: 25 February,all,KelbyZ,"this series was my first game I ever play ....this is a good game....i hope they finish the dynasty warriors 9 this year ....my favorite characters is  sunce,lubu,machao,cao pi guan brothers"
,Not Recommended,278080,33149189,Posted: 2 July,all,wvv-KSA-vvw,in control this game is the worse
76561198008704502,Not Recommended,278080,20775370,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Yohan,Crap
,Recommended,278080,28426023,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[MNI] Hyosdace,this  is so good game.. reduce my stress
76561198209492585,Recommended,278080,29830695,Posted: 10 February,all,YT1T,Blast from the past :)
,Recommended,278080,10106302,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,❃Dragons✴Claw❃,"Being a game that was originally created for the PS3, ported to PS4 and then ported to PC, it is obvious that this game will have flaws. I bought this game knowing this, but my purchase was out of hope for the future, hope that KOEI won't port a game, but make a full on dedicated PC game with their next instalment, that is why I bought it for €50.Story:This is based on the book ""Romance of the Three Kingdoms"", when China was undergoing civil war with many warlords battling for fame, power and wealth.The story line follows the main clans that were involved and their legendary Generals. Shu, Wei, Wu, Jin and now Lu Bu storyline.There is a campaign for each clan that involves several major battles to complete; you can also unlock ""hypothetical"" scenarios for each clan. There is a wide cast of characters you can choose to play, but in campaign, you get to choose 1 out of 3 for each mission.Mechanics:You bring 2 weapons with to the battlefield, which could hold different properties and elements to give you an edge over your opponent.You can equip skills to boost certain attributes from resilience to attack to speed and even level up quicker.Musou is now accompanied by the rage bar that unleashes a whole lot of hurt on your enemy.Flurry is like rage, but just more localized and uses elemental types to use (heaven, earth, man)Tons of weapons to choose fromMaps are quite large than the older games and more detailed.Not helping your allies can land you in trouble now thanks to the morale barGame Modes:-Campaign: play the storyline of the clans and their battles-Ambition Mode: fight till you house the Han (basically just fight till your heart’s content and build a village while doing so)-Free mode: need any more explanations?-Challenge: put yourself to test with much variety of fun challenges (I consider this as training mode)-Multi player: non-existent...they lied to us on this part T_TPros:-It's dynasty warriors on the pc-it has all the DLC's and new added content from the PS3 version-Lu Bu daughter is hawt!-AMBITION! Seems to be fleshed out, haven’t played much of this mode but I heard that you can use traps on the battlefield to aid you-Moral has been reintroduced it this instalment series for people who haven’t played DW8 on PS3. The moral also severely weaken yours or the enemies attacking strength which can turn a losing battle into an outrageous victory-Did I mention Lu Bu daughter?-you slaughter 1000s of people per map easily-Ultimate, prepare to cry some moreCons:-I found myself in an infinite loop trying to exit the game, I ended up tabbing out and force closing it.-If you're use to the PS3 controls, Tip: Musou is now accept and jump is back at the same time-a big ♥♥♥♥ you by not having a multiplayer option, and I wanted to slaughter more people with my friends-graphics seems to be subpar, even by PS3 standards in my opinion, I think the PS3 had better quality-just got all characters to lvl 99 last month on my PS3, and now I have to do it gain T_TAll in all, it was what I expected from a ported game, and as I said, I bought it for future hope. If KOEI can learn from BANDAI NAMCO Games with their Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2, then this can become a very good game on PC with better quality, more zeal and larger battles that will force us to take the entire 60 mins allotted time to complete.My rating is 6/10If you buy this game, just note that it has been ported and IT WILL HAVE FLAWSPrivate opinion,CAN'T WAIT FOR THE BIKINI MODS!!! :3 xD"
76561198127189111,Recommended,278080,10112969,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lightfoot GoW,AWESOMMMMMMEEEEE LUBUUUUUUUU!!!!!!
76561198031686655,Recommended,278080,10110420,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,디포르,I want Japanese voice support...
76561198005357441,Recommended,278080,10111466,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SinRopa,"8 Hours in. No lag, no crashes. No issues of any kind. Despite the release day drama everything is working as I expected including achievements.The forum explosion was likely caused by people with old hardware, people stupidly trying to use windows 8 for gaming, and people who read multiplayer and assumed this meant online coop as there is no online mode of any kind.Windows 7 64 bit and happy."
,Recommended,278080,10106537,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Doom Knight,"Finnally a great game makes his debut on steam.Game runs very well at 60 frames at 1920 x 1080, with the settings on max. I was astonished.This is the game that makes the series great again.First of all, its controller compatible, wich is great. And doesnt requires an xbox360 like most of the games nowdays does.Soundtrack is amazing as allways. its bad that we dont have the japanese voices.About the graphics, it looks like the ps3 version. i was hoping for the ps4 visuals.it supports local co-op, and i haven't find yet the online play yet. guess i have to explore more the game, or wait for a new patch. since they call this a multi platform , it would be nice to play with people on the consolesi give it a 9/10. its a very good dynasty warriors game.thank you koei for bringing this master piece to the PC."
76561198125508045,Recommended,278080,10117207,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,poh_zhengkai,jap voice please
76561198195466154,Recommended,278080,30221474,Posted: 27 February,all,Nicky,Recommend!
,Recommended,278080,10586428,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Big Boom Boom,"Best Dynasty Warrior yet, huge cast of character."
76561198040985145,Recommended,278080,11523707,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,FRIEDENBERG69,Button Masher Simulator with Chinese warriors. Lu Bu Is the best character
76561198122012496,Not Recommended,278080,32801360,Posted: 25 June,all,OSHA,"PS3 port, I bought the ps4 version a year ago.. This just break my nostalgic moment :("
76561197976091245,Not Recommended,278080,10102980,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Chompski,"No online multiplayer just local, and a very fidly control scheme using both keyboard and joypad for menus and gameplay. BOOO URNS"
,Not Recommended,278080,31160459,Posted: 15 April,all,Zyklon Buttplug,"Feels really dumbed down compared to 4, 5, and 6. No duels, no bases to capture, no different ways for battles to unfold. A sequel shouldn't feel more primitive than the games that came before it."
,Not Recommended,278080,10109311,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,CAPTAIN COOKED,"No online multiplayer despite it being advertised, PS2 era graphics. Total rip off and a major deal breaker. Will be asking for a refund unless this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,278080,10185889,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Divgar,"Dynasty Warriors 8: Extreme Legends is not a game I recommend purchasing due to the following major reasons:1) Not all keyboard/mouse key bindings can be used2) Mouse is not used at all3) No online multiplayer4) No local multiplayer5) Only available multiplayer uses the one keyboard for both playersDynasty Warriors 8: Extreme Legends is not a game I recommend purchasing due to the following minor reasons:1) Cut scene graphics are console quality2) Game crashes3) Loading screen freezesTo put it simply, Dynasty Warriors 8: Extreme Legends is an extremely poorly implemented console to pc port for pc users wanting to only use the keyboard and mouse.If you desire getting this game, I highly recommend getting it on the console, but if you still desire to get it on the pc, I highly recommend getting a controller.Here is my discussion on the major reasons:http://steamcommunity.com/app/278080/discussions/0/540742485354080472/"
,Recommended,278080,24745871,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥
,Recommended,278080,10105913,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Angry Benson,"Welcome to 2014, and the 1080p 60fps Dynasty Warrior 8 is officially on the PC platform! Why do I have to start this way? Trust me, resolution and frame rate per seconds is the core issue for a lot of gamers nowadays as they approach new titles. The moment you take your very first move in your very first actual round of the game really is the moment of truth of whether the game turns you up or turns you down. We as the PC gamers don’t like the hidden 30fps lock, or anything like that! NO. Let’s NOT talk about  that anymore since it’s not what we have here.Gameplay*** to knock out hundreds and thousands of AI dummies in a single round.***For the new to the series players, this is an action game where you control a single character in 3rd person mode and mash just a couple of buttons (one button can do it too if you prefer -_-!) to knock out hundreds and thousands of AI dummies in a single round. If you are the causal gamer type just looking for some easy fun, this game is really the chosen one for you. Dynasty Warrior 8 really makes me feel like an overpowered monster in the three kingdom battleground, and I love that very much.Graphics and SoundFor graphics it is 1080p 60fps, that’s important. However, the style of art in Dynasty Warrior 8 is not that charming in the first impression, feels kind of dull actually.(When do games ever match their graphics with the store page screenshot actually) But the well-made textures in the environment and the detailed face expressions of the characters really brings a smile. That in fact can prove why we can’t judge a game base on first impression of the graphics.***It’s like watching a Japanese film where a Japanese female screams in her own voice, but suddenly has the American         female voiceover once she starts talking…… WTF. ***The background music is engaging just to the right point, but the voice acting is kind of weird at some point. What I mean weird is that there are TWO voice actors casting ONE character! The voice that the characters make to respond from getting hit for example, do NOT match up with the voice of the characters in the actual talking dialog. It’s like watching a Japanese film where a Japanese female screams in her own voice, but suddenly has the American female voiceover once she starts talking…… WTF. So I go right ahead and check if there is any option to change the dialog sound into Japanese instead of English. Nope there is none, although that would’ve solve the funny issue, but NOPE. The officials said they will have both the Japanese version and Chinese version released and sold separately in the following of this year. If that’s their marketing strategy of trying to mess with the voice acting and get people to maybe buy their Japanese version of the game as well or anything like that, that’s terrible. A terrible thing to do. However, the visual and the audio seems legit for a game like this, could definitely be better of course."
76561198043939691,Not Recommended,278080,12377096,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Aediway,"I was rather disappointed after I got this game.  I wasn't expecting the import from the console version to be so buggy...with the first play through, I had to close the game and restart it after every battle.  Before I even did that, I spent 45 minutes setting up the controls to the controller to be somewhat realistic, which messed up the menu selection buttons.....trying to play with the keyboard the way they had it setup was not even remotely possible.  Honestly, they should of used the mouse input, but they have NO mouse input at all.  Before even doing the controls, setting up the graphics was a pain, instead of being able to select the resolution I wanted and applying, I had to apply every resolution to get the one I wanted, and I only play at 1080p...that takes a while when the game starts at 720p...HOWEVER, if you look past the bugs and craptastic control scheme, and terrible graphics menu management, the game itself isnt that bad.  Though I would not recommend buying this game at full price, only 60%-75% sales would be the only time I would recommend getting this game.  I am a big Dynasty Warriors fan ever since I played the third installment to the series and this one was a huge let down.  Buy the console version over this cheap knockoff import to PC."
76561197992441684,Not Recommended,278080,12368244,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,xxX<DAB~MAN>Xxx,Don't buy this trash. The keyboard controls are completely whack. No mouse support whatsoever. If you buy this expect to buy a $50 controller just to enjoy this garbage.
76561197970515222,Not Recommended,278080,12406370,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,zerilos,Spent over 30 minutes figuring out how to and then actually rebinding my controller. I then played through the tutorial with no issues (the default contoller bindings are horrid). I then quit and loaded it up the next day...AND ALL MY BINDING HAD RETURNED TO THE DEFAULT SETTINGS. Unbelievabily♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,278080,10553329,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Protos Ω,"(Updated Review 21/06/2014)OK, My previous review slammed the port, and it still is a very poor port of Dynasty Warriors. The game is not fully compatible with the Logitech F310 controller with X-Input. You NEED an Xbox 360 controller (which I have never heard). Weirdly enough, the graphics seem to gradually improve over the course of the campaign (this makes no sense).So yeah, my previous review slammed this review, but hopefully future updates fix all the issues."
76561198014271200,Not Recommended,278080,10190370,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,basura,"It's a bad port.Bunch of crashing, took out a boat load of DLC you'd get if you bought the Ps4 version (costumes, etc), also the controls for the controller is unresponsive at times.  You also have to rebind all the buttons for the controller because the default setting is just terrible.Skip on this one."
,Not Recommended,278080,10564279,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Apovlitos,"Complete Edition my♥♥♥♥♥ The game does not include all the DLCs, nor does it inclue languages other than English. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥man"
76561198068778583,Not Recommended,278080,12370914,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sex Kvass HardBass,"junk, MUST HAVE controller, keyboard controls are useless. lazy developers dumping console games into pc market without preparing them for the average user. ♥♥♥♥ you steam."
76561198098538598,Recommended,278080,10105660,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,pkc1986,"Love the DW series, another great  hack and slash game in the series."
,Not Recommended,278080,10105265,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Qu1n,Do not buy this game if you are wanting any kind of online co-op play. Despite it being sold as such there is no online play. false advertising and a crying shame for what would have been a rather solid hack'n'slash.
,Not Recommended,278080,10263316,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Donkey  Shaun Jr.,"I have been a Dynasty Warriors fan ever since college when playing 3. This game is just another continuation of the franchise that was released on PS3/PS4. The PC port is the PS3 version.Honestly, I wanted to really like this game. I wanted to go back to the button mashing fun of the earlier titles which have a wonderful combination of hilarity, cartoon violence and visuals. Sadly, this game just falls short.First and foremost they could not possibly make a more confusing leveling/weapon system. There are so many variables that you tend to just ignore it since it is just so damn confusing. I just want to get in and fight but I feel like I'm working on a spreadsheet 1/2 the time. Having two weapons is cool and all, but the weapons are part of the character and this game really breaks that. Guan Yu does not use a sword he uses Blue Dragon. When playing I rarely remember to switch unless it's an accident and when I did it would just annoy the heck out of me.I also have consistently hated on how the game designers keep trying to make the game more and more realistic. I miss the semi-silly voice acting, and the cartoonish style that made the game FUN. This game has one of the most drab, boring color schemes I have seen in recent memory. Everything is just one color.My other major complaint is the hero worship of Lu Bu. Yes, he is a major character in RotTK, but how many games do we need where he is so ridiculously OP there is no point fighting him. This game was advertised as Lu Bu being the center of the game. Every title in this series since 5 has been like that. It's like the game  designers are just telling you. Hey everyone else sucks ot just play as the ""I win"" guy. There are SO many characters in this story, I don't think we need one game over the top.All in all I'm glad to see it on PC, but I miss the fun factor in this game.4/10"
,Not Recommended,278080,29927066,Posted: 14 February,all,WHITE WALKER,These are hands down the worst ♥♥♥♥ing ports Ive ever seen. Goodluck trying to ever get a controller to work properly with any of these Warriors games.
76561198106626988,Not Recommended,278080,12379786,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,az,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. They didn't even bother including mouse support. They did less than the bare minimum. The keyboard controls are garbage and it doesn't support the xbox 360 wireless conroller. This is ridiculous and lazy.
,Not Recommended,278080,10597001,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BEEEEEES,So terrible...camera is unbearable.
76561197966342572,Not Recommended,278080,29983158,Posted: 17 February,all,AgentCooper44,"This game is broken and a lazy PC port.  Maybe it is great if you own a console.  You can't add any key actions to your mouse, but it is still required for you to look around.  In order for you to move, attack, interact, you require the use of the keyboard.  So unless you like to play with a mouse that serves as nothing but a camera angle selector while using the buttons on the keyboard, don't buy this POS.  It is a lazy port that didn't take into account computer users and their normal equipment."
76561198022280022,Not Recommended,278080,10201086,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Tanken,"Really disappointed in this game. Purchased my first Dynasty Warriors title in years, and thought ""Oh cool! It's a PC version and I won't have to have a controller!"" Nope.No Keyboard + Mouse controls available. Cannot use your mouse whatsoever. Absolutely stupid."
76561198082292351,Not Recommended,278080,33156587,Posted: 2 July,all,Romakh,"Feels like a huge step back from DW6:- worse looking graphics and aesthetic touch- worse combat system- worse storytelling- the campaign system is different, but I preferred the DW6 one.TLDR:Get it only if you're a DW die-hard fan. Otherwise, play DW6, it's much superior."
76561198071721959,Recommended,278080,12320827,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jamie adams,this is so grate!
,Recommended,278080,31042543,Posted: 9 April,all,SusiSukaSusu,I like a dynasty storiea
76561198004577398,Not Recommended,278080,14058963,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Phantom,"Terrible port, very poor controller support.  Lies about the resolutions you can use."
,Recommended,278080,10110072,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,@VictoriaPolice,fun 5/5
76561197989047578,Not Recommended,278080,29908986,Posted: 13 February,all,pillie2005,"This is clearly a (very poor) port of the console version. I really enjoyed the console versions of earlier games but this one feels like a cheap, thoughtless money grab from the developer. Minimum effort given to how it plays on the PC.Don't even attempt this without a controller as the keyboard controls are A) Hideous and B) Not written down anywhere. Expect to spend a goot 15 minutes googling / guessing before you work out how to swing your sword."
,Recommended,278080,10246827,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,DonVonHulio,"Game plays like any other DW game. Tons of characters and weapons. Good time killer.Many people who have gotten used to the PC or have never played a DW game before have noticed there are certain graphical properties not present in this version compared to the PS4. They are moot imo and should not be the deciding factor in buying this game. You buy this game to play Dynasty Warrirors, not brag about the graphics."
,Recommended,278080,10591288,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,YungRiceBowl,Yuan Shao told me not to pursue Lu Bu.I listened.Lu Bu still ripped my butt apart.10/10
76561197988825088,Recommended,278080,11438940,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Whitey,"Cannot even map keys to a mouse, graphics look like a ps2 game....for $50? Absolutely the worst purchase out of the 150 games I have bought through steam. Dead Island is $5 right now and this crap is $50??? You would have to be desperatley bored to play this"
76561198157518335,Not Recommended,278080,34346342,Posted: 19 August,all,lc.z.3589,"it's a good game but often game crash durring play, and then few hours gameplay are gone."
,Recommended,278080,20141429,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ManilaPCGaming,"I seriously wish there was game like this thats based on the anime, BERSERK. Lu Bu is totally like that Berserk guy...This is my go-to game when I get stressed out from playing DARK SOULS."
76561198002513693,Recommended,278080,11008742,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wojo Wojtek,Best Warriors game ever made for PC ! Only bad thing is that is ps4 have better graphic engine
,Recommended,278080,24837277,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Poseidon,Like Skyrim but with massive amounts of asians
,Recommended,278080,10110959,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Sazac,"So let's get this out of the way first: This game is not a very good port. However,it's not the worst, either. The game is very much playable in my experience, though some Windows 8 users have reported issues. If you run that OS, I suggest you look into that in more detail before buying this game.Now, on to the actual gameplay. If you've never heard of Dynasty Warriors before, allow me to give you a rundown: You are a General in ancient China. One of around 80 choices. You are given a sword, axe, spear, one-handed miningun with a bayonet attached, or some other totally-historically accurate weapon for ancient China. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to take to a historic battlefield of the Three Kingdoms Era and hack and slash your way to the enemy commander using a simple system of light and strong attacks.Sound repetivive? That's what most people think. However, like I said, this game has over 80 characters to choose from, with their own unique moveset, as well as special attacks known as Rage attacks, Musou attacks and EX attacks. On top of that, there is 5 different storylines, each with two branches, to go through, as well as an ambition mode, a mode where you lead your own path to conquering China, as well as a Challenge mode and a ""Free Mode"", which allows you to replay Story mode levels with any character, (normally in story mode, you have to choose between a set number of characters who actually participated in the Historic battle) and has several side objects for every single one.Since the game is simplistic at it's core, it's a relaxing journey through one of the most interesting Historical periods I know of.  It's got content to last for months, even years. There's a pretty good reason why Dynasty Warriors has gone up to 8 games in the main series. I highly reccomend any who have not yet tried this game to give it a shot and see for themselves."
76561198014987763,Recommended,278080,10115741,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SummuS,horrible controls for pc
76561198063649926,Recommended,278080,10115923,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Univertruth,"I think it's better, yet still a bit pricy with the quality. I won't say recommand, but still worth to play.Hope the other language pack come out soon.very uncomfortable with full english version."
76561198032508729,Recommended,278080,23806648,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Chii,fun woohoo
,Not Recommended,278080,20443383,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Beyond むげん,"Planning to try this game, I don't recommend you to get it. Why?? Simply due to the fact that you will be stuck at a black screen"
,Not Recommended,278080,13611602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,Dynasty Warriors #24 Is pretty much the same exact game as every single one that came before it with a little tweeking to graphics and interface... its like buying a full priced expansion every year so you can play 4 more characters and start all over again.
76561197970817974,Not Recommended,278080,10107360,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,-CML-TheRedHand,This game doesn't even run for a  lot of people. Check the forums. Wait for it to get at least a little fixed before you toss your $50 in a fire.
,Not Recommended,278080,25610427,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,twentyTWO,"I figured it would be a nice reprieve to play a mindless game like DW.  Turns out it is much more of a hassle than expected.  After trying to get my Xbox One controller to work with the game for about an hour (launching, exiting, reinstalling drivers, looking up guides, installing sketchy dll files) I decided it just wasn't worth the effort anymore.In my case, the controller had the buttons mirrored over both the x and y plane, the right stick was nonresponsive (the camera was in a neverending loop of turning left), and I simply couldn't attack.  The only place where the buttons DID work was in the menus, but again, they were mapped incorrectly, and trying to remap them didn't work at all.I've decided to get a refund, hopefully this review stays up."
,Not Recommended,278080,10106024,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ligerzero459,"I have to give this game a resounding no. I've always been a fan of the series, but this is a bad port. The lack of true hi-res textures and the removal of online co-op were already strikes against it. But decent amount of people, including me, are having trouble loading stages, rendering the game un-playable.Hopefully this is resolved soon but until it is, I cannot recommend spending money on this game."
,Not Recommended,278080,10113977,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Epic Feeder,Game not properly running on many Windows 8 PCs while some of win8 users say it does．
,Not Recommended,278080,12490884,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Xariann,"NOTE: This is from the viewpoint of someone who has played the earlier installments of the game, and assuming you are familiar with them. As there are other reviews on Steam and this is not a full game review on a review web site, I didn't just do what everyone else has done on their reviews already by listing pros and cons. If I wanted to do that, I'd have videos and screenshots. This is the angle of someone who has played this on Console (so don't be fooled by the hours on Steam) and my reactions not only to how it compares with other games, but how I feel the port translated on PC. Please keep that in mind.Not recommended for the price (£39.99 as of this writing), however would say buy on sale. I played an earlier incarnation of this game years ago. I think it was Dynasty 5 or 6, on the PS 2. I played it for hours and hours I loved it so much.When I bought this game I expected to find the same gameplay as the earlier Dynasty but with next gen console graphics and physics.Well, I didn't just get the same gemplay, I got virtually the same graphics, exactly the same physics and even the sounds are the same. If this is coming from someone who has played the game 4 versions earlier so much to remember the sounds, you should get the idea of just how much this game hasn't changed.And the tutorial? Well someone tell me where my ""horse head button"" is on my controller, I don't know. Eventually after pressing all buttons I can figure out which button they want me to press, other than that the tutorials are useless. ""Press the Sword Button to attack."" Really?If that wasn't enough, the resolution is stuck at 720p max. Since my monitor is 1080p, I wanted to run the game in windowed mode, which I can't seem to resize properly, so the window is actually smaller than it would be at 720p.This game was one big frustration after the other. If it goes on sale and want to enjoy the Dynasty gameplay, go ahead an buy it. Otherwise you are wasting money, especially if you have a previous version of this game already."
,Not Recommended,278080,23822429,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,lol fang,"Bought the game but refunded since I can't use controller input. This game won't be enjoyable mashing your keyboard for hours, to bad that koei never really fixed the issue or never will."
,Not Recommended,278080,10114971,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,<WFT>goku6969,great game just needs online coop and it would be EPIC!
,Not Recommended,278080,12393735,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Will.,(This is my first review for a game so might not be the best)DYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition... Where do I start?After playing the XBOX version for alot of previous versions I was over the moon when purchasing this game! I was very upset with the purchase... Don't attempt to play this with just a keyboard unless you enjoy terrible gameplay!Honestly wish I never puchased the PC version. It feels like it should be for the console only.
,Recommended,278080,30685821,Posted: 23 March,all,賢者タイム,Good stuff
,Not Recommended,278080,29901756,Posted: 13 February,all,Willie989,"I had very high hopes for this game. I used to /live/ on the older games on PS2. The port for this, however, is so miserably bad... The controls are simply unbearable, and it doesn't even support my native 1366x resolution."
,Not Recommended,278080,28698764,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brushfire // twitch.tv/nerdyshow,This game has a bizarre bug where you can only rebind a controller without a second-party program is if you unplug all USB devices on your computer. Which is an unnacceptable work-around.
,Not Recommended,278080,13560888,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"DO NOT BUY THIS, it is not complete (200USD DLC sold seperately)No Keyboard and Mouse support (Keyboard only) and for the life of me it seems you cannot rebind keys on keyboard, just controllers.Terrible waste of money, just buy Hyrule Warriors, so much better in Graphics, Control, User Friendlyness and Style."
76561197970890922,Not Recommended,278080,10595697,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kenok,The controls for this are terrible.
76561198027272590,Not Recommended,278080,10277348,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Royalknight,Old graphics that is not good + Controllers wont work properly
76561198063357465,Not Recommended,278080,10248734,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Foolish Commander,"This is possibly one of the worst PC ports I have ever had the displeasure of playing, the control scheme is broken, not to mention it doesnt tell you the controls in the tutorial.  If you do not own a corded gamepad this game is unplayable."
76561198052292988,Recommended,278080,11074916,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kasain,"I was always a Three Kingdoms fan, and later a Dynasty Warrior fan.  I only play on the pc though.  This was the best game on steam sale.  Spent close to $400.  I have not touched any 9ther games.  Maybe repedtuve, but I love n9t only do you get tbe game but also ambition mode.  I hope they release online player option later like console version I hear about!  Maybe sales will be great they will release Orochi warriors for pc."
76561198074604413,Not Recommended,278080,14565282,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ash25793,This game would be good if it worked.Spending hours trying to configure the buttons and it still doesn't work.Please don't release trash like this again it ruins the series.
76561197986715648,Not Recommended,278080,25711385,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,KaossoaK,"The gameplay looks like it might be great, but the controls are terrible for PC. This is a very bad port. All controls are either keyboard or you can program a controller. No mouse use.If you have the console, I would recommend it on the console, but not on Steam."
76561198003942715,Not Recommended,278080,16479786,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,the sand canadian,"Mock my play time, but I know what I like and I immediately didn't like this game.I guess i thought this would be a DMC on crack, it wasn't and I was greatly disappointed. Also, no mouse support so mapping everything to a keyboard is a pain, and I could never get the pause button to work, which means i couldnt check the map to see where an ally officer was when he needed help. Also also, apparently Lu Bu is supposed to be near undefeatable in the first level, but he must have glitched because I defeated him and he never attacked me. The game is simply annoying and not hard at all."
76561198352316445,Recommended,278080,29832054,Posted: 10 February,all,CHICKEN ATTACK,great games!!! haven't play this type of game for a long time....AWESOME!!!
76561198046675266,Recommended,278080,24768274,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Dustin,"You're typical Dynasty Warriors game, beating the living sh*t out of an entire army by yourself while saving your usless team-mates.No mouse controls, and couldn't figure out how to use certain moves on my keyboard.Also couldn't find the button to exit the game so you need to force close it in Processes how wonderful.This repetitive gameplay got boring after completing DW 4 and 5 on PlayStation 2 many, many years ago.6/10"
,Recommended,278080,32159509,Posted: 3 June,all,Xinnit,YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
76561198037779635,Not Recommended,278080,24092046,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Andrahil,The worst Dynasty Warriors y played.
,Recommended,278080,10134300,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"Game owns... THE GAME... IT OWNS.Super relaxing. I just smash people and feel like I am achieving Zen in real life. Perfect for me because stress stinks, this stops stress."
,Not Recommended,278080,30766503,Posted: 26 March,all,Rylo,"The game is good. The PC port however is complete trash, so much so that even controller support is kind of broken. Id play the heck out of it if it worked though."
,Recommended,278080,21977748,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mohsin,Get this already
76561197981867244,Not Recommended,278080,23155688,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"Edit: I will say that this is a better port than some other Japanese titles, like the initial release of Final Fantasy XIII, or Way of the Samurai 4. At least those games had better keyboard support. But this is a very stable release and doens't crash much, and handles resolutions properly. Most of my problems are with DW 8 being a digression from the styIe used to enjoy.Somehow KOEI forgot how to make Dynasty Warriors games. They took out the arcade tournament style character stories, and replaced them with faction stories that only let you pick from a pool of 3 characters. There's no gate control mechanic, no real point in hunting down officers as they only drop lame weapons you'll probably not use instead of stats. Officers aren't tough anymore, not even the force commander.Most of the missions are based around short time limits, so epic length, hard won battles are out, replaced by races to kill the endboss where the challenge is mostly finding out how to open doors. For whatever reason, locked doors are everywhere. Do you kill this gate captain? That gatecaptain down there? These four? Do you go around? Maybe you have to jump on a ledge. Riveting gameplay.They have a free form mode, where you can pick a character and build an army and base, Big Boss stlye. Every officer you beat joins you, for some reason, so you'll have a massive, unnavigable pool of losers to awkardly look through (no mouse support on menus!). Of course they decided to split this game up into an Empires money grab grindfest, so don't expect a map of china. Instead, you get to chose from several 15 minute time limit missions, like it's Dynasty Warriors Online. Rubbish.The faction campaigns are alright, but as I said most of the difficulty and pointfulness to doing anything is gone. You start a mission, rack up 1000 kills, and you're done. No tactics or anything involved; huge letdown as a fan of DW2-4.Keyboard controls are aweful! they could have mapped to WASD and Mouse, but, no. I kid you not, the controls in this game are QWASEDRZXC SPACE JIKL. Do they use computers in Japan at all?This is NOT the dynasty warriors game you're looking for. It's literally cheaper to get the real game (DW4) and a Playstation 2 on Ebay."
76561198109351532,Not Recommended,278080,11427921,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,deathscam,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! DONT EVER DO IT EVER! IF YOU WANT TO PLAY COOP YOU HAVE TO REBIND EVERYTHING ON PLAYER 2, AND IT STILL DOES NOT WORK. CONSOLE PORT TRASH FIX THIE KOEI I WANT A REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198037585126,Not Recommended,278080,11592048,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Fire Walk With Me,The first DW game I ever played was DW3 way back in olden Playstation Two tymes.  Played probably 5 in the interim my last being a 1000/1000 achievements on Warriors Orochi 2.DW8 is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from top to bottom.  I could go into why but the list is too long.  I know how big of a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is in under an hours worth of gameplay.  You can smell a turd and still know it tastes like a turd without eating the whole thing.Avoid.  Please avoid if you want to cherish your old Dynasty Warriors memories when Koei wasn't a pure garbage juice.
,Recommended,278080,30471280,Posted: 12 March,all,Spox,Nice :D
,Not Recommended,278080,15459507,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Domingo en Fuego,"Saw that it looked like a cool graphics story like fighter.  Got a game where you spam buttons on mobs of people who cant attack for♥♥♥♥♥♥  Confusing controls, and the gameplay is confusing, overall a dumb game."
76561198180859377,Recommended,278080,32090959,Posted: 31 May,all,jAn!cE,I NEED JAPANESE VOICEENGLISH VOICEOVER FOR A JAPANESE GAME JUST SOUNDS SOOOO WEIRD!!!! D8<
,Recommended,278080,13190758,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,kaiyouske,"Cuz the minions gonna slash slash slash slash slashAnd I'm just gonna hack hack hack hack hackCuz I'm Lu Bu and he is is is bad @$$So hack em all, hack em all."
,Recommended,278080,11294793,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Casual,"Best buy of summer sale, solid port"
,Not Recommended,278080,30513841,Posted: 14 March,all,CaptainJaws,"Zero. Controller. Support. If you have an xbox controller then just get the damn thing for your xbox, you'll probably fare better. If you don't, then you're probably a PC gamer and there is no foreign controller support. Nvidia stream supported but NOT the nvidia stream controller. This is another sad port."
76561198018347958,Not Recommended,278080,30560826,Posted: 16 March,all,LivingDigital,Doesnt work with xbox360 controller. Pretty much makes the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,278080,32211757,Posted: 5 June,all,AngelBreaker,"I love the Warriors franchise, but what the hell, KT? Why wouldn't you port your console controls? This is an uncontrollable MESS. To the point that it is unplayable; and worse, they decided it didn't need to be patched, but they HAD to patch in paid DLC. That is, frankly, laughably overpriced besides.Guys, seriously, what the hell. I want to recommend this, and I do so for consoles all the time, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ you guys have got to get it together so you can make money is markets that aren't Japan..."
,Recommended,278080,13823743,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Theresa Barkskin,Punched Lu Bu in the face while on a horse.10/10 would pursue Lu Bu again.
,Not Recommended,278080,28764568,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Geischfelt96,"Absolute DisasterYet another failure in a long line of terrible ports to PC by Koei.  What did I expect, though?  Control scheme is mind boggling.  I'd hardly even call it ""partial"" controller support.  I couldn't even pause the game.  I had to ctrl+alt+del to get out of the game.  I could go on but I'm just going to refund and move on with my life.  I wanted so much to love this game."
76561197999223870,Recommended,278080,31122261,Posted: 13 April,all,winipcfg,Good game
,Not Recommended,278080,10371161,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dio Goldengate,!!WARNING!!: THIS GAME DOES NOT HAVE ONLINE MULTIPLAYER!
76561198031653206,Not Recommended,278080,32685552,Posted: 23 June,all,ejames91182,"Can't recommend until they add mouse support, as it might end up being a deal breaker for me as for the rest of the game it's exactly what I wanted and expected from the Dynasty franchise. First paragraph is my lengthy complaint about lack of mouse support, otherwise the rest is an actual review of the game.No support for mouse whatsoever. It makes playing the game very very hard, for some you may be able to get used to using only the keyboard, they use keys like j for the attack and can be remapped to whichever key you want, but for people like me I would just rather have mouse support. Otherwise if you played these games before then this is more of the same (which isn't a negative, just same as expected and what I wanted but with mouse support). If you however have a steam (or any other controller) you can use it to play the game similar to how you would on the console. I'm assuming this is what the developer intended (and assuming it allowed them to be lazy porting it over from console). I'm mean how hard is it to add mouse support, out of the hundred(s) of computer games I've played I haven't found one with out mouse support since late '90's early '00's. Especially if it's more than a side scroller or text based game, even the most basic computer games come with it. Debating whether or not to just get my money back. Trying to positive, I guess it does give me a reason to use the steam controller that bought a while back and pretty much never use (have the steam link too).Now that I got that complaint out of the way the rest of the game  is similar/same as the others in the series, so if you've played one in the past you'll get the same/similar experience here. For those who have never played Dynasty Warriors I would recommend the game however some people complain that it's just a button mashing game, which it can be to a certain extent. As the boss's get harder and/or you adjust the difficulty level up you need to use at least some skill to defeat them.Essentially it's fighting mechanics is simple enough that anybody can jump in and learn it within minutes as it has three attacks and one block. You have a regular attack, strong attack and special attack you can also jump and do some basic attacks from the air. Different weapons allow you to have different attacks so each character has their own uniqueness to a certain point. The most stand out feature is the story telling for each character and I believe this is more of what the game is about."
,Recommended,278080,25341703,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gilvador,Goog Game.
,Not Recommended,278080,23775016,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,brodan100105,"i love this game, but there is one thing, I CANT CHANGE THE CONTROLS, that is my only problem, like the problem is big enough to where i want to get a refund."
,Recommended,278080,26348918,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,gnivrihog,She's hot
76561198067869074,Not Recommended,278080,34246200,Posted: 14 August,all,Xanfu,"This game really has to be played with a controller, and there lies the problem with the game; absolute crap controller support. Seriously, the devs didn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about controller support. Most of the time the game doesn't even recognize my wireless 360 controller and/or it will prioritize the wired playstation controller to player one (no matter what I've done, it will always do this). Also, I've changed the keymapping so many times, I've just given up (YOU CAN'T JUST REMOVE ONE KEYBINDING IF IT'S BOUND TO SOMETHING ELSE. WTF!!??), because most of the time, the keymappings don't save. Woohoo!The game itself is just like all the other Dynasty Warrior games. Nothing new to see here."
,Recommended,278080,10102550,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Hello Friends,"mindless fun, i'm in love all over again, and will be using this for the rest of my youtube playthrough"
76561198391277199,Not Recommended,278080,32942459,Posted: 28 June,all,goulishREV,Unless your good with a keyboard dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,278080,33632295,Posted: 18 July,all,FadmeR,"Don't get me wrong, i absolutely love the gameHowever i don't enjoy spending half of my playtime trying to get a damn controller to work, all for it to stop working a couple of days afterGame's great, PC version is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing bad"
,Not Recommended,278080,31324527,Posted: 23 April,all,Treasure,"the story mode in this version is so dissappointing, dynasty warriors 6 demolishes this game when it comes to story mode, i wish dw6 gets added to steam, i will buy it no matter what the price is.. this game is overpriced for what it actually provides"
,Not Recommended,278080,28829308,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cautious_Klay,"Immediately after opening this 15gb game, I encountered a huge problem. My xbox 360 wireless controller could not be recognized by the game. In this day and age, this is not something you would expect from a big game company."
76561198120181064,Recommended,278080,32750333,Posted: 24 June,all,Carlos,Gr8
76561198178445393,Not Recommended,278080,22589242,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,I AM YOUR DAD,so bad ...this game....
76561198051158479,Not Recommended,278080,32206886,Posted: 5 June,all,Hisoka,"One of the worst PC port ever. I honestly think KOEI has completely lost their mind with this. I thought Dark Souls 1 had the worst PC port  but nope KOEI is setting a new ♥♥♥♥up standard.They can't even make the title menu to function properly. The settings available might as well disappear for all I care, graphic setting is either ""YOU GOT PS3 QUALITY or ♥♥♥♥ALL"" and volume adjustment thats it. You press any button other than what they asked in the start menu and bippity boppity boo you are back the start screen. Really?Characters movement and response is like a brick moving on 4 directional conveyor belt. Why? because team KOEI doesn't care, this is just for a quick buck and milking nostalgic players. It was acceptable in 2003 but this is ""Digital Homicide level of ♥♥♥♥all for all I care"" level in 2014.You can bet I would have refunded this game from the first hour of gameplay if I could. But now I have to live with the shame that I bought a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game from KOEI in my steam account to remind me how game publishers in general just doesn't care anymore."
,Not Recommended,278080,23246043,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sky Daddy,"The controls are garbage and uneditable even though it""Gives you the option to."" the customized versions just don't save. That and the supposed local co-op/online multiplayer absolutely don't work. I bought this for myself and a friend, now I am waiting for the refunds. Don't bother wasting your time or money on this."
,Not Recommended,278080,28721237,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,YaBu,Why it doesn't have Chinese Version....?
76561198002235078,Not Recommended,278080,32732395,Posted: 24 June,all,Crazyman64335™,Even with a controller the game just feels SO BAD.Who thought it was a good idea to use the triggers to control the camera? From my limited experience it's impossible to rebind the keys and the game in general feels like a very poor port. I loved Dynasty Warriors growing up but this doesn't feel like those older games at all due to the controls being just so bad.I'd recommend to stay away even with a controller.
,Not Recommended,278080,32760121,Posted: 25 June,all,Magus`,"Avoid. I don't know how, but they managed to screw up gamepad support..."
,Not Recommended,278080,10104849,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Chakalatte,"Missleading ""multiplayer"" steam label + no actual windows controller support (no icons) = crap.. main reason people ""buy"" pc games would be for the multiplayer, 50 bucks wasted... :\"
76561198130117712,Recommended,278080,32107818,Posted: 1 June,all,Mountbatten,People voted down this review! YEAHH!!!
,Not Recommended,278080,14037274,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Duckroll,Worst purchase I ever made
76561198007036788,Not Recommended,278080,10106406,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,MasterTemplar,Absolutely horrible controls. Do not get it!
,Not Recommended,278080,10105135,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Spyro the Dragon,unplayable buggy at the moment (13/05/2014) I'd hold out till a patch is released.
,Not Recommended,278080,25775290,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tom Aito,"A series of terrible updates and and non-support have made this game literally unplayable. Seriously, the game won't even open at this point. I'm on Windows 10, using an i7, with a 980ti, and an XBone controller- it won't even ♥♥♥♥ing open. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198312901196,Not Recommended,278080,28818852,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reold,not so well
76561197962074613,Not Recommended,278080,29833191,Posted: 10 February,all,n00bish,I have loved the games in the past on the PS2 but with no mouse support and i cannot get my controller to work this is basicly unplayable.
76561198078305644,Not Recommended,278080,29815479,Posted: 9 February,all,Zombarts,Had to fix the game myself just to find out I can't use the mouse. I'm getting my money back.
,Not Recommended,278080,10103370,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Riffy,"Don't throw money away on this game. The lack of multiplayer just ruins it, now I say multiplayer because that's what it seems the publisher wanted to call it to get you to waste money on it. The online part of this game is completely gone, the only multiplayer in this game is couch. My bigger issue is that steam has tags for the publisher to use for both local and online multiplayer/coop and the publisher didn't feel like using them and steam again doesn't care what they tag.As much as I wanted this game to be good it isn't the parts removed were the biggest thing for me because this game just loses it's magic when I am sitting here playing solo. Maybe better for little kids but adults don't get to just sit down all together a lot to play a game during the week, online we can. So just don't waste the money or wait for a sale to come, other then that just avoid the damn game. Also it doesn't work correctly on windows 8, go check the forums it's a fun time right now.If this is the sign of things to come then I hope they don't make anything else or at least have a halfwit lable the thing correctly."
,Not Recommended,278080,25674347,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Creepy K,"Woooow! First of all shame on you KOEI TECMO! This is NOTHING compare to DW3 or even 4. Hell I rather play 5! Now I started late in the game when my buddies got me to play DW3 on PS2. FELL IN LOVE WITH THE GAME! Best one in my view. Now my PS3 died on me (could play PS1-3) so I had to download pcsx2 and I went out to a disc reply and bought DW4 since I couldn't find 3. Love playing it and hey the controls work how they are suppose to! Oh yeah guess what? The game is a whole, I dont have to waste more money for dlc that should already come with the game! Yeah you just have to play and unlock it all! Todays gamers are a waste, want everything handed to them and these game devs love it! They make the game way too easy and add WAY too much ""dlc"". This game looks awesome but the game play sucks. The controls are a damn mess and they are never gonna fix it! I tried to get a refund but I had the game too long so I guess I'm goin to make due and play it... As for the rest of you I say go out buy DW3 or 4 and download the pcsx2 and play that! It would only cost ya like 5 bucks! If you really wanna play this I say play it on PS4."
,Recommended,278080,14045513,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Ralen Stargrazer,"I've been playing Dynasty Warrior titles since Dynasty Warriors 2. I can without a doubt say this is the BEST game out of the entire series thus far. The story has improved. The voice overs have improved. The gameplay and environments have improved. The variety in weapons and customization has improved. There is little I don't like about this game. My only criticisms would be not having the PS4 textures available as a separate download to improve the visuals and the fact that the ""complete edition"" is lacking a bunch of DLC that you have to pay for. Granted, none of the DLC is actually required, but makes you wonder if Omega Force/Koei really considered what ""complete"" actually means...Regardless, the amount of content that is in the game is absolutely insane. Just in story mode alone, doing the historical as well as the hypothetical routes, you'll easily spend hours upon hours achieving everything. The game easily has 100+ hours of content and there are so many difficulties, modes, and options that there is something for everybody. Do you enjoy a hack and slash were you can massacre thousands? Do you enjoy objective/strategy gameplay where you have to react to the battle as its unfolding? Do you enjoy having a large catalog of fighters to choose from with their own weapons, styles, and abilities? Dynasty Warriors has come a long way from its simple beginnings, and it only seems to be getting better with age.I highly recommend this title to anyone who has either played one in the franchise previously or is a newcomer to the series. Get it while it's on sale! $25 dollars for this amount of content is unheard of and very few games provide that kind of experience!"
76561198043471283,Not Recommended,278080,23876599,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jiktin,"The end is ""pre-written""  dose not matter how har you fight, if you fight with a champion that is supose to loose, you will loose....then you can spend a♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of monney on outfits, that can NOT be used in story mode... so acording to me, useless."
76561198107493071,Not Recommended,278080,23190487,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,michael_ma369,"graphics is horrible, if you like slashing and slashing. every level is basically the same. you ride a horse and slash grass."
,Not Recommended,278080,25647828,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,K.,Utter rubbish. The resolution is always stuck at 800x600 or 1024x768 no matter where i change the resolution in game or from the laucher's configuration.
,Not Recommended,278080,30074224,Posted: 20 February,all,Honest,"hello,this game cant use joystick?"
76561198051364249,Not Recommended,278080,31430974,Posted: 28 April,all,byronthemaster,"Hello Can anyone give advise on how to fix the Saving, Everytime i try to save it freezes. Can this bug be fixed?"
76561198296332527,Not Recommended,278080,32732954,Posted: 24 June,all,☭,please make this game just like PS4 pro grafic
76561198007130047,Not Recommended,278080,29875116,Posted: 12 February,all,gray skull,it feels like a cheap port as its not even got the full translationt for all the options in the menues also if youf you if you geting it to rememba the old time it still looks the same only suports low resalutions and if you have a big monitor like me then no 21/9 it looks like it was made for the x box 360 and also it feels broken iy you playing with a pad
76561198145451040,Not Recommended,278080,32506828,Posted: 17 June,all,GinShadow,the game is good but the IA is stupid
,Not Recommended,278080,29380215,Posted: 20 January,all,GreenBeetle,"I used to love this franchise on PS2 but this game is absolute trash. So many game modes and none of them are appealing at all, that 3 point system is just bizarre and doesn't feel well planned, the game instructions are unclear, so many weapons to choose but they don't feel very different from each other, the controls and camera are bad, the stages are too long, boring and even when it looks that you're just beating everyone you might take a fatal blow out of nowhere with full HP and waste all the time you took untill reach almost 1k KOs, the port from the console isn't optimized (bad resolution and FPS locked)... This game is atrocious. Better stick to the PS2 installments..."
,Not Recommended,278080,32665833,Posted: 22 June,all,Bubonic,Keyboard or Gamepad controls only. No mouse functionallity at all. No thanks.
76561198025831119,Not Recommended,278080,29468912,Posted: 24 January,all,rcostine,"Not made for PC. Can't use your mouse and even the tutorial is taught as if you are using a controller. I love this franchise and played it as a kid. This version, I imagine would be great, but just isn't the same on PC."
76561198039122653,Not Recommended,278080,28090874,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dzy,"Game is fun (same as every other DW of course) but completely broken. Played ONE story mission, went to continue the next time I loaded it up and the game crashed EVERY time. Can't trust the game now - REFUNDED."
,Not Recommended,278080,33887161,Posted: 29 July,all,Dysoth,.
,Recommended,278080,29570358,Posted: 29 January,all,SEND EM 2 THA ESSENCE,weeb game but i can fap to it coz the girls arent cartoons
76561198194711709,Not Recommended,278080,25469053,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,NovaMasamune,Where is cloud save?
,Not Recommended,278080,29809552,Posted: 9 February,all,MegaGame,dont like the camara
76561198255149084,Not Recommended,278080,27952165,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WEAK LION,اشين لعبة
76561198024734927,Not Recommended,278080,18850665,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Narcotic Popcorn,"Why did I buy this? I've played a lot of dynasty/samurai warriors games, and I'm of the strong opinion that the first 1 or 2 samurai warriors games are the only ones with compelling branching storylines and interesting events that don't just feel like strategy-lacking grinding button mashing. Less rewarding than wasting the same amount of time on a free mmorpg."
76561198078927186,Recommended,278080,19119586,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,stzephyr,But I want original Japanese voice over. It's hard to understand the awkward translation...
,Recommended,278080,11089585,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Epidermis,"Nothing is better than 90's guitar solos and slaughtering thousands of Chinese peasants, it's a real American dream"
,Recommended,278080,19328063,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Krakkip,Have you ever want to feel like a badass slicing and dicing hordes of chinese guys up? GITTIT NOWAlso theres a guy named dong who can kick people in dong.
,Recommended,278080,19358010,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,D4C,"Gameplay is awesome. No lag. If you has a low budget laptop or computor trust me it'll work on it. Lot's of characters ,and the female character... muy excellento my senor!"
76561198130702731,Recommended,278080,19425700,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,恢复手感中,"SUPER FAN of this game. I played Dynasty warrior 3 on Xbox when I was young and it's my childhood. This game never lets me down, and also it has the ambition mode that let u to build ur own force. The story mode has real history line and imaginary line. Although the real history line is not exactly the story according to either Romantic of Three Kingdoms or Records of the ThreeKingdoms, (like I have never known who is Qiling Lv,) it still facinates me so much. 10 of 10!!If you are totally not interested in the history of that three kindoms, maybe u will feel a little bit boring though."
,Recommended,278080,19408887,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PenguinLesMe@μ’sic Forever,"It's best game I have ever play DW9! Well, it is my first time that I play DW on pc. I usually played DW on psp. Now my psp is not with me so I cannot play DW anymore. I think I used to play DW vol 2 mostly? (My previous game was DW vol 2! Oh my, that's very old game but I like it!) :))))) I couldn't find DW3 and above for psp from online!I recommend you to download this game to play if you are looking for something more powerful characters with many enemies to kill! Then play this game! You can also choose any weapons you want to use on a character, choose skills to use and choose officers to be with!This is really awesome!"
,Not Recommended,278080,19275724,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Infern,"Okay this review is going to be based upon my experiences with this game.I have this on PC, Xbox360 and PS Vita so it maybe slightly biased.Found out this game was ported over from other consoles onto the PC. In doing so people have had problems with being able to play it. This was a USB Issue causing the game to crash for no apparent reason. The gameplay isn't as appealing on the PC too.Whereas if you play this game on the PS Vita you will enjoy this game alot more as it is designed to be played in short sessions.The main campaign is based upon the ""Romance of the Three Kingdoms"" +1 Kingdom known as Jin.If you have played all the other Dynasty warrior games you know who wins.The things that make this game amazing though... The Voice Acting (It's mediocre at best, but it is so repetitive it's fun as hell).The mindless hack and slashing of thousands of enemies on a battlefield that respond to the situation. Still though the graphics is are less than desired.Unlike Free Mode of the other games. This game has this ""ambition mode"" which is like a diamond in the rough.Short sessions of killing a few enemies building up your town giving you access to more weapons, items and buffs.It gets extremely repetitive which is why this game is perfect on a handheld device (not on a PC).Once you complete your building of the palace the game opens up to where you are finally in charge of your officers on the battlefield and where the strategy of war comes in to play. This is also short sessions of 10 minutes and gets repetitive.The storymode is the only part of the game that cannot be played in short sessions as there are certain objectives that you have to follow. With this story you travel through the whole timeline of all the 4 factions. Major characters dying from Arrows, sickness or old age. Meaning you have to play other characters that you may be unconfortable with.Attack styles aren't tied to the characters, they are tied to their weapons which makes the game slightly easier to play with.In the end this game can not be recommended on PC. So either buy it on a handheld console or not at all."
,Recommended,278080,19466745,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DooM Guy,"If you've played a Dynasty Warriors game since Dynasty Warriors 2, you'll know what the gameplay is like. The game is a bit over-the-top, but that's what I've come to expect from Dynasty Warriors games.Controller support is decent, but there are a number of mappings that aren't displayed, so you just kind of have to press buttons on different menus and such in order to figure out the undocumented stuff. It's kind of an annoyance, but one I can live with to finally play Dynasty Warriors on PC."
,Recommended,278080,19505691,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jupac,A benevolent game.
76561198067033980,Recommended,278080,19384175,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Rodien,Not bad for a port.Best played with controller... Just remember that B = A.
76561198151795401,Recommended,278080,19495994,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,vaNilla,Fun game!!
,Recommended,278080,19511641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hatsoon Michael,pros:zhou taizhou tai's strong attack 3cons:???
,Recommended,278080,19396684,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Meijin Kawaguchi,"Another installment of the Dynasty Warriors series.Given what one would expect from these games, it's pretty decent. The more glaring downside is that this is a PS3 port, which features rather aged graphics.Would rate it 7/10, probably 8 if it was a PC or current-gen version."
76561198016105570,Recommended,278080,13483834,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Covfefe Con Leche,Yo dis game is da bes
,Recommended,278080,13486523,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Froz,"Dynasty Warriors is martial arts epic in video game form: you take control of a single character, charge into an army, and defeat enemies by the dozens. There's not much to it mechanically. For the most part you can get away with button mashing and still look awesome doing it. Probably not your thing if you're looking for a mechanically complex action game to challenge you, but just for the mindless fun of carving a path through a sea of opponents with any of several dozen anime-inspired weapon styles? Totally worth it.If you've played past installments, you know what to expect here. It's more of the same, but in terms of the sheer amount of content, as long as you're willing to keep mashing on that controller, the game will keep throwing content at you. Hundreds of stages, dozens of characters and weapons to build up. Expect to get a hundred hours out of it or more, as long as you don't get tired of the gameplay.Runs fine on a five year old midrange computer. It has some graphics options to adjust; I turned shadows off to ensure high fps in crowded scenes and have never experienced a noticable dip in framerate no matter how crowded the action gets.DLC's mostly fluff.  Some of them add what seems to be a significant amount of content, but the base game has everything it needs to keep you occupied until the next installment comes out. The ""Complete Edition"" in the title refers to the base Dynasty Warriors game plus the Xtreme Legends expansion. It's more content than you're likely to bother with, so don't worry about the DLC.Downside for you coop players, the PC version apparently features local coop only. I can't speak from experience, but I haven't seen anyone say anything good about it, unfortunately.Other than that, absolutely recommended if you catch it on sale."
76561198156372597,Recommended,278080,16997777,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,BegoneThot,Its a great game with a nice fighting system and good story. only suggestion would be adding some sort of online battle.Players could select a general and go 1 vs 23 in a battle royale! That would be a very interesting way to improve the game
76561198156167021,Recommended,278080,17087575,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,taylersommerfeld,"First ever written review here see how it goes. This game to me is just amazing. It includes everything from the prior games that i have loved since i was 10 now 20. But besides nostalgia this series has made leaps and bounds. A very thorough story mode with additional side quests make it much more compellling to unluck such things. Ambition mode has me floored. I cant really say enough about it so ill just keep it simplce and say that you wont run out of things to gain anytime soon. Everybody says its just button smash but this game has changed that, its an RPG, with seeminly limitless possibilities as for weapons, officers, skills etc. Any day of the week this game is worth the price you pay for it. Dlc or not it doesnt really matter you will get hours upon hours of gameplay and still not have everything you could obtain. I never throw this phrase around because its become commonplace but this as of right now is my favorite video game of all time. Have nearly 90 hours now and still im not close to having everything. I dont find it repedetive because have a love for this series but i dont see how anybody could when the limitless options included within.  If you are iffy on this game i would say give it a chance over any other game on the market. The only downsides are that there is no online play but that doesnt really matter considering what type of game it is. I recommend you have a controller of some sort to play you just have to redefine the controls for whatever suits you. But for the first 45 hours i played wihtout a controller and still found it enjoyable.  I dont see myself not playing this game in the for seeable future and i hope this review will persuade someone to give this a chance to discover what ive lover for half my life."
76561198178508883,Recommended,278080,17304287,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Facetitious,"This game is a wonderful time sink. I last played this series when it was Dynasty Warriors 4 and this game tops that for me. There are more playable characters and more scenarios to enjoy.The difficulty jump is annoyingly difficult. I played through most of the campaigns and the cut scenes and background music are just well done.I just wish to god that the next one had co-op not local. My friend and I could spend hours tactically doing harder modes in this if it were possible.The controls are odd. I use the controller, but still need the keyboard. It is bearable, but could be more clear. I'd rate it 3.5/5 just because it can be better, but for a hack n slash I enjoy it."
76561198043515287,Recommended,278080,16581401,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lil Juzu Vert,My impressions so far: Highly addictive massacre simulator.Lu Bu/10
76561198046291087,Recommended,278080,16592824,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Stevenzwei,"i can sit here and smash my way through an entire army alone for hours, fun game if you enjoy hack and slash"
,Not Recommended,278080,16728779,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,KeV-KiLd,"Another terrible port. Missing  better graphics and multiplayer from the PS4 version. Worse yet, the controls are not PC friendly. Either you have a controller or you're screwded. Also, the DLC is there to milk your $$$. Metal Gear Rising is a better Hack-n-slash...For them haters:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pD0S2ux6go"
,Recommended,278080,14235631,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,"You knock peasants 20 feet into the air with giant oversized impractical weapons! I guess that's all Dynasty Warriors games, though? Being a PC gamer, this was my first entry into the series; I don't know that I would buy/enjoy this if I had played the previous ones. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port to be sure."
76561198042813828,Not Recommended,278080,16730288,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,qatari4444,"Broken, Unplayable.such a dissapointment because i grew up with dw and to watch it in this state is just sad.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pD0S2ux6goTotalbiscuit will explain it all in his vid."
,Not Recommended,278080,16772246,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,that shiny mudkip,"I grew up with the Dynasty Warriors series and I think the series is fantastic but this console port is very poorly optimized for the PC. There is a great amount of content but navigating menus using a controller was counter intuitive with the ""A"" button being the back command and the ""B"" button being the confirm command (This is a console port why doesn't the controller work well???). Most cutscenes were capped at a headache inducing 30 fps and some are 60 fps but there was one that was capped at 20 which confused me. Sometimes the objective was unclear and confusing. The graphics were really nothing special either which surprised me, I believe the console version even looks better than this.The gameplay is there, it's just not ported well"
,Recommended,278080,16666493,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Beast Boy,"I used to play this game a lot in my childhood.It's the ultimate hack and slash game. Great gameplay, just really fun all around.So many characters to choose from."
,Recommended,278080,16718999,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Screwdriver,Brainless button smasher.Ehh it was fun while it lasted i enjoyed it.
76561198105373215,Not Recommended,278080,16766970,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,nayefshops,♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics that doesn't support 2560x1440. no support for controllers. feels like a game from PS2
76561197991438219,Recommended,278080,17436982,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,RazrFuryGamer153,"One of my most favourite games of all times, and great to have it on my PC. Was always wishing for this game and Dynasty Warriors 8 : Empires to come on PC. I thank koei for establishing this game and Empires on PC."
,Recommended,278080,17392892,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[LsT] Pest,Armies fall to my feet as I rampage through them...Heroes rise to the challenge only to be subjugated by me...My own allies tremble in awe and admiration of my strength...And yet... That pink panda always screws me over with a slight cuddly nudge...2op4me
,Recommended,278080,18750797,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,▣RunSl4yer▣,Its so great desu !
,Recommended,278080,18318443,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Captain Planet,"Worth every penny. To play through the Lu Bu saga, and see him cry out to his daughter to run... Even a psychotic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has a heart.10/10."
76561198030783094,Recommended,278080,18249986,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jclee4843,It's a great game with a lot of contents.
76561198068197179,Recommended,278080,17837952,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,TeeArctic1,"Starting off, I just want to say that this is a great game. By all means one of the best installments in the series. I played through all the campaigns, got all the hypothetical routes, got great gear for every character and leveled a few of them to the max. I also nearly completed ambition mode. The music is fantastic, making you feel pumped for every fight. No matter what you have to do.Truly one of my favourite games.Until today, that is...I opened my game today and decided I'd play a bit of free mode. Oddly enough, this was the first time I'd bothered to play free mode, as I just hadn't felt like doing it in the past. I enter the menu and there are only the first stages from every campaign avaliable. Strange, I think to myself. I don't mind it, though. I thought it might just be a feature. Then I choose my character. I like playing as Li Dian or Zhao Yun, but I decide to play Lu Xun as I think he fits the mission the most.Now is when I notice things are wrong. I pick Lu Xun and to my surprise, he is level 1. He has none of the previous weapons I had before, and every other weapon is gone, as well. Now, I know for a fact that I had all those weapons and that Lu Xun was one of my more trained characters.I decide to shove away the bad feeling I have in my gut as the game is still enjoyable. I try to fight, but I still can't help thinking something isn't right.I quit the battle halfway through to check on my ambition mode progress. And what do I meet? A character selection screen. Everybody is level 1, and completely without weapons. I check story mode. Nothing except the starting stages are avaliable anywhere.I'VE LOST ALL PROGRESS. 95 FRIGGING HOURS OF PROGRESS. STRAIGHT DOWN THE TOILET.It is by far one of the most frustrating things that have ever happened to me in a game. I have no idea why all my progress deleted itself. I didn't touch anything. I didn't tell it to delete it or anything. It just did. And for that reason, it's likely going to be some time before I play it again.Let me say it again, though. I love this game. I absolutely adore it. The gameplay is amazing, the story is good and the music is just awesome. I reccomend you all play it, although you should be aware that what happened to me, could happen to you as well."
76561198079141058,Recommended,278080,13587972,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,d3ms2m,"Dynasty Warriors is back with another great game.  Different objectives, Charctors and weapon choices allow you to cusomize your fighter to your hearts content."
,Not Recommended,278080,13556590,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,A Very Cute Cow,"As much as I love Dynasty Warriors, I was instantly disappointed by this. I expected more from both an Xtreme Legends version AND a ""Complete"" version. There's DLC rivaling Train Simulator, a lack of Wholeness for what some might consider just a DLC of DW8, and a pricetag that's... well, a bit much. If you bought this on sale for 66% or more, you'll probably get your money's worth, but the Empires versions might be the only good ones left... but they're Console exclusive."
76561198059293101,Not Recommended,278080,13558498,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DarkInferno,"Game looks very fun, but i get a infinite loading screen and i been reading on it. Parpently alot of people get it. The game is broken and i want my money back"
,Recommended,278080,13508109,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FallenSi,THERE'S TOO MUCH CONTENT . Can't wait for DW 8 Empire tho.
,Recommended,278080,13577566,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"First Impressions:Firstly, it's important to stress that I've never played a Dynasty Warriors game before.  With that said, the game initially rubbed me the wrong way with no mouse support and the clunky way you are forced to adjust the screen resolution (right to change resolution, accept, right to change resolution, accept, etc.).  Once I got past that, I jumped into Ambition Mode and began learning how to play.  I liked the idea of mixing base building and skirmishes, as it gave me a reason to keep playing.  You can also level up your characters, earn gold, and buy new weapons.  Seeing as how there are about 80-100 playable officers, you'll get a lot of playtime out of this.  Combat seemed fluid enough and while I often didn't know what I was doing, I was able to pull off combos accidentally anyway.  Newbies to the game will be pleased to know that the learning curve in understanding the basics is pretty light.  All in all, worth the $17 I paid and more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1_z8GoMogk"
,Recommended,278080,13579516,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RyanWGaming,Really Fun but some general are annoying. Lu Bu OP
,Recommended,278080,14631943,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,FreeFromTempo,Good game.
,Recommended,278080,13867597,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Char Ass Nipple [dRgN],"I love the Warriors games! This one is no Xception! I love it when games are on the PC so I don't have to actually buy a console :P But this game is AWESOME! Love the new characters. If you love Dynasty Warriors game then you will love this by default! If you like Hack and Slash kill hundreds of little soldiers type games then this is a game for you! And now you can customize the Star weapons to exactly to your liking! :D Only complaint I have is I can't import my 360 save data (since I had all story modes completed which Hypotethical Stars completed :[ Now I just need Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Samurai Warriors, Warriors Orochi, Dynasty Warriors Gundam, Hyrule Warriors [I can dream OKAY!] and an English Nobunaga's Ambition. [I think Console Exclusives should only be tied to consoles and should always be ported to PC .... BECAUSE I SPEND ENOUGH ON MY PC TO BUY A CONSOLE! .... end non-review rant]"
,Recommended,278080,13861108,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ChiiStrike,"Ah....Lu Bu always being the most overpowered character in the game.Good times....good times....Anyway this is your typical Dynasty Warriors game, but for computer.  Slash a bunch of enemies (more like thousands) with a bit of story involved which I believe is based on true history to an extent.Pros:+Around 80 or more playable characters+Hack and Slash+Engaging special effects+Multiple game modes+Romance of the 3 Kingdoms+Graphics are surprisingly well+Bodyguards are backCons:-DLC is crazy expensive and not added-The story is shorter than anticipated because I've been playing DW since DW4 and a lot more could have been added.  There are holes within the story because they have some battles added in one game then taken out in the next.  I guess they wanted to ""clean up"" the story by organizing battles to certain stories between the factions. (Wei, Shu, Wu, Jin)-Disappointed that there is excluded content which should be here and given preference to console (PS)-Why is empires still separated? it's practically the same methods, but a different game mode.The controls for the keyboard is a bit odd, but it doesn't really bother me that much.Even though the game has its negatives I still love the game and glad I bought it."
76561198128769919,Recommended,278080,13902521,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,utopianpuddle,If you want to play a game that you just want to hack through loads of enemies. Then this is the game for you.
76561198001980368,Recommended,278080,13861035,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Really man?,♥♥♥♥ do i ever love this game
76561198012272411,Recommended,278080,13874664,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,sadads,"Its what you expect of Dynasty Warriors: Lots of Hack and Slash and Grinding to gain achievements, complete objectives etc. I think the last Dynasty Warriors game I played was 5: so the changes to this one are definitely improvements. In particular, the ability to change weapons and styles on all the characters adds a layer of depth to the complexity of the game (at the same time removing one of the challenges, in leveling up characters with their own weapon speciality). The Ambition campaign, which is the Sandbox campaign to complement the larger story mode, is interesting, though lacks in diversity of gameplay and requires some rather long hours (10-20) to get to the stage where it becomes more interesting and challenging. Not as good as it could be, but definitely a good example of the tried and true."
76561198129256457,Recommended,278080,13833717,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,UnknownXBlue csgolive.com,so worth getting.
76561198010765807,Recommended,278080,13834753,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Hexile,"Good port, controls for a keyboard are actually pretty good. The same wonderful gameplay that you would expect from the series. If you ever wanted to shift the tide of a huge battle with just the sheer awesome power of your kung fu, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,278080,13836123,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wild,It's dynasty warriors... ON PC!
76561198085758778,Recommended,278080,14447657,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lucis,so good nad keep the good work
,Recommended,278080,14432018,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dango,Complete Edition more like WOW I was not expecting that much DLC
76561198097449014,Recommended,278080,14513105,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,ninnelives,I love this game but i made a mistake in  buying it i do have windows seven laptop but my char moves in slow motion I don't think my compy can support it
,Recommended,278080,14484819,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sapphire Crook,"Do you have Strength, Benevalance or Talent? Do you wish to crush Imbecils? Do you believe in Strategy?Then DW8:XLCE is the game for you! Hack and slash your way through goons and engage in combat with their commanders. While the goons are rarely more than a nuicance (except archers and siege weapons), their commanders can be quite the pickle! But nothing more exciting than a duel amidst mixed forces, right?Seriously, it's a good game. Use the Japanese Voices if you like serious, sad stories, and the English Voices if you're a fan of Ham. Oh my, the Ham. I LOVE the ham provided by the English VAs. It's the best.From Sima Zhao's popped collar to Cao Cao's eyebrow, each of them will grow on you, and you'll learn to love and hate certain weapons. It's just a good game.It's fun. It can challenge you if you want, but beware that it will demand you to babysit if you go on higher difficulties. Otherwise it's just fun.SO.MUCH.FUN! :D"
76561198009432300,Recommended,278080,14657870,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"Same game as DW2-5. 6 was different and sucked, didn't play 7 at all.I have to say, they keep adding new stuff I like and dislike. Selling weapons and training officers could be a LOT more streamlined, but I think if those are my biggest gripes, it's a good game. Not having to jump through hoops to unlock my favorite characters was nice. Hidden extra moves was a neat bonus.The PC version seems to have more versatility and general ""stuff"" than the console versions, so if you have the chance, get the PC version. Note though that the requirements for getting weapons and such are different on the PC than the console. Also with the PC edition you can start with an extra OP version of Red Hare, which is a bit ridiculous.In spite of it not really being different than the rest of the series, I'm still a fan and am still gonna call this one a winner, maybe the best iteration of Dynasty Warriors yet."
,Recommended,278080,21095994,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Diggly Cerides,"Pretty standard Dynasty Warriors. I played with a controller, so I can't speak to the comfort of a mouse and keyboard. Seemed to be a pretty decent port, I had no real issues.However, there is NO online co-op, which is a huge dissapointment."
76561198062839094,Not Recommended,278080,21089788,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TheHeadsman,"While I've always been a fan of the series this is a bit disappointing.I haven't played a new one since 6 Empires so I like that they went back to the combo/charge attack sort of feel instead of the endless button spamming, but what I didn't realize from the store page is that you really need a controller to enjoy this game. It's basically a port to PC which is a shame; by default you need to use TFGH to control the camera. The tutorial also doesn't help since it says essentially ""Push the block button to block."" Thanks. Let me just mash my keyboard and hope for the best.Also, once you're in a battle, F1 becomes the escape function...and don't go into the controls menu because no buttons work. It's like the game doesn't want to be played."
,Recommended,278080,11918377,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sniper Wife,I have been playing these games since the 3rd game and theyhave yet to disappoint me. If you are looking for a game with an interesting story this may be worth the buy.
,Recommended,278080,20942978,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ウィリアム,"I've always been a fan of the DW franchise and my last previous buy before this one was DW4. There have been some major differences but I would say they're almost all for the better.One thing, you NEED a controller with this game to truly enjoy it. I love my keyboard more than any control but this game it is necessary to have a controller.Also, Lu Bu is still OP."
,Recommended,278080,21012947,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rajnovich,"Best Dynasty Warriors game I've played. There's tons of replay value in my opinion, though I will admit the combat can get repetitive, but I like that, some don't. If you like other games in the series and want one for PC then this is the game for you."
76561198139453344,Recommended,278080,20807073,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,KritterIsBack,"Very good and fun game, I myself don't care a lot about the story mode but I adore the ambition mode. But I don't recommend this on a keyboard though."
,Recommended,278080,20992768,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Zuru,Good game
76561198189107229,Recommended,278080,21149063,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,dota tuu so fucking fun,nice game
,Not Recommended,278080,21157459,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,King Enoshima,"It's.... okay but not in the sense of playing it on a PC. Needs much better controller support though, otherwise this isn't really worth it on the computer.If you want to play this to its fullest I recommend the console version. I've mapped the controls as they are and it is still a nightmare.5/10"
,Recommended,278080,21180401,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Nada,"First off,  I used to be huge DW fan back in the day (Dw2/3 I think). So I got this game. In my opinion game is well made but in a sense that it feels similiar to old ones, yet still interesting and fresh.This game has tons of content and is mainly a slash and bash game.  Keybinds are really messy if you try to play on keyboard without rebinding them. I am not a big fan of singleplayer games but this game keeps me going for hours at a time. Amount of combos and chains you can do adds a lot of diversity to the game, not to mention all the characters that you can play.Few cons I find with this game: No multiplayer (online, you can set up local co-op though), amount of dlc (Game is supposed to be ''complete edition'') and it doesn't tell you how to unlock new animals (E.g. Elephants), it might be pro for some, but personally I don't like it.Overall this game is a solid pack of slashing and fun for hours. Should you get it? Really depends on your own budget, it's often on sale, so save your money if you can hold on to it. In my opinion game fits well to the people who have played DW before, but why not to the new comers as well."
76561197967362954,Recommended,278080,21131232,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Kenimaru,"Well, it's a DW game all right, if you are looking for DW game then this is the one to get.  If you are looking for an awesome action game, go play Metal Gear Rising instead."
,Recommended,278080,21139931,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Enkazadas The Conquistador,Chinese Genoicde Simulator 2k15Now with 100% more Strangely Written Female Names!
,Recommended,278080,21065461,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nutwood1,"I love how the ""Complete Edition"" has $190.80 worht of DLC... So complete..."
,Recommended,278080,16487967,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Manteum,A nice game where you can create a massive mexican wave of flying bodys.
76561198031575347,Recommended,278080,19934666,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,pirateship79,love this game
,Recommended,278080,19973793,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
76561198063023720,Recommended,278080,19987647,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Maxtan32 ( Monk God )™,- learn about the chinese history- very enjoyable for people who likes hack & slash- very enjoyable for people who has played the dynasty warriors/samurai warriors/ warrior orochi franchise
76561198040692326,Recommended,278080,20012304,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rukiuky,"amazing, blast from the past!"
76561198073072071,Recommended,278080,19720521,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,No,"jumped on a box in training , guan yu : that will do , im impressed by your skills .10/10 impressing god of war by jumping on boxes!"
,Recommended,278080,20342126,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,'Dread,Was a DW Fan since DW4! only enjoyed the 4th one!but this one was really fun as well!I got to meet Lu Bu's Daughter!
,Recommended,278080,13542975,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Whiskeydiver -Etch-,"Dynasty Warriors games the best time sink games ever.  If you love being a completionist, getting every max level weapon and every character to max level, you will be in *Insert afterlife beliefs here*.The bonus for having a great weapon and a leveled up character is...YOU CAN PURSUE LU BU!Seriously this game is great for the amount of stuff you can do in it given its current sale price cost.I reccommend this game with only two thumbs up, because I have two thumbs.  If I had 10 thumbs up, I would give it 10 thumbs up.If there's anyone that wants to donate me the 8 thumbs needed to give this game 10 thumbs up, that would be much appreciated."
,Not Recommended,278080,13545782,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,isitaspider,"Do not buy this game if you don't have a controller. The controls are absolute garbage without a controller. Hell, I don't think this thing even has mouse support."
,Not Recommended,278080,13463601,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pony Man,"I haven't played the series since DW5:xtreme legends.Graphics not that different.The weapon switch is interesting, having 2 weapons too.The core reason I played it is xtreme legends. Now they call it ""Ambition Mode"". From what ive seen so far aquiring land is more interesting (haven't played enough to lose any land, if that is even possible). The shops are more interesting now. The unfortunate part that i would compare to dw5 is that if you die once the game is over, making it more entertaining. Now you can die repeatedly and nothing really happens. The difficulty doesnt scale up every time you change a stage (at least permanently as it did in dw5) which makes it rather boring. Yes you can simply adjust the difficulty at the start of every match, but IMO it wasn't as good as the old system with that respect.Overall pretty disappointed as the most valueble mode (in my opinion) was ruined. They most likely did it because most people aren't skilled enough to make it though and probably complained when they died within 8 stages."
,Not Recommended,278080,13949266,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Squashbuckler,"I am very saddened about this purchase, but I suppose I should have known what I was buying.This game is a mindless hack and slash, destroy tonnes of peasants game.I loved the series which involved strategy and the romance of the three kingdoms.This is not a strategy game, and for that reason, I am to be faulted.I see little merit in this game other than the art."
,Recommended,278080,13938257,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Robert E.O. Speedwagon,For sadists that enjoy seeing people fly and die while being flashy
,Recommended,278080,13765512,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lethe,"If you like Dynasty Warriors, this is more dynasty warriors (and lots of it.)"
76561198059492038,Recommended,278080,13757851,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Raiju970,Much Death.So Kill.Many Bodies.Wow11/Bacon
,Recommended,278080,13743281,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sunbae,I pursued Lu Bu. I died. I came back and killed thousands of soldiers. Where do they keep coming from?10/10 would massacre unmoving peons again
76561198043055092,Recommended,278080,13745561,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NaoSou,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ Lu Bu."
76561198044136212,Recommended,278080,13746979,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TesterJ,"The last Dynasty Warriors game that I played was 4 on the OG Xbox.  The series has come quite a long way! The combat is extremely fun and the story is much improved.  I do miss the simple square maps with multiple paths to completion though, this game so far features pretty linear levels.  All in all, very fun and reminiscent of old DW."
76561198041167170,Recommended,278080,13750773,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,perezvdavid,"I always loved the ""Once upon a time in China"" movies starring Jet Li as Wong Fei-hung. Dynasty Warriors is the closest videogame experience I have found to it. If you expect endless slaughter and needlessly choreographic hack and slash then you'll not be disappointed."
76561198003012380,Recommended,278080,13753253,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fall Damage,Both Dynasty Warriors and Samuria Warriors series have been pretty good especially the Empires series.About the only gripe I have with this game is the lack of custom character creation feature otherwise a good buy!Can't wait for Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires to come to PC(which from what I saw in a trailer for the game  it will be in Q1 of 2015)!
,Recommended,278080,13739635,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,boonzee,DLC why are YOU sooooo expensive??? its not a complete if I have to pay extra!
76561198038196084,Recommended,278080,13740980,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Führess May,"Great soundtrack and a number of differing story lines (reflecting the fact that the information about that period in history is not 100% accurate). Was kind of disapointed with a number of little bugs, once or twice people got stuck up trees and became invincible and on one mission it was nearly impossible to stop guan ping from using the floodgates without prior knowledge of the urgency of the mission and knowing which route to take (meaning you had to restart the mission numerous times and even put it in an easier difficulty). By far the most disapointing factor of this game for me was the title, calling something complete implies that all DLC is included of which it is not, and on the topic of DLC none of it really added anything to the game, just a few music tracks and costumes, i mean like 80 'original' costumes for £16 is ridiculous for a game with so many characters that you will never have time to try even half of those costumes, I was expecting something productive like maybe an Empires DLC or something adding a bit more creativity and non-linearity into the game.But with all the being said it is a great button mashing, ai stomping experience which can also be legitimately challenging on the harder levels (meaning you can choose to stomp or have a challenger), it includes numerous superb soundtracks and over the series it has added more character to the game. Fair enough the contols are not that easy to get used to on the keyboard and I had to use a controller but I still thoroughly enjoy this game. 7/10"
76561198026054011,Recommended,278080,13741501,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,"Admiral Rose, Ken Rose","I find that is this game tends to go down a slighlty different path from the very first dynasty warriors game which i played many years ago... There are more heros, greater villians an more chances to activate different routes... free mode is good an the additional dlc is hilarious so it is worth playing"
,Recommended,278080,13795836,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,What's the problem?,"Very challenging. Can't pronounce any of the names.As far as the combat goes, I've lost track of how many tens of thousands of people I've killed with a rake."
76561197981201871,Recommended,278080,13798467,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Iceman,Thi
76561198077854088,Recommended,278080,13788533,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,MaverickHunterX9,This game is great when it comes to passing some time or just venting some steam cause you're mad. (No pun intended) But the only I thing I could say what is wrong is the fact that you can't pause unless you alt-tab and you can't jump back up when you get knocked down but if you have some time to kill buy this game!
,Recommended,278080,13855838,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,draggard_arcane,"Dynasty Warriors 8 is an amazing game, sure one could make the argument that you'[ve played one and played them all. However, there are always tweeks that are added in, for this version there are several nice additions that allow you to control more in game actions. One could could say there is a balance of the standard DW format and DW empires stratagic format presented in this one game. The mechanics are smooth, the story is beautiful and expanded from previous versions, and the graphics are a great balance of new and older ones.If you love the Dynasty Warriors series I would strongly recommend this version. If you're new to the series this is a great place to start, but if you can find an older version for cheaper you may want to see if you love it enough from there. Simple as that."
76561198039889352,Recommended,278080,14049919,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Invisible Thread,"If you ever played any other dynasty warriors game, it plays exactly like the rest of them.ONE BIG THING: THIS GAME HAS NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER, ONLY LOCAL CO-OP.This version has a lot of content, after about 30 hours, I've cleared story mode for every faction (and a few battles for other) and played a fair amount of ambition mode. The story mode is again like dw 7, it is kingdom based (split into wei, wu, shu, jin, lu bu and other) and ou get the opportunity to select from different characters at every stage. Ambition mode is very similar to the 'conquest mode' from dw7, i.e. play through small-scale battles, amass gold and develop your hometown. It also gives you an area to spend to gold you gain in story mode (gold is shared between the 2 modes), which feels necessary as the weapons you can buy in story mode are not really worth it unless you play at a high difficulty (chaos +).Interestingly enough, free mode brings a breath of fresh air to the game; where previous versions of dw would just let you replay the game, dw8 adds hypotheticals to the game 'that change the course of history' based on whether you complete certain objectives. For instance, if you deny the flood attack in Fan Castle, 2 main officers are saved. It's good enough to keep players intrigued and provides some variety to the grinding process.Challenge mode returns from many other installments, however you can win weapons within the mode, which at least provided some incentive to play it (your characters do not earn exp in this mode).However, at the core dw8 is the same game as the rest of them, gameplay becomes predictable and repetitive. If you cannot get into the story, it is likely that you will get bored of the game relatively quickly. However, there is a large character roster (82? I think), and there does feel like a lot of variety between characters, even if it is the same buttons you mash for each of them.I personally play with an xbox controller and the optomisation is not great and seems odd compared to the previous installments (after coming to pc from console), in game it is the same, however out of game it seems like a last minute addition that was just added for the sake of it. It uses b to select/confirm rather than a which is now the 'back' option. It's not the biggest deal, but it took me a while to get used to it as there is also no controller button prompts at the bottom of the screen in menus, i.e. it shows 'enter: confirm' 'tab: pause', rather than the controller buttons.Tl;dr: If you like dw, you'll like this. Gameplay follows all the others."
,Recommended,278080,13802663,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Missing Ruby,"If you are playing with a Controler It is an ok port, The textuers arn't great but I don't think they are unplayable, if you are playing this for graphics this isn't the game for you."
76561198051097999,Recommended,278080,14069258,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bulbasir  (Kiinzer),"Great game. I am not normally one to go for a game with a great deal of action but the amount of variation of weapons, characters and ""theoretical endings"" has kept me very entertained.Just finished my first quick playthrough of one story arc and hooked on playing more. Well worth the buy! A game with few bugs and good content is hard to come by these days :)"
,Recommended,278080,13540534,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,voltzila,It's a dynasty warriors game people! You should know by now what your in for.
,Recommended,278080,13540589,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Davien,"sales made me bought it.playing it on 1600x1200 resolution (windowed), high detail.my specs: ATI Radeon HD5850, 8gb ram, Core i5 2.67so far no issues. FPS is even higher if i set it on medium detail.so yea this game is a blast.. those saying it has performance issues are BS! get it if you're a fan of DW series!"
76561197993451739,Not Recommended,278080,13541362,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SpiderMonkey,"This game is... ok.I havent played many dynasty warriors games. The last ones i played were on the PSX and StrikeforceI was hoping this would be as awesome as Strikeforce but alas, Its not. I recommend you play Strikeforce instead. The combat mechanics are back to the traditional Dynasty Warriors style with the exception of a weapon swap system. Basically if you see a red arrow, change weapon (you have 2 weapons during combat), continue. the upgrades arent as impactful to your gameplay style and are mostly just passive power boosts.It has NO MULTIPLAYERBasically with this version of Dynasty Warriors, you get to the end and think, yey I finished it, then never go back to it again."
,Recommended,278080,13541549,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ItsDatBoii,This is the true farming stimulator 2014 except here u farm people.10/10 best people farming stimulator 2014.
,Recommended,278080,13563457,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Silaqui,Need to de-stress? Need to feel all powerful? Play this.
,Recommended,278080,13564601,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dio Brando,I could make a lengthy review on how I love this hack and slash game but I'll just sum up what I think of it in one go.I got to destroy an entire army by myself with awesome combos.but no online multi.9.9/10
,Recommended,278080,13566309,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,VeryUnskilled,i love three kingdon related games
,Recommended,278080,13567398,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,P'ky,Love This !!zhou yu so cute!!>[+++]<bbbb
,Recommended,278080,13514989,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,blueberrybagel,"If you enjoy the thrill of killing a massive group of enemies, this is the game for you. It's definitely enjoyable if you don't want to think."
,Recommended,278080,13979253,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Stalker Zero 120,"this game is actually one of those games that is sooo bad... that is good and hillarious and fun to play XD... except for that ""bad port"" part that made me want to cry... play it with a friend in local coop XD"
,Recommended,278080,11605576,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Goldenlion33,hack n slash a thousand peons! :D
,Recommended,278080,16048111,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hiro Genjiro,"The word ""complete edition"" means complete story plot about dynasty warriors. It is not means  include all dlc in bundle. Overall this game is impressing me with his character appearance and the fighting action. Besides, i personally feel it special as it's victory condition condition will change followed your outcome.  And somehow it make me disappoint as it removed the archer tower for me to break. (DW4 &DW5) . Well, i rate it 7/10."
,Not Recommended,278080,16231708,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Advera,I love the series but honestly this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. The controls are clunky and it just takses away the whole dynasty warrior unique experience. I suggest you use a controller and not a mouse / keyboard...OTHERWISE DONT BUY! I would like to refund this but I cant unfortunately.
,Recommended,278080,16257129,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Monkie,"this game is epically badass, decimate armies in a 3rd person hack and slash for hours upon hoursmy 315 hours of gameplay attests to the playtime presentmultiplayer is local only but it's probably one of the best co-op multiplayer games i've ever playedalso, the history, if you play the historical arcs and read up in the ingame encyclopedia it is a very in depth history lesson."
,Recommended,278080,16236708,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Caio.,"A good game if you're into hack and slash gamesWell, this is a pretty cool and fun game. Even if you have never played any other game of this series, playing this thing is a piece of cake. The campaign mode is nice, but the cool thing about this game is the ambition mode, where you start with nothing but a small village and have to make your way up to create a great empire. And the coolest and true nature of this game is that, almost everything you do, you do by slashing/cutting/destroyng what's in your way. Also, it's possible to select the original japanese audio (with subs) instead of the english dubbed one. To sum it up, this game has:Good story modeCool ambition modeLots of charactersOriginal audio availableMassive hack and slash funLooks goodRuns fine even on weaker PCsThe downside is that it does not have an online multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,278080,15762496,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,zamuel16,"Perfect example of how all of the main ""Warriors"" series play. I recomend this game for people wanting to get into the ""Warriors"" games, due to the tutorials and Beginner difficulty. However, one thing must be said. DO NOT CALL A GAME THE ""COMPLETE EDITION"" WHEN THE BUYER MUST SPEND A GOOD AMOUNT OF MONEY FOR DLC! Otherwise, this is a great game. 9/10"
,Recommended,278080,16378512,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,GARNiDELiA,Its dynasty warriors LOL what else needs to be said!!
,Recommended,278080,16378736,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TuxingtonIII,"As long as you are ok with hack-and-slashes, then this game is awesome.  I've racked up at least 60 hours with this game so far, and there's still a lot more to do (and it's not even mindless grinding either) -- and 60+ hours is pretty much unheard of in this day-and-age.You can do the story mode on Normal (completely duoable by anyone with 1-2 thumbs), and after you finish that, you can go back and do all the special conditions (stars you see in 'Select Stage') to unlock alternate story lines.  Even with the 'Complete Edition', there's still plenty of weapons to unlock (though you'll probably need Google to find them before you reach 160 hours, which is a testament to how much there is to do in this game).TL;DR It's a Dynasty Warriors game with plenty of objectives to fill up tons of your hours.  As long as you can get through the 'mirco' gameplay (mashing buttons), then there's plenty of 'macro' gamplay (unlockables) to go around.I personally did almost all of Story Mode campaigns before even trying Ambition Mode, and I don't regret it.  Story Mode is 'fun'-ish, and Ambition Mode is a lot better suited for perfectionists since it's more grindy.The only advice I'd give for Ambition mode isjust level up your castle first and ignore enemy generals since you lose almost all of them once you build the castle."
,Recommended,278080,16482958,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sassy_Sas,I am a big fan of the DW series. I do like this game but my heart will always lie with DW5. This game is fun to play and I'm glad they brought back old characters as well as adding new ones.
,Recommended,278080,16510192,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Spiner909,"Highly reccomended as long as you know what you're getting and are okay with that.Dynasty Warriors is a casual game for you to enjoy the ♥♥♥♥♥in soundtrack and singlehandedly win a battle. Mechanics are solid and the history of the Three Kingdoms is interesting (particuraly the alternate history scensarios).DW is not for you if you want a serious, realistic, or highly historically accurate game."
76561198028209819,Recommended,278080,16512188,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Serene,"As a big fan of the Dynasty Warriors series, I would have to say that, regardless of the fact that this is just a port over from the consoles, this is still a really great game, whose graphics are generations better than what Dynasty Warriors fans are used to seeing FROM DYNASTY WARRIORS GAMES.A true fan who loves the series for what it is doesn't care so much about how the graphics look on the PC in comparison to the console version, or even in comparison to other games on the PC! And honestly, the graphics were a lot better than I expected. I remember trying to play DW8 on the console, and getting craptons of graphical lag. I don't get that with this PC version. I just bought it yesterday, and I plan to put many, MANY more hours into the game.The gameplay is just what you'd expect from a Dynasty Warriors game. You hack, you slash, you murder thousands of enemies on a single map and just feel so good about it as you're doing it, and thats the way it's always been. The weapons system makes playing the same character over and over again more engaging, because you can not only play them using different weapons, but you can also level up that character's proficiency with that weapon, and change up your whole playstyle by swapping weapons mid combat.If you're looking for amazing graphics, this game is not for you. If you're looking for an improvement on the well liked Dynasty Warriors series, you've bought the correct game."
,Recommended,278080,16499025,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Obsol3te,"I had once played a PC game called Warriors Orochi that was a fun hack and slasher. I kept looking for it on Steam but could never find it. It turns out, it is actually this game, Dynasty Warriors 8. Tons of content in this package, you'll have hours and hours of mindless killing fun."
,Recommended,278080,16502726,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,sidneyaks,"Yup, that's dynasty warriors!Coming from playing this franchise on the console, I wasn't particularly fond of the time it took me to set up my controller, and the ""config"" from the steam launcher didn't appear to have any effect, but once I get into the game and get it set up, everything ran perfectly. If you're a fan of the series and feel like picking up the newest iteration, go right on ahead. It doesn't off much over the core gameplay of 5 (the last one I played), but then again, Koei discovered a formula that works and stuck with it, so if you liked the others, you'll like this one."
76561198048563745,Recommended,278080,12124878,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,[Brogre] Kool-Aid,"One of my favorite games for console on PC? Hot ****!!! I'm there, and it's on Steam? Lord we thank you for your kindess, PRAISE CHINESE JESUS!!! Srsly though when I saw this game on Steam I didn't think twice and neither should you, if you've played every Dynasty Warrior game like I have; including DW:1 which was a fighting game; get this game. My only wish is that they port Samurai Warriors 4 to PC for Steam then I can die happy."
,Recommended,278080,12105690,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Warrior-,Mash all the buttons
76561198029250216,Recommended,278080,12080625,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,quickshadowman,"I like this game on the PC as it has better hardware that greatly improves the game play, and has great eye candy with higher end graphic card.  No lag and plays really smoothly.Having the the next generation of the three kingdoms epic heros come into their own, is a very nice touch, and more realistic than the earlier editions.  Now if only Warriors Orochi Three be next."
,Recommended,278080,12070028,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Renzhe Light,I would like to recommend this game with proper note:Pro:1. Various Character.2. Indepth game story (with hypothetical storyline)3. Cure for people like me who love DW series in consoles4. Japanese Voice Pack Include5. With Steam Achievements6. Various DLC7. Pretty neat graphic (after the update)Cons:1. Expensive!2. Using Controller movement are sluggish3. Too much DLC4. Crash when you switching application in Windows 8 (Windows 7 sometimes hangs)5. Sometimes the graphic for character will when all black (this also occure in console version)6. English Dubs Sucks! lolafter all I love DW8 there is no reason for me to not buy this awesome stress reliever game.
,Recommended,278080,12072368,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Voodu,Awesome Game and great fast pace fighting/action! 10/10 would bang.
76561198012009869,Not Recommended,278080,12252007,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MurderUnicorn,This is.... probably the worst game I have played on PC in terms of the quality of the port and the general playability of the game on PC. If I could get a refund I would do so without hesitating.
76561197977011176,Recommended,278080,12064928,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Hexius Khan,"I have long enjoyed the Dynasty Warrior series, and was quite glad and suprised to see it released on the PC.  I would recommend this to anyone looking to pick up an easy to play Hack and Slash game, few games will give you the oppertunity to murder your way across the battlefield like the Dynasty Warrior games do.Also persue Lu Bu. Go on, do it. You know you want to."
,Recommended,278080,11920146,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Sinhe,As a huge fan of the DW series i highly recommend DW8: XL .You are also able to download the Original Voice Cast (JP) for this game which makes it even more awesome.The DLC are rather optional things and mostly contain costumes from older titles of the series.You don't even need them to play this game.The only thing that might be a problem is the control of this game.Using the Keyboard makes it  a bit harder than using an usb controller but you can change the key input for the Keyboard in the settings aswell.If you are a fan of the Series this is a must buy for you.
76561198030723419,Not Recommended,278080,13315484,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,TunderUy,"complete edition??,no, this is not a complete edition!!,  graphics of playstation 3, having the possibility to improve it !!"
76561197993763693,Recommended,278080,13316716,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"A tremendous addition to the Dynasty Warriors franchise and, in my opinion, the best iteration to date. I've always favored the Empires titles over the others for the ability to create one's own character and conquer the whole land, etc., but this title has it all. Including a ""subjugation"" mode that follows completion of the traditional ""ambition"" mode, which essentially becomes a simplified version of DW8 Empires. There are 82 characters, over 40 new stages (more than half of which can be played from different sides), a new Lu Bu-centered campaign... and each character now gets 3 bodyguards, has 3 musou attacks, 2 EX attacks and the amazing new True Rage attack - essentially a two-stage musou attack that kicks into high gear after attaining a chain of about 100 or so. While my play time is inflated due to leaving on the PC at times, This will easily provide 100+ hours of fun if you've enjoyed the franchise in the past... or even if you've never tried it. Do try it."
,Recommended,278080,13325642,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,carlos danger [NO MONITOR],"First of all thanks for taking the time to read this review, this is a computer game."
,Recommended,278080,13327639,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Not Hamichi,"Epic Storyline~Instead of read a book and get bored, this is another way to learn chinese history.More Action!More Kawaii!and More Boobs!"
,Not Recommended,278080,13844096,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kev Spar,"If you've never played a Dynasty Warrior game, then sure. Give this a go on sale. If you've played at least one Dynasty Warrior game before hand, don't. It's like playing a slightly modded version of DW4. It's slightly better, but almost no improvements have been made in the past 11 years. Especially when Hyrule Warriors shows more improvement in the formula. Also this is a bad PC port, so the controls/binding buttons are crummy. Can't get the thing to even bind pause properly on a controler."
,Recommended,278080,13844285,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,🦊狐桜花,"I haven't played Dynasty Warriors since Dynasty Warriors 4 so I won't be comparing this game to Dynasty Warriors 7. However I do have memories of playing Warriors Orochi Z, and my opinions of DW8: XLCE will be based on my memories of both DW4 and Warriors Orochi Z. Oh and I also played Dynasty Warriors Online for a while.First off, I've always been a fan of the Musou style of hack and slash. Crazy fun combos, fodder being thrown at you almost endlessly at times (some maps in DW4 were particularly great for this), and a metagame that's fun enough to geek about but not too deep that casuals and novices can't get into it.LikesUse Any Weapon.Previously the weapons were locked to the characters. So if you got an epic spear, it was only for Zhao Yun or something even if other characters could easily just borrow it since they use similar weapons. Now any character can use any weapon, though some weapons are decidedly more effective in the hands of certain characters.EX attacks (additional hits in strong attack combos) are only usable with the character'sfavoriteweapon, however not all EX attacks suit all play styles (I'm not a fan of Lu Lingqi's EX attacks for example) so you can switch at your discretion.There are weapon compatibility ratings per character, which essentially add some damage (+10 at max). So far though even using weapons that supposedly aren't compatible, the damage is still good even at higher difficulties. The more important thing is that you get two weapons (explained later) and a character you've built up, goodbodyguards(explained later) and the right skills and you're gold. I think using max compatibility weapons will be a bigger deal if you're the kind of gamer who wants max everything. If you're like me though, you'll probably use a weapon that looks cool and plays fun on your favorite character.Weapon Swap SystemIn Warriors Orochi Z, you brought three characters into battle but only played one of them at a time. You couldswapamong them, which is essentially like a tag team kind of thing, but it was executed in a weird way (the character somehow morphs into another) so I didn't really enjoy the system much.They seem to have addressed that strangeness by giving us the ability to swap weapons instead, which is essentially the main reason you swapped characters anyway (some weapons being more effective in some situations than others). You can have 2 weapons with you, each with their own elements and upgrades.Included in this is the ability to counter some kinds of attacks. It's explained in the tutorial in-game. Let's just say that it's very cool and fun to watch because the camera picks some cinematic angles for it.Bodyguard SystemI first encountered this in Dynasty Warriors Online. It was a fun system, and probably my favorite part about that sad discontinued game.In DWO you would sometimes come across an NPC that you can later set as your bodyguard. Basically an NPC that fights alongside you. In DW8 it's essentially the same thing, but you get to set 3 bodyguards from playable and other NPC officers.The interesting thing about this is that in battle, especially the larger and more difficult ones, you can order your bodyguards around to do specific things like holding points or using special skills that can really help turn the tide.Ambition ModeAmbition Mode is a new game mode (I think it started in DW7?) where you are essentially starting your own empire in ancient China. It's very difficult and features a lot of grinding for a lot of things. However, it's fun because you're basically just fighting using your favorite characters, using whatever weapons you want, and you eventually get all the stuff you need to continue building your camp and eventually your nation.It has a slight amount of Suikoden-ish feel to it, because as you collect officers and build the camp up, you can assign them to things, see them hanging around the camp and talk to them. You also build relationships with them (yes even the generic NPC officers), which I thought was a fun touch.RageThere's a new system in the game called Rage. Aside from the Musou bar (which is energy used for powerful ""Musou"" attacks, there's also a Rage bar, which fills up as you fight. If you go into Rage and use your Musou attack, it becomes a hyper powered version. In essence, it's very useful for wiping out an entire garrison or a large army on the front line. It takes a while to build it up though, so I find it best to save it up for when you need it (big garrisons that are guarded by ballistas or something).Why is this fun? Well, carnage. Depending on the character you can get insane amounts of combos. I have a character that did 4550 hits (Zhang Chunhua) and that was on my first try. I didn't even set it up for a lot of hits. I just randomly did it inside a garrison. Good grief.GraphicsDepending on your system the Windows version supports high resolutions and has pretty nice graphics, though the textures and shadows are noticeably low res. This is understandable though because you'll be seeing hundreds of enemies and dozens of hit effects on screen at the same time in many cases. Hopefully you can play this game in 1080p at least, because otherwise there's just no anti-aliasing whatsoever and it looks pretty bad.Character designs and renders are the best so far (based on looking at screenshots of even previous titles).DislikesStory ModeThey intended Story Mode to be somewhat linear. You can only pick from certain characters for a particular mission. I'm not just talking among Shu generals if you're playing a Shu mission. I'm talking there's like 2 or 3 options if at all. Like if you're playing Shu, you can only pick among Liu Bei, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei. That kind of limit.You don't actually unlock characters in Story Mode. Everybody is available to play with in Free Mode and Ambition Mode (Ambition uses its own unlocking system, but the character you start with is always unlocked). There's therefore no reason to play Story Mode except for... the story. Which isn't bad. I'm just saying instead of that, I'd personally rather play Ambition.DLCsAside from the free Japanese voices DLC, I feel like the DLCs are overpriced considering what little content they give (mostly cosmetic stuff like clothes, weapon skins, in-game wallpapers). There's a few cool things like powerful and unique weapons and new stages to play in, but I'm not sure I want to spend that much on them yet. Then again it's comparable to online games. But still, the base game itself isn't cheap, so the DLCs feel a little pricey.Can't Create Your Own CharacterThey've reserved this feature fore theEmpiresspinoffs. As of the time of this writing, the DW8 Empires will be out soon. I wish the saves would be compatible. :(I don't know why they didn't just stick that feature into DW8: XLCE. They have the infrastructure for it, with almost everything being customizeable as it is. I guess it's an opportunity for the devs to sell another title. Oh well.Camera ControlsDon't get me wrong, camera control has always been terrible in the Musou games. You use the guard key to turn the camera to face where your character is facing.I don't know why but I was expecting some kind of better camera control now that the series has been going for such a long time by now. At the very least the ability to zoom in or out, especially during cinematic scenes like True Rage Musou attacks, in which it isn't about your control anymore but just watching the carnage. I'd like to see that from various angles if I can.Great game all in all. My favorite title in the franchise, at least until Empires maybe lol."
76561198052335494,Recommended,278080,13677515,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,stu0037,11/10. Would play again.
,Recommended,278080,13683034,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CarlCX,"get this, y'all: you hit guys with a swordand then they fall downand then more guys show upand you hit themand then you realize this series hasn't fundamentally changed in a decade and a half; that you, yourself, haven't fundamentally changed in even longer, god, how long has it been? do you still remember her face?do you still remember yours?bury your fearsmash the x button until you can't hear yourself weeping over the din of the million identical men you've slain"
,Recommended,278080,14707434,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Human Pudding,Awesome game.  Best since DW3.  Only thin gI don't understand is when you normally get a complete edition of games you get all the DLC too.....All I got from this is the normal game.  Which I still can't complain about because it's great and I would have gotten it anyway.  It was just misleading and not quite fair.
,Recommended,278080,14689710,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Vernery,5/5
76561198018494742,Recommended,278080,10262944,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Grounded Finn,I played the entire Lu Bu story.I felt like death incarnate
,Not Recommended,278080,14857434,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Such Spooky Flame,Playing this has made me realize that the Dynasty Warriors Spinoffs are all better than the main games in the franchise. I can only hear the story of Lu Bu so much before I vomit.
,Recommended,278080,14675333,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kuro,69 lel.
,Not Recommended,278080,13556271,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chicken Nugget Whistle Roy,one of the worst console ports ive ever had the displeasure of experiencing. I would not recomend.
76561198035963686,Recommended,278080,14694533,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Spastic,"If you haven't played a beat 'em up game before, this is pretty fun.If you played beat 'em up games before, this is fun.If you played the previous dynasty warriors games before, this is repentitive.However if you are really into this particular part of chinese history or just want to commit chinese genocide, ignore what I said before this sentence and just purchase the game."
76561198035097486,Recommended,278080,14043638,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,KaiserSr,Let us murder them with pride.
,Recommended,278080,13937589,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Glimsyy,Needs Controller support. plz gaben
,Recommended,278080,14036791,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,YunSuz,"- ✓ Gets to sing its ""Raining Men"" when you use Rage and Musuo ultimate. Ina crowded room!- ✓ Its Dynasty warriors, I mean... Best history book of all times, am I right? lol- ✓ Face-rolls on keyboard for 15 min and gets over 1000 kills. Easy!- ✓ Many characters because its just never enough.- ✓ Lubu- ✓ Pets, because why not. Bodyguards are overrated.- ✓ Still doesn't have online play, because why share the killing spree??? Right? lolAll jokes aside. Awesome game. pretty good graphics, awesome fighting dynamics. Overall button smashing joy. Loved it.I've had every single one of the DW series since the playstation 1 DW1... Although DW3 and DW5 were my favorite, Its built years of memories.. DW8 is now my all time favorite. Enjoyed it."
,Recommended,278080,14207320,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Eriri,Last Dynasty Warriors Franchise i played was DW5and now..Lu bu become more IMBALANCEwould play again 10/10
76561198040109617,Recommended,278080,14188840,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheRoyalBastard,"Good game, stay away from Lu Bu."
,Recommended,278080,14221349,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,handsome_jack015,"Dynasty Warriors has always been a series of button mashing and watching thousands of soldiers cut to pieces by your overpowered character. Bring the Three Kingdoms to life with the characters you control, and try your hand in that period of China's history (albeit heavily romanticized and dramatized).Here is a summary of my plus and minus points after playing for a while:+ Plus pointsLu Bu (if you've not heard of Koei's depiction of this demon,  then you've obviously not played a Dynasty Warriors game before)Generic soldiers fall really quickly, even on the hardest difficulty level. If anything, it makes you feel like a boss.Somewhataccurate to historyThe harder difficulty levels will change gameplay significantly, forcing you to time your hits and relying on combos instead of basic attacksHack and slash (albeit a little mindless)The characters look like they come out of a Japanese anime, which makes the game itself look quite beautiful.Many characters and weapons to obtain, use and collect.Original Japanese voice option is available (the game is so much better with the original Japanese script)The Xbox 360 controller works wonders in this game.- Minus pointsRepetitive. Very, very repetitive. The objectives get stale after a while.AI-controlled allied officers are terrible at defending themselves, causing you to fly across the map time and time again to save your allies who are somehow always in ""need of assistance"".The non-playable officers are genericsave for King Wutugu, but he's just slightly taller than other generic Nanman officersLeadership leveling. It's a good concept, but it's quite tedious to increase it.Ambition mode. It's a good game mode, but I disliked the ending:The Ten Eunuch's Battle was rubbishYou have to fork out extra money for DLCs when it issupposedlya ""Complete Edition"". The base game itself is already expensive to begin with.Irritating BGM, especially when it doesn't fit into the scenario you're playing.The English voice dubs are terribly recorded; the actors portrayed the wrong emotions (if they even have it) and it's so bad that it's laughable.The keyboard mapping is quite terrible.I recommend it for gamers who are familiar with the series and love the concept (which is pretty good for this genre) and for gamers who have nothing else to do with their time, because you will sink many hours into it just to complete the story and unlocking things.To the opinion of this casual gamer:6.5/10"
76561198026319810,Recommended,278080,14175222,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Wei.Yan,Ennemy... officer... defeated !
,Recommended,278080,14177741,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Vapor Woofie,"Alright I could get into all the details about how Lu Bu is overpowerd and how its the same voice overs and quotes from every nonplayable person in the game, but I'll sum this up in a short reading.DYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition is, to me, amazing. Now notice how I said to me. I am a huge fan of Dynasty Warriors (Had a huge crush on Magoichi Saika) so it might be a little biest.It is what it is. A game where you play a charcther whos play-style differs depending on what wepon you equip them with. All charcthers can use all wepon types but not all preform as well as others. While it is not needed each charcther has a specialized wepon class where they excell at and can preform certain moves with that wepon that others cannot.There are a good number maps where you play on and depending on who you're playing, or what faction you're working for, depends on how the scenario works out. There are ALOT of missions and it does offer little objectives other then slash and kill enemies, nothing major but its a nice touch (Using a catapult, driving a fire machine, etc.)This game from me gets a 8/10 for me. There are alot of features I didn't cover but if you love Dynasty warriors, or if you're curious if this is worth your time. It is. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,278080,14019732,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Zieko,"For those who love playing Dynasty Warriors, or any Hack and Slash game, you'll love the latest version. I've only played Beginner mode so far, but that's just because I wanted to see the story first. I've logged in over 30 hours just completing all the storylines, including the hypothetical stories."
,Recommended,278080,13968596,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Triggered,temp game before DW empire out soon
,Recommended,278080,14333165,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mångata,"The graphics are amazing, I admit I'm very impressed with how the game came out! But of course...it's Dynasty Warriors. It will always be awesome. Only complaint is the difficulty with the co-op system. It's really strange how they set up the controls. It's easier to work things out on story mode, but practically impossible on anything else. I can't move the 2P cursor worth anything.. It was just frustrating. I know getting another controller will solve the problem. But it still is an annoying issue. Aside from that! Everything is perfect. Love, love, love."
76561198125296861,Recommended,278080,14317309,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,chickenwing_87,yes its very good
76561198057750279,Recommended,278080,14975141,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,ExdeathYourJudge,"Ok, first off, I completely agree with the people who complain about the $200 DLC BS this game has... but I DO want to note that none of this DLC is REQUIRED for the game. No extra stories, no characters, nothing really special. So quit complaining, cause you do not have to buy any of it.Now onto the actual reviewI love Dynasty Warriors, but honestly..... it is SO much better on console. I played DW8 with a friend on 360 and loved it. So when I heard that DW8 Xtreme Legends was only on Playstation and PC I was not happy. But, as you can tell by this, I bought it here. Simply put, this is an improvement on the original DW8, with a few added characters, a new story featuring everyones favorite angry one man army Lu Bu, and new move. What this game lacks.... is PROPPER PC OPTIMIZATION. Seriously. I even used a controller, and the controls were aweful. The combo system is the same as console, but the movement is clunky. And, for those who are even considering using a keyboard: Don't. Just. Don't. The graphics, while good being your typical Dynasty Warriors game, are nothing to write home about. Though.... my computer had some weird screen tearing issues on occassion, but that's my fault not so much theirs.Story wise, this game is great! Lu Bu's story is fun as all hell, and I absolutly love the Hypothetical Route. Characters are nice too, especially the add in of Lu Bu's daughter. But I would expect nothing less from a DW game. The additons to Ambition mode, while nice, still make you grind for days on end to complete.... but, for those who complete it, it is a real accomplishment! All in all, I'd get on sale if possible, especially if you are a Dynasty Warriors fan!"
,Recommended,278080,15070281,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,No Cookies 4 U,"Good game. The only thing I don't like is that it basically makes all of the individual characters pointless. Sure it gives a few stat differences, but any character can use any weapon. Weapons are what make the gameplay unique, and used to be what made each character unique. Now there are tons of characters, but it feels pointless. That's my one major gripe about the game, and it's the reason I don't feel much like beating another campaign after I completed one. It feels pretty much pointless/useless.I am on the fence about recommending this game, honestly. Hasn't felt good since DW3 to me. But the other aspects of the game are fun. But I liked having unique characters to play. Now it's just like having a lot of different people ""skins"" to chose from. Pretty lame by comparison to DW3. But if you've never played the series and that won't bother you, by all means grab the game. Everything else about it is almost as good (and some of it better) than the older games.TL;DRBuy on sale."
,Recommended,278080,15077115,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Lita Sür,Recomendo.
,Recommended,278080,14891975,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,El Slotherino,Mash buttons to the sound of metal music while you have no idea what you actually have to do. 10/10
76561198040128289,Not Recommended,278080,15023244,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,pride4mienh,"Great game, but with horrrible lag issues.  They need to fix the major lag issues with the game.  The game starts off fine when you playing.  Once you play for a while the game starts to lag really bad which makes the game unplayable."
76561198031828165,Recommended,278080,15119181,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,take,"10/10 Dynasty Warriors ♥♥♥♥♥es, please."
,Recommended,278080,15113513,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,CalamityKitz,"My major beef with this game is the lack of online multiplayer. Yes there's local and sure it's still fun, but the lack of online functionality KILLS what would've been a definitive DW experience. Get this only if you're fine playing on your own or with local friends.Also the button layout is wonky and you'll Cancel out of menus now and again, so be warned. Gorgeous game otherwise, mindless hack n' slash with (admittedly very light) strategic elements.7/10, still recommend. Solid game."
76561198006923019,Recommended,278080,14076293,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,√ puffy★,Slaughter simulator 8.1 !
76561198015206516,Recommended,278080,14069812,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Calvin,"This is after about 5 hours of playtime, I will be sinking more hours into this game though, but here is what I have to say about Badass Simulator 8.- Intro -You get to massacre armies of soldiers and feel powerful while doing it, while fighting other badass officer units at times. There's a variety of modes, and a ton of customization for a wide amount of characters.As someone who has never played a Dynasty Warriors game, this is probably not for everyone though. It's alot more in depth than a hack and slash in my opinion, just because of the amount of content that you have available. And on the higher difficulties, the player can easily get overwhelmed if you don't know what to do. Either way, if your new to the series, definetly check it out.- Pros -- Amazing sountrack (Turn on random music in the sound options, there's a ton of music.)- Upwards of 70 characters- Huge assortment of weapons, with their own movesets. (Each character can use one EX weapon (which is like their main) and then a secondary weapon. Ex. Spear with bombs, or Sword/shield with a spear on the side.- Multiple modes, story, free play, ambition (which is building up an empire and recruiting allies) and a couple more including challenge mode.-Can call a horse-Level system, unlock skills and more moves for certain weapons as you level up.-Interesting fighting system, it's not a straight up hack and slash, although it can feel like it at times.- Cons --It can get very repetetive, if you don't like killing people across large battlefields.-Lack of enemy variety, most of the enemies are a generic unit which attack rarely, and their are unit commanders, but they don't do to much. Thankfully the Officers can use some pretty deadly moves which can K.O you extremely quickly on higher difficulties.- The ungodly amount of DLC in this game."
,Recommended,278080,14077639,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ladyredfox85,Love this game!
76561198009390545,Recommended,278080,14270822,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DeadEye,"Surprisingly satisfying, this is the modern Dynasty Warriors around."
,Recommended,278080,13438931,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zange,Dynasty Warriors. Enough said.
76561198047184113,Recommended,278080,13457407,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dylodin,"A great dynasty warriors game? The greatest dynasty warriors game? It doesn't matter, you know what you're signing up for."
76561198097438767,Recommended,278080,13614396,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BabyPizza,"I love this game, however, WAIT TO BUY IT ON SELL. When this game first came out I really wanted it, but $60? Then they bumped it down to $50. No, wait until it's below $20. Fun game. I got to ride a panda."
76561198056343803,Recommended,278080,13618833,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dfrege,"Incredibly fun, plenty of content plus Zhong Hui <3"
,Recommended,278080,13620857,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LGC BACKPACK,i grew up on this franchise and i will always love it! :D
,Recommended,278080,13625373,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DeadDeal,Me and this game = Still better love story than Twilight...  <3
,Not Recommended,278080,13593213,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BLINKeu,"worst thing i found after spend money for it, [mouse is useless for this game] , it completely disable ,i have 1 controller, yes i can play this game alone, but sometime i just want to play co op with my bro but not often, it not worth for pay $40 for other one controller with rarely to use it. if it not support [keyboard+mouse] why don't tell in description?"
,Recommended,278080,13656792,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NeoArmstrongCycloneJetArmstrong,The best mass murder simulator i've played 11/10 gg no re
,Recommended,278080,14886036,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Doublestrand,"Had a stressfull week and you just wanna punch a dude in the face? I know I have, and so this is the game to play!Kill people to the amazing soundtracks of this game and feel awesome!"
,Recommended,278080,14880882,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Seranjine,"Ah, good old Dynasty Warriors! Now with different people, weapons, and attacks... again!Honestly though, this game is really good. It's Dynasty Warriors, how can it not be? Run around, miraculously beat the crap out of hundreds (nay, thousands!) of people and generally mess up whole armies, in a few minutes. Then, realize that your own army is failing miserably at some point, and rush over in a panic to support them. The addition of the Kingdom Builder mode added a lot of replay value to it, and adding an officer bond got my romantic/bromantic heart a-leaping! Though, doubtlessly you'll spend hours trying to build it up, and then realize that most of it was pretty much just for aesthetically pleasing backgrounds that could have been found online. Oh, but the fun you had along the way, eh?!Now, don't mind me, but I must go jump into the middle of a huge army that will stand around and stare at my majestic power!"
76561198048130800,Recommended,278080,14377230,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Thawrom,"Good Dynasty Warriors game, if you've ever played one of these before then you know what to expect. For those who have never tried a DW I should warn you that it is a fairly repetitive game without much depth, but if one of your dreams is playing as a an ancient chinese warlord while slaughtering hundreds of troops time and time again then this is the game for you. The game allows you to use many different weapons, each with its own figthing style that help to keep the game interesting.Overall a good game if you are into beat 'em ups otherwise you might be dissapointed."
,Recommended,278080,14369662,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Redemperor124,"It's the same as Dynasty Warrior 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 + graphic improvement and this and that but it still gives you some fun whenever you play.You may addict to this game but when you feel you are done with it. You will never feel like plaiyng it again.Well. give it a try"
,Recommended,278080,14362077,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,fenris awkwakwakwakwakwakwakwak,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing metal. The voice acting gets me hard and the soundtrack melts my face off.
76561198003227307,Recommended,278080,13220625,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[JMT]Vinniepazz,Lots of playable characters. Hack and slash with friends. Local coop
76561198110280849,Recommended,278080,13314376,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,SirGerm,its a ok game i mean it has changed but it will always be your basic button masher
,Not Recommended,278080,17479791,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The Magic Lemur,"It's a fine game, but a crappy port. If you enjoy playing with a gamepad, don't even bother. It's a hassle to set up and doesn't fully support gamepad-only play."
,Not Recommended,278080,17494128,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Khadgaer,"The game looks great and generally plays well, but the last few patches were entirely DLC content (nearly up to $200 of costumes). I wouldn't have any issues with that if other things were being addressed as well.Should allow for cloud savingThe scope and time that can be invested in this game are huge and it'd be nice if at least included cloud saving so that we don't have to manually keep everything backed up.Should have full controller supportIt's also quite embarrassing how it still only has ""partial"" controller support. Going through the tutorial with a controller requires going back and forth between the mapping if you're not familiar with them. In the middle of the tutorial you actually have to create mapping for the menu or use a keyboard."
76561198069060461,Recommended,278080,17537918,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Trome Walker,nice game dude
,Recommended,278080,16834476,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ryhawkeyes,There's many campaigns and in all of them you spam m1 and hit people with oversized sticks10/10
76561198035773113,Recommended,278080,16835682,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Boomer,"It's Dynasty Warriors, certainly not the best of them (most of the new characters were pretty weak IMO).  The support skills that you get to use with your allies during battle is pretty cool.  Ambition mode is lacking compared to the story mode.  You're getting exactly what you know you're paying for.7/10"
,Recommended,278080,16836401,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mabans,"Never played the gaame series before and figured I'd give it a wack after the summer sale. While the game offers little in depth for combos it offers a TON of variety in the characters you play. While it's not Dark Souls calibur combat it is competent and stands on it's own. While it was a fresh experience for me I can see how someoen couyld tire of playing, ultimately, the same story 7 times. I did buy this thinking there was an empire mode but the small town building stuff they have is ok. Still tons of fun. It's definately a great sale item."
12222121212121212,Recommended,278080,16836724,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TiMmYtApThAt,"Awesome Game, Highly Recommend. Very Addicting non stop fighting!!!"
,Recommended,278080,16821522,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Komrade Klutch,10/10 Would help Li Dian come out of the closet again.
,Recommended,278080,16523830,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mah Boi Artix,If you plan on using a controller (which you really should) make starting out a whole lot easier for yourself by visiting this page for reference:http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=297013239
76561198126368833,Recommended,278080,16525617,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,lucille19,dynasty warriors always the best game ever!
,Not Recommended,278080,16529432,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kissaki,"Worst user interface/menus and game introduction I have ever seen.The game itself can be fun, but often is not, and seemingly quickly becomes monotonic."
,Recommended,278080,16543315,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ms. Diagnosis,"Feel like killing thousands of people for a few hours? This is your kind of game.Though, I was put off from playing without a mouse. I had to do some adjustments which was fine.After a few hours, it kind of grew on me. Enjoyably, repetitive."
,Recommended,278080,16889664,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,NukaPooka,"Love this game.Very glad that there is a PC version. Mainly because i actually like playing it in my classes hahaNow to the actual picture.The storys are once again split up into there own story lines. Each historical accuracy is once again amazing if you follow the history aspect of this game. (yes people most of the characters you see here are actually real rulers and generals, i've had many arguments with friends about this game and its historical accuracys, most of the wars are there, infact alot of them. the only inacurate ones are well the characters looks, otherwise their history and back storys are almost to the T )Wonderful graphics, its on the same side as the DW8 PS3 version.PS4 version graphics are amazing, but you still wont be dissapointed with the PC version.Now i've spent only 2.5 hours on this game... mainly because i ended up playing Dw8E for 44 hours instead which is basically the same apart from the sotry side of the game.I admit i havent gotten far, but playing as Lord Sun Jian or Lord Sun Ce in a new story line is just amazing.I do recommend this game for those who do enjoy the DW franchise, If you think the PC version isn't for you because its not on a PS4 graphics level then stop being so picky.It in my opinion is worth it.I do say though to plug a controler in and not use your keyboard, go ahead if you can but playing on a keyboard on Chaos mode is a pain in the butt."
,Not Recommended,278080,16961429,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,vovatheslav,What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port holy crap
76561198099690021,Recommended,278080,16876483,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,JoeJoe,Fantastic awesome game!
76561198068176906,Recommended,278080,16925175,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ivorykingchrono,Pros:-Quite alot of content with both Story and Ambition mode-Only Dynasty Warriors based game apart from Empires-Fun to fight through hordes of enemiesCons:-Graphics are not great as this is a port of the PS3 version-Playable with a keyboard but better with a controller (no mouse input)-No MultiplayerOverall: not the worst port but only worth buying during a sale or on PS4 instead
76561198036301477,Recommended,278080,20293581,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Zebra,wish i bought it on sale :c still good game
76561198116707069,Recommended,278080,20159930,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Djdano,"right guys i might be writing alot of text but here goes , so were should i start hmm lol well i'm new to the series so this is the 1st game i'v played . And it's not like i'm new to gaming i got my 1st console when i was around 6-8 and it was the Saga Saturn . But the 1st time i heard and watched at the same time was on a Jim Sterling and he had some gameplay footage of him playing Dynasty Warrior's , not sure which 1 it was but the charcter he was playing was a woman who wore a white (wow a lot of words there with 'W' lol) leotard and a blonde afro and her weapon was a strip of white cloth with big gold balls on the end (i'm sure the fans will defo know who she is). So yea when i saw the massacre that was going on i fell in love , and with it been a hack 'n slash the awesomeness of the moves and over the top kills is a main thing for the genre. And my experience so far has been epic pulling off these crazy combo's , then i find out that this game has a $hit ton of weapons and probably other stuff and unlocking skills so the RPG element got me hook line a sinker as i'm a sucker for that stuff . So i could go on for hours on how much i love this and as a newcomer to the series i'll be looking forward to future games ,also i can see how this series has gone on for so long . So if they any newcomers to this series i super recommend this and with it on sale it's a no brainer , i was going to get the game regardless and waited till payday which was yesturday which is when it went on sale aswell"
,Recommended,278080,20203676,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Taebrythn,i loved this game while im sure there were issues because i've never played it on xbox one ps3 or ps4 so i have no idea on the differences. what i can tell you from previous dynasty warriors i have played is it never gets old just slaughtering people over and over despite playing various ones or even samurai warriors. you learn about some history as you play if you're new to this series. as the positive reviews already give the bonuses of why the game is good i won't mention it again. one thing i do miss is seeing the sides of the other families or being able to wipe out every kingdom like some of the other dynasty warriors. one version you could play meng ho as a campaign and battle for each one. in this one its more controlled where you go.no matter im still happy its on pc. its worth the full price but hey getting it on sale is also just as good.
76561198201562665,Recommended,278080,20200992,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kingsy,One of my favourite Hack and Slash Games ever would reccomend to anyone <3
76561198219932543,Recommended,278080,24200554,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Alice,"Really good game, the dlc is silly prices off sale, but that aside, the shear amount of content in base game as in maps and character's you gain access to is huge, compared to content in some other triple AAA games and that brings alot of game play variants which equals replayability, so a very fun game."
,Recommended,278080,24090394,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mainanon.,I like this game is series but I still got a problem that the controller buttoms cannot changed at all. Hope it be fixed.
76561198314526040,Recommended,278080,24114732,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,tigerjrr1,amazing but i do recomend buysing it when it only 20$
76561198140180330,Recommended,278080,21252308,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,성혜진,"Warning=hypothetical path is the most awesome thing in this game.Just imagine,what if guan yu wasn't slain in fan castle or what if sun jian wasn't killed in luoyang or what if,or what if...Story=more detailed story about the romance of three kingdom(i mean,yu Jin and Chen gong are just normal generals in dw 5,if you notice)Gameplay=-awesome ex mode and many playable characters each with their own unique-ambition mode is fun,but you won't see anyone anymore after you defeat all of them in chapter 2.Which means,you gotta restart if you want to catch officers from zero-you can ride a frickin' catapult or even a juggernaut-much more complexed weapon development(combined from dw,sw,and warriors orochi system)-the 'auto block' system is really a pain in the ash.unlike warrior orochi2,getting a lv10 flash is not an easy task-variety dlc which makes this game interesting-anyone can equip any weaponWeakness=You know the only thing i hate,all of the weapon ability should be 'you can use the ex move of the equipped weapon' rather than 'you can use whirlwind/dive/dash/shadow dash of the equipped weapon'"
76561198060122087,Recommended,278080,24271275,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cloudwolfe,"Trades 7's cutscene/overall story capabilities for better gameplay. Every character (or well, weapon) feels unique. Xtreme Legends adds to the overall polish. Graphically it's obviously lacking by today's standards. The Japanese voices are cool, and I highly recommend downloading the free DLC for them, cause the English localization for this game was sadly very lazy. Y u cut the narrator??? Geez..Decent port, considering it's the first DW game on PC, but God forbid you buy this without owning a controller. Even the default key mappings are terrible, but once you're past that, no complaints."
76561197987055752,Recommended,278080,22254151,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Overwatch Is Better,"Apparently there's not an achievement for defeating Lu Bu when you encounter him for the first time.There's also not an achievement for spending 50 minutes defeating Lu Bu when you encounter him for the first time, using only weapon switches, saving every 2 seconds, and managing not to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants every time he uses his musou.What a rip."
76561198061457618,Recommended,278080,23411704,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Optimistic,Not as good as DW4 but a hell of a lot better than 6. 1000/1000 Chinese peasants killed.
,Recommended,278080,11890623,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Anodyne,"Large scale hack and slash war.+If your into hack&slash this is the game for you... I hope so cause thats its genre.+Lots of characters, weapons, battles and tons of story content to be explored.+Although as so many will tell you its not as good looking as its console counterparts... honestly its cheaper and has better framerate so does not realy matter. It also looks pritty good even now. Not ''as good'' but still good.+Ambition mode.... ^_^-Repetitive. Honestly though, this is what they where going for so its not a mistake. Just be warned.-No character creation. Even ambition mode is lacking in player choice. This may be changed in the presumed DW8:Empires that we hope will come out soon. Basicly a chance for the pub to cash in twice on the same title.-No online. Never a core feature but you should be aware its not there.As a standalone exp it does its job and is quite fun.7/10Note: If your on the fence you can allways wait for a steam sale or wait and see if they will release a DW:E edition for PC. Fingers crossed."
,Recommended,278080,22142741,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Faint,1 v 1 Lu Bu as Guan Yu for my 5 star weapon. Random AI officer comes in and take the final blow. Died 3 times after that before finally managing to get it.10/10 would get ks-ed by AI again.
76561197983391652,Recommended,278080,13539863,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rominion,"Great game, loved most of the games in the series. The only thing its missing is online play with friends co-op, would be amazing to have 2-4 co-op. But alas my dreams shall remain so."
76561197983496416,Recommended,278080,16530687,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CrOnNoS,"For fans of the serie, it's the best one i played on a while. Has everything you want and expect from a dynasty warrior"
76561197961819597,Recommended,278080,23954450,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,erish,"The only KT game on steam that doesnt suffer from being a horrible port, that said still has some minor issuses but the fact it has so much content makes this worth while, except the DLC we wont talk about that."
,Recommended,278080,24063201,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AairBear,"This game is fun. Very fun. It's got a good story, it's got great hack and slash mechanics, and it's got plenty of extras to keep you entertained for hours. However it also has problems.Let's start with the good stuff. If you've played any Warriors game at any point in your life, you're gonna love this one too. There are plenty of guys to hit and now that the series has in game objectives you can both mindlessly murder and have your attention kept at the same time.The story of Dynasty Warriors 8, at least in my opinion, isn't as good as it was in Dynasty Warriors 7. But Dynasty Warriors 7 had to make up for the attrocity that was Dynasty Warriors 6 so that's fair enough, plus now 8 has given the included bonus of Hypothetical stories, which is something I've wanted from this series since Dynasty Warriors 3.During battles, you'll be given objectives to complete which when done right can open up a new branch for each story which means you get even more story which is always a great thing.Most battles also give you the option of multiple characters to play which will change your in-game objectives based on who you pick. It adds a nice amount of replayability.Now I need to say something bad about this game. This version of the game was ported from the PS3 version. Which is bad, because there's a version of it on the PS4 that has better graphics than the PC version and I'm not okay with that. The PC version should always be the defining version of a game and the fact that we don't get those amazing visuals that the PS4 version has I'm a little upset about that.This game also has the annoyance of not automatically binding your buttons to your gamepad of choice. You're going to be sitting in a menu for about 3 - 10 minutes binding the buttons you want to your controller which is really not acceptable for a PC game if you ask me.Also you should know that keyboard controls are playable but just that. Get a controller if you can. Keyboard is highly not reccomended.To be honest, I shouldn't reccomend this game but I'm going to because it does what it does well. It's definitely a better PC port than Samurai Warriors 4 and while those PS3 textures are a bother they are, at the very least, not a complete eyesore to look at. This is a series that has been ongoing for years and has its formula nailed perfectly at this point.But Koei-Tecmo, for the love of the gods, learn to make a proper ♥♥♥♥ing PC port."
76561198080350382,Recommended,278080,23988234,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fatima_madan,Love the storylines and the characters. It's because of Samurai Warriors 2 and Dynasty Warriors 6 that I've bought this game. Never regretted~
76561197962535997,Recommended,278080,30765038,Posted: 26 March,all,SoliDus,"30 hours in and I'm still not even done with the story mode.  You get what you pay for in this, that's for sure.  Also, yes, while there's 190 bucks worth of DLC, it all seems to just be cosmetics or weapons.  The actual playable content is all in the game itself, which is lovely.If you like hack 'n slash games, this one does not disappoint.  There also appears to be a lot of grinding involved in this for ambition mode.  Be prepared to spend some hours playing this!"
,Recommended,278080,22759843,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,KD,Great hack and slash game.
,Recommended,278080,20886301,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LIR Vick,Chinese genocide simulator. 11/10
,Recommended,278080,21108939,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cicida,You're quite the fighter.....Now aren't you?
,Not Recommended,278080,19492461,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,snowflake,"Can't play with xbox one controller. game freezes in controller options. screen won't stop spinning when in a battle as if i'm constantly tilting analog stick. Button prompts are still showing as keyboard controls. Spent awhile trying to fix it with no luck. Why should I have to jump through hoops just to play with a controller? See the same thing with so many games these days, really sick of it.Edit: managed to get the controller working using an obscure driver after a lot of hassle. Still shows keyboard prompts, so annoying.Still wouldn't recommend unless buying at a massive discount. Koei doesn't seem to care about their customers they just pump out game after over-priced game (making triple the money off repackaging the base game as Xtreme legends and then Empires) removing features we loved and adding ones we don't want. Put an email through to their support months ago asking just one simple question, never heard back. i'd wait for the next installment in the series and hope for better. (chances are you'll be waiting a year after it's release for the price to drop to something acceptable as well)"
76561198067239872,Recommended,278080,21070632,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LFCmadness,"If you've ever played a Dynasty Warriors game, you know what to expect from this, it's a button masher game for racking up huge quantities of kills as you battle through the scenarios of ancient China, and the Romance of the Three Kingdoms (Great read by the way!). These games give you 100s of hours of enjoyment, and despite the repetitive gameplay, it will always be enjoyable.Now this particular game itself, is really good, however it should be noted if you're looking to use a controller with this, it will take a bit of setting up, but it is achieveable. If you're a fan of Dynasty Warriors, I'd highly recommend buying this game!"
,Recommended,278080,20733164,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Frankith,"If you're a fan of any of the Dynasty Warriors games then this is worth a pickup on sale just like all the others. The last time I played a Dynasty Warriors game was either number 4 or 5 but it still has that same feel to it. I remember the older ones being a little more challenging though. The problem with this ""Complete Edition"" is the fact that it's really not complete in terms of DLC. You don't get any of it really. However none of them are really worth it unless you really want those new skins or a couple weapons.Personally i've always enjoyed the simplicity of Dynasty Warriors and being able to just do something that's pretty much mindless. You walk around and hit things. It's relaxing. They really didn't skimp on the story mode either. Between playing through all the different factions and Lu Bu's story.Using a controller will take some getting used to as the tutorial is kind of a joke. They never mapped it for a specific controller type so on screen will give you the diagrams for their equivalent of what each button does. Doesn't tell you that X on an 360 controller is attack, just shows their picture for it.If you can catch this game for $20 or less and enjoyed DW at some point in your life than by all means pick this game up."
76561198108941163,Recommended,278080,22093694,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DriveKnight,"The game is fun. You got the story mode which is about 10-15 stages, including hypothetical stages. Amibition mode can craft your weapons to improve them. Bought it for $20. It's definitely worth it."
76561197997490178,Recommended,278080,22016962,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Scaeriola Gorgonzola,"If you like mind numbing button pressing...Then look no further ladies and gents.First real review, but like almost 1000 hours of play time in this franchise.I beat 3 and 4 up, down left right back back forward b do the f*cking bicycle kick amount of times.So when I say I know the franchise I want you to understand the gravity of which i speak.This franchise has had a place in my heart ever since i played the demo for 3 in K-mart all those years ago.Now for the review part of this segment:PROS:Comparatively to the last few games of the franchise, this game is an impressive upgrade.They've added ambition mode which is where you level up your own little village type deal.The mount mechanics are vastly improved.Expansive weapon selection.Make Lu Bu as your personal body guard.???Can anybody provide me with a decent challenge?!?!???Profit.Fed all of my nostalgia needsLu Bu gets his own featured campaignProvides more of a challenge than previous DW games.ConsI have been defeated.. do what you will with me(Needs better variety of dialogue)"
,Recommended,278080,22020591,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,™Kanna Kamui,Simply the best
,Recommended,278080,22026303,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MeowNekoSen,My♥♥♥♥♥♥hurts
76561198120285174,Not Recommended,278080,21985568,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Marvel VS DC Comics,No mouse support..do not buy if you are looking to use your mouse
76561198086574338,Recommended,278080,22423665,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Jonny ToniC,"Eh. I like it but don't love it. But the mass killing is pretty freaking awesome, I'll give it that. Man...that sounds pretty sadistic. The hell with it, maybe I do love it."
,Recommended,278080,22625513,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Tomaxghost13 TRADEIT.GG,this game is very fun for me
76561198060789763,Recommended,278080,22295220,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Negative Nelly,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHAWBpwo8gQ
76561198136936152,Recommended,278080,22643432,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,blackparanoise,A great DW game.Nothing can top 5 though.
76561198026693131,Recommended,278080,22550000,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Koinzeel,If you want to kill thousands of enemies then this is the game for you.Also if you see Lu Bu then you should run the other way because he will ♥♥♥♥ you up
,Recommended,278080,10658702,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leofwin,"I am playing this game series since ""Dynasty Warriors 5"". Here is what I can say about this game.Amazing and unique gameplay and character! Amazing weapons, amazing stages, amazing modes and ofcourse amazing history of China!That's certainly my favorite game!"
,Recommended,278080,21657133,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,YKMSanada,"DYNASTY WARRIORS 8. Based on the historical story of the Three Kingdoms, this franchise concentrates massively on destroying literally everything in sight that has a sword, spear, bombs, even someone with a wheeled halberd and quite honestly, really strange hair. More than ever, this modern adaptation of Dynasty Warriors focuses more than ever on strategy and thinking ahead, giving it more of a well rounded feel instead of absolutely destroying everything in sight (which you can still do).Before I go any further, this is a port of the PS3 version of the game, not the PS4. You can see the comparison here, although the PC version looks better than what's shown ton the PS3 version in the video.English voices:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuiN9QSM3q0Japanese voices:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPTvp1ujknoGameplay wise, if you've played 3, 4 or 5, there's a world of difference here. Everything is much more massive - 1000 kills per battleground is no longer a gigantic struggle to do as there are more than plenty of troops to slaughter. Strategy is more of a thing now and it is pretty fun. Going around completing missions for the leading commander, such as taking a base, or defending a wind shrine to generate wind makes the game feel as if you're really advancing the story. If you're wondering about the godlike music in this game, no need to worry. The DW8 (shortened title for the game) official soundtrack is amazing if you give it a chance. On the plus side as well, if you didn't enjoy music, you can play a select amount of songs from DW3 all the way to DW7 for the nostalgic purposes.For example;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnekLuCvvg4This track is played during the Battle of Chibi, really amazing stuff. The Free Mode in this game is the best one they've put out yet, giving the player the freedom of any officer, with any bodyguard and with any side for any battle. It'd take you a long time to explore each and every difference each officer makes. Finally, a fatal flaw with any beat 'em up game, this game is EXTREMELY repetitive so unless you can really enjoy the playstle, the repeitiveness may kill your experience.Story is extremely improved on, so much so that the game plays stuff out to almost chronological order and to historical fashion. You may find that a few things aren't as accurate as you might have thought so, but most are covered. On top of this, they've introduced a new mechanic into the game called Hypotheicals, which are basically ""What if?"" routes that leads to a dramatically new ending for each of the factions - Wei, Wu, Shu, Jin and Lu Bu's story, Lots of content here to be explored and mess around with.Graphically, the game falls short here. DW8 is not the prettiest game, but it gets detail where it's needed. The battleground for Fan Castle is extremely low detailed, even on maxed settings. My graphics card, R9 380 struggles to get a perfect 60FPS on max settings but I have never seen the game dip below 30FPS. CGIs in game are not exactly great, but like before, they get the detail in and thus the job done, if not to a unsatisfactory standard. The weapons are also detailed but to an extreme detail. In other words, nothing in this game is meant for super close examination because you will almost always find a flaw or an issue with whatever it is. Another issue that people may or may care about is that there is no physics engine in this game. Capes, drapes and even hair (pony tails, or any form of long hair) will flap around like crazy if you even take a step. While funny looking, it may ruin a serious moment.Overall, Dynasty Warriors 8 is a great game that has been improved on greatly versus the console versions. While it doesn't look the best, the music, the characters and most of all, the story of the Three Kingdoms is one hell of a time waster. 100 hours in and I'm just starting to get to the real end game. You may find me often in game because of nostalgia purposes but I really do mean this - if you're looking for a fantastic beat em up game with plenty of story and content to go around for more than 130 hours and if you don't mind some repetition, this game is a fantastic purchase."
76561198052227905,Not Recommended,278080,21614332,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,slimjpope,"One of the worst DW ever.  Made for consoles and terribly ported, really its a joke!  No button config options, no keyboard button list, what they give you is what you have to play with and its aweful.  Has a few game modes to choose from but no explaination of where to start so you may end up playing modes way out of your class and wasting time.  Waste of time and money!"
,Recommended,278080,21630270,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Klog,"I found this game to be the ultimate version of all that is Dynasty Warriors. In DW 6 Zhang He lost his wolverine claws, Sun Ce lost his tonfas, Ma Chao my favorite character lost his stallion spear instead he had the greatsword!?!? Cao Ren lost his sword and shield combo, instead a lot of them were given the same spear or pike weapon with slightly different charge moves... This game fixed all that by giving the old characters their original weapons back plus creating new some what overdue characters to use new or hand-me down weapons. Going back to DW6 Sima Yi lost his War fan in favour of a claw type weapon, he returns in this title with a whip which much resembles his old play style, they also added his wife as a playable to use his claw weapon.Its a must have for die hard fans of the series. Personal highlights of the game for me have been; Gan Ning getting his Flail weapon as its written in the Novel, Lu Ling Qui (From Dynasty Tactis 2) was added and given Lu Bu's replacement weapon from 6, The entire Jin Dynasty is added and follows the game to the unification of the Three Kingdoms and last but not least i loved how in Zhang Bao and Guan Xing's 2nd Mousou attack they whip out their fathers old weapons for a massivly strong 1 hit. On a side note Jia Chong is imbur you just have to spam his first charge move."
76561198049216916,Recommended,278080,30676834,Posted: 22 March,all,nineCavalry,"been playing dynasty warriors since ps2, really love this, mindless fun. Use some type of controller though, cause it's not really fun with keyboard or mouse. I'm using moga hero and another steelseries gamepad."
76561198112499953,Recommended,278080,20425972,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,AUNG SAN♥ ҉҈҉,nice game i play this game since my age 7 :D
76561198051547341,Recommended,278080,20401695,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Delimon,If you like dynasty warriors or you haven't played dynasty warriors in years then you should definitely pick up this game especailly when it goes on sale.There are more weapon combinations than I could count and each officer has a different special attack to use with a certain weapon.Weapon attributes force you to change weapons during battle keeping the game from becoming nothing but stale button mashing and the game is very challenging on harder difficulties.There are plenty of game modes to play on and more than enough characters to find your favorite.This game will last you for hours and I recommend buying this if you're looking for a hack and slash beat'em up game. The story is decent. The sound is great. The graphics and art style aren't bad either. I have a lot more hours played into this game as most of my hours were played offline but this game did last me for weeks and I did not regret a moment of it because I was simply too busy trying to find more ways to enjoy the game and more combinations to use.The game has been refined for years into what it is today which is a really good title and is worth looking into.
,Recommended,278080,20404663,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BSYNA,"Great game! if you like their games from their previous series, you'll love this one even more!!"
76561198039262152,Recommended,278080,20392256,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,šÞ Lil Bunny,Who needs a mouse when you have a keyboard10/10 would preserve the life of my mouse again
,Not Recommended,278080,21860091,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,brickmaster32000,Despite being a game that is meant to be played with a controller the controller support is awful and it is nearly impossible to get them to work.
76561198062396180,Recommended,278080,21949885,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MAD DRAGON ED,This is basically Chinese Game of Thrones with less talk and more action.It's AWESOME :)
76561198060840699,Recommended,278080,17320750,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Steven,XYXXYXXXYXXXXY
76561198130011484,Recommended,278080,17325485,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,cocaineandwaffles,"Best Dynasty Warriors yet, eventhough the invisible walls are more extreme than the ones in the other games and water is usually blocked off, it is still a good game."
76561198198826147,Recommended,278080,17331947,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Majimachorom,Love this game so much :)
,Not Recommended,278080,17449650,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,icleus,"Battled these very same ""dynasty"" characters fourteen years ago.Purchased hoping for a drastic change.  I was wrong."
,Recommended,278080,14463278,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Augurianius,"Pursue lu bu or not pursue lu bu, that is the question -Whether 'tis Nobler in the mind to suffer on his halberdThe Slings and Arrows of outrageous soldiersOr to take Arms against a Sea of death.......I pursued lu bu... I faced the giant wave rider10/10... you have to try it"
,Recommended,278080,14867275,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,catty9,It's possibly the best Dynasty Warriors ever :)though 5 will always hold a place in my heartgood hack and slash action with a stories to enjoyon console i've probably got somewhere around 200hours on this :)
,Not Recommended,278080,15002763,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,"While I love the game, it's a ""complete edition"" that isn't actually complete because there's $200 worth of DLC"
76561198062632557,Recommended,278080,14789999,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mr. ปลาช่อน,"this game has romance in stories, gameplay, even in soundtrack. yes, the great soundtracks that brings you to 3 kingdoms erait's not like just mashing button all day game"
76561198049689486,Recommended,278080,24241353,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dwayne_Dibley,"Fun enough, but the series remains unable to beat its masterpiece instalment, thirteen years on.Playing Dynasty Warriors is still as harmlessly fun as it has always been, unfortunately, the series has definitely made changes in two key areas since the first hack-n-slash instalments.  In one area, it has made vast improvements, in the other, I'm afraid, it has fallen far short of its predecessors.  To explain, let's draw comparisons from the ultimate epitome of the series, Dynasty Warriors 3, a near-perfect game for its genre and certainly oneof my all time favourites.First off, the story and interactivity is where this game vastly outshines the third instalment, despite taking steps back from DW7.  Call me old fashioned, but I'm a sucker for well-executed story in games, even those as effortless to enjoy like this one. The kingdom-based campaign modes as opposed to the individual story modes in DW2, 3, 5 & 6 is a welcome change, and one that allows the story to be told to its best potential.  You actually learn about the characters as it progresses, and the campsite wandering before the battles where you can interact with your fellow soldiers pulls you much more effectively into the scenario rather than dumping you in a random battlefield that your chosen character just happened to be involved in.  DW7's campaign was ultimately more enjoyable, due to the welcome overhaul it brought to the series, but DW8 sticks to ye olde ""if it ain't broke...don't fix it.""  Job Done.Unfortunately, the battles themselves are where the game falls flat, which ultimately is the defining factor as what is a game without gameplay?  The strategic element that made this series stand out from all the other mindless hack-n-slashes of its time is all but extinguished now, with the unwanted obsession with overpowering your officer to near-Megatron levels.In DW3, quite frankly, you felt more involved in an actual battle.  Your officer was not as powerful, and you had to rely on your allies to help you take on enemies in carefully planned out pincer attacks or luring your enemies towards them in order to catch them unawares.  Whilst in this game, your character could practically sneeze and kill everyone within a 100-mile radius if you are playing on any difficulty below Hard mode.  The issue is, upping the difficualty does not make it any more engaging, as it just causes you to juggle the population of Sunderland above you as their health slowly decreases; which is more of an annoyance than it is a challenge.Overall, though, the series remains as ridiculously over-the-top and mindlessly fun as it has always been and, if you are willing to embrace the increasing invincibility of playable characters, you may finally be able to pursue Lu Bu..."
,Recommended,278080,28970771,Posted: 3 January,all,Riceguy,If you play this game series long enough you begin to realize that the one-child policy China adopted was probably meant as an alternative and slightly more humane method of birth control than sending some trained warriors to curb the country's overpopulation by scoring five-digit bodycounts.
76561198102816556,Recommended,278080,29821250,Posted: 10 February,all,DarthPooDooh,"If you<ve played the original few, this feels like a call-back to those games. I had lost an interest in the series around DW5 but I saw this on sale and made a nostalgia purchase, well worth it! It has the feel of the originaals, new costumes and stories, all your loved characters are returned and the story really reinforces everything we""ve learned about them. Some mechanics are a bit different, but i love it! Also, if you play with a gameepad, the gaame is compatible, you just haave to assign the keys properly!"
76561198116065359,Recommended,278080,30021446,Posted: 18 February,all,KillerKoala,"Ive been a huge fan a the series now, and I have to say that I prefer number 6 (I didn't play 7) because it had a great skill tree, Secondary objectives which earnt huge amounts of XP and you can charge your mousou which I can't seem to do in this one.But this game makes up for it by having the ambition mode where you have to raise your own empire as one of the many playable charaters."
76561198076297659,Recommended,278080,30022061,Posted: 18 February,all,Animexsoz,"Holy Moly! I've been a fan and has; still playing dynasty warriors 3-8, now including all samurai warriors, and warrior orochi 1,2,3. But damn! This game exceeded my expectations with great story line, and mechanics, characters,etc. The controls however, might not be to some people but you can always change it to get used to keys that you want in the options. Overall, great game!!!! :D <3"
,Recommended,278080,30006875,Posted: 18 February,all,mitochondria,Everything can be solved with 2 halberds. xD
,Recommended,278080,21118394,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,[Apollo] Moose,"Overall this game is fun and addictive. It's got a few small bugs that don't really hamper the overall game experience. With that being said, if you've played previous Dynasty Warriors games you know exactly what you're in for. Heres a fun hint for everyone: the Halberd is by far the best weapon in the game, simply switching to that weapon makes it so it amplifies your speed. The best thing to do is run from captain to captain with your secondary weapon and switch to your halberd to stun them and the. Spam regular strike and you'll almost always end them immediately"
76561198126985998,Recommended,278080,30112585,Posted: 22 February,all,Zekki,"ridiculously stupid ai. why they adding the slow motion effect on enemy when they about to unleash charge attack, that way we could easily counter it, no offensive enemy officer just like in DW5 with 4+ combo combined with their strong attack and with this mobile unit captain thing and unit commander that could easily defeat any of my allies even famous officer. u gotta be kiddin me. morale system sucks. the only + about this game just the story mode with hypothetical route and unique weapon for every single famous officer. the rest, is just a so-so. ♥♥♥♥ing low morale ally, easily gettin killed by some peon"
,Recommended,278080,29834768,Posted: 10 February,all,WeeYum,True to the series. Garbage♥♥♥♥♥port. If you cant get it on console then grab this.
,Recommended,278080,29899300,Posted: 13 February,all,himmeltengoku,"I got one PSVita copy already and purchased this since it got a big price drop.DynastyWarriors 8 is a good game,if it has no English dub and sub...It is really weird.But otherwise it is still a good game"
,Recommended,278080,29937022,Posted: 14 February,all,Zeee,GOOD GAME
76561198137240778,Recommended,278080,30014840,Posted: 18 February,all,Tim Berners Lee,"You get to kill Lu Bu. Again, and again."
76561197969607227,Not Recommended,278080,30002813,Posted: 18 February,all,Creamed Corn,Progress wiped twice now... I'm done
,Recommended,278080,29921068,Posted: 14 February,all,John Wick,"One thing that gives it a minus; No mouse control.But other that it's has button mashing, chain hits, ALOT of mini boss killing, ulti attack and rage mode, wepon collecting, build your base (sort of and it's in Amnbition Mode).Many different modes to play in.Plenty of characters to choose from Male and Female, all with their own prefered weapin styles. On main wepaon and a second weapon.Don't forget that it's either only keyboard control or controller!"
,Recommended,278080,29905643,Posted: 13 February,all,[ Ｋａｉｒｏｓ ],"I'm a long-time fan of the Warriors franchise and have played Dynasty Warriors since DW5 Vanilla (I've also played DW4, 3 and below after I played through 5.) I have to say after a reasonable amount of time playing this game it drastically improved over 7. The double EX system and addition of an alternate and Aerial Musou attack provides variation to multiple combo setups and a diverse set of options when engaging enemy officers. Moreover, the new characters who were added play magnificiently. Lu Lingqi is my personal favorite due to her left stick gimmick. The game has massive replayablity due to the great amount of content it starts off with. The story is also amazing with good cutscenes and reasonably well-performed voice acting.TLDR:Pros- Good amount of playables- Replayable Value- Content- Amazing GameplayCons- DLC is stupendously expensive in price- Can be complicated to newer players with the interface- Graphics are not of the PS4 port"
76561197982877381,Recommended,278080,10112347,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"One of the few console crossover series I always liked.   Despite being console ports and not usually great ones, this series get away with it somehow.  This is very similar.I would not say this is a good console port.  No native monitor resolution support above 1920 x 1080 (because consoles are still stuck in the dark ages) which means pretty bad field of view too.However, the game play is the same if not better and there seems to be a lot of added depth.  If there is something I wanted from this series (apart from a PC specific version with native resolution support) it was more depth without loosing the things I liked about the original games.In that respect it is a hit.  I am loving it and still have yet to uncover a lot of the depth and game modes.  Good fun gameplay. Pity about the technical limitations which make it feel like replaying a really old game because it is a great game in its own right.Its a port so maybe wait until it drops in price as it doesnt really justify the premium price (if you care about the price) but if you like this series enough then it is more of the same only better and I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,278080,17410586,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BoogerDeWitt,"While the core Dynasty Warriors experience is there, this PC port is pretty lazy.  Visuals are unimpressive, controls are oddly mapped and even worse it displays keyboard buttons when using a gamepad.  It does support 2 players split screen, but unless you plan on sharing a keyboard you must manually bind the second players controls.I would love to give this game a thumbs up because otherwise it's good, the sloppy port job really holds it back.  Techmo Koei really should come back and patch it up.  And maybe stop selling the DLC for so much."
76561198057633708,Recommended,278080,32904305,Posted: 27 June,all,Edmund,"I just bought this game during summer sales with discount offer. After played for few hours. i really loved this game. You can either to play with keyboard or controller. For controller, u need to set everything by urself according to the keyboard through the training mode. One thing i dun like is this part, for the rest is still ok."
,Recommended,278080,32695462,Posted: 23 June,all,♂AssWeCan69♂,"As expected, very addicting"
76561198126742472,Recommended,278080,32705754,Posted: 23 June,all,ndrfn0,"i like this game but then i like the dynasty warriors/samurai warriors series. this game has english voice acting - basically this is DW 7 with a little extra stuff on PC so far as i have played.setting up the buttons on the controller was awkward - unlike DW 8 empires you cant just change them until you have unassigned them. setting the resolution is made non trivial by having TWO different resolution per setting - im assuming thats in place of what in elite dangerous for example is a single 'supersampling' setting. i had trouble with this and the empires game until i realised i was using the last setting assuming it was 1920x1080/1920x1080 when it was actually 1920x1080/1920x1200 - which since my laptop cannot do 1200 bit put the game into a default 640x480 res and no in game options above 1280x 720. once i picked 1920x1080/1920x1080 line it worked finally.apart from that it also uses the japanese set up on controller for selection and cancel buttons - it reverses them. where we would press X/A button to select thats CANCEL in japan and the O/B is select not back out/cancel. thats a trivial thing to get used to though. choosing a difficulty setting other than normal is unintuitive - you have to choose stage and select it and select Play All so you dont just play the one stage but do the story. otherwise story mode is auto normal difficulty. im supposing this was a design workaround for pc port of a playstation 4 game.once its all set up (there is a good guide for which buttons to assign to what for this game, or you can find online the manual for the ps4 version and work it out from the page with the controls), if you like the series i think you will like this game to. despite the problems.handy hint: if you are on windows 10 go into settings app, type control panel in the finder box to find ease of access setting where you can turn off sticky keys. neither of these games likes being alt tabbed or especially having a popup grab focus from it.  i was using shift for some selections in one of the games and it lost me 4 hours of unsaved play because once i closed the popup and alt tabbed back the screen was fjust a partial image of a completely different part of the game. i had to close the game on task bar because i could hear menu clicks using the controller but nothing was showing on the screen. and because i pressed shift 5 times windoze assumed i wanted a popup to yank me out of a full screen game and ask me if i want sticky keys. MICROSOFT IF I WANT STICKY KEYS ON I WILL SET IT UP IN THE BLOODY MENU I DONT NEED IT ACTIVATED BY KEYPRESSES."
76561198060622095,Recommended,278080,32891368,Posted: 27 June,all,Unbreakable Skeleton,"great gamebut you need a xbox 360 controller to play it D"":"
,Recommended,278080,33017692,Posted: 29 June,all,AL,"I've been a Dynasty Warriors fan since DW3 and continued playing up to DW6. I stopped playing DW or any spinoff series of the game because I didn't buy a new console and instead built a gaming pc. After seeing this on sale I gave it a chance to see how much I have missed and how many characters have been added since I stopped playing. OVerall it is a good game, lots of characters to choose from. The weapon system is a bit overwhelming, I wish it was a bit more simplified. Other than that, great game. I already spent over 8 hours on one character alone and there are a TON of characters."
,Recommended,278080,33150967,Posted: 2 July,all,Cupa,Very fun if you enjoy slashing through hordes of enemies :D
76561198092978586,Recommended,278080,30319241,Posted: 4 March,all,JamesL,Fun game on Console.Sometimes controller acts wonky. Just restart Steam
,Recommended,278080,13591070,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bacon Brad,Genocide by Lu Bu.
76561198214518211,Recommended,278080,30350052,Posted: 5 March,all,The_Golden_Coast,Dynasty Warriors 9 incoming!
76561198254732861,Recommended,278080,34769527,Posted: 5 September,all,sdcnatkid141213,I Love this game <3
76561198054024600,Recommended,278080,32775681,Posted: 25 June,all,Bananarumpus,"An excellent installment for the DW series. I haven't seriously played a game since 5 and this has been a really great experience so far.I love that the story mode lets you switch between characters for each battle (something that I don't recalll from earlier games. You played through the entire story with the same character, and if you wanted to lvl up another character from the same kingdom, you just did the story over and over and over again. It got veeeery boring after awhile).Character levels all carry through in story mode for most of the warriors that you're able to select before each battle, so if you decide to play as Guan Yu five battles into the story, he won't start from lvl 1. I haven't gotten through an entire story mode yet, but this is the best format that I've played through so far.Ambition mode is completely new to me. You can pick any character you want and you start a new camp up from scratch so you can try to get the Emperor to join you. Go into battle to gather materials from boxes, gain allies and fame, and upgrade your camp's blacksmith, tea house, barracks, etc.. The tutorial explains it well, and it seems relatively easy to pick up. I just started playing with the bodyguard system and that has also been a lot of fun. I frequently stop during battles so I can assign different tasks to my guards. Rather than spending the entire time running around, mindlessly killing soldiers and generals (I'm not complaining, but I like the variety of adding in fire attacks, poison traps, defense, ambushes, etc..). It seems like there's going to be a lot more in Ambition mode that I haven't figured out yet, but so far, I really love it.I'm using a PS4 controller in Big Picture Mode and I've having zero problems with it. So far I've only had one series of crashes everytime I tried to go into a battle, but I restarted my computer and it was fine after that.For $15.00 during the summer sale, I'd say this is veeeeery worth it if you're a fan of DW games. It's been years since I've played and I'm having a blast. Happy to be back. :)"
,Recommended,278080,33730983,Posted: 22 July,all,MegaYumi,"8.1/10 - Satisfactory single-handed destruction of entire armies.DW8:XL is an overpowered, weapon-based brawler that allows you to rain hell on waves of armed fighters sent flooding your way. The premise is simple, and there are very few objectives in-game that deviate away from ""hit all the guys till there are no more guys"", but that is fine and can be quite rewarding. New weapons are available by beating the generals (or unit Commanders) which gives you a wide choice of attack sytles to utilise. EX mode adds a little flavour to this weapon system by giving you character-specific attacks for particular weapons.The music is the Marmite factor here for me. I always seem to turn it down as it gets a bit much and slightly obnoxious after a while. Bear in-mind that a certain 'level' will cost you half-an-hour, having the same rock BGM on-loop drives you a little mad. While this is not a deal-breaker, it can be annoying, but a least the option is there to reduce it or turn it off.The FMV's are pretty bad this time around, with entirely wooden and staged performances, it doesnt really convey any real emotions to the audience. Not that this matters entirely, but this is (in comparison) quite an expensive game and with this level of packaging, you expect a little more for your money.Modes available to play outside the main game really help the replay value, and are very much a positve experience. Ambition mode is probably going to be the one that holds players attention as it allows you to 'build-up' a base as well building upon your chosen character/s.The real slammer for this game, and the reason why I couldn't find it in myself to give it a 9/10, is controller support. Its terrible. I have a wireless 360, which (in 2017) I had to manually map the buttons, but only after turning the controller on before the game is launched, not after, or it wont be recognised. The wired XBONE controller had less issue, but still there are no button-promts that are XYAB relational. Again, this is an expensive game, and stuff like controller support should be fundemental.Overall, great game with tonnes of replay value. Excellent vaiety of weaponary and playstles to choose from. No massive changes from the franchise foundation to worry about, so older players of the series will get a feel for it straight-away. New players will pick up the idea quickly too, although may not want to fight with the controller issues if they come across them."
,Recommended,278080,33848671,Posted: 27 July,all,Timba3olf,"If you know Dynasty Warriors, you know exactly what to expect. Huge character selection, quite a few different modes. The worst technical issue I encountered was getting a second controller to work, but I eventually figured it out. Probably better not to play on keyboard and mouse.Definitely not worth full price. I got it on sale for less than $20, which seemed pretty reasonable."
,Recommended,278080,33926890,Posted: 31 July,all,alexshots,"good game.single player mode with very easy difficulty. i can beat 1,000+ mobs, within 90mins, imagining myself is a sort of existence of power overwhelming. always win, almost 100% won't loose under easy mode. and quit at any time that i feel tired of, interrupt save function makes no worrying about save file lost. bugs are less for PC. good."
76561198109233713,Recommended,278080,34073035,Posted: 6 August,all,Lord Gamer,"This is one of the best dynasty warrior games ever the scope of 4 and an impressive roster of characters to play, the gameplay is epic and fast paced, who doesn't want to be a great warrior and defeat all your enemies.The what if campaign elements add interesting story archs,A lot of people seem to hate dynasty warriors or look down upon it well I say let them we will play and enjoy ourselves as legendary heroes of old battleing armies and dueling against the mighty lu buwhen the Battle is over we will truly be a hero of the three kingdoms.If you have never palyed the series then this is the game for you. and fans will not be dissapointed"
76561198079884183,Recommended,278080,34145949,Posted: 10 August,all,Yorozuya,"Good game, but need to use patch like SweetFx to improve the graphics."
,Recommended,278080,23325877,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,CycloneXL,Only get it on steam if the following 2 things just happen to be true in your case : 1.Not having a console in order to playthe superior version  2. A fan of the warrior games. Both points also apply to me..Koei strikes again with another bad pc port.
76561198063077539,Recommended,278080,12220287,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lu Bu,Dynasty Warriors is one of my favorite Koei Games.I played it for many hours and it keeps you busy when you don't mind if you wanna kill many enemy's over and over again.with the many characters to lvl up to 150 and many stages that you can pick.many weapons to pick and you will be playing many hours when you want to lvl everyone up and clear every stage on every difficulty.but it's fine with me and ive enjoyed it pretty much.so if you don't like repetitive gameplay or taking over bases then you should not play it.otherwise it's a good game.
,Recommended,278080,34204096,Posted: 12 August,all,LastWord,"This game has a special place in my heart.That said, controller settings take a bit of setup. But once that is done, the game is supurb.If you're familiar with the game series, this is the definitive version of what makes Dynasty Warriors so popular.Many different gamemodes, tons of characters, lots of weapon types and each character has their own identity.Plenty of story too.Great buy for anyone."
