user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,278460,9213524,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Hecatus,"2/22/14 Edit: Game cleared/fully experienced/explored.  Took about 7 hrs if you're diligent about it, maybe a little faster if you're good at this genre.This game is pretty legit.  I'll be brief and quickly summarize my first impressions from playing this game.Pros:Entralling Story - Having finished my first playthrough I can safely say that Skyborn offers an entertaining tale with various twists and turns that'll keep the player on their toes.  I found the closure at the end to be very satisfying as well (not really a spoiler, I'm primarily trying to convey that the end wasn't half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Avoidable combat - Unlike most RPGs where you run around and trigger random events that can't be seen, Skyborn has a system where players are able to physically see monsters on the screen.  This allows a player to circumvent an unwanted encounter while providing the option of easy EXP as well if they find themselves underleveled. Edit: I'll say this now - avoidable mobs are all OPTIONAL.  Under no circumstances was I ever pressed to level/grind on a normal clear.  I'm currently working on a hard clear to see if this is the same case.  Don't let this discourage you though, boss fights are still pretty difficult depending on your composition.Battle Arena - Later on in the game there's an arena that offers a substantial challenge if you find the fights to be too easy.  It poses a significant challenge compared to typical encounters.Crafting system - I haven't tried it too thoroughly yet, however there is a system in place for harvesting minerals etc and for creating weapons and armor.  It hasn't been too impactful in my playthrough since I've been finding gear frequently enough as is, but it's a nice side touch to have.Consistency/Persistent Story - The game feels very consistent throughout, and when I say that I mean so with regards to the story alawys being present.  Unlike other RPGs where you get a 30 second snippet of dialog followed by 2 hours of grinding mobs through a tower in order to reach an objective, Skyborn does a decent job of adding in short excerpts of character interaction to alleviate the grind.  While progressing through dungeons characters will talk and continue to give the player story while dungeon crawling.The Music - The music in this game is by far satisfying and enjoyable to listen to.  This of course is my own personal preference, however if something like this appeals to you then by all means consider this when making your decision as well.Cons:Lack of Backtracking - There are a couple of areas where I realized some chests were left unlooted due to not understanding certain trigger mechanics until later in the game.  From what I can tell, I'm unable to revisit these places for the time being since map movement is very story driven.  This is important because certain items come from said chests... and one of the initial lines implies that you want to collect all of a particular set for extraordinary rewards. Edit: At some point in the game it does allow for freedom of movement/control of your ship/destination - just don't expect it too soon.Options/Settings - I found this panel to be very lacking.  Not only do audio settings not save (I found myself having to lower game volume manually through the audio manager my OS provides) but there's very little customization available.  You can change the color of the major panels, however keybindings cannot be changed.  On top of that, the tutorial isn't very extensive, so figuring out what binds to what is a bit difficult at first.  They do bring up the least obvious binding (X has uses apparently), but they fail to mention that other buttons such as spacebar and enter can function as an ""a"" button if you were to play a hand held.Stat Values - This is the min/maxer speaking at the moment.  With regards to stats in this game, their effects are very helterskelter as far as values go.  I'm not talking specific number crunching for damage per turn etc but rather lack of clarity.  It's not exactly clear what +1 agility will do as opposed to +1 strength which was a bit frustrating.As for now, I'm a very satisfied customer considering the price I paid for this.  I'd strongly recommend it to anyone that was a fan of the old FFs (1-2 etc) who have a strong desire for pretty driven plot.  Overall, I'd give this game an 7.5/10 with everything above in mind. As far as buying goes, I'd be a bit hesitant in recommending full price for this game.  With the current half off sale though, it's very much so a buy that gives you your bang for your buck!"
,Not Recommended,278460,9392254,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"When the touchy subject of RPG Maker commercial games comes up, I am not one to judge or deny the legitimacy of RPG Maker games as a commercial product. I have seen some fantastic games made on the engine like To The Moon, and I have seen absolute garbage like the Laxius Force and Millenium Quest series being put up for sale. My interest for this title was raised when the discussion on RPG Maker commercial games mentioned Deadly Sin and its sequel as an example of good RPG Maker games, and one of the studio's earlier titles was this.This game is a short story set in a steampunk fantasy world where the plot involves Claret Spencer, a mechanic who is about to get entangled in a pivotal racist conspiracy involving the Skyborn, a race of magic users with Dragon-wings, Humans, the ancient and near-extinct Fey, and Half-Breeds, the result of a Skyborn and a Human mating. The story is really focused in scope, goes through predictable motions and doesn't do enough world-building to be compelling. However, what it does have as far as story goes is quite competently written, and the characters in the story are fairly consistent in their actions.The gameplay has a few unique twists to the bog-standard turn-based RPG and equipment system in that armor doesn't  directly come into play for damage-reduction, but instead, they increase various stats depending on type. In a way, the type of armor used determines the type of build for each character. The combat system is a standard Conditional Turn Based system but with a twist to keep things interesting, and encourages players to use more support skills, and it's the Threat system. Characters with the most threat will be targeted for single-target attacks, dealing damage and killing enemies will increase the threat of that character for the duration of the battle. This system allows for the utility of skills that can transfer threat from one character to another, or to gather an enormous amount of threat for one's self. This combination of systems allows for a lot of min maxing to be employed, which is pretty refreshing for an RPG Maker game. There is also an augment and forging system that allows players to further customise their gear, which is good.What is not so good, however, is the unintuitive way of how the stats are used and how they are never explained ingame. See, the Strength stat determines the damage dealt by regular weapon attacks regardless of type, Intelligence determines the effectiveness of special skills, and Agility merely determines the Speed, Critical and Evade chance. While this would make sense normally, there is also the idea that there are 3 different types of damage ; Physical, Magic and Tech and one would easily be forgiven for thinking that Strength, Intelligence and Agility would determine the effectiveness of Physical, Magical and Tech attacks respectively. This leaves for some results that just plain doesn't make sense, like Corwin's (The designated mage/healer.) magical blast weapon damage that is determined by his strength instead of Intelligence. The other issue with the combat and gameplay is that on Normal, it is either too easy, or you get wiped out real quickly, with no battles that provide an evenly-matched struggle, and the being wiped-out part only ever happens if you don't do the side-quests before the point of no return. Once you did all the side-quests before the endgame, then the endgame becomes ridiculously easy again,Another bugbear of the gameplay of this game is that very few of the objects in the game can be interacted with with any measure, which brings us back to the point of the game being very focused and limited in scope to the point of its own detriment. It would have been nice if there are more props that give you flavour text, added an effect to your party, or can be interacted with to produce a sound effect. (Piano jingle, anyone?) As an RPG afficionado, I can tell you that most RPGs offer an immense amount of non-plot-relevant interactivity, which goes a long way with the immersion.Another issue is that there aren't enough variety in the enemy mobs to keep things interesting. All the enemy mobs have a role that is theoretically mirrored by one of the characters', and very few of the skills that enemies have are unique to the enemies, as a result, most enemies are very predictable, and thus very easy to deal with, even enemies with the ability to OHKO half your party. That said, the abilities that you do gain throughout the game are very useful and are a nice change from the generic damage ones that plagues most RPG Maker games. I also do like the design of the dungeons themselves which strayed a lot from the conventional square-like design that even commercial RPGs from the 90's suffer from, this results in a lot of the dungeons and natural cave systems looking very very organic, which is a great plus for this game.The strongest point of this game though, is the music. The soundtrack is very well-mastered with a lot of nice orchestral stings and swelling chords befitting of a fantasy RPG. It is no Falcom Sound Team JDK, but as far as indie RPG Maker projects go, the fact that the soundtrack isn't a set of crappy generic MIDIs alone is something I can appreciate a lot.So the final verdict is, do I recommend this game? And the answer is unfortunately, nope. Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy this game, and as far as RPG Maker games go, this is one of the better ones. However, with how limited and focused the scope of the game is, there is not enough world-building and lore to keep the player invested in the story and its characters, and the paltry offering with regards to interactivity and side-quests certainly didn't help it. Ultimately, the biggest drawback of this game is that it is not ambitious enough for the premise it presents, and maybe if the combat system is given more depth, if there are more character and story arcs, and if there is a less-linear progression through the story, then it might be worth the $15 asking price. As it stands, I cannot really recommend this game, outside of at least a 50% off sale, unless you really like RPG Maker games."
,Recommended,278460,9208195,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Xero | Syndicate,"Great classic style RPG with a very mature storyline and the characters are easy to relate to. Combat is quite fun and the augmentation system adds a little flavor to your gear so you can modify the characters as you see fit. The game itself allows you to explore for hidden items and upgrades and there are very few random battles which is the main reason I tend to avoid this style of RPG, so that is a definite plus! Monsters are visually wandering around and you can choose to fight or walk right by them most of the time when the story permits. Great game, looking forward to seeing how it all pans out!"
,Recommended,278460,21942623,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ρоѕιтяои_,"Skyborn is a unique story driven R.P.G. developed by Dancing Dragon Games and published by Degica. The Skyborn are a winged humanoid race that has defeated in war and consequently subjugated humankind. You take on the role of Claret Spencer, the star mechanic of an independent repair shop, who suddenly finds herself pulled into an epic city wide conflict which takes her and her friends on a journey through a tale of magic, metal and mystery as she unravels the secrets of the Skyborn. This is a R.P.G. Maker title which up to this point I had never heard of although I have played many games in the past with this same look and style. For those that don't know, R.P.G. Maker is a program that allows users to create their very own role playing games. With that said, the gripping story in this title is really well conceived and unfolds over the course of the game in unvoiced dialogue and cutscenes many times alongside gorgeous anime inspired handrawn artwork that is truly a pleasure to the eyes. There's enough intrigue, action and humor in this wonderful game to keep you consistently playing from start to finish.As you travel through the beautiful and heavily steampunk themed world of the game, Claret and the allies that she manages to assemble along the way will be forced to do battle against the Skyborn themselves as well as a variety of other enemies and adversaries. The combat in this title, which is very fun and quite different from the typical R.P.G.'s that I tend to play, takes place in the form of the turn based J.R.P.G. battle systems similiar to many classic well known Japanese Role Playing Games like Final Fantasy and Grandia. As you win you constantly earn experience points and automatically level up your group. You also have the ability to upgrade the gear of your character and companions by purchasing, looting or crafting various weapon and armor sets. Besides the main story, Claret will meet many interesting and sometimes hilarious N.P.C.'s who will provide you with the chance to take on any number of optional sidequests. There is also an incentive to explore the world because there are many hidden items to find which can yield extra experience points and crafting materials as well as currency.The musical score and sound effects in this title are phenomenal and fit the gameplay perfectly. Whether you are engaged in battle, leisurely strolling about or having a conversation there are tracks to suit the occasion. The world is filled with gears grinding and smokestacks puffing as one would expect in a steampunk themed game and this title does not dissapoint. I find myself listening to the classically inspired soundtrack on a daily basis as I'm logged on to Steam and will continue to do so because it's that memorable.Discovering this game came as a huge surprise for me as I never thought that I would have enjoyed a title such as this as much as I have. Playing this game has definitely piqued my interest in the R.P.G. Maker genre. Like I stated before, this genre is completely new to me but I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this title has to be one of the most well developed and polished of them all. I constantly find myself scouring Steam every week hoping that I might one day come across another gem like this one. If you're looking for a lighthearted roleplaying game with a fantastic story, just the right amount of humor and interesting combat then look no further...Skyborn would make an excellent addition to your library and is highly recommended! As a side note, the developers have recently begun asking the Steam community what they would like in another Skyborn game so I'm crossing my fingers and hope to die that a sequel could definitely be in the works."
76561198013899592,Recommended,278460,9218646,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,daedalus721,"Recommended! Take a look~Pros:Charming charactersFantastic writingFast paced battlesLittle to no grinding requiredVisible enemies with high XP rewards means you fight when YOU want toClear class roles with a nice balance of customization elementsImpressive soundtrackSome clear homages to classic SNES Final Fantasy gamesCons:A little short for a 15$ game. I clocked less than 6 hours on normal moving at a brisk pace.Battle graphics are only static imagesBottom line:Great if you're a fan of JRPGS! A tough sell at 15$, but I have no trouble recommending it at it's sale price of 7.49"
,Recommended,278460,12271922,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Morrigan,"Don't let the RPGMaker tag fool you, this is actually a fantastic game, reminiscent of the best JRPGs of the classic 16- and 32-bit era. The ensemble cast is fun and memorable, with each party member complementing each others quite nicely with their unique abilities. Too often in such games you will find a slew of useless abilities, status effects and debuffs that don't work (or that are nowhere near as useful as just dealing damage, for instance), but in this game, you have to really utilize each party member wisely to win, at least if you play on Hard (highly recommended for the best experience, though you will need an optimized party for the last boss). To the dev's credits, I don't think I found a single ability that was useless, and that's pretty much unheard of in the genre. ^^There are no random battles; enemies appear on the screen, and they do not respawn. This is a godsend, because if there's one thing I don't miss from old jRPGs it's random battles every two steps that constantly interrupt your exploration. Each battle is fairly meaningful (again, on Hard) with plenty of strategy. Dungeon design could have been a bit more imaginative, it's mostly just standard ""flip this switch to open this path""; but at least there's rewarding exploration and that's good enough. I would suggest to the devs to add more meaningful puzzles (à la Golden Sun or Wild ARMs) in a future game, that'd turn your game from good to spectacular. ^^The story is nothing too original but it's well-written and engaging, never once did I groan in dismay at silly plot twists or anything like that, which happens far too often in these types of games, so congrats on a job well done.Oh and what are RPGs without good soundtracks and art direction? Skyborn's is excellent in both cases, so don't worry about that. I really loved the sprites and characters portraits, the artists are clearly very talented.I do have some mild criticism, but it's nothing that detracted from my enjoyment: the dungeons could have been even better, as I mentioned before, and the crafting system is a bit tacked on, IMO, and not all that useful. And when shopping for equipment, there should be a better UI to compare with what you have equipped (and of course offer to auto-equip after buying). Luckily, the menus are quick and snappy so it's not much of an issue to navigate between menus, but that could certainly have been improved upon.Some have complained that the game is too short, but I disagree. Doing all the optional content I could find and retrying the last boss a few times, I have about 19 hours; that's more than fair for a game without filler. Personally I prefer this over a 50 hour long game with tons of boring side-quests and meandering stories that drag on and on, so I have no problem with the game's length. YMMV. I suspect those who spent less than 10 hours probably played on Normal or Easy and breezed through without doing the side-stuff, which is weird to me.All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by how good this game was. I hesitated a long time before buying it, expecting a decent but probably amateurish product, but it's actually very well made, very polished, and the combat is, without hyperbole, among the best I've seen in turn-based JRPGs."
,Recommended,278460,9211598,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Outlaw,"Let me start off by saying I dislike most games with the ""RPG Maker"" feel to them. However!! I quickly got past it in this game, at the time of writing this I've plopped a few hours into the game and I find myself enjoying it quite a bit. The story is great, the idea behind it is solid, and the dialogue itself is really well written. If you enjoy steampunk, and are a anime-style fan, this game is definitely up your alley, and I do indeed recommend it. <3"
,Recommended,278460,9229122,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Gucci,"Skyborn is an RPG that feels like the older FF games (1-6).  The story is there, it isn't an award winning story, it's a story that holds together the game and the characters well enough.  Sound design is alright, nothing to really complain about, but I ended up muting the music and just playing mine.  There is a crafting system that ends up being useless an hour into the game, and an augmenting system that you will always use.  Character classes are simple enough to understand, some classes have passives along with their active skills.There is absolutely no grind in this game, and the non essential/mob fights are triggered by walking into them.  For the first few hours I felt that I needed to kill every single mob which do not respawn from what I've noticed, eventually I stopped doing this and didn't feel behind in levels.  After a certain segment, you gain access to sidequest that lead you to areas where the monsters are capable of OHKO everyone except for your main tank, with proper strategy (not really that hard) no one should die.  For reference I ended up clearing the coliseum by level 29 once I gained access to the last party member, and the Gauntlet at level 35.TL:DRDo sidequestAlright storyIngots OPLinearCrafting is crapAugmenting is coolBLD=Weight Limit2/5 Party members are boringCan get by higher level fights with proper strategyMobs become easy after a certain pointCool steampunk setting if you're into that8/10"
76561198045255782,Recommended,278460,10723969,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Moppit,"Skyborn is a great game. Has a very good story with unexpecting ending for main boss. The combat is good if you ever play Deadly Sins 2 you will pick up on it espically the health items are mostly the same and some of the abilities characters has. There is no random encounters so you can pick and choose your fights, rewards exploring with decent loot and small stars that give extra exp. Biggest plus for me it is a fantasy world cross with machines really enjoy it a lot. Game is shorter then 8 hrs I spent on it but I like exploring. Would highly reccommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,278460,13890665,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Pride Queen,"★★☆☆☆ Graphics and SoundHonestly, this game isn'tthatbad looking on the initially. Of course, this is completely thrown out the window the moment you enter combat. The enemies arealmost entirelygeneric RPGmaker enemies. They do not match the theme of the game or the visuals. The attacks are unsatisfying visually, too. Then you find most of the puzzles in the dungeons involve pressinggiant color coded buttons. Also, every enemy is represented by the same imp sprite. This game looks good but uses way too much stock assets and ends up looking kind of ugly.Music is nothing to note. It's usually not annoying, but it can be at times. Nothing stands out about it.The sounds are once again, extremely unsatisfying. Honestly I turned them off after a while.★☆☆☆☆ GameplayThis game throws an interesting concept at you, the Threat mechanic. The enemies will always attack the party member with the highest ""threat level"", which is generated by moves items and certain equipment. It's not chance based ether, they willalwaysfocus you. This turns certain party members into punching bags while the others are for aoe dps. It makes the game laughably easy because there no chances, it's abuseable to all hell.Battle system aside, there are no random encounters, they're all scripted, meaning that EXP is fixed and there's no difficulty curve as long as you fight everything in order. Not that the enemies are ever particularly difficult, even on the highest setting, due to the threat mechanic.Parties are not customizable in the slightest, you are given 5 party members that follow a role that will remain exactly the same regardless of how you decide to reclass them.Stats are meaningless and easy to inflate due to a poorly designed ""augmentation"" system.Simply put, it's lazy and didn't think mechanic with a lot of potential through very well.★★★☆☆ StoryThis is probably the game's greatest attribute. I'm being a little bit generous because the storytelling is rather forced upon you and rushed, but the theme and overall feeling has a good basis. The characters are likable from the start, but unfortunately do notreallyundergo any sense of development. It's a very short story and could probably benefit from slowing down a little bit.★★☆☆☆ OverallI don't recommend this game. It's short lived and a very forgettable experience. The entire time I found myself wanting to like this game, hoping it would get better, but it never does. Good concept, bad presentation, badly put together."
,Recommended,278460,12855870,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dr Cthulhu,"I really, enjoyed this game alot. If you like 16bit JRPGs this game is for you. The battle system is very fun and the story is well told with likable characters. My own only gripe is this game seems short (I won it around 13 hours.) I was surprised when the game warned me that there was ""no going back"" and I was only level 30, I fought every creature and talked to everyone but I feel like I missed something. But that shows its a good game when you want more. Pick up this game if you like older SNES JRPGs you won't regret this purchase."
76561197984416806,Recommended,278460,12660615,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,little_me,"14 Hours of playtime with as far as I know, pretty much everything explored/done.Game isn't really open world at any point and is quite linear, the story is good though and if you take time to explore a bit, you gain enough xp to avoid any go-back and grind groutine. Not that it is really possible since there are no random fights or endless xp/money.While price is maybe a bit high for RPGMaker games, besed on included lore, plot, story and art assets I would say it is worth it if turn based fight RPG games are your thing."
,Recommended,278460,26039900,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mad Scientist,"Highly recommended, because Skyborn was was, by far, the BEST RPGMaker game I've ever played!  Given the limits of the RPGMaker technology (i.e. dated 2D/JRPG format), I'm going to subtract  one star from my review, however, ... I wish ALL the RPGMaker games were at this quality level.4/5 StarsI've read forum posts where people say they have played the game through 3-5 times even.  It's an interesting enough world that I may play it again, in the future, as well.  I did everything in the game.  [All the side quests, beat all the bosses, etc.  The last few fights are a real challenge!]"
76561198149764403,Recommended,278460,32190393,Posted: 4 June,all,Alex Korobeiniki,"TL;DR: Very solid game, easy 7/10, but plot and characters feel rushed.This game has the feel of Final Fantasy to me- that's good FF, not FF13, mind you. It's world has been beautifully made in pixel graphics, there are some really fun characters, and the music is honestly great...very FFXII-ish.But I weep for what this game COULD have been. Character and plot moments come out of nowhere, and things develop far, far too quickly and cleanly for a group who's fighting such an overwhelming force. In the end, it's a 7 hour game that feels like it should have been a 18-20 hour game.Honestly, if there's a game I would LOVE to see done up in full 3D, with a full AAA team working on it, it would be this game. It has so much potential, but in it's current form it just doesn't reach it.Overall, I'd still highly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of FF or RPGs like it. Solid turn based combat system with the threat system adding an interesting way to maniuplate enemy attacks, great graphics and a killer soundtrack means that this more than justified it's $15 price tag for me."
,Not Recommended,278460,28967568,Posted: 2 January,all,Landen,"I really loved this game--right up until the final boss battle.I was playing on normal difficulty and I thought I was in a good position. I beat the second-to-last boss with some mild difficulty, but nothing too bad. Get to the final boss and it doesn't matter what I do, I can't win.Based on online reading, I need to go back and replay half the game (to get different classes) in order to fix my ""problem."" No thanks. As much as I enjoyed this game, I really don't want to replay half of it just to win the final battle. I'm done. This inconsistency/absurdity ruined the game for me."
76561198213729025,Recommended,278460,24823671,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zanza_the_Insane,"The Short of ItSkyborn is a single, sweet piece of candy; it doesn’t last long, but what’s there tastes better than most other things you might put in your mouth.The Actual ReviewNarrative and gameplay are both tight, if simple, and suffer from none of the padding that usually accompanies lengthier JRPG-esque games. Sadly, there is a downside to the simplicity. The battle system tends to suffer from the early Final Fantasy games’ issue of having many awesome spells and attacks to use across all characters, but being better able to kill enemies by just spamming regular attacks. Apart from some of the bosses, I never felt compelled to explore the different ways in which characters could combine buffs, debuffs, attacks, and items to do more damage.  To so would have made the battles go on longer than need be.As for the system itself, it is an early Dragon Quest / Earthbound -esque affair with a few twists.  Each character has a threat meter, and enemies will focusexclusivelyon the character with the most threat until that character is dead.  Basically, this means that you have to do damage to your enemies (which increases threat levels) without taking the enemies focus off the tank character you get early on. Well, that, or you can just have everyone attack all the time and ignore the threat meter except for boss battles.  Enemies will end up doing a fair amount of damage this way, but the battles end much more quickly and the damage is easily healed.The system also differentiates between characters who have MP, which is exactly what you’d expect, and characters that have “energy.”  Energy starts at 0% at the beginning of each and every battle, but grows as the character inflicts / receives damage.  Because these characters cannot use their better skills until after the battle has gone on for several turns, these skills hardly ever get used at all.  That said, they are extremely useful for bosses, and are not to be ignored entirely.  All in all, the battle system is fairly fun time with a few notable flaws stemming from it never being quite as fleshed out as most other turn based systems.Meanwhile, the simplicity of the plot had no negative impact on the development of the characters.  After only 11 hours of game, they developed considerably and believably in accordance with their circumstances, showing off their differing yet understandable personalities.  I was never left wondering why characters did what they did, or doubting their personal abilities to do so.Side quests and customizable gear are also featured, though not heavily. Quests are decent distractions with good gear or even permanent stat-boosts for characters.  While nothing spectacular or especially different, they are fun in their own right and the rewards are generally worth it.  Custom gear is also a good enough system that it is worth having Claret make some for the party, but the system by which she crafts things is straightforward to a fault. The is no real experimentation or concern over what is best to make.Thankfully, the augment system makes up for all of this.  Throughout the game, you will find augments that modify weapons and armor in different ways depending on the augment itself and what type of equipment you attach it to.  These effects can be anything from attack boosts to cutting a certain percentage of one type of damage to outright blocking all debuffs.  The catch is that each augment can only be attached to one piece of equipment.  At no point can augments be reattached to something different, and this creates an interesting problem of deciding what should go where, and who should wear it.  It is this kind of preparation and critical thinking for which I most love RPGs.In the end, Skyborn is a damn good, if short, RPG.  I recommend it to fans of turn-based battle systems, world building, and actual characters.Being a lifelong hater of using 7 as “average” on a 10-point system, I consider a decent, ho-hum game to be a 5.  That being the case, I give Skyborn a 7/10 (Well Rounded) and say again that you should consider buying it, especially if it’s on sale.Scoring System:0-Insultingly Broken1-Broken2-Detestable3-Terrible4-Bad5-Okay, I guess6-Pretty Good7-Well Rounded8-Excellent9-Nearly Perfect10-Perfect"
,Not Recommended,278460,9238452,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tsunday.Phantasmagoria,"As an avid fan of the RPG/JRPG franchise, and a diligent user of the RPG Maker it glads me to no end seeing projects from RPG Maker gets published like this. Not only does it spur me (and perhaps others) to try harder with their own projects, but it also serves as a sort of inspiration. Because let's be honest, not everyone who uses RPG Maker is educated in programming.Educated or not, this is a interesting little game. Note that by the time I write this review, I have yet to complete the game but I can already tell how it is going to end, and most of the details surrounding this game. As an RPG, it's very basic but enjoyable. However, for a open-world style setting it's way too linear and convoluted. And yet some maps are just way too large or a complete mess. I can understand the point of trying to make a forest into a maze...ish... thing but some players might actually have some serious issues with this and ultimately drop it just for a reason like this, seeing how fast paced the game is in general (I did not have any issues though, too many RPGs son). The combat system is extremely basic and simple, almost to the point where I actually got a little disappointed in it. It's solid though, I've seen way too many games screw up their combat system trying to make it either too complex or stylish.Towns are actually pretty damn good. Their designs are amazing, there's so many details and blends in perfectly with the setting of the game, the Steampunk style. It gives you a good feel for how the people are living, how the society is built up and whatnot. I cannot say the same about the clothing and weaponchoice for some characters, but that's hardly an issue. There are way more games that is just ridiculous about their choices of weapons, clothing and the likes (Final Fantasy X anyone?)Some other complaints I have is about the ""crafting"". Just like with the combat, it's really simple. But that's hardly the issue. In order to craft new weapons or augment/upgrade them, you need resources, right? Fair enough. You encounter resources by proceeding with the storyline. Everywhere. Literally. Since the game has moving enemy groups, it means you can skip those of you want to. But not resources, they're stuck in the walls. And they're everywhere. The game becomes more of a scavenger hunt than an RPG, simply because when you find one node you spot another one not too far away. And this goes on forever. To add salt to the injury, in order to craft you need an anvil. Also fair enough. BUT PLEASE GIVE ME AN ANVIL SO I CAN CRAFT, IT'S BEEN TWO HOURS OF GAMEPLAY SINCE I'VE SEEN THE LAST ONE JASJGLKAGLJDLHSKÖDLFJ....... I should also mention that if you just want to play for the storyline (which is actually pretty good, though some parts of the dialogue is quite... corny... and generic...) there's the skipable combat. Also, if you're worried about the experience needed for some of the of course mandatory boss fights, the creator(s?) has thought about that aswell. There are experience nodes scattered all around the map, just like with the resource nodes (wohoo, more scavenging!). These will yield you all the experience you'll need to safely pass the game on easy. And to add to that, during the game you can choose the difficulty you desire. There are three of them, depending on how hardcore and how casual you are.I can't say too much about the characters yet, because I haven't finished the game. But so far there hasn't been much development on many of the characters. We are introduced to them in different ways, but that's it. Only one of the characters has a solid introduction, aswell as history which we get to know but as I said, can't say too much yet. Graphics are average, the character has multiple ""sprites"" for facial and emotional expressions which was actually more than I hoped for. The design fits into the Steampunk setting aswell. Music... not quite sure what to say. I don't know if it's from one of the DLCs (I don't own any of the DLCs) or if it's composed by someone else but all I have to say is that... it's neglectable. It's so bland and generic, I don't think it would have mattered if it was there or not. Doesn't matter of it's symphonical (is that even a word lol), it doesn't fit.Conclusion, I'd say it's a below average RPG. It is well made in certain aspects, has a lot of thought put into it but the execution is not just there. It lacks so much to kick it up a notch and make it an unpolished gem. Doesn't matter how much of hard work is put into it, there room available for better performance, dialogue, combat system (my biggest complaint here), maps, NPCs (falls into dialogues) etc is just too great. Don't get me wrong, however. I am enjoying what I am playing and I will finish it. But the full price of the game for what you're getting is not worth it (bought it on sale). But if you want some casual time-killer, or inspiration for your own RPG game this is a good buy (only if it's on sale!).3½/10Edit: I've read a little on the Steam community for this game, and I noticed I might have missed a couple of things in this review, such as being able to use the cursor and whatnot (which is actually a cool feature). Despite of this, my opinion still won't change. You can make nice scripts, you can program a fully established battle system and make amazing designs but if you don't put it where it belongs it's a waste. I am however rooting for the next project, mistakes provides experience."
,Recommended,278460,28917391,Posted: 1 January,all,Welcius,"I always have liked RPGs so when I saw this one on Steam I got surprised by the amount of positive reviews that it had so I decided to buy and play it: I enjoyed it so much, worth every cent I spent.What did I like:- The story, catches your attention- The length of the game, it's not as long as FF games so you can enjoy it on 2-3 days- The combat system, it's well designed and strategy based- Being able to save the game anywhere- Final bosses on hard mode, they are a great challenge (really, they are)What didn't I like:- I wasn't able to take Steam screenshots properly, so I had to use NVIDIA Shadowplay to take them- The game sets my screen to 640x480 when it's on full screen, I can't change it- Only four slots for game saves, and one more for autosave. I think I would have needed a couple more- There is a certain amount of monsters in the game, so this means the EXP and gold you can get it's limited by it- There are some unreachable chests/doors on the maps which are only accessible later on the story, but you don't know it so it can cause a few headaches"
,Recommended,278460,33495432,Posted: 12 July,all,Queen Vakarian,"While I really enjoyed playing this game, the super out of place difficulty spikes really brought the game down for me. Hear me out, I literally killed everything in this game. No mob was left alive. I explored every nook and cranny to get the experience nodes. I did everything possible including MOST of the side content. I did not complete the arena as I didn't think I would need to (being it's optional and all).That being said, I went through most of the game just fine like this. I had some difficulty spikes in mobs whilst going around, but nothing I couldn't heal through. However, I come to the final boss and boom! I can't beat him. He's one shotting my healer and that just about does it for my team. After researching this fight, it appears I'm not alone in this failure. It seems that completing arena IS VITAL to the success of the game. There's no mention of this throughout the game, though. No way for the player to know that they SHOULD complete this content in order to successfully beat the boss. Now, I played this on normal since it was my first go. I ultimatley had to turn the boss down to easy to beat the game because I didn't have the correct abilities needed to take down this boss. It's a very disheartening fact, especially since the end boss fight is something your locked in to, so no backtracking.Again, I really enjoyed playing the game up to this part, but having such a spike as this and not knowing there was a way to prevent it, really just kind of kills it for me. There are no random encounters, so it's not like I can grind my way  through my mistakes. Overall I recommend the game for it's story and JRPG ways, however, I do not recommend this game if you're going in to it blind. Read a guide, ask questions. Otherwise you're just going to feel lack luster at the end.TLDR? Everything is great until the end if you don't 100% the game."
,Recommended,278460,32791714,Posted: 25 June,all,sLAUGHterhaus,"While a bit short (I finished in just under 9 hours, though I didn't get every achievement), it's an excellent game. I got it on sale at $3.74 USD and actually would have paid full price had I known I was going to enjoy it so much. I'm going to eventually replay again to cover everything. My one and only complaint is the difficulty curve towards the end of the game gets extremely high, but there is a very forgiving retry system in place."
76561198029978533,Recommended,278460,9310857,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,America_Yea,I liked this game.  It plays like an oldschool turn based rpg with a great storyline.
,Recommended,278460,9316489,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Raffe,"Great story so far, and the game feels fairly polished. I'm enjoying it a lot; I'm a fan of the snes jrpg genre and strongly story-driven games. This game makes excellent use of in-game storytelling and ambient story through characters in towns etc. Characters are convincing and dialog is well-written and tailored to each character. There is a quest log (somewhere) but you won't need it because your goals are integrated into the story like they should be.There are a few RPG-maker glitches which detract from the game a bit: fixed screen resolution, lack of freedom to walk up and down stairs and climb ladders, not many walk-behinds around buildings and fences, some mistached graphics (e.g. the graphic style of explosions doesn't match the rest of the game) but nothing terrible.I also feel that some of the maps are a bit too linear (in terms of choices) and could do with some more player-driven exploration and discovery rather than boxing the player in. That said, map layout is good and does show you areas you cannot reach yet, and bring you back around through places you've been before, which is great. They are also well finished, rather than chopped off randomly at screen edges like a lot of poor quality games.I haven't seen many other modern jrpgs around that are actually good enough to pay for, so if you're a fan of the genre, this one is worth checking out."
,Recommended,278460,10932861,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Qrow Silvermane,"Skyborn is a Steampunk styled, RPG Maker game with quite the enthralling story. This game was a nostalgic piece for me due to my love for RPG video games and Steampunk in general.The game takes roughly 7-8 hours to beat and is overall a really interesting game. I enjoyed many aspects of Skyborn, especially the combat machanics, the soundtrack, and the story. I won't spoil anything about the story, for I recommend that you should definitely play the game for the full experience. I must say, however, that the characters are very easy to get attached to. All of the characters have a personality of their own, and I found them quite charming and interesting. But, in regards to the soundtrack, each piece fit the mood whenever it was necessary. Of course, this is my own personal preference, and some may or may not feel satisfied with the soundtrack.The combat mechanics were easy to understand and very enjoyable. I was overjoyed when I realized that combat was unavoidable for most enemies. I've always disliked random encounters to a degree, and I truly love the option of avoiding or jumping into combat. I would fight some enemies in order to gain experience and eventually continue on when I believed I was ready for the next stage. The combat itself is turn-based and very strategic based on your playstyle. I'm a sucker for strategy-based systems, so the combat mechanics were some of the best I had seen in a long time.There are only a few cons I found within the game. I found the crafting somewhat cringeworthy due to the fact that I crafted  and bought some of the highest-level gear near the middle of the game. I soon found the crafting system to be somewhat miniscule due to the fact that I did not require it at all after I crafted 3rd tier armor and weapons. I understand that this could be because Skyborn is not a lengthy game, but this incident made this system, which was excellent in the beginning, seem almost useless near the end.Another con I found was the lack of backtracking. Once again, this is probably because the game is not lengthy. I somewhat expected a larger world with backtracking requirements here and there. The game has enough content to complete the story and satisfy the player, but it almost felt like the world was somewhat empty. I enjoy engrossing myself in the world of the characters in the game, so, when I'm limitted as to where I can go and what I can do, I question the condition and lore of the world as a whole. This is simply a personal arguement between me and other games. Other players may or may not feel the same way.In all, Skyborn is a wonderful game and I recommend it. I only wish that the game could be longer. If Skyborn was longer, perhaps the cons of the game would have vanish. However, I do highly recommend Skyborn because of its story, fascinating characters, and overall enjoyment. I guarantee that you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,278460,29429895,Posted: 22 January,all,strayseer,"Skyborn is a really nice RPGMaker game. Gameplay is fully combat-centered (there are no puzzles or choices that may impact the outcome of the story), battles are fair enough, visuals are pretty, story is interesting (although I feel it wasn't explored to its full potential) and the captivating characters are the best part of it (I honestly wouldn't mind playing some sort of sequel with the same cast, I feel like we didn't get enough of them!). I also really liked the augmenting system, which allows you to customise your gear as you please based on your resources. The game is also very straightforward, with only 2 or 3 sidequests (whether this is negative or positive is up to you).All in all, not an overachiever but still something you will have fun with. May be better to get it on sale depending on your currency though (R$28iskinda pricey imo)."
76561198024160929,Recommended,278460,25976386,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,eyeris,"Overall, Skyborn is a lot of fun to play and well worth the money.The effect of the early Final Fantasy games on the RPG genre is immense. That influence is felt very clearly in Skyborn. You can tell the makers of this game were inspired by Final Fantasy VI in particular. While some of the characters feel like they were lifted right out of FFVI, it's nowhere close to how World Heroes cloned Street Fighter.It lacks a clear writing style. The writing is strangly good at times and completely empty at others. It's almost like they were attempting to use different language patterns for the different characters (which would be great) but sometimes confused themselves with regards to who is speaking during the scripted events.The combat system is a wonderful reformulation of the standard turn-based systems with which any RPG player would be familiar. Yet, the one way Skyborn sets itself apart from other RPGs is in how it eschews constant combat by providing glowing experience ""crystals"" throughout the maps. These keep the story line moving forward, keeping the player on track for the next challenges without having to dedicate time specifically to leveling up characters. The drive to find these cheap experience locations also encourages exploration, which gives the player a chance to lose themself in the charming SNES-era graphics, complete with parallax scrolling effects to bring out the stratified society story line.If you ever enjoyed an SNES RPG, especially a Final Fantasy installment, you'll probably like this game."
76561197967264082,Recommended,278460,9212977,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,TheWorthlessFellow,"Its a fun little waste of time, I've sunk a few hours into it and it has kept me interested enough that I will continue to play it.  That said, it is severely lacking in comparison to many of the games you might have grown up with.  It is very linear, very easy, the story is pretty cookie cutter and the maps feel really phoned in as you progress through the game.  Balance was not a very high priority in this game as an unlucky critical can devistate your party and if not then the battle will be a cake walk.  There is a wierd system of resistances that bassically ammounts to a game of rock paper scisors based on your characters and the enemy type.  There is little variation in the packs you will encounter and less (aside from crits) randomness in the battles so you will simply have a winning pattern for each pack type.Still, the game *is* fun, just simple and fairly standard.  If you want a little rpg action in a new setting this is for you."
,Not Recommended,278460,13649078,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"Skyborn is a simple 2D RPG reminiscent of 16-bit era JRPGs. The protagonist is Claret Spencer, a mechanic who gets caught up in a rebellion against the titular Skyborn, a winged humanoid race persecuting humans and, more prominently, the so-called ""half-breed"" crosses of humans and Skyborn.The story and characters are...simplistic, and if you play the game for them, you will probably be horribly disappointed. The production (visuals, audio) are nice, but nothing particularly noteworthy. Any saving grace would have to come from the gameplay...and that, in my experience, has been hit-and-miss.There was clearly attention paid to gameplay details, which I can respect. The classic RPG situation where three spells are useful and 50+ are useless is generally avoided. Some exploration is offered without being annoying, and a lot of weaponry and crafting options are available. On the other hand, very little explanation is given on matters like the str/agi/int stats, and enemy difficulty spikes horribly towards the end of the game without warning. Not to mention the relatively short length of the whole thing...I can only recommend this game on sale,ifany of this interests you to begin with. At full price, there's certainly a lot more for your money available."
76561198055616363,Recommended,278460,30699727,Posted: 23 March,all,Decimation Nation,"After the sheer joy I had (for the most part) with their previous game ""Deadly Sin 2"", I figured I'd finally sit down and give this game a go, as it had been sitting in my Steam library for a long, long time after I'd bought it for a couple of bucks during a huge sale.Let me say, boy, had I paid full price for this game, I'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. This game is SHORT. My playtime at completion is 5.4hrs, an hour of which was almost defintely spent AFK with the game running. Could I have done all the side quests? Of course, but the real issue here is the point of no return is just sprung on you out of nowhere. Imagine this, you're playing the game, greatly enjoying the story, then suddenly out of the blue you get notified that ""you can't turn back from here"" and you're thinking ""surely just for this quest, right?"". Well no, literally before you know it, the game is just over, and it feels rushed. For the content this game has to offer, I feel that the $14.99 price tag is vastly overpriced, but if you manage to get it 50% off or more, then its a decent bargain.So, why am I giving the game a positive rating? For that exact reason, I got it on sale. Most things the game does, it does well. A fair amount of new things were added or fixed from Deadly Sin 2:- You can augment gear while wearing it this time around, instead of having to unequip it first, which was a huge pain.- Carries over the same quest system/log, that I found to be a nice touch in DS2.- Crafting your own gear.- Visible enemies on the map. No more random encounters every 6 seconds.- ""Mining"" resources for crafting/augmenting gear.- Option to disable the mouse.- Actually has Steam achievements.- Job branches (Pro Tip: Sniper is grossly overpowered).Aside from being short, there aren't a whole lot of things to complain about, but here are a few:- When crafting, you can't see how many items you actually have to craft with. A bit irritating!- Items/Spell names are almost exactly the same from DS2. This just feels super lazy to me.- Characters no longer visible during battle like they were in DS2. Now you just have character ""cards"".Overall, I feel the story here is much better than ""Deadly Sin 2"", and there was SOOOOO much missed potential with this game in terms of plot development and lore exploration.TLDR: Buy it on a super sale and you'll enjoy it for an afternoon/evening.Sidenote: If you even remotely want a challenge, I'd suggest playing on hard and not upgrading your classes from the ones you start with, though even then the game is probably still too easy."
76561198069159152,Recommended,278460,31118730,Posted: 13 April,all,wrb41977,"Bought this game because I wanted to see how an RPGMaker game would deal with steampunk. I must say it is beautiful and well-made. The setting is wonderous, the NPCs great, and the creatures... interesting. The game starts with Claret Spencer, the protagonist, having her world ripped out from under her, and deciding to do something... exceedingly rash. And well... that goes about as well as one woudl expect, thrusting her into the greater world and into a fight against an oppresive species. And maybe, she'll find love along the way."
76561198065602785,Recommended,278460,26193445,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Antorius,"Disclaimer: I've only played through once, and bypassed some optional content.Pros:- Likeable and interesting characters.- Solid music and graphics.- You may typically choose whether and when to fight monsters, which is nice.- Good replayability: optional content (""Side Quests""), multiple class paths for each character, achievements, and three difficulty levels.Cons:- The threat mechanic, while innovative, seems...out of place in turn-based combat.- Difficulty levels, while appreciated in theory, arewildlyunder/over-tuned in practice.- It's almost as if some achievements were added for the express purpose of inducing rage in completionists: they are nearly impossible without cranking the difficulty right down, or -- where that isn't possible for the achievement -- having a certain class composition. While I appreciate the notion of using the right tools for the job, in a game with permanent class choices this is not good design, in my opinion.- No WASD support.- The story ends rather suddenly, and predictably.Verdict: despite its weaknesses, RPG fans should enjoy this one! 7/10"
76561198281300327,Not Recommended,278460,29025215,Posted: 4 January,all,sandormezocsati,"this game had so much potential. It starts out amazing. visually so much work was put in. for an RPG maker game, it has good music and great graphics.... but the battles are in the old style where you only see your enemies and not your characters, which is ok, but since everything else looks amazing I expected better...but where this game really fail is everything else. the battle system... makes no sense. There's no progression, no point to even fight any battles and no skills to learn (you get items that ""upgrade your entire characters class"" instantly learn all new skills). The battle are skipable yet super easy you destroy everything instantly. after 1-2 hours of gameplay you are over powered, yet the bosses still destroy you. its just not playable, not fun. its as if no one tested the battle and gameplay. they just made the game look amazing and then rushed it. its a very short game and there is no point to level and no sense of battle progression. that RPG feel is NOT there.and the story is short and unrewarding also. If you like classics like final fantasy, you will not get that type of progression and gameplay. sorry, not worth it. i have no idea why there are so many positive reviews. playing this game more than 1 hour you will see it just sucks."
,Not Recommended,278460,12200908,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Crescendo,"At present time the game gives me no sound whatsoever. I haven't been able to work out a fix, or find one online.Additionally, the developer seems to be ignoring the Steam discussion pages where folks are asking for help with black screen and game sound bugs.I'd like to be able to play this rpg but, until I actually can, I give it a thumbs down."
76561198065979638,Recommended,278460,13762896,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,verstehen,"I really enjoyed Skyborn, which was a nice mix of a pseudo-Steampunk aethetic, genuinely likeable characters, and a story that feels like a smaller-scale version of one of my favorite old-school RPGs Suikoden (more directly Suiko 2). I think the word that most aptly describes the game is ""charming."" The storyline -- a character gets swept up in events beyond their control and ends up joining a rebellion against tyrants -- is one I'm a total sucker for and when you combine that with a female main character, well, I'm sold. This is an RPG-maker game, so you can't expect fantastic graphics (though I thought the character designs were well-done) and Skyborn does have some faults. First of all, the controls can be fairly finicky and I found myself having to switch from keyboard controls (arrow keys) to my mouse (or vice versa) to navigate dungeons. Secondly, Skyborn desperately needs a map function. I spent right around nine hours playing the game and at least two of those hours were spent wandering dungeons aimlessly as I was lost. I appreciated that the dungeons were expansive and even included navigation puzzles but if you're going to do that you've gotta include some sort of map function so the player isn't retreading the same ground. And speaking of maps, a few of the city maps were full of needless obstacles that were more irritating than anything. Finally, as much as I enjoyed the game, I think it's a little over-priced (I bought it on sale). $15 seems a bit much for a 10 hour game, especially when they could have easily added more content in terms of deeper characterization, character backstories, and lore. But if you can catch Skyborn at $10 or less, you like old school RPGs, or want to support developers that create interesting female leads -- definitely worth the money!"
76561197995513565,Recommended,278460,28161013,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,neMesis,"With all the big titles around, games like this are way too often overlooked. Sometimes i just feel the need to dwell a bit in the past and search for a classic RPG-Maker game to play. The advantage of these type of games are that they don't rely on convincing with graphics, but rather on story and gameplay. And this one didn't disappoint me in the slightest.What i liked on SkybornStory & CharactersTake Claret, a rough-acting but soft-hearted Airship mechanist, on her journey to see the world, reveal the truth of the past and to fight the oppression of the Skyborns (the winged masterrace). The characters that you unlock while advancing are all from different backgrounds and are well appealing and authentic.AtmosphereI really liked the Steampunk setting with classic Fantasy elements. The music was really nice and fitting. Although this is a RPG Maker game, you get surprised by some nice Artwork later on in the game.Exploring & Character developmentAlthough the Story is linear the Devs added the ""Exploration Nodes"" that give xp and are hidden at places you won't visit when rushing through the maps. Beside that there are a lot of treasures to find so exploring is a featured part of this game. At 2 points in the game, you have the opportunity to choose from 2 paths, each unlocking different skills for all heroes.Through the game you will pass some areas that have gems on their walls that you can use to craft yourself gear or augment it with bonus stats. In general, there are lots of options to equip your team and augment it with items depending on your playstyle. Beside that there are a few sidequests and an Arena that give you additional bonuses when finishing. I strongly suggest to visit every corner of this game as another task is to collect all 13 Spades cards that are mostly hidden in chests through the whole game. Finishing this will open you a special zone in the venom depths with special loot once you defeated it's keepers.FightingEach character has skills to deal damage and support the group which leaves room for different playstyles overall. This game is heavily built around the Stat""Speed""which determines the order you are able to do actions in fight. Each character has a stat called ""Build (BLD)"" that, once you pass the value, slows you down in fights. So make sure you pay attention which items you equip. The fights itself use a interesting ""Threat"" System which determines which hero will be attacked by the enemy (at least the single target spells/attacks). You augment your threat value when dealing damage or killing an enemy. I adore that you see the enemies on the map so in case you want to advance faster, you can simply avoid the fights. The bossfights all have a twist so thinking and elaborating a strategy is needed in order to defeat them.Interface & MenuThe menu is well-arranged and simple to use. I love the option to deactivate the mouse which gives me the true RPG feeling. You are able to save at any given point of the story, aswell as changing the difficulty whenever you feel it's needed - two options i miss at so many games nowadays.Things, neither good nor badDifficulty differenceAlthough beeing away from classic RPGs for many years i didn't have major problems to beat the game on hard difficulty overall. However at some points the normal fights went like a breeze on hard before advancing to a boss that crushed me completely (Sanddozer comes in mind). God bless that you are able to change the difficulty at any point :)No mapSince this game is quite linear, this option wasn't really needed. But i just sometimes felt a bit lost in the city or when looking for the right merchant, especially at the start.English onlyNot a problem for me, but might be for others.Nobody is perfectStats & Elements not explainedI couldn't find any information ingame concerning the benefits of the ground stats Strenght, Intelligence and Agility. Apparently Strenght determines the damage of the normal attacks, Intelligence determines the damage of all special abilities/skills and Agility increases Evasion and Critical-Hit chance. Apart from the classic physical and magical damage they added the ""Tech"" element/damage. What was a bit troublesome for me is that there was no information which element worked good or bad against the other elements. That left me often with no clue in fights and i had to use the try & error method. Working with resistance on items was at that point a non-factor for me. For enemy attacks you have the possibility to check your own skills (if alrdy unlocked) to see which element it is based and which resistance skill you have to use in case.Buffs don't stack in fightWhen supporting your Team with skills it sometimes happend that 3 Heroes lost a buff after 5 rounds and the 4th still had it on for another turn. When using the same skill again to get the buff up for all Heroes it could happen, that the 4th still lost the buff the round after (since he was alrdy affected from the first buff and the renewed buff didn't apply). The half MP cost didn't stack aswell i think. So when having equipped a ""half MP cost"" item and getting a half MP cost buff from a party member, the spell still costs only half MP and not a quarter of the initial Value.Undo augmentingWhen entering the last stages of the game, make sure to correctly use special augments, like the Spark of Creation, as you are only able to get the base item back when removing augments in case you misused them. The augment itself will be destroyed.Minor thingsWhile you see a speechbubble to accept sidequest you don't have a sign to complete them. So make sure you remember which NPC gave the quest to you. The amount of the same Item is capped at 20 in your inventory, so make sure that you sell gold nuggets for example before you have 20 of them as you need the gold to equip for the last stage of the game :) Also i sometimes had the impression that some augments (Drakonic Tear) and items (Heal Potion that seemed to heal the HP % of the guy who used it, not on whom you used it) didn't work as intended in the description but nothing gamebreaking at all.SuggestionsThis game makes the most fun on hard difficulty as the fights are mostly challenging but doable and equip matters. Use the normal Augments when you get them. Explore everything as the game rewards you for it. This game is also nice for achievement completionists as they are not grindy and well doable. For that goal i recommend to use the different savefiles the game offers on these points of the game to come back on a later stage if you wanna advance in the story:- When meeting your 5ft party member and she starts to talk about her past at the campfire (Trial of Arms which needs to be finished above 30 mins to unlock the achievement - The ingame reward is truly worth completing it)- When finishing the Venom depths and the Spades Cards Special Zonebeforespending the gold and augments to start the final part of the game. This allows you to try others items in case you face problems defeating the Endbosses on hard- When meeting Saehral for the 2nd time in the last part of the game in order to defeat her on hardIn general, the discussion hub on steam is full of helpful topics if you ever encounter problems in this game and the devs are still looking and responding from time to time which is a good sign they care about the game and the people playing it. Despite the few flaws this game has, i had a lot of fun and was encouraged to squeeze the best out of my heroes in order to finish the game on hard. If you have additional questions or suggestions i'll happily answer them in the comment section.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,278460,31660611,Posted: 10 May,all,kilor55,"For an RPG Maker game this ain't bad. Okay, that's being disingenuous and acting like just because it's an RPG Maker game it could never be considered a real game, and that's not a great attitude to have.Though most RPG Maker games are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I guess the same could be said for Greenlight or games in general.Anyway, the game is good. The battle system integrates a ""threat"" system (wherein your tanky character can draw threat while your squishy mage character shoots nuclear fireball) that makes the old school turn based combat feel surprisingly fresh.There is a crafting system that is pretty easy to get the hang of and damn useful, even if I would have liked to be able to see how much of each material I was currently holding without backing out of the crafting menu and opening the field menu everytime.The characters are somewhat cliche, but they are fun and begin to show signs of depth by the end of the game. Which doesn't take long because the game is short. It is damn short. And I don't mean to say that every epic old school RPG must be 80+ hours, the runtime is fine. My issue is that it felt like the story entered its final act way too early. Just felt abrupt, and the final dungeon seemed tacked on. This maybe should have been a trilogy? Ah well, I will just repeat myself: For an RPG Maker game this ain't bad.Also the final boss is♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,278460,12440526,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Galtorn,"Just finished playing through this game. Logged 10 hours on it with searching most areas. It is very well created giving just enough control to the player to feel important, yet not giving options everywhere so you sit thinking over the best option for 5-10 minutes trying to get the best outcomes. The story is certainly a good one and I wish there was more to it. I'm a 90s kid so I enjoyed the game play which is much like an old gameboy game with a top down view of the map which is layered over a background image. There are only 5 characters for your party and the equipment in game is not much varied but really you basically get exactly what you need with only having to choose the fight style of each character.Tip: When you get the apples, use them. They work for the whole party. I sat on my first one till I got the second one cause I thought it was only for one character.A great game to pass the time. I already wanted more of the game, but perhaps it ended with just the right amount of playthrough so it didn't get old before the final boss.P.S. Anyone figure out what beating Saerhel gets you? She is rediculously difficult...Also, I want to know about the Cloaked Man in the end scene."
,Recommended,278460,9622091,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Serp,"This game was pretty fun and is the first good RPG maker game I've played that wasn't done by Freebird.  Here are a few things that stuck out to me:PROS:-lots of polish. plenty of little animations and cinematics that make the game feel more immersive. The character thumbnails are drawn with multiple different facial expressions to be used when appropriate, etc.-characters and writing are both very good. I really enjoyed the dialogue and the storytelling had me really interested in what was happening just minutes into the game. The story isn't groundbreakingly original persay, but I did really enjoy it, and the execution was very good. I felt genuinely interested and invested in what was going on in the Skyborn world all the way through the end.-good combat mechanics - I really had to think about how I was going to equip my characters  and what actions to choose in a battle.CONS- bit pricy. I thought it was worth it personally, but it only took me 15 hours to beat, and a dollar per hour of gameplay seems a lot higher than most games on the market.- very linear. no worldmap to move around on, and only a handful of towns. I usually enjoy games that are more on the linear side, so this will be a bigger con to some people than it is to me.- you'll have to look up the stats online to figure out what they do, or you'll be somewhat blind in choosing how to augment your equipment. As another  reviewer is saying, it's not explained and it's not obvious. Even knowing a little bit, I never quite knew whether I was making the best choices with my equipment, and I made lots of costly mistakes that I couldn't undo without reverting to a save.- enemies wander on the map instead of having random encounters. This would be fine, but when you kill them, they never come back, so if there's a way to grind in this game, I never figured out what it is, which is really frustrating since I couldn't figure out how I was supposed to beat the next guys at the colluseum. I just wasn't strong enough and had no idea how to get stronger. I suppose I could've looked online, but I really prefer to avoid walkthroughs if I can.Overall, excellent game. Engaging story, lovable characters, fun combat, and just the sort of retro RPG experience I was looking for."
76561198007429976,Recommended,278460,16897720,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,RogueDeus,"Preface:It appears, Dancing Dragon Games, developed Deadly Sin as their first commercial release.  Deadly Sin II came shortly after. Their latest, steam available title, is Skyborn. If you play all three games, you will noticed that the underlying battle mechanic and misc. scripts have changed very little between the three. The largest change being the simplification of skill advancement, and the 'GUI' in the battle scene. But the crafting (augments), threat system, etc... All pretty much identical.TL,DR version:Skyborn isn't all that different from its predecessors Deadly Sin I & II, but it is different EXACTLY where it matters the most. I am referring to the story of course... If you've played the other two games and fought a single battle, you've played Skyborn's as well. While it  may look different, battles really aren't in any measurable sense.However, Skyborn has a far superior story line.While it has a few pacing issues that DS1 didn’t suffer (IMO), it is FAR better packaged, along with accompanying graphics and music. This game plays like an interactive movie... A 'B' movie with almost no budget, but respectable movie none the less. This strength outweighs its flaws to where I will recommend it, even to non RPG Maker enthusiasts.Pro:- The Intro is GREAT. (First hour or so)The main character is well spoken, and has very HUMAN reactions (as opposed to typical JRPG tropes) to the nature of her circumstance. The camera movement, NPC introductions, and 'framing' of the events, that sweep you off into an adventure, are spot on. This is without a doubt the best written intro to ANY RPG Maker game to date. (IMO) It is a BIG reason why I recommend it.- Unlike Deadly Sin, the maps are pretty & reasonably designed.One of my biggest gripes with RPGMaker games is the haphazard nature of their maps... And while this developers previous games have been above average (in presentation) they were quite 'typical' in floor plan. Until Skyborn. Yes, it is still very linear, but there aren't nearly as many pointlessly long hallway dead ends, nor inexplicable road blocks.Con:- Difficulty Spikes.Ugh... UGH!! ARGHAHH!!!!!Why is this so difficult for RPG Maker developers to get even SLIGHLY balanced?!?(Read my Deadly Sin review if you want to read my small rant)- One collection side quest - time sink.A flower collecting side quest... /sighThe reward wasn't even worth it... Not in the slightest.- This is Deadly Sin, re-skinned with a new story...If it wasn't such an improvement over the previous titles, this would have counted for more, and likely caused me to not recommend the game... It screams laziness.  It wouldn't be so bad if the game was LONGER and BETTER BALANCED for its complete repeat of the guts of the DS titles. But it's NOT. It actually feels shorter... though that may simply be my bias.(Yes I realize that they made the transition to a newer RPG Maker tool set... It's still no excuse.)Wrap Up:If you liked the Deadly Sin series. Buy this one without hesitation. Even at the MSRP. It was that enjoyable for me.However, if you are NOT a fan of RPG Maker games... This is worth the discounted price IMO. As long as you understand you are not buying a balanced game with satisfying combat. You are buying an interactive novel with a reasonably well done story.That also happens to have JRPG levels of grind."
76561198049944015,Not Recommended,278460,9239394,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,grasharm,"The Good:Story is compelling enough to keep you interested even if the characters are a little 2d personality wise.A threat system that will make MMO players a little more comfortable.The maps, oh the maps, visually pleasing, just challenging enough, but most of all they give you a real thrill to explore.   In a lot of these games I can easly predict which way is the treasure  and which way is the exit.  With this game I found myself exploring maps. Two tumbs up here.The Bad:Short:  I did unessisary grinding, exploration and all the side quests and still finished at under  hours on my first playthrough.Almost 0 replay value: not even a + game option to let you play through again with all your stuff intact.  If you want to play through again you gotta lose all you've don so far and start fresh.  This is made worse by the shortness of the game itself.Crafting:  Normally a plus in this game it's a minus because it is pointless.  9 times out of 10 you are better off selling off the crafting materials and buying the gear that you need in the next town since it is the same stuff you would have crafted anyway and the money you get will go further than if you had made the gear instead of buying it.Side Quests:  I found around 3 of them and I feel confident that I explored enough to say that is close to if not all there are.  If your going to have side quests have a bunch otherwise just skip them.  Much like crafting it felt like they added them out of a sense of duty than out of a real desire to have them be part of the game.The Ugly:The limited number of side quests and crafting options combined with the shortness of the story makes me think DLC.   I hope I'm wrong but the game feels more like a framework that they are planning to add a ton of DLC to flesh out rather than just give us the whole thing from the start.In short good game for under 10 bucks but full price isn't worth it."
76561198026305053,Not Recommended,278460,12788919,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Dryxis,"So I want to start by saying I have not finished this game, nor do I plan to. Overall, it's not a bad game, really. It has a few hiccups here than there you come to expect from indie games such as collision detection issues. For a game created in RPG maker, its really nice.I also noticed when I was dual wielding pistols, and one was very weak the other very strong, but they both hit for the same damage. I don't know if they just calculate the formula then split it that way, or if its really only taking into account one; this was an annoyance when testing weapons.The game itself was pretty fun, I enjoyed the crafting and augmenting system a good deal, the story was pretty nice, and the characters were all solid. It had one major factor that ruined it for me: the difficulty.As i said I havent finished this game, so maybe it gets harder; but I am currently 2 hours into it, and have yet to have any party member die nor have I felt the need to use an item. After two hours I feel I should have something to think about, but instead I have a character with 3 AoEs that an pretty much wipe the map (and this is with pretty bad weapons) and a tank that can always hold aggro and never dies. The bosses are laughably easy, I dont think any of them have brought any of my characters below 80% health.Aside from the mobs being horrendously easy, there is also never a point where you are in danger. All the mobs you can simply ignore and walk past, no line of sight or anything to really worry about, so anytime you are low on health you can just go to one of the various healing points (which are free) and heal up. Their is usually one somewhere in a dungeon, so if you wanted you could go in between every mob you fight. The mobs also don't respawn (not a big deal, since you will never find yourself needing to grind) which is just a personal annoyance of mine.I even gimped myself a bit, i began to not augment things and not really buy any upgrades; hell, two of my characters didn't even use all their gear slots, and I still had no worry at all.If you want a casual game to walk through with a decent story, by all means pick up this game. Just expect to kill all the mobs using the same tactic and never having a real challenge out of it."
76561198092861002,Recommended,278460,29082094,Posted: 7 January,all,maxknowlan,"No single aspect of this game is great, but almost everything important is good.-Plot is good enough to make you want to progress, but not enough to make you excited-Combat system is unique, and involves lots of strategy, but it gets pretty stale-The character design on the women is awesome, but the male characters are bland-Dialogue was charming at some points, annoying at others-Music was good enough to keep me from muting my speakers, but not good enough to listen to on its own-Sidequests were interesting, but few of them existedOther things to consider-Battles aren't random, but you can only fight each enemy once. Griding isn't an option, but the difficulty was scaled well enough that you didn't need it. I rarely grind, but I know some people like having the option.-It's a short game. I liked that it didn't drag on, but other people might feel ripped off.My only complaints are that the augmenting system for equipment doesn't make it any more fun, and the white magic is borderline useless."
,Recommended,278460,28472359,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,El Botijo,"I am surely late to the party. Anyhow, let me comment on this game I played til the end.You shall expect a game that looks and feels like a menu driven JRPG game made twenty or thirty years ago. Except that it might be slightly unfocused. I was expecting a more thorough story and probably more elaborate mechanics in place.Technically, the game looks good in most places. Steampunk artwork is nice, fantasy artwork is so and so. It does not support gamepads, and mouse support seems odd. Click to move is not intuitive and combat menus are aligned per character, so the mouse pointer will travel a lot. There is the odd situation where a combat menu might be hard to recognize due to the busy monster portrait.Music has a punch. Its transition from battle music to world music is sharp and correct. I remember one world music that starts with some drums.Getting back to the mechanics, let me cite a few ones. You start with one that is the forge. You can create items for each character, including the fifth character in the party hours before it is available. There is no indication on what exactly you are going to create, or even if it is random or not. Apart from forging, you can augment weapons. Think of a 1 slot augmentation, with previous augments being lost forever. There are town shops, but these are not very useful most of the time, as you usually have better gear or a lot of currency. Characters do have an extra stat that is how much weight they can carry on equipped gear. Other games do restrict items per class, and that would not be too bad here. Not so here. Your magical user may equip the heaviest of armor if you so desire, at the possible penalty of being slow in combat. The thing is, the game does not tell warn you if the gear is too heavy. You need to get into the status screen in order to check that.The story is OK, with no special highlights for me. There are, at least, no annoying characters. Exposition on various themes is somewhat short. It is usually concentrated in few sentences, all given at the same time.I will only recommend the game to anybody that likes old-style JPRGs. Skyborn is a nice game, but it is too anchored in the past to me."
,Recommended,278460,29669649,Posted: 3 February,all,riotscythe13,"Lovely game if you're into RPGs. The story and characters are fun with a mix of steampunk and fantasy. Can be played in 1-2 days. The only downside was, that the game crashed a lot when I played it, though other people don't seem to have had that issue, so it might be my system."
,Recommended,278460,24039483,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Toastasaurus Rex,"It's a beautiful little RPGMaker game, visually wonderful and interesting, makes good use of assets both new and familliar.The turn-based combat is very satisfying. Interesting to wrap your head around, and really does kick your butt every once in awhile. The strongest part is the focus on managing a ""Threat"" system that's basically enemy aggro, and it's consistently interesting to try to sequence and control the battle to manage it properly.The story isn't wolrd-shattering, but I definitely enjoyed it- it has its slower points, and some plot points feel a bit half-baked, but the world is consistent and interesting and beautifully visualized, and there were a couple of parts of the story, one dungeon and its surrounding regions in particular, that really knocked my socks off. All of the major characters are distinct and interesting, and I never once felt like the story was wasting my time.I had a lot of fun with it, enjoyed the ride, have a reasonable few complaints here and there, but also no regrets about paying for it- It's a fun one if you just want to kick back and enjoy some satisfying turn-based combat and go along for the ride with a story that, while solid, isn't particularly revolutionary, though neither does it feel like it's too cliche."
76561198052262741,Recommended,278460,24069401,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KGA Nu Matrix,"TL:DR This game gets a 6/10 aka slightly above average. A time killer but not a particularly memorable one.As far as RPG Maker games go, the game is pretty well done. Characters are interesting. Combat is a basic turn-based system with an augment system you can toy with. Music is ok but not Iconic or anything. I really only have two main gripes with the game.One is the story/character development. The characters are interesting but many things that you feel should be elaborated on or explored are sat aside and never touched again. That unfortunately leaves you with questions that never end up being answered. That leads to my second issue which is-The Game is a little too short. I'm glad its too short instead of too long but I really feel like entire arcs are missing from the game that would have been interesting to see play out. It ultimately leads to a somewhat unsatisfying conclusion.All in all, I did enjoy playing the game though it's ultimately never gonna be played again. I bought this game at full price but I recommend buying it while it's on sale."
76561198141822912,Recommended,278460,28973821,Posted: 3 January,all,EverlastingD,"It is a decent RPGMaker game - and relatively cheap on sale. I spent 20+ hours playing it online and offline. I didn't realise that achievements are only unlocked if you are connected to steam. 100% achievements should take >10 hours.The game's best asset is its level design. You are always rewarded for exploring the beaten tracks. There is also a lot of attention to detail to distinguis nicely every area.Unfortunately the game is lacking in a lot of aspects (combat, classes, character development, ...) and has a few missed opportunities. For instance the crafting feature is neat as you have to collect the materials throughout the world, but this feature feels useless except for high-end weapons.If you are looking for a decent gaming experience with an old-school flair, then Skyborn will be a good pick-up. Despite the flaws I mentionned, I actually enjoyed Skyborn a lot."
76561198055239225,Recommended,278460,21523098,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Greyshe_wolf,"Very cute and engaging RPG that reminded me a lot of Chrono Trigger, especially the sounds. I nearly played it through in one sitting it grabbed me that well. While I would have liked it to be a little longer it still is well worth a go for people looking for an enjoyable story driven RPG."
76561198081145223,Recommended,278460,34767579,Posted: 5 September,all,Liquid-Divinium,"I love this game.I love the story, I love the setting, I love the Steampunk, I love the Threat mechanic, I love the characters (HOLY *** I LOVE THE CHARACTERS), I love the writing, the graphics are alright I guess, I love the lore, I love the music and the fights and charm and the gears and the steam and the punk and......Ahem. Don't let the fact it's an RPG Maker game (and a pretty short one, at that) fool you into thinking this is nothing special. It IS something special, very special indeed. And I love it...if you couldn't tell.[More Informative Pros and Cons]+Gameplay is easy to pick up and get used to+Music is pretty chill+Characters are all likeable and well-written+Story's also pretty well-written+Lore is quite deep+Proper Steampunk atmosphere+A ton of sidequests and the like to do+Optional Arena. Always a bonus.+Threat mechanic is pretty unique+Doesn't overstay its welcome+""This man is such a tool, I could repair this airship with him"". Classic.-Gameplay is a bit generic outside of the Threat mechanic-The Threat mechanic itself isn't used as much as one would like - only one of the five characters has the ability to raise Threat at will-Things aren't told to the player well in some minor cases-No Map Screen, which makes backtracking and exploring a little difficult-One of the sidequests doesn't seem to be working properly-Graphics are pretty meh-Minor difficulty spikes-Ending is a bit out of left-field-The last area in the game is a bit of a slogRating: 7/7"
76561198008966025,Recommended,278460,26328728,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,bluemage27034,"This was fun. It's a fairly short, but well put together RPG Maker game. I enjoyed playing and thought it was a good little romp. I think it only took 7ish hours to complete, but, considering I got it for $2, I'll call that a win."
,Recommended,278460,26499614,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MeteorEyes72,"Loved the story, Art style, and gameplay. I just really wish the game was longer!!"
,Recommended,278460,33017453,Posted: 29 June,all,Stormslay,"Typically RPG games like this don't really hold my attention for more than 10 minutes, and I've spent a lot of money on games like this.  Skyborn has not only held my attention, but found a special place in my heart most games don't make their way into.  By far, this game has become my new favourite, and wouldn't mind giving money for more game content."
76561198032350390,Recommended,278460,33335817,Posted: 7 July,all,TailBlade,"The main selling point here is the story and the characters.  Claret, the main heroine, is a lot of fun.  The dynamics between the main party members are cute and amusing.  There are a few holes in the plot, but I forgive it because it has a narrative structure with a beginning, a middle, and an end, and it actually has multiple characters go through arcs over the course of the story.I also enjoyed the visual aesthetic, which is a mix of steampunk and, like, kind of a JRPG interpretation of magical fey and fantasy monsters.  Granminster/New Stormrook is a neat city to explore, and I like the way all of the main characters look.Gameplay-wise, it's basically a JRPG.  I haven't played many other RPG Maker titles, but I get the impression the combat here is pretty standard for an RPG Maker game.  The most interesting features to me were (1) placing augmentations in equipment to try to optimize the loadout for each party member, and (2) managing the threat/aggro meter to keep the enemies' attention focused on the tank (poor Sullivan...).  My biggest complaint about the combat system is that the game doesn't contain instructions, and there are some important things that you just have to figure out for yourself, like the fact that each character has a weight limit (WGT) that determines how much equipment they can carry before they start taking a penalty.  My second biggest complaint is that the gameplay doesn't change enough to let you experience the fun thing that Claret does in act three.  I don't want to spoil anything, but she has a fun plan -- I just wish the gameplay did more to let you experience it yourself more directly.Overall, my reaction to most aspects of this game is that it's got great concepts, but I wish they'd had the budget and resources to develop things further.  I personally hope that someday they'll be able to remake this game with 3D graphics and actual animations and cutscenes.  I also hope Brittany Fuerst continues writing video game stories, as I really enjoyed her work here.I give Skyborn a thumbs up, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to play an RPG with a fun story and a fun cast of characters."
76561198401578125,Recommended,278460,34419679,Posted: 22 August,all,sarama.chris,This is the first RPG maker game that I've played that was truly a good game. It's not without it flaws but the good outweighs the bad.A simple pro / con list won't do for this game but I will do my best to give it a good critique and makes some suggestions for the developer.The most outstanding thing about this game is the writing. This is far above average writing for an RPG Maker game. The story is interesting enough to keep your attention and the characters are well developed. The pacing of story is great too. There isn't much downtime where you have to grind or do sidequest in order to catch up your character levels so you can progress.The two problems this game suffers from are the combat and level design.The combat is hit or miss. The enemies feel either too powerful or too weak. This is a simple balance fix and minor issue.The level design is good in some areas then rather bland in others. You'll see a lot of randomly placed repeating wood bridges through out the game. It looks like the developer got tired of level design and started slapping them together as fast as possible in some parts of the game.The levels would look nicer if more variety of walking paths where used instead of generic wood bridges everywhere.Other than that the game is solid and I think it deserves 4 of 5 stars.
,Recommended,278460,26242750,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Moonface,Thoroughly enjoyed this game. If you like those old school style turn based JRPGS with a good developing story then you're in for treat!
,Recommended,278460,31595561,Posted: 6 May,all,KayDuckula,"This game had all of the essentials a classic and well-defined RPG should have. It had a beautiful soundtrack, great character graphics, amusing and emotional game dialouge, and a easily-learned turn-based combat system. Although the game story was relatively short, it has great potentional for another playthrough for side quests! Definitely one of the top games I've played using RPG-Maker--if not the top! Totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,278460,9228487,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,zwanglos,"Time to completion: 9 hours total, though not including side stuff you can do (I didn't bother).It's an alright game, nothing spectacular but worth the 8 bucks I paid for it.You WILL need to run this in windowed mode, though - something about the fullscreen resolution was seriously painful on the eyes, perhaps a staggered frames-per-second rate or a lack of motion blur as the map panned across, I'm not sure. It looks fine in windowed mode, just significantly smaller. If you ever played an emulated version of FF6 you're probably used to that sort of thing.The character/monster art is nice enough, story is solid enough to be enjoyable, music is fine.Main complaint is that it felt pretty easy. Most of the fights I was just able to mash the attack buttons until badguys died. I was able to spam status debuffs on the final bossfights and pretty much completely incapacitate them while I would just wail away on them for about 20 minutes straight. Very straight-forward and easy stuff, not much of a challenge at any point of the game.As a side note: I'm talking about the main campaign. As mentioned there's 'side stuff' I didn't explore that seems like it would be tougher, so you can explore that if it's your thing, I just didn't have interest in it by the time I had gotten towards the end of the campaign.Ideal price would be around $10, $15 is a little too much for this game."
76561198037962242,Recommended,278460,9243803,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sinful,"I really love this game.  It's simple.  It's old-school.  It's turn based.  While these are amazing things in and of themselves, they combine to make a very lovely, relaxing game here.The story doesn't blow you away, sure.  It is fun and enjoyable though.  Satisfies nostalgic feelings for RPG's from my childhood.Characters are fun and relatable.  Battle is a cake walk until you select ""Hard"".  Then you're actually in for a bit of a fun challenge.  This is one of the few games I actually can find excitement to play lately.  There's just something satisfying about it.  I purposefully engage every enemy (enemy sprites move around the map and you can avoid them if you desire to do so), and don't find it to feel tired and repetitive thus far.Weapons and armor are augmentable and there is actually some thought required to be optimal, which is a nice change.That having been said, I would not pay $15 for this game.  At all.  I find the sale price to be perfectly reasonable however.  I even feel that it's a worthwhile purchase in that price range and would buy it again in a heart beat.There's a certain zen-like simplicity to this game, its combat and music, that just make it very relaxing and surprisingly addictive.Stop thinking about it and buy it already!To the Devs, thank you so much for this! I really hope you have more things in the works!"
,Recommended,278460,9220700,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"If FF is a 10 Skyborn is a definite 8. Fun, engaging characters and storyline. Linear but fun.EDIT: More I play the more I love it, 9/10"
,Recommended,278460,11251319,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,^Venusian Fleshtrader,"Highlights one of the main problems i have with the JRPG(or more specific Final Fantasy and all its offshoots) genre. Decent game with unfortunately 0 originality or innovation,especially in dungeon design, that is also extremely short (8-10 hours) and easy (even on Hard the extra difficult optional boss did not manage to ko me once). All this makes it hard to recommend the game for 15.Only if you're a die-hard fan and its on sale somehow."
76561198025625585,Recommended,278460,18711116,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JuiceboxBunny,"This game started very strong for me. I fell in love with the characters and the plot was pretty good and got me ready to see what adventures the game had in store for me.However, by the addition of the fith party member it started to feel... rushed. Characters started to contridict themselves and it felt a bit flat. The whole story was like a beginners arc to a much larger story but pushed itself straight into SURPRISE this is the end of the world as we know it and you have to save it.I wouldn't say that it should have been much longer, but for me it felt a bit lacking.The battle system was unique but I found it a little frustrating when a party memeber is a dedicated healer and enemies can hardly do %20 of a member's HP. Also, you don't really HAVE to do much battling if you like to explore maps because if you do you will find glowing orbs of exp that will keep you up to speed with most bosses. I copletely ignored my equipment until the end of the game and still beat the final boss in under 10 minutes. (who was only announced right before his appearance) kinda underwhelming.OverallI did enjoy the first %75 of the game and felt like buying it on sale was not a waste of time or money. I would suggest it to others if they could get passed a rushed ending and simple battle mechanic."
,Recommended,278460,24026499,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,airbat,"I like the game. It does most of the things you'd expect, has likable characters, airships, magic and quite a lot of nice and touching moments. And funny ones too. The art is good and the soundtrack even more so! Would recommend to friends.That said, the game's sorta oldschool. You don't get much in terms of ""refinements"" or ""annoyance removers"" such as, say, aniimation cancelling when picking up stuff with an animation (iron etc.) and there's no map or minimap.Battles are so-so, but they can be buggy sometimes (enemies using attacks with no name or visual effect, for example). There is no 'sense', you just guess what sort of magic might be useful most of the time.It's also somewhat short. While the story's enjoyable, it feels like there hasn't been enough time for detailed chara-devel and story-devel. Some tips are somewhat misleading (like apples - they don't change your class. They upgrade it etc. ).But enough of that. Game's definitely worth getting if you want to play a short, nice, steampunk-ish RPG :)"
76561198137833038,Recommended,278460,13941690,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pansy,"This game is a brilliant choice if you're highly into storylines, there are battles and questing but it isn't meaningless. with the promising plot-twist near the beginning and a few near the end this game is all about the story, each character has a touching background. I personally love this game."
76561198014804674,Recommended,278460,12330418,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Valsodar,"Playing Skyborn was like old home week, with a sound track remeniscent of Chrono Trigger and a story that was engaging, and fun. It was my first experience with anything produced on the RPGMaker engine and honestly made me want to not only dive into  more games based on it, but start projects of my own. My onlly two complaints are that the game could have used MORE AIRSHIPS!...and also that i wish it were longer, but that's the mark of a good title I suppose, it leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,278460,12156339,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Comus_182,Steampunk setting is absolutely awesome.  Party mechanics work incredibly well together.  The retry option in battle is great as well...makes failure not as bad!  All in all an awesome game!
,Recommended,278460,20884958,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,devPA BalanceMan,"Great art, challenging fights (should you choose so), nice alloy of steampunk and magic. Enjoyed immensely."
,Recommended,278460,29585750,Posted: 30 January,all,NyappiCat,"Absolutely adore this game and its story. It has the traditional turn based combat system that RPGs normally do, and balances it well with the plot and side quests. The graphics are great and the music is amazing as well. The only negative thing I would have to say about this game is that some of the bosses were ridiculously OP, even if you grind and beat almost every enemy in the game. Totally recommend it though! :)"
76561198121793114,Recommended,278460,29615890,Posted: 31 January,all,aceofdoom,really liked the game. only problem was that i was forced to use the arrow keys instead of awsd.
76561197975845420,Recommended,278460,29554353,Posted: 28 January,all,Not John Malkovich,Nice little basic romp.
76561198035760197,Recommended,278460,29663359,Posted: 2 February,all,Lindsey,"Great game. It has a nice quality, nice soundtrack. Rpgmaker games are becoming increasingly commonplace, and unfortunately the uality is largely subpar to put it lightly. This game shows genuine quality, an okay plot, and enjoyabe if repetitive gameplay. The forging is a little underdeveloped, but overall, very happy with the game."
,Recommended,278460,13767097,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ZDreamer,"I enjoy this game a lot.Writing is very good, looks nice, item upgrades and crafting keeps gameplay interesting.I used WindowedBorderlessGaming program for  avoiding RPGMaker limitations (it's locked to 800*600 and does not scale to 16:9 full-screen correctly)."
,Recommended,278460,26742905,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,{PK} HastyPixels,"The last thing I expected was to lose to the final boss thanks to my own mismangement of resources. Be warned: Monsters do not respawn, and you must husband your experience points and abilities carefully.The Good News- Forging gives you the ability to enhance your gear as often as you like- Claret's pretty cute- Sharp character designs with interesting backgrounds- Beautiful, orchestral soundtrackThe Bad News- You can complete this very short game and fail to win- Claret's personality is written with flare but not much depth- Where's the character development? The hook, but no sinker?- Too much reverb, themes don't quite express the scenesRecommendation- Buy it on sale for a short jaunt in a brightly colored world of opppression."
,Recommended,278460,35287169,Posted: 29 September,all,Xaiphin,"I bought this forever ago, finally got around the playing it and just finished it.Though I highly recommend playing it, I suggest going in with an open mind.The game was nice, but, it felt far too linere and a lot of questions went unanswered.A lot more could have been done and a lot more story and lore could have been put in place.  Though it feels like only half the story, it was enjoyable and the characters memorable.Will there be a second game? I hope so... I want to know what happens next, and (not a spoiler, no specifics mentioned) will the ""Unknown"" cloaked figure and the empress ever find happiness together... *daydream* I hope so..."
76561198028655071,Recommended,278460,24321778,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,barrackar,"A short entertaining JRPG. This is unique enough to distinguish itself among JRPGs but lacks sufficient depth in the story and length of game-play to establish it as a classic. A good indie-style game worth trying if you like JRPGs.I would rate it at 4/5, pretty good."
,Recommended,278460,24429831,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,3vad127,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. As far as RPGs go, it's in a classic style that's easy to understand.However, there are a few criticisms I have. As a new player, I absolutely blew it on my stats the first time I tried to play the game, and I got so frustrated because I couldn't understand what I was doing wrong. While you always have a quest going, the game doesn't tell you that you need to explore and/or do sidequests to grind enough levels, farm materials, and find gear to advance in the main quest line. If you're a newbie like me, keep that in mind.On the positive side, the storyline was engaging, the characters were wonderful, and I found myself pleasantly surprised by the plot a couple of different times. I only wish it were longer because it was a great experience."
,Recommended,278460,24726382,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jiamdead,"For some reason, this game just clicked with me. I liked everything about it, the characters, the writing, the art, the setting, the music... I'm no super RPG expert or anything, but I can recommend this game if you're a fan of casual RPG's, a fan of the steampunk genre and/or airships, and like well thought out and imagined story lines. Battles felt balanced and weren't too difficult if properly geared with the right skills, in normal mode. (I never play in Hard mode, as I'd rather casually pass the time with an enjoyable play session than stress out over every battle I encounter, and this is with any RPG.)  I just wish this game had a direct sequel. With the amount of positive reviews Skyborn has received, it's well worth the cost, especially if you catch it or the Dancing Dragon bundle on sale."
,Recommended,278460,25007639,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,UltimaCJ,"For an RPG Maker game, it was really good.  Very straight forward.Cons:  Very little side content/bonus content (other than difficulty settings/and a bonus boss on the way there that requires massive grinding to beat).Somewhat short 12 hours but not a con if you're not all about timeEnemies don't respawn after killing them, so I'm wondering how you get more levels than intended?Characters didn't have a lot of ablities not a lot of varartion.VERY short credit roll give music and resources used!Lots of RTP resources used but that's hardly a negative.Pros:  Cute story and enjoyable.  Love the diveristy moral the game presents at the end.Good musicAtmosphere was good reminded me of Secert of Evermore from SNES.Interesting way to handle MP.Innovative threat battle system.Overall got my 5 bucks from the sale worth.  Was a very decent RPG Maker game and I'd recommend it to anyone."
76561198065011816,Recommended,278460,26347582,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zoober,Well made short JRPG with some enjoyable dialog.  If you enjoy 'em you will likely enjoy this.
,Recommended,278460,24993886,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,爱歌,"My second review!Due to my CARELESS mistake and poor memory, I missed a CERTAIN acheivement (I'm glaring at you Trial of Arms) and thus had to replay the whole game again. Thankfully it isn't a tedious grinding game system so it didn't took long enough to reach the barrack trials. I brought this during sale season, and I must say, I'm actually quite impressed with the art ad graphics.Artwork / Graphics: 10/10Marvelous! Awesome! Wow! Fantastic! Magnifique! Sugoi! There are plenty of RPG Maker games around, but very few can achieve the power of beautiful custom-made sprites to make them look real and alive, and Skyborn is one of those games that just.. nailed it.Story: 7/10Truthfully, I felt the ending was abit of a disappointment. Don't get me wrong. The plot itself is wonderful, but the ending feels kind of rushed to me... or maybe I simply just didn't like the ending HAHAHAHA!Soundtrack: 4.5/10The music fits the atmosphere very well, especially the Skyborn industrial area. Other than that, the music doesn't really have anything special at all and is easily forgettable.Characters: 6.5/10She's the man! ... correction, woman. Claret isn't one of those FMC that needs to be protected like a damsel in distress. In fact, she could probably one hit KO you with her gun. No I'm not joking. I was a little disappointed with Chaska's personality. I think this is probably due to the lack of story events revolving around her other than that golem and fey stuff. Corwin feels like one of those aloof type and the story didn't exactly portray much information between his relationship with Sullivan and Claret. Sullivan? Perfect.Overall: 7/10At the end of the day, people don't buy RPG Maker games because of the sound system. Most of the time, people could hardly care about the graphics and artwork itself. Once in awhile, we'd be amazed with the sprites and all but other than that, the most important feature and selling point is the story and battle system. I would recommend Skyborn to anyone who love typical old-school RPG games but can't stand grinding system (like me lol)."
76561198229275376,Recommended,278460,26350452,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,shenge86,"This is probably one of the best RPG games made on RPGMaker that I have ever played. Another one that I enjoyed as much is Eternal Senia. The storyline, characters, graphics, and music are all charming. Best yet, you can avoid the monsters so you don't have to have endless battles (unless you want to). There's also very little grinding needed to go from one boss to the next which is great. Now, is the game worth the full cost? In my view, no. The main reason I say this is not because I don't like the game but because the game can be beat in less than 20 hours. I bought it on sale which was completely worth it."
76561198064649645,Recommended,278460,30965571,Posted: 5 April,all,TanteiKID13,"I enjoyed Skyborn. I played it through with all the side quests completed and side areas explored, played the ending through twice to get an additional achievement, which adds about two hours to my playtime. I also meandered around a little, messing about with equipment and augments. I'm not particularly skilled at games, so I expect someone more experienced would take a shorter amount of time to run through it.I'm mostly interested in story and characters, so it was interesting to be caught up in a revolution, and I adored the main cast of characters. The game doesn't really have romance, although it was teased throughout, so the ending wasn't quite satisfying for me, and it opened up a fascinating possible plot thread that didn't really get addressed. Story-wise though, it was a good ending, with the main plot being wrapped up in a satisfying way.It's a fun game, though I would recommend getting it on sale."
76561197985685797,Recommended,278460,33163754,Posted: 2 July,all,The_Hoff,"This is a neat little RPG that is quite well done.  I realize this is an RPG Maker game, and let's face it there is a lot of RPG Maker garbage games out there, but this is not one of them.  You can tell that the developers put serious time and effort into this game.  I liked that I was able to beat it in 7 hours.  It didn't drag and kept moving the story along.  Also the price was right (steam sale).  I give it a thumbs up!"
,Recommended,278460,26392882,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,LordFoobar,"Great game! Good graphics, nice game mechanics (weapon crafting, ""augment"" powerups, interesting combat system, etc.), and interesting--though somewhat a little predictable--story. I would've liked more maps, and a longer story, with some more plot twists and tragedies. It feels as if the end was rushed... This is no Final Fantasy, but overall I do recommend the game because I enjoyed it, still."
,Recommended,278460,31478707,Posted: 30 April,all,Druiddan,"I wasn't expecting much going in and I was very plesantly suprised. Skyborn is one of the best RPG's that I've played. Engaging combat, great story, a real gem."
76561198136772663,Recommended,278460,33418900,Posted: 9 July,all,WolfPrincess,"I have not played many games like this on steam or in general to be honest with all of you up front. But, it shows on my record that I have played this for a good amount of time and I have. But, most of that has been in the main menu and trying to figure out how to play this game and to get used to it. But, once I did get that figured out I got to explore more of this game.P.S. I have not read any reviews of this game, besides seening the overall reviel of this game and all of the videos, pictures and info about game in generalOf what I have played of this game so far I do love it and am going to play it more. As I do want to see more of this world, and characters that are in it and find out as much as I can about it and talk to everyone inside of it. There is so much more that I have to learn and find out about this world that has this story connected to it.Going though the story has been so very insteresting and very funny and certain parts. Just slowly reeling me in and making me want to play it more and see how this all goes for all of the characters that you meeyt along the way. Which ones will stay till the end, which ones will leave you for one reason or another....good or bad....or in my case so far (of what I know of) who is the one that is behind all of this in the first place."
76561197972328112,Recommended,278460,34406305,Posted: 21 August,all,CapriciousCancer - Arlyeon,"RPG makers are a fundamental part of my childhood. I remember being ecstatic when rpgmaker 2k came out, and I voraciously devoured story after story from different developers, some good, some great, and some that were severely lacking. (And was subjected to a rather broad array of tilesets, soundtracks, and battle systems that either made or broke the rest of the gaming experience).Skyborn is one of those rpg makers that is altogether solid on all these fronts. While the story does not undergo any sort of labyrithine plot path with twists and turns at every step, it -is- well written, and has fairly enjoyable characters. Also, it's got some pretty nice character art, for those into that, and the music had me occasionally harkening to my days playing SNES rpgs, which hit me in the warm fuzzies.System wise, however, the game hooked me, solidly. The developer was nice enough to include a difficulty setting that can be changed in between fights (For those who are there for the story), and the hard mode definitely had some challenging encounters, especially as the game carried on. The skills characters had, and later could develop via class choices were satisfying, and I was altogether pleased at combat in the game in general, as it felt fairly balanced.And then there was the crafting and augmenting system. Whilst the crafting of armour was always the same, (and could give you a relatively gold efficient leg up in power early on), weapons can be reinforced twice over, costing more materials, but providing you with a power boost that frequently could match up to the next rank of material, and far better than the shops themselves could provide (Providing you a genuine reason to explore and plunder the map). That, and being able to augment and customize your weapon, shield, and armour with varying stat boosts and effects was nice, because end game wise I had a tank that hit like a train (Whenever his turn eventually rolled around), and a claw wielder running around with a dodge rate of 81% and a similar critical hit rating.There's definitely some interesting options at the players disposal, and some fun little sidequests to do in the sideline. Ultimately, if you're a fan of RPG maker games, this one will be likely up your alley."
76561198063300679,Recommended,278460,31388458,Posted: 26 April,all,Dark Wolf,"Very fun, straight forward, clasic style rpg. Characters are interesting, plot is interesting, music is good. FOr an RPGM game, this is well done. Its not very pricy, i'd say its worth even the full 15 bucks."
76561197985253346,Recommended,278460,13297189,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Liao,"A neat little story in a cute little game. Nothing fancy here, worth about 7 hours of playing.Not much more to say here, it's nice to have games of such a compact format that don't take ages to finish.I, for one, am satisfied with it."
,Recommended,278460,9278587,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tron,A decent adventure to pass the time with. uses the RPG maker engine so expect similar elements to that of basic rpg combat.
76561198105067399,Recommended,278460,24043599,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BirdEn,When the game ended I cried but still I cannot see this game
,Recommended,278460,9230241,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Evilnut,"Skyborn is a classic JRPG with good story, characters and music. I completed it in 9 hours skipping some optional content; can't really complain for the price right now (50% off - $7.49 USD).Made using RPGMaker 11, which should tell you a lot.Combat is not complex; turn-based with an action sequence queue. Buff/debuff and equipping too heavy items will change the order. Some actions take multiple turns to execute. You have skills using two kinds of resources: Mana, which regenerates slowly, and Energy, which always starts at 0 increases by hitting or getting hit. Enemy AI reacts to threat - a displayed percentage indicating how dangerous you are. There are skills to manage threat, which in a nutshell means you dedicate a party member to be the official punching bag.There are no random encounters; enemies patrols the map which you can choose to evade. Once killed they will not come back. This also means you cannot grind for levels.You have the standard item shop and treasure chests; also a simple crafting system. You can collect ores and craft weapons and armors (the protagonist is a mechanic), which is not really useful as it only allows you to get the next tier of items a little earlier. Then there is an augment system, which allows a one-time insertion of various bonus into weapon/armor. You can pretty much ignore both though; you are given new items quite frequently so you can get by without any crafting.Each character starts with a predefined class; during the course of the game you get two promotions for everyone, giving you different skills to use.You can change combat difficulty from easy to normal to hard anytime you want; I have it set at normal the whole game, and combat is generally very easy with the exception of some optional fights... two of which I didn't complete, as you cannot grind in this game."
76561198067571487,Recommended,278460,9243288,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nonsensei,"This game feels a lot like the older Final Fantasy games, particularly FF6. The story holds together well enough. It's a little predictable, but the characters are likable and the action is compelling enough.It's short, which is either a positive or a negative depending on your point of view. Took me about 12 hours to do a full clear on hard, though honestly, that was mostly due to a lot of backtracking to get items I missed along the way. Average playthrough should be around 7-10 hours. Even fully geared, the final bosses were pretty challenging, especially the last boss who has an autowipe spell.For those complaining about how crafting is useless, you can build +2 weapons and armor through crafting and stack an additional +4 enchantment on top of them, making them better than the best gear in the game.Anyway, it's a fun game to waste a weekend on, especially if you're feeling nostalgic for RPGs from the SNES era."
76561198052402686,Recommended,278460,9224899,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Cribby the Fish,"This game has a nice, old take on the classic RPG games like earthbound, for its combat. The story is rather easy to follow and piece information together since it dosnt throw too much at you at a time, give or take a few bits. A few complaints are that there is not too much in terms of interaction with things in the world, only switches and people and doors. and it begins to be very easy when you get the full party. It also lagged a bit during the walk-around bits, but it may have just been my computer, and there seems to not be any settings for graphics either. The people in the world all seem somewhat interesting, but it only foucuses on a few of the party members, and the NPC's backstories are little to none, give or take some important NPC's All in all i think it is a good game, well worth my money but it could be better in some areas."
76561198131727846,Recommended,278460,31059704,Posted: 10 April,all,Evelovespancakes,"Cool story and easy gameplay. It's very short. Perfect for a lazy evening. The mechanics are simple and don't evolve a lot and the story has a lot of missed potential, but yeah... it's a very short game so it didn't really bother me.If you're interested: buy the game on sale! It's definitly worth giving a shot, but I wouldn't pay more dan €7.50."
76561198090899901,Recommended,278460,34338800,Posted: 18 August,all,ShinraVeteran,"Great level design, enjoable 10 hour story, wonderful elements of old school jrpgs like arena,augmentation of gear, subclasses etc, great music and atmosphere and many more things that make this game pretty much the best rpgmaker I have played. Really felt like I was playing one the great jrpg back in the day, the feeling of and adventure reaching its climax in the last battle. This one differentiates itself from the other rpgmaker on so many basis. They pretty much nailed it with this one, will be looking forward to their next games."
76561198058947105,Not Recommended,278460,31432666,Posted: 28 April,all,rainjay,"I don't recommend this game solely because of the price tag. If it were set at $5 (I bought it at 5 on sale) instead of $15, then it's worth the money. But I wouldn't spend $15 on this game.I'm unsure of who made it, but it feels like it was made by 1-3 people at most. There are very few side quests (I counted maybe 5 actual side quests), and the game itself isn't very long at all (and you can buy much more expansive games for less)--minus some tedius bonus areas, I'm at the point of no return and have been playing leisurely on normal. The balance between gameplay and storytelling is shot. It begins as a cutscene dump, and then shifts towards fairly lengthy exploring with intensely tedious combat (hence why I'm debating whether or not I'm going to bother with the bonus areas). Additionally, I've encountered several scene-changing entryways that route you back to the start of the same (or of different!) scenes. A few of these might have been intentional, but felt more like laziness, while a few were definitely accidental. There isn't a lot of open exploration and most of the levels shephard you to the end goal (though a few are very open and confusing until you've wandered for a bit, and you are rewarded for checking out every nook and cranny!), with the exception of the end game levels, which you aren't really introduced to at all (I didn't realize there was anywhere else to go pre-end game until I looked it up).However, the story is decent with fair characters and alright dialogue. The mechanics are balanced, although there isn't much in the way of armor/weapons (and there doesn't really need to be). It has a few cool mechanics I haven't seen in other RPGs, but the game is so short it doesn't really utilize these mechanics to their full potential. I liked the use of some puzzle-type mechanics in the levels as well.For the most part, it's a worthwhile $5 game for up to about 20 hours of entertainment while you're watching TV or something, but I wouldn't pay the full price for it. It's got the basics of a good game but lacks length, exploration and depth. You can get a copy of Aveyond, a much much better game (the first one is the one you want to get) for less (depending on where you buy it)."
76561198056601499,Recommended,278460,29736589,Posted: 5 February,all,Excele Xodus Kurokami,"Alright, I really like this game and all. (Chaska is cute) The problem is that I haven't gotten a single achievement in spite of having just opened the door in the volcano. Anyone else have this problem? It wouldn't be the first time I've been shafted by software."
76561198100218427,Recommended,278460,9264659,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Bennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn,AWESOME GAME.
,Recommended,278460,9364417,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Leopard305,"This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. The storyline is enthralling, filled with original ideas and plenty of plot twists and turns. The games art is beautiful. Every time I battled against a new monster I simply marvelled at its beauty. The characters were incredible. They didn't feel like little pixels on the screen, they felt like they could be real people, as they were so incredibly well developed. My only qualm about the game is that towards the end, it felt rushed. Like the developers had all these wonderful ideas, but just shoved them in at the end.9/10 Well worth playing!"
76561198007311622,Recommended,278460,20617971,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,sffrrrom,"I'm apparently the 1000th review for Skyborn - fitting since this is my first review on Steam ever, despite playing thousands of hours and owning more than a hundred games. I have to give it two thumbs up - great gaemplay and visuals, but above all else wonderful characters and an engaging story that managed to feel tight yet satisfying. My only complaint might be that the game is a little on the short side - I finished in roughly 10-11 hours on the hardest difficulty setting with pretty much every possible thing done. But while usually I hate getting into a game that doesn't last 20-25 hours at minimum, Skyborn felt like a joy for every hour; by far the best commercial indie/RPGMaker of the 6-7 I've played. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,278460,9463011,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,aRationalMoose,"This Game is great, i highly recommend it. But, it's not worth 15$."
,Recommended,278460,9243007,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Draco Umbra,"If you're a fan of old-school 16 and 32-bit RPG's, then this game is most definately for you. Excellent storyline, graphics, and character design make this game a great addition to your library. 10 out of 10!!!"
76561198052497862,Recommended,278460,9229197,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Driverben,"Only played roughly 4hrs, but I've enjoyed every minute of it. My only complaint is some things are not described very well and some of the scenery could have taken a bit longer to touch up.Other than that, I think this games worth $7.50 price tag, while it's on sale. I personally think this is very well done.Edit: I was never much of a fan of old school JRPG's, but this one has me hooked and I probably will look at these more in the future. I like the scripting in the game most of all and is very rewarding if you take the time to explore. I LOVE exploring in games and this one has me doing a lot of it and it pays off everytime.I strongly recommend this game to fans of this genre.Please, for the love of everything holy, don't pay attention to people complaining that it was done with RPG Maker.... they all seem to have very biased opions"
,Not Recommended,278460,9905414,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,pied_pieper,"I gave this a thumbs up when I first started playing, but am now giving it a thumbs down. I am halfway through the games and there are far too many parts of the world you can't explore. Not because of limited world, but because of bugs. You click to move to a part of the map and are unable to move suddenly. Not even back to where you were. I'm so frustrated. I tried working around the bugs. I really did. I had so enjoyed this game til halfway through. But now... it's like buying a piano and only half the keys work. You try to play songs, but only some sonfgs can be played because the rest of the time, no sound comes out. I just want my money back. I don't want a broken product."
76561198042864202,Recommended,278460,9802101,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Materia User,"Couldn't stop playing. If you love JRPG's you will love it for sure.I like how simple the controls were, and the fact that there are no random encounters, which means your free to backtrack if you felt like you might have missed something. I do wish there was more customization and a general breakdown of what each stat means - sure some of them are fairly easy to guess such as magic defense. Doesn't mean a description isn't desired anymore though - many of these types of games have slight differences in how they treat certain stats.Agility for example might mean how fast I get my turn (Don't think so since they have a speed stat as well)It might mean how accurate I am, or how often I dodge (or both)anyway you get the idea - I don't like to guess.The characters and plot are the main driving factors here, while the gameplay is good, but nothing I felt was all that intuitive, though the main characters fighting style is a bit different than the norm.Overall I definitely recommend it , and had lots of fun."
,Recommended,278460,9230498,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Mortos,"Plot is kinda boring but otherwise this is a really nice game, especially for such a small studio.The two big things that set it apart from your standard 16-bit jrpg areA: Breaks a lot of rpg gender conventions in a very natural wayB: The combat system remains interesting, with timing, classes, and debuffs.  I found myself using different powers and tactics for each fight, and there were few to no abilities that I never found purpose for."
76561197987494077,Recommended,278460,15945394,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,richard,"An enjoyable little game that doesn't really do anything new, but does achieve what it aims to do.https://youtu.be/zi3nRn7M6sw"
,Recommended,278460,16382629,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mount C,"Not really the best JRPG out there, but it's unique enough and interesting enough for fans of the genre to check out."
,Recommended,278460,23638294,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,wwpatterson,fun!
,Recommended,278460,9245612,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jebus,I have now only tryed the begining of this game yet so far very good story and good work on the RPG and how to do stuff in this game. I really recomment this game to people that loves RPG's and clockwork themed art. :3
,Recommended,278460,9436227,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Chronic J,"First RPG I've played that used the RPG Maker engine.  Don't really know what the haters are complaining about, it's a good engine.  Takes me back to the SNES/Genesis days when I gamed the hell out of the JRPG's I had.  Looking forward to finishing this game up and have no qualms about the fact that I dropped some coin on it.  Actually picked up RPG Maker VX Ace just for sh*ts and giggles when it was on sale."
,Recommended,278460,12135603,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,k.mainstreet,"Riveting storyline, great design, wonderful game mechanics.a good play, would buy it again. i am hooked on this game. there are some odd sound effects though, like they are out of place for the game, but only a few"
76561198018215483,Recommended,278460,10658938,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Badger,A super cute little game that takes a lot of inspiration from gameboy advance era rpg's. It is a steampunk setting but is mostly fantasy rather than the alternative history that has become the expected norm of steampunk.Always worth a play. It is a relaxing game that is easy to learn and also it has really pretty artwork which looks kawaii as f*ck
,Recommended,278460,28850755,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,erparom,"The very first 5 minutes of the game and I knew this is exactly what I was looking for. Amazing fem protagonist, very nice characters and a very lovely story. Graphics are awesome, dialogue and combat is very fun. Old style AWESOME RPG. Thanks a lot to the creators for this very hard to fine jewel. 10/10"
76561198049253111,Recommended,278460,9214731,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,dustlilac,"This is a great game -- it just feels right.  Nothing groundbreaking, but a very pleasant way to spend your time.  Not many random battles (which is a downside for me -- hey, grinding is why I play these =\), but combat is fun and you can augment your stuff.  One word -- fun."
76561198029812810,Recommended,278460,9243175,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,dmorthian,"Great Game, only wish it was longer, but it had great music and a good story."
,Recommended,278460,9243813,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Omegaclawe,"It seems to me that this game was primarily made by an artist: The art is beautiful, but the programming / systems involved are not particularly complex. Fortunately, there was a lot of hard work put into them, and despite being a simplistic affair, the combat is balanced and even strategically challenging on harder difficulties. One particular (optional) fight, which I later discovered defaulted to the hard difficulty, was amoung the most challenging RPG fights I have ever done, and yet, it was not arbitrary... it just required a lot of strategy... though by the time I finished it, I was pretty much untouchable.In the meantime, if you don't care too much about the battles, you can drop the difficulty to easy and enjoy roughly ten hours of a well told story. It's not quite Bioshock, but many a sucessful AAA title has gone to field with worse, and it's engaging enough that I played through it in one go, without feeling any desire to stop midway through. Nor did I feel the need for a walkthrough or to look up advice on the game, which was fortunate, since there is rather little."
,Recommended,278460,21538840,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,278460,14657154,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Aya-tan,"While it may be an RPGMaker Game with RPGMaker-ish textures and RPGMaker-ish Enemy Battle Portraits, I think it's hands-down the single best RPGMaker Game I've ever seen. Actually I think that's not doing it justice, I think it's actually one of the best Classic-Style RPGs I've seen. The level of detail that was put into this game with it's multitude of custom-drawn character artwork, each with multiple facial expressions. The battle system was fun and interesting, and not once did it feel ""dull"" or ""repetitive"" as these RPGMaker games tend to do sometimes.Even with the Vanilla RPGMaker Map Textures, this game knew exactly what it wanted to be and the Steampunk-ish world-setting was actually very beautiful to look at, I kinda had a huge nostalgia trip back to the days of SNES-Era Squaresoft Games such as Final Fantasy III while I was playing this. (That's what we called them back then. Nowadays, we say ""Square Enix"" and ""Final Fantasy VI"")I absolutely fell in love with the universe and it's characters. (Especially Chaska) And while the story never really graduates beyond your archtypical ""Noble Rebels versus Evil Empire"" which we've seen hundreds of times before, I feel as if that's not really much of a point against it when this game is so well made and so much fun to play.In short, this is not the ""same ol' same ol' RPGMaker Game just like all the others."" It really stands out from the very crowded scene of RPGMaker titles which all seem to blend together sometimes. And it's just plain really damn good. Should you buy it? Up to you honestly, but I most definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,278460,21324037,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MasterZoen,"Overall, this a very good game. Although it's got a few problems, these can easily be overlooked.The Good________Story: The plot is engaging, with a lot of neat moments where you feel emotionally compelled to keep playing. If you're playing an RPG, you NEED a good story to compel play. At the beginning you're forced to betray/trick someone to save your family. Who isn't willing to do everything they can for their family?BGM: The music is very atmospheric, usually fitting situation well and sound very much like music from games on the PS2 or XBOX. The music is in stereo as well, but this is less useful than stereo sound effects.Graphics: The visuals are reminiscent of the 16-bit era of console gaming in terms of color and the sprite drawing methods common on the NES/SNES, Genisis, and PSX. More than anything else I'm reminded of the original Dragon Warrior (Dragon Quest) 1-3 and Breath of Fire 1 and 2 games in regards to gameplay, with a Town overmap, a menu overmap, dungeon overmap, and world overmap, along with the turn based combat system. Also, when going full screen on my monitor the game doesn't look bad, but doesn't have 1080p support running at 640x480, so probably won't work well with or look good on TVs.The Bad_______Sound: The sound effects are very subpar by todays standards, but equal to if not better than those of the 16-bit and 32-bit console era. The sound effects do not seem to be in stereo.Sound/Visual Timing: Often sound effects, i.e. attacks in combat, will occur just before the visual identifier does. This tends to throw the combat immersion right out the window for me, but it's not overly horrible, and certainly doesn't break the game.The Ugly_______Controls: X-input controllers, that is to say anything resembling the Xbox 360 controller, have wonky button command registers, with Menu/Cancel being assigned to B and Interact/Accept being assinged to X, and Previous Page/Next Page being assigned to Back/Start respectively. Worse, still, there is no way to reassign them in game.The controls for D-input controllers, resembling Playstation 2 or 3 controllers, is much better with Menu/Cancel being assigned to X and Interact/Accept being assigned to O, and Previous Page/Next Page assigned to L2/R2 respectively. The Logitech F series controllers 310, 510, and 710, are able to switch between these input types, so I recommend using D-input with them. I've tested PS3, Wireless Xbox 360 for Windows, and Logitech F510 controllers with this game.Mouse and keyboard are simple enough with the avatar attempting to take the shortest route to where you click on the overmaps or moving in the cardinals with the arrow keys, and clicking on commands and enemies in combat or selecting them with left/right arrow keys and pressing enter."
,Recommended,278460,9241119,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,thebsdude,"This game is really fun. If you're wasting time in it, it's because you're exploring, not because you're grinding. If I had a complaint though, it'd be that it's too easy; my healer never has to do anything in combat."
76561198028038472,Recommended,278460,9242297,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SableFang,"Without a doubt, one of the more enjoyable jrpg's, there's enough story driving you through each area for it to not feel nearly as repetitive as most of them. Even the music will make you raise an eyebrow in notice every now and then, the game feels like the devs actually cared about it. Downsides, it IS a rather short game, took about 5+ hrs to complete, but that's because you never actually have to grind. Also, although it is story driven, there are few extra areas to explore, gameplay is very linear. Despite this, still felt like a very enjoyable and complete package, pick it up if you want a good story to hold you through a day."
,Recommended,278460,13822336,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sapphic Neko,"Loved this. Bit short, but the story was great and it played really well."
76561198105910020,Recommended,278460,27563930,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Explainer,"Honestly, I was surprised how good this game was. Very good."
76561198050858783,Recommended,278460,14797940,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,SuportSpecialist,BRAVO BRAVO BRAVISSIIIMO!!! The maker deserves a standing ovation. The beauty... the unique charactersyes this is exactly what I was looking for! Excellent job with this game..!!
76561198069989159,Recommended,278460,9239376,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Fartoo,Engaging story with a good art style.  Great 16-bit generation type rpg with a fun combat system.  The game features difficulty changes for those looking for harder enemies.  Dungeons are simple yet fun and the enemy encounter system is also clever.  All in all this game is sick for only 7.49 or normally 15.
76561198001616543,Not Recommended,278460,22099763,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,JAGAMER,"Only played until the combat system and from reading reviews it doest get better. Combat system is pathetic. A character card vs a 2d enemy siloute. The asthetics and story seem nice but honestly, for me, with next to no combat mechanic id rather read a book.If only want story this may be word looking into. If you are used to a good turn based system combat, id avoid this. Also a shame they show NO pictures of combat, now i know why."
76561197993780180,Recommended,278460,11109344,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,rpgarcher,"This is the best of the RPG maker games I've played on steam.  The total game length is pretty short, but a lot of that is because it has basically no grinding (I feel too much grind is the downfall of most RPG maker games).  Great game, totally worth the cost"
76561198064387683,Not Recommended,278460,20671656,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,kodiacbear,Does not work
,Recommended,278460,9242932,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Skydemonking,Love the game. Very good story!!!!
,Recommended,278460,9243195,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Jarod,"Alright so at first I was a little hesitant, I wasn't sure if this would be worth it or would be overly cheesy and simplistic.Well, I was pleasantly surprised on how well crafted this game was.  It's totally linear as in questing and travel for the most part, but I did find the story enjoyable and my only gripe is that there is no continue after the main quest.  This game would be in my minds the perfect little budget RPG if they let you keep playing to the finish some of the stuff like the arena and so on.  But I highly recommend anyone who played games like Legend of Zelda and Dragon Knight of old to try it out."
,Not Recommended,278460,16390995,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Defendor,"1. The screen is entirely black screen in fullscreen, can only play in a tiny unrezisable window.2. Gamepad buttons binded to wrong buttons, no option to rebind keys to practical places.3. Can only move character with analog stick even though it's movement is not analog.4. The game is slow and boring.The game is almost unplayable and not fun in this state imo. I refunded it."
,Recommended,278460,9239676,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Timeraider,"No matter what they say about RPGmaker and all the other crying. Games are about the feeling and the fun of playing it ... this game has entertained me many hours and now that ive also got it on Steam i can enjoy it again and i still love it. The graphics are cheap and rpgmaker stylebut they feel quite nice. The storyline is at one side predictable but at the other side its a very charming story and it does attract your interest .. the gameplay itself feels good and the combat though not the most innovative can be quite challenging but still not feeling grindy at times (Play it on hard difficulty, anything below that might be to easy for some :D)Overall a nice game worth being on Steam(99% of rpgmaker games is still crap, but this one luckily is alot better ;D)"
76561198008177266,Recommended,278460,9212980,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Paladin~WolF,an 'Old School' RPG with Steampunk flair. This world is worth every minute you will spend in it.
76561198048860486,Not Recommended,278460,28078736,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Granny Gertrude,"Many of the positive reviews laud it as being one of the best RPGMaker games out there. The others it is compared to must be appalling, rather than merely bad.There's good things about the game- the aesthetics and music are fine for example. The story is simple and predictable, and is hinged on several strokes of unlikely luck. The battle system is poorly tuned and unbalanced, with the rare occasions you have something challenging even if underlevelled then relying on rolling back to an old save or more likely repeating the fight hoping for the status effects to stick or be dodged by your party.If you want a quick jrpg style game and can get it for a tiny amount of money then as other reviews state there are worse choices."
,Not Recommended,278460,28201253,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Fox Only,"Unfortunately the combat in this game feels a lot more like a distraction than anything that contributes to the story and the combat mechanics are boring as well.This and the repeated screen-flashes that happen whenever an attack is made, you pick up an item, you activate a button, etc. make for an unemjoyable experience."
,Recommended,278460,9212169,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Stardust,"Er. Mer. Gerd.This is awesome. I only recently got this game but, from what little I've played, I love it. Will likely update this as I play more, but for now just because of the amazing soundtrack, this gets a thumbs up."
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,278460,28694845,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"Why are people still playing and making games like this?  Steampunk settings is a good idea, but I still can't play this."
,Recommended,278460,9210812,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,axe-336,"I don't know how good the game is yet, but the title screen almost incapacitated me with its gorgeous main character and wondrous streaming line of gears.  Sometimes I forget why I love Steampunk, then I see art like this and remember.Also, I love the part in the title screen music where it ALMOST starts to sound like the Crystal Theme from Final Fantasy, but then say's ""Just kidding!"" and plays a little fast bit instead.Here's to judging a book by its cover!"
76561198032109335,Not Recommended,278460,9216556,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Neowolfen,I would love to say this was awesome but firstly it registered with my Anti Virus as a threat.. so I had to set it as an exception to even launch.  Then 10 minutes into it it caused a graphical error that necessitated a shutdown and reboot to fix.Im sure this game is great but it doesnt seem to do so well on all modern PC's.
76561198005625830,Not Recommended,278460,9213413,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Angeris,I would probably have something good to say about this game if I could PLAY it.Every time I try to start a new game it goes to a black screen and crashes. And of course steam doesn't give refunds!I would avoid this and any other game made with RPGMaker!
76561198035165682,Recommended,278460,18388407,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Uncle Grga,"What an adorable game!  Love it, great story."
76561198040608633,Recommended,278460,9863893,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Raiderrpg,"While it's no Final Fantasy of Yore, Skyborn is a solid game with an interesting battle gimmick and a fairly solid story. While it's not worth the price set in today's massive market, I'd say it's still worth getting- especially if you spot it on sale."
76561198021007869,Recommended,278460,10235042,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DireRavenstag,"This is an awesome game! I generally have two requirements for a game: Good story, and visually pleasing. This is both. And on top of that, it has great music!I breezed through it in about 8 hours, but I'm also severely directionally challenged and tend to wander around the same areas several times, just in case I missed something. This is a good game for wandering, especially in some of the later levels because it's just darn pretty! If you're like me and you want to do ALL THE QUESTS and find ALL THE THINGS, you can probably get another few hours out of it.Aditionally, when they tell you that you're about to go past the point of no return, they really mean it! If you have unfinished quests, or if you just want to meander through some areas again, make sure you do it before taking on that mission.Overall, it's a gorgeous game, great music, and a wonderful story line. Definitely worth the money."
76561198092354080,Recommended,278460,10802265,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Maxoris,"For a fairly short game, the story and gameplay are nice.  Good throwback to the old SNES days.  Fights can either be fairly easy, or tough as nails even on an easy setting."
76561198023519829,Recommended,278460,10955237,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Silvernis,"Skyborn is . . . competent, I guess I'd say. Not amazing, but not bad.Its strongest points are the setting, story, and characters. Admittedly, there are a lot of bog standard tropes across the board, but they're pretty well-executed. The world is interesting, and I found myself wanting to know more about it. The characters are well-written and more fun than I expected. The story could have benefited from more development and better pacing, but still, it was engaging enough to keep me playing to the end (seven hours or so).That's more than I can say for the combat, however. My biggest issue with the game is how boring the combat became. I'm not an RPG veteran by any stretch, and I paid almost no attention to Skyborn's mechanics, yet I was still able to snooze through all but one fight. Sooner rather than later, Claret got some mega-OP skills that obliterated anything that tried to get in her way, which completely trivialized most of the enemies and turned encounters into tedious detours. Also, the combat screen uses default RPG Maker enemy sprites, which often look weirdly out of place amongst the otherwise consistent anime aesthetics.Final verdict: yes, it's worth playing, but wait for a sale."
,Recommended,278460,11240013,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kneo24,"Skyborn is a beautifully crafted world with art work that reminsces from the SNES era. The graphics and art are better than that, but the RPG style is exactly the same.Anyone who played those games, I mean really played them love them. You'll love Skyborn too. It mostly does everything those games did.However Skyborn is a small game. I would call this a one and done deal. You play it once, feel fully satisfied, and never touch it again. That's ok. Not every game has to be a game you play a bunch of times. Not every book is a book you read multiple times. Not every movie is a movie you watch more than once. Enjoy the game for what it is because it is a lot of fun. I had a great time with it.Classic JRPG feel with better graphics. If that's what you're looking for, you'll get it in this pint sized adventure. If you spend 4 hours on this game, you rushed through it and shame on you. If you spend 6 or more, you spent time and explored."
76561198043136659,Recommended,278460,9634301,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Ytoc,A nice little RPG for the price.The game really ramps up in difficulty after about 5 hours in playing on the hardest difficulty. For a while I had actually forgot I was playing on the hardest difficulty. At this point there were several fights that had me worried I might actually have to restart from my save. After getting the current tier armor and weapons upgraded and augmented I still have one or two party members go down each fight. Steel Slimes hit like a truck >.>Boss fights up to this point have been fairly simple with them dying in a round or two. I have yet to fight a boss since the difficulty curve has been upped. If the regular monster battles are any indicator it is going to be very difficult.There is also a little bit of humor in the game that I find quite enjoyable. Storytelling is pretty good as well.Overall I am quite pleased with this game.
,Recommended,278460,21410113,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Riyo,Wonderful experiance!battle depth and status even class upgrades.and the story sends a powerful message.
,Recommended,278460,17017767,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Prador,"I beat the game on hard all the way through and it was fun.  It took about 16 hours of real time and that was with exploring everything and fighting every mob/boss I could find mixed with a little bit of backtracking.The soundtrack is good.The characters are likeable.The story is fairly simple but still very good and interesting.The architecture of the game is aesthetically pleasing.No random battles, the monsters are all visible (though I strongly suggest you fight them all if playing on hard).  Also if on hard explore everywhere, limited resources.The combat system is ok.Gear comparison/viewing items stats is extremely tedious.If you like JRPG's I recommend this game despite a few flaws overall it was definitely a fun experience and worth playing."
76561197970887820,Recommended,278460,9254709,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Mandrake42,"I know people give RPG maker games a lot of flack but just because something is made with a game making engine doesnt mean it has to be terrible. Both Unity and the Unreal Engine could be considered game making tools, albeit on the more high end. I think the reason that RPG Maker gets such a rough rep is that its so accessible anyone can use it and therefor you end up with more♥♥♥♥♥♥than gold. Happily Skyborn is pure gold and while the actual tile sets are mostly of the stock type that come with the set, the character portraits are amazingly detailed and expresive and the author is himself a professional musician so the soundtrack is incredible. Set in a steampunk world where the humans are oppressed by a group of winged beings known as the Skyborn, the reluctant heroine Claret is drawn into a rebellion, first merely to save her brother but then out of altruism as she sees just how badly the Skyborn treat the lower classes. It has a great cast of likeable characters and while, as with many RPG's the combat can be a bit grindy, it has enough clever mechanics to keep you going til the end. 20 hours game for $14.99 is pretty good value. Get it."
76561198060870160,Recommended,278460,16735069,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mr.Tonguesoff(ChrisHandsome),"A fun Little RPG.Pros: A fun little turn based RPG, Characters are great, Combat is alright nothing too special.Story is pretty good but a bit too rushed.Cons: There's no like continue exp so once you finish the game you have to start all over again character's levels do not transfer.The game is over decent like a 7.7/10, I had fun with it and enjoy the small story but there's no paths to change the story line with good or bad endings, characters are fun and intesting, I suggest getting on sale because i feel like its not worth 14.99 and they could have done more on this game to expand it."
76561198036272090,Recommended,278460,18700706,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mrphil,Pretty fun.
,Recommended,278460,18574470,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Airbender,"A great, engaging RPG that is nice and quick so that it never feels like a chore to finish."
76561197993729460,Recommended,278460,18179032,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Maniac,"This game's strong points are it's story and characters. Every one is unique, and has depth. Just watching them interact is entertaining. The gameplay is a solid, classic RPG, with difficulty ranging from laughably easy, to frustratingly hard, depending on the enemy you are facing, and the difficulty setting (Easy, Medium, Hard)I am glad I played this game, and, if you like a good story, with lovable characters, then give this game a try."
76561198061997939,Recommended,278460,18286138,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Camolot the Creator,"A good RPG, with interesting characters and an engaging world, as well as very nice environments.While the combat is a little plain, It doesn't take away from the rest of the game; if you are a fan of turn-based RPGs, pick this up, because I sure am and I enjoyed it quite a bit.Not as much as Crystal Story, but Crystal Story was damn near perfect, so yeah. Buy it, play it, enjoy it.Cheers!-Camolot"
76561198008570738,Recommended,278460,16661708,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DeadBolt,"for an RPGMaker engine game this thing is amazing. the people who made it really put in some effort. so far the story is great. the dialog is awesome, there is a lot of slang and joking that you would normally not see in a game like this. great crafting system. most of all a steam punk setting lol"
76561198008947216,Recommended,278460,16523920,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nebyron,"12 hours of solid gameplay, definitely worth the money. (15-20 if you dare to finish the Arena, Gauntlet and Saehal)I really wished to play a game from the rpgmaker again and it was wonderful. The story is interesting and you will find your way through the game without a problem. BUT there are some things that could be irritating to some people.To start, monster will not respawn, which limits the maximum amount of money and experience. Furthermore, the game has a very linear story line, which is a little bit dissapointing but not bad at all. Moreover, the game seems a little rushed, there are very interesting characters that just vanish. Finaly, some people may think that the developer had more in mind for this world but it `needed to get done`."
76561198025278011,Recommended,278460,16538604,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,snow_clone,"Excellent game that really has its own unique feel and style. The characters and dialogue are great, are the environments are lush. My main complaint is that it's seems rather short: the game was over before I at all felt like the story was coming to a climax (there were actually a few sidequests that I hadn't quite finished, which I figured I'd have ample opportunity to return to). So my pacing about building equipment and using rare items was totally off. I was also disappointed with the total lack of controlling an airship on a overworld map. Despite these gripes, I really enjoyed the game and heartedly recommend it. I will definitely be playing it again in the future!"
,Recommended,278460,17419007,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,scout920,"One of my favorites  , out of the rpgmaker/ jrpg's on steam. it has a great story  along with characters and character interactions, chaska in particular. shes the best character if you ask me.... but its a great game id definately recommend"
,Recommended,278460,17617683,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,PantyScissors,"Well made rpg. The story is nice even if a bit short, but the funny moments and the soundtrack make up for it."
76561198083831101,Recommended,278460,17517330,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,michelstephens,"Great game.  Worth playing.  Challenging toward the end, yet fair.  I wouldn't mind seeing a sequel or an extention, some sort of side story that involves some of the other towns and places mentioned.  Great work to the developers - kudos."
,Recommended,278460,17130958,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Boatly,"Skyborne is an excellent RPG Maker game. While it's fairly short for an RPG, most aspects of the game are well-implemented. If you don't have a lot of time to invest in games, but still enjoy RPGs, especially of the old JRPG style of the 90s, then Skyborn is a great choice."
76561198070261713,Recommended,278460,17139283,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,qui-gon's gin,"Skyborn is a great RPG with engaging characters, witty dialogue, and wonderful worldbuilding. The gameplay is challenging enough but enjoyable, and the art style was well done. I loved the plot and the issues raised within the storyline. I would recommend Skyborn to anyone who is looking for a fairly short but very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,278460,16380984,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Rae,"I just finished the game after about 10 hours of gametime (though I didn't complete two side quests).I've got to say it was a fun little game. The characters and storyline are both likeable and fun to follow. The actual gameplay is pretty simple; I don't think I was actually challenged by anything in the game, but it's worth buying. A great, fun RPG."
76561198056022898,Not Recommended,278460,15554702,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DaBomb,"Quite short, and the gameplay is nothing new or special. The story was decent, but the game's length and entertainment value was not worth the price. Buy this if it's on sale or skip it for better RPGs."
76561198078711322,Recommended,278460,15372596,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MarchMagnolia,I didn't level my characters enough or equip them well enough and now I can't beat the final boss even on easy mode.10/10
,Recommended,278460,15506853,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,QuantumTerror,"I Played this offline while traveling by air on my laptop.  Skyborn is the best JRPG I've played since FF VII.  It has well balanced challenges and rewards, and excellent writting and music.  I am Looking forward to more entries from Dancing Dragon Games."
76561198113870627,Recommended,278460,16030251,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DragonANGL,"A rather well-written game. Most of the foes are easily recognizable, spelled slightly differently yet are similar to familiar monsters from myths and legends (and D&D). The story itself, though cliche in some parts, still has some interesting twists to it.There are elements of romance, but unlike the Aveyond series, Skyborn is too short for any serious romances to develop. Enthralling but short would be good for it - also, unlike many RPG games, one of the biggest Pro's for Skyborn: Grinding isn't needed. Or rather, enemies do not respawn, yet there are many ""exploration"" points out there, similar to revealing a new map location in an MMORPG, that grant a considerable amount of experience to your party."
,Recommended,278460,16249078,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,bluefootedpig,"I give this a recommend, but only a slight one. The game play is short, but works. The characters are nice, although somewhat predictable.What got me was that my party was slowly becoming a glass cannon. You can easily avoid monsters, and there is no obvious leveling ground.As such, I started my ""no turning back now"", and was able to easily make it to the end boss, including killing all the bosses within the area before the final boss.But then, the final boss has an AOE that one shots my entire party.So that is my only complaint, that you really need to attack monsters while going through, don't avoid them. If you do, you can easily end up not knowing the end of the game because the last boss is just so much more powerful."
76561198008351912,Recommended,278460,11665391,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Soulsborne,"Usually I don't write reviews on steam and I'm not even very far into the game yet, but Skyborn has surprised me with it's quality so far and that's why I'll write down my early impression of it now.Okay, since I don't know much about the story yet, I'll just say that I enjoyed the events that happened around the main characters to start up the adventure so far. That's probably because the characters are really charmingly written and there weren't any cheesy lines that made me cringe like in most of the homemade RPG-Maker games. Even the character that I thought I would hate at the beginning, turned out to be very likeable and sort of funny very fast =)Next would be the music, which is in my humble opinion very solid orchestral music that always fits the environment. The dungeon music is mysterious and calm, the battle music is kind of epic, majestic and uplifting and overall the music is just very nice to listen to. Stylewise the tracks feel always very gentle, atmospheric, diversified and not just right up in your face, which I like a lot.Now to the battlesystem. Optically it has a typical RPG-Maker interface, without dynamicly fighting charactermodels, but that's fine for me, because all and all the drawn character models and the interface are very pretty.The battles are turnbased and revolve around the classic HP / MP formular with the little change that is the Threat-Bar. Everytime your characters attack the enemies the Threat-Bar of those characters fill up depending on how much damage they deal and the character with the highest Threat get's attacked by the enemies, except of course when the enemies use multi-target attacks. So since you get a tank-like character very early on you want to use him exactly like that and let the others do damage/healing/status effects while keeping up the Threat-Level on the tank. Also i would recommend anyone to play this game on Hard, because that is when the battles actually get fun and strategic. So, uh... I like it =DLast but not least, the graphics are very well meshed together and the mapping is always very detailed, pretty, and never feels unnatural. Also, getting around in the dungeons never felt tedious so far, since the maps feel very natural to get through and the monsters are optional obstacles to fight (don't know if that changes later).Also I dig the Steampunk-Style =)To round this review up:It's a very fun classical RPG with charming characters, good dialogue, a (so far) promising story, a slightly changed turnbased battle-system, very nice music, nice mapping, good pacing and a nice steampunk environment.I like it !!! =)"
76561198020743548,Recommended,278460,11087950,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tacobadgers,Old School style RPG very basic. I enjoyed every minute.
,Recommended,278460,12907108,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MrZeebub,"A flash in the pan RPG.  Beautiful art, music, and gameplay.  Very short play time.  I completed it in just under 8 hours.  You might wait until it's on sale, but you should definitely play it."
,Recommended,278460,13822857,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Thalack,Took me roughly 4-5 hours to beat this game. I would recommend it if you are looking for a short jrpg with a great storyline.If you are looking for a game to keep you busy for awhile this isn't it.Leveling is wayyy to easy and you can quickly over power your weapons / armor.I give it a 8/10 Overall!
76561198074786759,Recommended,278460,14091772,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,krager26,"I am an old school gamer and I played a tone of old style RPG games and this one really takes me back at least to the super Nintendo years. this game really has a lot to offer really good sound track. an unusual but interesting combat system. this game has a really solid story line and the dialogue is also quite good. most games like this have serious dialog issues and they sound corny or just silly so its nice to play a game that has a nice flow to it. The art work for this game is also very nice to look at, not professional mind you but still very good. The maps and out side world are pleasant with lots to look at but not filled with clutter.  this game offers a crafting system that on one hand is rewarding to find components to craft with, but unfortunately the crafting system leaves something to be desired. all in all this game has good balance the character roles are well defined. my mage is not a tank my tank is not a DPSer and I have options to develop my character classes the way I want to fit with my play style through class upgrades reminiscent of the original Final Fantasy games.  I felt the ending was a bit rushed and you can get through the story line rather fast so you wont be racking up 40+ hrs of game time on this one you might not even get half that. so I wish the game had been a bit longer with some more side quests to do or even a bit more towards the end.  I don't want to be down on this game just fair. I will add that this has been the most enjoyable game of its type I have played so far. great work!!!"
,Recommended,278460,14319700,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,tevish_szat,"I recommend Skyborn, but I don't recommend it strongly.  There are a few important things to know about it.1) Skyborn is pretty fun.If you like oldschool RPGs -- and I mean Might and Magic 1/Final Fantast 1 oldschool, you'll probably like the system and combat style.2) Skyborn is pretty.The art really is good.  The game is guilty of using a lot of pallet swaps, but everything is pretty appealing to look at (unless, of course, it's not supposed to be)3) Skyborn has a really wonky difficulty and progress flowThis is a game that will, pretty randomly, decide to kick your♥♥♥♥♥or be a cakewalk.  In that way, the design behind it isn't really great.  What's more, the game itself doesn't have a whole lot of flow to it: there are♥♥♥♥♥numbingly long dungeon segments, but then there are segments that go by FAST.4) Skyborn is short.I don't know if I missed a ton of game somewhere, other than grinding to do the arena sidequest, but the endgame difficulty seems to suggest that no, I didn't.  It really doesn't have a lot to it.  What there is is good, but it isn't long.  I guess that's alright, since a game that's too long can easily overstay its welcome, and I've known plenty of games to be both good and short, but part of me wanted more out of Skyborn.  I guess looking at my time logged I have to say it's not REALLY short, just shorter than you might expect out of a game of the genre.So, from that you can probably tell whether you'd like Skyborn or not.  It's got a good look and feel and a good plot, but a few flaws that I don't really mind, but that might be dealbreakers for some."
76561198060746058,Recommended,278460,10715953,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Myriad,"Great RPG. Great story, interesting characters and good mechanics"
76561198125848609,Recommended,278460,10724372,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xion-metal,Beautiful. Just a beautiful game.
76561198037970685,Recommended,278460,10797211,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,wanlessthegreat,Whatever I said about Deadly Sins 2 can be applied here but these are the main differences.  Side quests give you items as there is no skill point system in this game however every so often you get a class change item that gives you more skills based on what route you want to go.  They have a crafting system thats based on ores you can find on the field which allows you to make some really good weapons at certain points in the game.  Overall this game is more than worth your time if you enjoy JRPG's.
,Recommended,278460,14753545,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,yuandy,"JRPG. Character sprites and portraits are attractive and well-animated. If you liked the original Final Fantasy, I think you'll like this too. Took me 11 hours to finish; short but satisfying.I'm a completionist, so I accepted every single random battle and got every side quest and searched every nook. If you want to do the minimum possible, you may have trouble with the boss battles later on.Battle is turn-based. Some MMO elements: threat and energy generation. There's an in-game tutorial but I ended up skipping it entirely. There are many buffs and debuffs, so much so that it's easy to lose track-- names aren't terribly intuitive either, e.g. Majesty is a debuff?Character and gear stats are fairly opaque; I used a GameFAQs guide to figure things out. UI is clunky when it comes to gear stats. It's difficult to see the stats on equipped gear; Equip and Augment pages aren't laid out very well."
,Recommended,278460,14741657,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,TheDwiin,"got to the rebel hideout and got in the way of the formation, and now i am trapped, 10/10"
,Recommended,278460,14797674,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LyriLee,"Overall, I was pretty happy with this game. The fighting system is well made, and enjoyable. The puzzles (lever/button mazes) are just long enough to require some thought, but not so long that they are unpleasant. The story is well done, if short. And the weapon augmenting system made equipping characters highly customizable and fun.If you don't do the extra content, the end dungeon and boss are very, very hard (even just on normal mode). But if you do the extra dungeon and colluseum all the way through, you will have no problems with it. Also, make sure to use the 2 fruits you are given during specific points in the game. I thought they were just for a free level up, but they're actually how you learn your next sets of skills. The bonus dungeon (Venom Depths) can be found by taking the red portal on the celestial elevators from the poorest town in the bottom lefthand corner, it has a stone formation on either side of it."
,Recommended,278460,14245380,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Miss Marv,"So I'll admit, when I first saw this game my thoughts were ""Another RPG maker game…great.” But I got it and played it all the way through.First I shall start with the cons:  It took 9 hours to beat….THAT’S IT!!! NO other cons!! I loved it so so so much!! This game! Seriously the best JRPG I have played in a LONG time. Since most JRPG’s basically have the same mechanics, the thing that sets them apart is their story, so the story has a huge impact on a JRPG. A great story makes a great JRPG in my opinion, and this game’s story was fantastic!  I won’t go into it, because I want you to go and experience it for yourself! It starts off a little generic and slow, but it speeds up fast, and the world that is built is amazing.As for mechanics, there are two things I loved. First, in battle, there is a component called Threat, and a party member’s threat goes up based on the strength of their attacks, and killing enemies. The enemies will attack the party member with the most threat, so it adds an extra level of strategy. You can have a character who is a heavy hitter but can’t take hits, so you have to strategize to have your tank build up their threat so they can take hits for them. Second, the game rewards you for exploring. If you look around the world you will find little nodes hidden away at dead ends and tricky spots, which reward you with EXP which helps you level up. Also the chests have some great loot as well.Like I said, I wasn’t expecting it to be so short. When playing these kind of games you expect long an epic, and lingering story that has so many unsuspecting pit falls and delays, but this game had its story short sweet and to the point, which I have to say worked out nicely for it in the end. I really loved it."
76561198156500537,Recommended,278460,15102791,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MissSkittleNinja,"This game is really great! The art's really nice and the combat system's really cool. It's like any onther turn-based RPG, except it has a 'threat' system where the enemy will attack whoever has the most threat, and the more you attack, the higher your threat gets. This works great 'cause then you can make one of your guys just a big 'ol tank and raise his threat while everyone else just wails on the enemy.The story's really great, too. It kinda goes deep into these magical 'skyborns' and the history between them and humans, and you really get invested in these characters and their cause!I was a little dissapointed when it ended. It felt a little short, especially if you ignored the side quests and avoided the enemies (which don't respawn, by the way), and I was kinda hoping for more game to play. But that's a good thing, isn't it? Not wanting the game to end? That's good, right?..."
,Recommended,278460,19610847,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Charming Ashen Prince,"I beat this game rather quickly, but I also played it exclusively. On my next playthough, I intend to look at things more deeply, but this is a wonderfully relaxing RPG game and an in depth story you can lose yourself in"
76561198095967515,Recommended,278460,19512629,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Jack n' the box,9/10
,Recommended,278460,20939558,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kpiozero,If you want a very solid RPG Maker game look no furuther.
,Recommended,278460,21307515,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Ekima,"This game is really a beauty! Filled with beautiful art, interesting characters and a story that keeps you going without boredom, it gets my full recommendation. It is well balanced, giving you just the right challenge throughout the whole game (although the final battles were long rather than challenging, it doesn't really negate the rest of the game's balance).If you're looking for an RPG game with a different and interesting story, this is definitely for you.There might be three tiny complaints: the dungeons did seem quite similar to each other, the sidequest fanatic in me didn't quite get its hunger satisfied and most importantly - I want more! Give me a sequel, please! I want to dive even further into the universe. I am definitely going to be on the lookout for any other games by this publisher."
76561198274943073,Recommended,278460,21202612,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Fantomyte,Pretty good story to fallow. Taking place in a very captivating universe.Dialogues are a little clumsy and the drawings of personages when not in pixel hurt my eyes but the game is enjoyable all the same.
76561198168825225,Recommended,278460,23347852,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,gigglingRain,"Great game!Pros: Great story, interesting set of characters, detailed environment and atmosphere. The playable flashback was pretty fun too.Cons: Too short (I beat it in 10 hrs, including the Arena and the gauntlet). Wish there was some more history and character development (especially of chaska and alda)."
,Recommended,278460,23230028,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Yuritau,"If you like story-rich JRPGs, Skyborn is the game for you!The characters all have real personalities, the story is compelling, and the dialogue is engaging. On top of all that, the gameplay is among the best you can find in the RPGMaker world.I would recommend this game to any fan of RPGs!"
,Recommended,278460,23749181,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,cerespallas,"A short, fun game about a strongheaded mechanic, a noble, and three 'others'. The story was good and the game was customizable. If you don't enjoy grinding, Easy gets you through just like a visual novel, a very easy run. The end is somewhat bittersweet. Wonder if the 'enemy general' will ever meet the Empress again."
76561198060724217,Recommended,278460,23569663,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,acorn00_us,"Skyborn is a fun jrpg.  It is easy to pick up and play. Downside- it is kinda short, and very linear."
,Recommended,278460,23562658,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,fmartel77,"Love this game ! Toataly hooked on first minutes ! Classic look, solid story ! Careful though, it's an addictive game !!"
,Recommended,278460,23967697,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Feather Rose,"Tidy little RPG. 100%'d on Hard Mode in about 15 hours. Early game didn't impress me, but the characters and art were enjoyable enough that I stuck with it. Glad I did. Late-game provided delightful tactical challenges, and the story, while not particularly complex, was solid.Took actual effort to complete the optional bosses and defeat the final boss—effort, not just time. There is no grinding in this game, since there's a finite amount of enemies. They don't respawn. You can't farm.The balance was just right for it, though. Even when I was slightly over the power curve, enemies in most areas were still able to present a tangible threat, and as noted, the final boss was a real challenge even after completing optional challenges. I had to optimize my resources very carefully in order to avoid retries.Oh, and you get to retry a fight you lost instead of just falling back to your latest save, which is nice. Saved me a lot of time against some of the tougher enemies.Come for the steampunk. Stay for the characters. Leave proud of your accomplishments."
,Recommended,278460,22819958,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,romkey,"If on sale worth it to buy, but I wouldn't pay full price. The game is good but not amazing - a good story though not terribly unique and the characters are written very archetypically. The game is a bit short, though once again if on sale a good length for the money.I wasn't a fan of the level up system which left absolutely not customisation options except for the two class changes/selections.My main gripe with the game is simply I found it too easy (played on normal) until the very last boss which I can't get past. Obviously I need more upgrades but if I was going to struggle so much on one fight I should have at least found the others difficult. I went from defeating enemies with ease to trying 10+ times and not even getting the last boss below half health."
76561198138833791,Recommended,278460,22963452,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Detective Spooks,"Well, this game is quite lovely, though it may have been made it RPG maker, it is still pretty well done and i would recommend this to anyone who is too lazy to make thier own game for free, or who just want a well done story with loveable characters too."
76561198031859124,Recommended,278460,22750544,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,jtucsok,"This game has a great story behind it and a moral undertone great for kids . The grafics a good for an rpg maker game and the linear gameplay keeps you on coarse if you like that (i prefer non-linear) . If i had a copmplaint it was too short I finished the game in one day at lv 30 , it needed more side quests or an alternate ending ie. a dif path for the hero but all in all a good game well done ."
76561198091250680,Recommended,278460,20798296,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Eilif,"A review from a very casual gamer.Just finished the game on ""Normal"" and I'm quite impressed. My previous RPG experience was FF12 on PS2 and while this isn't on that level, it was a very enjoyable game.  The story is good, moves forward nicely. The battle mechanics are quite tidy and not as simplistic as I expected.  I completed nearly all the sidequests, found about 95% of all secrets, areas, etc and finished the game in about 17 hours.   If you take the time to find most everything, kill most everything, and upgrade and ""augment"" alot near the end you should level up quite a bit and finish the game without much difficulty.Definitely worth the $2.50 (on sale) I paid and though it does feel a bit short it's still satisfying to complete and I in no way feel shortchanged.  While I probably won't go back and play through on ""Hard"" I definitely hope they come out with a sequel."
76561198274455624,Recommended,278460,20730268,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,tuxianus,"I am not a combat type rpg player. I am mostly story type. So this game turned out to be perfect for me. Sound and backgorund music was setting the mood well. I prefered combats in easy mode, even in this case I feel if I get careless I may have to reload and lose progress. For story telling I recommend this game. I had a entertaining couple of days and I am a happy gamer now.PS : thanks for linux support"
76561198036454367,Recommended,278460,21198586,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Rattler,"Protagonist is a Steampunk Mechanic? Check.Protagonist is female? Check.Protagonist is awesome? Check.Protagonist wears Glorified Hairband Goggles? Check.Amazing Character Development and humor. Claret Spencer is, in my opinion, right up there with characters like Lloyd Irving from Tales of Symphonia in personality as the lead protagonist.The Battle System is well done, allowing you to command the whole battle using a visible Threat system. You got a Tank? You can pretty much guarantee enemies will go for the Tank by keeping their threat up while pounding away with your other characters.Frankly I'd love to see more adventures with Claret. For an RPGMaker game, the world and the lore behind it are well done.Only thing that would make it better would be Claret as a redhead. ;) But... that's just me.Whatch and learn kimosabe!"
,Recommended,278460,22117708,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,teslawitch,This is the game that finally got me into gaming. I still haven't finished it stimply because I never want it to end.
76561198220050223,Recommended,278460,22052644,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ccmccaskey,"Skyborn is a good RPG. It has a good story with characters that you will like.  I enjoyed my first playthrough; however, I have no real desire to play through the game again.  While I enjoyed the game,  it is simplistic in its greatness. I wish the characters were more fleshed out and at times, the character development were rushed or not in focus. Overall, I would recommended this game."
,Recommended,278460,21983184,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,I think I found my waifu guys
76561198044726835,Recommended,278460,22549147,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Threzque,"Short well written script, sound and UI.  Love the UI that you can use mouse or keyboard or gamepad.Fast pace. No griding needed to complete the game. (I play game for stories)However, a lack of griding can be double edge sword. The strongest boss is nearly undefeatable without a good strategy and luck."
76561198055493797,Recommended,278460,21682535,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,spudwalt,"Skyborn is a turn-based RPG in the vein of old-school RPGs like Final Fantasy. You control a band of characters that are trying to save the world from the tyrannical yadda yadda yadda, you know the drill. It was all made with RPG Maker, but don't let that turn you off -- I'd say it's worth a look.I found this game rather charming. While the plot, music, and graphics aren't the newest and shiniest things ever, everything is good quality and holds together well enough for me to enjoy playing through it -- I even want to run through it again later. There are moments between characters to establish them more beyond ""insert hero person here"", and the world combines steampunk with a more standard fantasy setting in a way that's enjoyable, with more going on than is apparent at first. While there might not be a whole lot more to do than just the main story, there are some sidequests for players who poke around looking for extra treasure, and there's a crafting/augment system for people who want to micromanage their equipment a bit more.The battle system is pretty fun to work with -- each character has a threat level that rises as they do damage, and whoever has the highest threat will be soaking up most of the attacks. The key is to make sure the tankiest character in your group keeps their threat level the highest (easier said than done, at times!), and I feel it works fairly well. Most fights are fairly simple, though there are some trickier fights later in the game -- the final boss and bonus boss in particular are pretty darn hard to deal with.All in all, I'd say give this game a try if a charming little steampunk/fantasy turn-based RPG with fun characters and a neat battle system sounds interesting to you."
,Recommended,278460,21758026,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BrawlyWhiteWolf,I Like this game a lot and would 100% suggest it to anyone who enjoys Steampunk and this style of RPG. Great story! Love the characters! Enjoyable for the most part with only a few gameplay downsides like the lack of monster re-spawns and no NEW GAME + which would have made this game replay able time and time again. Other than that it was truly great.
,Recommended,278460,26974720,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,miguelaltorre0145,10/10 ign would play again
76561198075458311,Recommended,278460,27018359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blingtree,"The good+ Played through once on hard, now happily doing it again for the achievements, which says something because I don't like redoinganything.+ A decent playthrough takes about 40hrs (on hard, getting everything) which is well worth the money.+ Excellent story for a game of its genre.+ Bonus: good music, which doesn't get boring even after 60 odd afters or wherever I'm up to now.Meh stuff~ Con for some could be the art style, but I'd actually consider that a plus as I grew up with this stuff.The bad- uh, no major cons that I can think, altho you do have to be careful what order you do some things, but that's standard with rpg games. Save often, as always. Or not, if you want to make it harder and you're that kind of person lol.TLDR10/10. Heaps of replayability."
76561197970984871,Recommended,278460,26373508,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Judicial,"Reasonably good for what it is (rpg maker). There is no battle animation like Chrono Triger, but the story is decent. It also gets a thumbs up for Linux support. So I give it a solid 7/10."
,Recommended,278460,26713063,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,OneEyeRogue,I like the game but it's kind of short when I played the game.The final boss was really hard.
76561198315720560,Recommended,278460,28695276,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DaxiaoD,"This is by far one of the best RPGs I've encountered on Steam. It's easy to get into, fun to play, and rewards exploration. All a satisfying experience."
76561198052254704,Recommended,278460,28925285,Posted: 1 January,all,Ghlen Livid,"A fun adventure 8-10 hours worth of playtime, if not for the glaring balancing issues.Long story short, you are expected to grind out every bit of optional content, otherwise last boss will wipe the floor with your party. Which also sorta comes out of nowhere -- most enemies up to that point you can dispatch with relative ease. There is also a very sudden difficulty spike near the end of the first half of the game, which is somewhat migitated by giving you an overlevelled party member, but that's just bad game design.Except for balancing issues, it's good. Obviously an RPG Maker title, but it's very well done.Overall, buy it on a sale. Can't recommend buying at full price though."
76561198008714964,Not Recommended,278460,28776520,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kyuen,"While this game harkens back to what is good about console RPGs...character leveling; weapon mods; mathematics based combat; boss monsters...it barely builds up enough steam before the game ends. However, character leveling is missing skill customization and is automatic tacked on attribute points; weapon mods are very simple and is easy to get to the higher level wpns; boss monsters really aren't that powerful or add much story (and no good item drops) to the arena they appear.I've logged 15 hrs which is very short compared to the weeks I spent playing things like FF. But then this game was purchased for $4."
76561198079407542,Recommended,278460,28807941,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,victorious gaurd,"great game, moving storygot to like retro rpg style game tho"
76561198090123913,Recommended,278460,33363358,Posted: 7 July,all,Serithiel,"This is not worth full price, the game is very short, it's story is alright, and the combat could be better, but I still enjoyed it. If you are looking at buying this game wait until it's on sale."
76561198030846606,Recommended,278460,29105571,Posted: 7 January,all,Turducken101,Very well done indie RPG. Favorite part is the music though! Love it.
,Recommended,278460,29256812,Posted: 14 January,all,DamianLeonhart,"I enjoyed this game quite a lot. The story was good, however it is a little short. If you skipped the traveling/battles this game would take about 2 hours to complete. I found several tile errors while playing the game which draws away from the good story. Art was good, I didn't compete in the arena and skipped a few side quests. There's no tutorial for several of the games features like classes, so I never used them. You can't find or make accessories, so I never used any. I ended up around level 45-50  by the end of the game and never had any issues with battles or bosses. I'd buy a sequal if there ever was one."
,Recommended,278460,29488726,Posted: 25 January,all,Rollo545,"I wanted to try an RPG style game for the first time, and this caught my eye as it has a female protagonist (a non-Mary Sue one at that!) I was a little skeptical at first, but the gorgeous art and soundtrack quickly won me over. There is no character in this game that is not at least understandable. The protagonists are likeable and relateable, and there were parts of the ending that I honestly didn't see coming. Fairly easy to beat, but really hard to get 100% completion, so good replay value. The humor is spot on, as is the pathos. All in all, a great introduction to the genre for me. Five stars easy."
76561198315402874,Recommended,278460,30087810,Posted: 21 February,all,Kyuurika,"It's definitely one of my favorite RPG Maker games on Steam. The characters are likeable, graphics are nice and the story is really good. Every battle brings a lot of fun. I definitely recommend it."
76561198150735962,Recommended,278460,33655989,Posted: 19 July,all,The Dude,nice game with a 90s art style. 9-10 hrs worth of fiun!
