user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004037865,Not Recommended,279140,17068211,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Strangest Danger,"This game isn't terrible, but it has a few problems that makes it a terrible Great War simulator.  Here is the run-down:1.  Allied forces are HEAVILY favored.  What do I mean by that?  Simple, all the units on the different sides of the conflict are equivalent.  A German infantry is equal to that of a French or Russian infantry.  The German military was the best trained, the best equipped, and the best supported army in the conflict.  Some would even put this military on par with the greatest militaries of all time.  Russia, on the other hand, was supposed to be slow to mobilize and ill-equipped.  I played a game where AI Russia was in Berlin before the end of 1914.  Because the units are equal in strength, the Allies, with huge size advantages, will likely always win.2.  Serbia is too weak.  Historically, Serbia lasted a surprisingly long time.  In this game, Serbia doesn't have even close to enough resources to supply its comparatively huge military.  Austria-Hungary rolls them up as a matter of course, because the Serbians starve to death and run out of guns.3.  Belgium is too strong.  I played a game where Belgium completely repelled Germany (one of the greatest militaries in history), and even took ground in Germany.4.  The Allied forces start with Great Britain already involved.  GB wasn't keen on getting in on this war, and only planned on doing so if Belgium's neutrality was violated.  GB also only had the expeditionary forces on hand to wage a land war, in this game they seem to have a pretty healthy army from the start.5.  Austria-Hungary is too good.  The Great War is the tale about how Austria-Hungary constantly did the exact opposite of what Germany wanted, and as a result, they were getting pummelled by everyone, including the Kingdom of Serbia.  The only force AH knows how to fight is Italy, which leads to the next point:6.  Italy is too strong.  Historically, Italy failed to take the exact same river 9+ times against Austria.  In this game, it's only a little harder than taking any other position.I'm sure there are other problems, but let's move on to mechanics:1.  The Great War was insane.  Battles went no where, and the defenders always had the advantage.  Hence, both sides would put up trenches, and fortify, fortify, fortify.  Attacks were suicidal.  This game doesn't do trench warfare well because the units and regions are too large.  These trenches were separated by only a few hundred yards, loaded with barbed wire, and supervised by machine guns and artillery.  Units would stand at a stalemate for months at a time, with no progress being made, constantly under a hail of shells.  In this game, you have to commit massive armies to an attack, and the attack lasts until one side loses.  Smaller units or smaller regions would help solve this issue.2.  You can always see all the units of the enemy.  Observation planes and observation balloons only give your artillery bonuses to hit (which they need, because they can barely ever hit).  This is not a good feature for a game where air superiority meant you knew where your enemey was, and they didn't know where you were.3.  Big, important advances (such as metal helmets) aren't commented on in the game.  You also can't upgrade units (as far as I can tell), which makes no sense, considering the only different based on technology would be equipment.  Upgrading a units defense by giving them helmets sounds pretty easy to me.4.  Diplomacy is difficult to achieve, because it takes place over lengthy, incremental time periods.  Far longer than the scope of the game.  I tried playing the US in the 1912 campaign start, with the goal making a Western Hemisphere alliance, but for some reason only Nicaragua was interested.  I offered aid to many countries, and every couple of turns, they cancel the aid (why give up free money, I ask).  The AI just sells you stuff until they run out of stuff, and they buy stuff until they think they have enough stuff.  There is not indication of a desire to reach sustainability.  Aside from war, that is every diplomatic choice you really have with them, except for the absolutely pointless support factions options.  I say it is pointless because I couldn't find a point.  I couldn't see any change over time whatsoever.This is just a short list of what I found disappointing about this game.  What I wanted was an accurate, defensive shlog that would reflect the Great War.  What I got was a game where offensive movement is far too easy to accomplish."
76561198005057007,Not Recommended,279140,18680693,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,WhiteHound,"I'm a big fan of all the Paradox games like Europa Universalis, Victoria, and Hearts of Iron.  I really wanted to like this game, set exclusively in the First World War.  But the problems with it are too great to overcome.PROS- It's nicely complicated, like the Paradox games.- The graphics are as good as one would like for this type of game.- Naval warfare is better than any of the Paradox games.CONS- First and foremost, there is no concept of supply, really.  The AI sends units to the most outlandish places with no hope of being supplied.  For instance, I was playing Austria Hungary and late in 1914 I was attacked by several Japanese infantry units coming from Finland.  That is not an isolated incident.- Provinces are empty, leading to constant whack-a-mole in your rear areas.  Bad enough with rebel uprisings, but when a random cavalry unit from a country 12,000 miles away pops up and conquers half your nation, (see above), it's a real problem.  Every game designer should program the EU model where every province has some sort of garrison automatically.- The AI in general is just poor.  No concept of depth in defense, reinforcing weak areas or bottlenecks, and so on.  Pretty common in these types of games.SUMMARYNice ideas, nice-looking game, but hamstrung by bizarre AI, lack of supply, and various small bugs with units popping up in the middle of nowhere."
,Recommended,279140,18093754,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Veers XII,"I start out my game as the Kingdom of Bulgaria, the year is 1914. For the past decade or more Europe has been increasing in tension and agressiveness. Germany Russia and France seem determined to drive the world to war and destruction. In the last two years Bulgaria has expanded its holdings in the Balkans to include the region of Thrace thus giving us access to the Aegean. However this is not enough, there must be more. Bulgaria shall be a great and respected power on the world stage once more, no matter how many of our neighbors will have to sacrifice themselves to attain our goals.I begin by increasing our military training capabilities by construction many recruitment centers across the land. The Bulgarian people shall be trained in the ways of war and will never be compared to some lowly militia. However it will take several months before the army becomes a true war machine worthy of its name.Yet it seems that fate has other plans. News reached Sofia early on the 29th of June that the heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary was assassinated by Serbian nationalists. The cabinet and several high profile generals were assembled quickly to decide what to do. It was soon declared that the military would move all forces to the Serbian border in case of war between Serbia and Austria.Weeks pass and it seems that things have taken a turn for the worse. Austria is demanding terms that no leader of a respectable state would accept. And the Serbians have categorically refused to meet the Austrian terms. As many countries move to  some state between war and peace Bulgaria call its reservists to their posts for an indefinite period of time.The date is July 29th. News reached us that the Austrians have declared war with Serbia and are intent on making them pay for their crimes. Over the next few days Russia, Germany, France, England and all her subjects are at war. News has also reached us that Italy has abandoned her alliance with Germany and A-H. Japan has invaded Germany's Pacific holdings intent on claiming them for itself. As of now America. Romania, the Ottomans, and Spainards are neutral in the war. We are not sure whether or not any of these countries will intervene in the war.It is now August 13th. Events have snowballed faster than we could have imagined. Germany and Austria have won astounding victories in the east over the Russians and Germany has completely taken over Belgium and Luxembourg and is now advancing into northern France. Germany offered us an alliance and a chance to form Greater Bulgaria out of the Balkans. We would not pass up the chance as we knew that Austria would soon swallow all of Serbia and might not stop there. We launched an invasion that had been planned many years ago. We sped into Vardar Barnovina and Morava. However it seems that we were too late and could not get any more of Serbia as our forces soon met with our Austrian allies.A month passes. Our forces have smashed into Albania and taken the country by storm giving us access to the Adriatic Sea. However our forces were surprised and horrified to learn that the Russians had launched a naval invasion of eastern Bulgaria and had taken Southern Dobruja and Eastern Rumelia from us. They were marching on our capital and that would not be allowed. We used what little train rails in the region we could and sent our elite forces to create a wall 30km east of the capital. The rest of the army arrived as fast as they could. With our new artillery captured from the Serbians and Albanians we strike the Russian lines and push them back to the sea. Bulgaria is safe once more.Several weeks later Bulgaria is better than ever. With the crushing defeat of the Russian invasion troop morale is higher than ever. The public is also happy as we have disbanded 15 divisions of farmers being held in reserve to go back to their farms and families. These men are being replaced by new Bulgarian Infantry being trained by German military advisors lent to us by the Kaiser.It is now January of 1915. Under the cover of winter we have launched an invasion of Montenegro and captured the country. This mountainous land will be a good proving ground for our Alpine units. With this our Balkan aspirations are almost complete. Bulgaria is once more a great power on the world stage. Germany has pushed the French and English armies out of continental Europe. Their victories in the east have shaken the faith of the Russian people and many of their lands are in out right rebellion. The Uzbeks. The Kazaks. The Finns. The Armenians. The Germans have also granted the Poles a land of their own and have joined us in our fight against the encirclement of Europe.In March the next phase of Bulgarian expansion is put into action. The invasion of Grecce has started. This will be the true test of our miliary skills. Even the Kaiser himself has travelled down here to observe the invasion in person. We start with a full out invasion of Macedonia complete with our entire artillery arsenal. However the real strike comes when our elite veterans smash into Epirus in western Greece. It works fantasically, the Greeks send the majority of their forces to Salonika while we head straight for Athens.However, it seems that fate again would have other plans. The Greeks hold out much longer than expected in Macedonia, they are indeed worthy opponents. Our new young recruits are sent straight into the baptism of fire as soon as they have gotten a basic sense of survival on the battlefield. We are wearing them down, slowly ever so slowly. Word reaches us that the Greeks have crossed the Aegean and invaded Anatolia. It would also seems that because of agressive German submarine tactics America joined the war on the side of the Entente. It matters not they are an Ocean and three Seas away they can do no harm to Bulgaria.It is now May of 1915. Events have taken a turn for the worse. In our brash rush to invade Greece we have overlooked our eastern territory. The English, it seems, have staged a massive landing in Gallipoli. However, most of the Turkish forces that would be guarding the capital are in Anatolia trying to establish a link with the rest of their empire in the east. The damned Brits quickly spread out their invasion reaching the Romanian border and linking up with the Greeks outside of Salonika. The Italians have also invaded Albania seeking to claim what they see as rightfully theirs. Our forces are spread too thinly across the land and we start to lose land.Quickly our cavalry forces are pulled back from the siege of Athens and charge to Valona. However it seems that the Italians have already come and gone and word reaches us through the terrified civilian populace that they have headed north. For once in this campaign fate has smiled on us. The Austrians, sensing a larger Italian force coming shortly behind have sent troops to their southern border and help us reclaim our lands from the Italian.Our brave soldiers have finally taken Greek Macedonia and the rich port will help to improve the Bulgarian economy. Our battered army heads eastward to confront the British menace. Though we have taken many a beating we still hold our heads up high as we have yet to lose a battle in the war so far. And we are right to be proud. Our brave young men destroy the English at the Second Battle of Plovdiv. We free Constantinople from dread Russian rule and return it to the Turks. We reclaim our coastline on the Black Sea and turn our heads east again, ready to finish the job of conquering Greece.But it seems that fate has a cruel hatred of Bulgaria. The Greeks have pushed into Southern Bulgaria from their holdings at the south of the continent. The Italians have taken the Albanian coastline and have begun to march inland. The Romanians have launched a full invasion of our lands. All we have left is the land of Montenegro to hold out until the end....It is near."
76561198055472843,Recommended,279140,15025702,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,of Anwyl (Adv_Blitz),"Making History II: The Great War is a grand strategy game set around the time of World War I (there are two starting scenarios, one starting in 1912 and another starting before the assassination at Sarajevo in 1914 going into the 1920s and the Soviet Revolution) This game consists of the entire world cut into small regions, accurately representing the borders and geography of all countries that existed at the time of your chosen scenario, with various populations, cities, and resources in each region. In this game (it is a turn based strategy game with each turn taking 1 week) you can choose any country in the entire world and lead that country, industrializing it, modernizing it, engaging in diplomacy with other countries, waging war, facing crisis such as rebellion, invasions, and famine. This game also implements an event system with some events that follow actual history such as the building of the Panama Canal, and others that will be triggered by drastically changing history such as the unification of Scandinavia or the resurrection of the Byzantine Empire. Another interesting thing is that at any time in the game you can save your game and then resume it playing as another country (even countries that didn't exist at the beginning of the scenario you are playing) Another thing that this game possesses is an internal editor that can be used to change many aspects of the game, from creating new countries to changing the values of regions such as nationality or religion. Using the editor you can create amazing new scenarios of alternate history that you can then play and publish to the main website. After about 70 hours of this game I can definitely recommend it,"
,Recommended,279140,14235653,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"A very... VERY detailed Geo-political simulator with a plethora of unit models, playable countries, and modability.However, the UI is rather out of date and it is definitely a time sink. At first can be incredibly overwhelming, but the ability to completely control the economic and military power of your chosen country is hard to resist. What's even better? The editor. I've spent countless hours building new scenarios using the editor which is so simple, someone new to strategy games could figure it out.I'm about to spend a lot of time making my own history out of the Russian Empire >:)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZRJysP7xZo"
76561197976117662,Recommended,279140,14975359,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Matcam89,"If you are a fan of Paradox Games, Imperial Glory, other Geo Political games such as Super Power 2 you will enjoy this game. The game can be a little overwhelming at first, There is a bit of a learning curve but can easily be learned even with out the tutorial if you have played similar games.I love the amount of depth this game has, Although war is a major focus point it is far from being the only point. One thing i dislike in similar games is a vast amount of waiting around with nothing to do. This game has plenty to manage while you are waiting for troops to build. If i had to compare this game to another game Supreme Ruler comes to mind as far as what you can do micromanaging wise. As much as i love the Supreme Ruler series this is in my opinion a superior game for the sole reason that i find this game more of a  joy to play.If you are looking for a strictly historical game you may be a little off put as the game is guided towards world war 1 events however it is only a suggestion, I have yet to play a game that was the same, There were times that world war one happened without a hitch and i was fighting off Germans in Belgium, Other times I became the cause of a World War due to my military expansion of Romania. There were times that other conflicts would prevent world war one but start other conflicts around the globe such as Colonial territories rebelling against their owners. The randomness of this game can be a blast.The game also comes with an Editor that anyone can use, This means that if you want to build a world war two scenario you can, Do you want to recreate the Roman Empire you can, Whatever your imagination can come up with. These scenarios can also be uploaded on the Making History website for all to download.The Developers are extremely active and listen to the community, I have never experienced the amount of help that is given by the developers to the players than in this game. They have made it clear that this game will continue to be a major focus with continued updates and added features for the foreseeable future.If you are looking for a game in which you will keep telling yourself one more turn and you realize that was the 30th time you said that then here is the game. Would highly recommend."
76561198142782174,Not Recommended,279140,33213366,Posted: 3 July,all,rocketman3272001,"I have been an historical game designer since 1972, back before we had computers to do marvelous things for fog of war, combat results calculation, hidden movement, and counting the logistical beans. I have noted a tendency for “big games” (grand tactical and strategic) to immerse the player in waves of micro detail of factory production, natural resources, weather, and cultural nuances. Why? The key element of any design is the Point of View (POV) of the player and what he has as a “span of control.” Is the player Churchill, or the British Cabinet, or all of those players plus the British Army Chief of Staff? It makes a difference. I got news for you, Winston may have worried about overall armaments production targets, but he was not counting the 17-pounder anti-tank guns rolling off the assembly lines.So how do today’s computer-assisted game designers handle POV? Well, in this game, it is rather difficult to tell. Playing France for 35 hours and having to set the production quotas for individual factories, decide what individual cities would produce, and determine what internal improvements (infrastructure) would be engaged in a province-by-province slog through France, West Africa, North Africa, Madagascar, and Indochina, did not bode well. There must have been a hundred of them.As France, the player is mired in minutia and repetitive detail to the exclusion of the ability to exercise executive agency over the French government and military. (And, contrary to what the game would teach us, the government does not directly dictate production and R&D to industry; stockholders and market forces wield a greater hammer in that department.) Literally, with all these micro-controls at his disposal, the player has incredibly few tools with which to set strategic and national policy direction for the French Empire. There are few tools to set diplomatic policy and influence allies and coalition partner policies. There are very few controls for setting and changing colonial policies on taxation, military conscription, and overseas infrastructure and development. Overall, policy is only directed in micromanagement and repetitive setting of parameters in each province.If this resulted in a superb simulation of the origins and actions in World War One, it might be worth it. But what do you conclude about a simulation that requires the French to have to declare war on Belgium to be able to cross the frontier to counter-attack the Germans pummeling the Belgian Army? Stupid is the only word I could come up with. Likewise, with the inability to easily transfer ships between fleets, support armies with artillery (from a province away?), and aircraft squadrons to support armies. And, somebody please tell the designers that trench mortars were designed to be used at the lowest level and do not work well as general support to a corps.In short, a lot of effort for not a lot of satisfying results. You can spend your time better elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,279140,22882168,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a0ssy,"This game does not work if you have windows 10.It will freeze as soon as you scroll, click on anything on the map, zoom out or anything else.Its unplayable and the Dev's are aware.Just a headsup before u purchase."
76561197970505738,Recommended,279140,9726282,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Zudrick,"This game is awesome, at the moment you can  play as germany, France, and a few others. as it is now i have been playing for over a couple of hours and its really good. If you like the previous making history games you will love this one. The game has been running really smooth and I havent experienced any bugs yet. There area few thing that havent been finished like casualties in battles show up for me as ""XX"" but so far its running really smooth and is a lot of fun I think you will be pleasently surprised. The game is a hudge overall from the previous making history's. You can really see this in the recuritment and development of infurstructure. Overall as a early access i give it buy as it runs smooth and delivers on the prmoises the dev's gave. Like I said only a few countires are playable, but more will come. only other issue i have experienced is for some reason AH will not deploy their troops to the russian border even though they have lost two provicnes so far. Many of their larger armies stay stationed in the center of the country or on the allied western border. Not sure why as Italy has helped me with France to the point that mainland france is all but one provience away from being defeated."
76561198033262701,Recommended,279140,10491406,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,alex pang,Can fund a JEWISH NAZI uprising in germany 10/10
76561198008771415,Not Recommended,279140,15149929,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,The Restless Kaiser,"I really want to likie this game.  It has a very high level of economic detail. It is a micro-manager's paradise.  The learning curve is sharp, and the game doesn't seem to try very hard to help you.  There are a bazillion messages popping up on the screen after every turn, and you just cant read them all.  They tell you trivial things, like unit recruitment, but not that your towns are not developing and such.The real snag is the gameplay.  This is such an old school interface that it seriously interferes with gameplay.  You are constantly merging and reforming armies... armies that you can't even drag a box around!Then the fighting... well it certainly captures the charnel house effect of the great war, but what it doesnt do, is readily identify the size of enemy forces roaming around.  Some are a unit or two, and others are hundreds... this should be very obvious on the map.  As for balance, it seems messy.  France is easily defeated in Europe.  Conversely, Russia feels conspicuously powerful.But after a a healthy 40 hours of gameplay I have to conclude it is a bit lacking.  Hopefully future patches will address some of these things.3/5"
76561198011546324,Recommended,279140,9863475,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GenghisGhoul,"10/10Excellent Game.To whom ever enjoys historical strategy, and wondered about ""what if"" alternate history, this is a game for you. I have been waiting for a WW1 game for a long time; I finally have one. It is very detailed and there is plenty of stats and data, i.e. Diplomacy, Research, Economy, Resources, Trade, Government, Military, and much more. Pretty much everything you would expect from such a game.  But what i really like about this game is that its simple enough for new players to learn quickly, but not to simple that hardcore players will be bored or disapointed. The UI is clean and crisp, easy to read and to understand. Army managment is easy and streamlined compared to other games of this genre. A welcome improvement IMO.Now of course this game is still early access so there is many features that are absent or not working as it should. The AI still needs improving and tweaking also. But that is to be expected with any beta. I am very much looking forward to the fully completed version of this game. IMO i like this game more then any of the Paradox games i have tried because the UI is beter organized and easier to interact.Making History: The Great War has huge potential and will not disappoint when it becomes fully operational ;)"
,Recommended,279140,19538068,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,็,"Pros:+Includes extreme precision in historical accuracy around every corner+Allows for in depth nation to nation relations+Quite literally no goal set for you+Play as any nation that existed in WWI, varying from Haiti, Germany, to Abyssinia+Easily subscribe to download community made scenarios such as World 1860 (A personal favorite), Moden Day, or Alternate WWI aftermath+Without a doubt the best scenario editor I haveeverseen inanygame+Detailed models for soldiers, ships, and air units that vary from unit type and ethncity+Fantastic AICons:-Very buggy-Not many multiplayer games-Very small updates that usually fix bugs or add small changes"
76561198055536471,Recommended,279140,12323390,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,☭Russian SFSR☦,I saw My country Become Imperial again China became the Nazi's and Mexico Created the Soviet Union 10/10
76561197987174692,Recommended,279140,14269222,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nats,"The devs have done a lot to this game since beta, the release version is a very good game. A bit like Paradox's grand strategy games like Victoria 2 this strategy game is however tightly focused on the Great War, so you have observation planes, trenches, observation balloons, bombardment artillery, airships and even gas attacks.It's got a lovely simple GUI, which for a game like this is very important. You need to be able to control all your production etc in one place. This game does that really well - one screen set to control production of factories, infrastructure and resources - its really easy.Messages are well presented with popup screens and clear notification icons, you are given opportunities to make grand changes from these popups as well like when playing as the Austro Hungarian Empire you can choose to ask Serbia for harsh terms or go easy on them. Interesting diplomacy options then, but there could be more choices like being able to raise bad relationships or insult other countries, which would just add a bit more gameplay into the diplomacy.Graphics wise lovely looking clean map, sprites all have authentic uniforms. Externally applied anti-aliasing works well here to improve the whole look of the game (but it should be made configurable from within the game I think) - BUT choose enhance game settings for AA in the Nvidea Control Panel, not override game settings, which seems to blur the text in the game for me.You can trade for food and other resources that you need which is good, its taken me two years of gametime but my economy is now pretty sound in the game - it is a struggle when you start a new game getting your production and resources working well. But dealing with that stuff is more fun than it sounds and it all works well.The AI is quite passable - it tends to attack pretty well and goes after badly defended provinces, it keeps you on your toes - I am presently fighting on four fronts! But it doesnt seem to protect its high value provinces very well - I walked straight into the Ottoman's Constantinople without a fight. There are some other AI bugs like countries taking trade agrrements then cancelling them again next turn. But they are relatively minor. Combat seems to go on for ages and it should be lengthy where trenches are utilised, but perhaps should be made a bit quicker for small skirmishes in open ground. I know this is being looked at by the devs at the moment trenches are a bit to easy to build so battles drag on too much.Turn generation for me has been very fast i am up to 1915 after 130 hours in my game and the generation is no different to when I started - takes at most ten seconds which seems very fast to me.I am playing AustroHungary and wouldnt even think of playing such a large country in Paradox's Victoria II but in this game its dead easy. I really got the game though to be able to play Great Britain which has so many colonies that in more complex games it looked a nightmare. In this game though I think it will be possible.My present epic game as AustriaHungary has me fighting quite a historical war although Russia is starting its civil war in 1915 (thank goodness) and Italy is proving to be rather stubborn to fight on when it has no chance of taking my mountainous provinces. So enjoyable watching how these sorts of things pan out, watching the Chinese Communists fight against the Nationalists, and watching small countires like Bulgaria, Greece and Montenegro banded together against me (not that it made much difference in the end).Overall is a nice simple looking, but deceptively complex, game that is more immediate and less faff to play than Paradox's offerings. It is only going to get better over time as the devs tinker with it - and they are very dedicated to make their game as good as possiboe which is very nice to see. So yeah I like it, nice to see a good WW1 game at last and this is certainly the best WW1 game out there by far."
,Recommended,279140,10144585,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,kotawise,"This game is excellent. It has the perfect balance of being easy enough to pick up, but challenging and complex enough to keep players entertained for a long time. Developers seem very active, and friendly. If this game ends up like the previous installments, us players can expect to see developer support for a long time. 10/10 without a doubt."
76561198082106919,Recommended,279140,29397182,Posted: 21 January,all,Yevaud,"Overall, a very good game. There aren't a huge number of WW1 grand strategy titles out there, and if like me you've gotta get that '14-'18 fix, you could do worse than giving this one a try when the next sale rolls around.ProsIn-depth resource and infrastructure management.Addictive. It's easy for time to run away with you while playing this one.Does an admirable job of recreating the era with units, empire management and the political situation at the start of the game. The DLC ""The Red Army"" gives you a new starting scenario of September 1918, to add to the vanilla options of 1914 and 1912.ConsTutorial could be a bit more informative. There were lots of things I only recently discovered I could do while playing the base game. These may have been covered in the tutorial but if so, not memorably.Different nations' units are equal in quality at the start. A unit's ability, supporting defensive structures aside, is determined by its moral. So while you may think X nation's soldiers were the best trained in the world, in this they're all going to start off equal. It's as the game goes on that the weaknesses set in, and there aren't always historical.Could really use a proper supply system for more than just naval units, where it is often bizarre.The display of resources in your hud apparently often shows incorrect amounts and this bug hasn't been addressed since the game's start.In general I'd say this game is worth a look by anyone keen to jump into the era, especially if it's on sale."
76561198007885246,Recommended,279140,15713347,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,betts.corey,"Usually I do not write reviews, (this being my first on steam) but two aspect of this game warrant praise. Not only is this game an incredible experiance and joy to play (for those who enjoy grand strategy/re-writing history games) but the support from the developers is unbeleivable. They even helped me with a buggy save game. There is nothing about Making History: The Great War that is dissapointing."
76561198012313042,Not Recommended,279140,23317838,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,phelpsuckballs,I love the concept of this game. The ability to use combined arms. I spent many hours playing this game. Trying to change history and Have the central powers of Europe come on top. The gas attacks.  I love it. Most games of this type are usually the same. You simply move all your units to one province and let them have at it. But this game concept allowed artillery pieces to remain in adjacent provinces and rain death upon the battlefield. This was my favorite part of the game.  The game actually built a realistic WW 1 battle strategy game.  It is a pure slug fest of vast numbers of casualties.  You can\'t simply overwhelm a province or run throught it and the battle for europe is done in so much time.  The amount of resources and men needed to take a province that is well defended is quite staggering.No other strategy game I have played has better simulated trench warfare on a massive scale than this one.  I have had a lot of fun with this game.For the negative part of the game. Theyre are some very critcal flaws. No matter how much fun and enjoyment ive had with this game. You simply can\'t recommend a game that has some severe problems. But if you want to enjoy some serious simulated trench warfare. The game is very available. Just do not have any grand visions of conquering the whole of europe.Eventually the game will become unplayable. I have never finished a game before the game breaking flaws come in. Its a real shame that it is severly unpolished.  Initialy the game will run smooth enough but due to the continued numbers of troops. The game simply breaks.If these critcal flaws could have been addressed. This game could have been one of the best simulated strategy games of its kind.
76561198126671152,Recommended,279140,31497205,Posted: 1 May,all,Corporal Kek,"If you love paradox games you will love this. However it does lack some polish and the UI can be clunky ESPECIALLY when playing a country like the UK and you want to manage all of your colonies, it is probably the single most frustrating part of the game."
,Recommended,279140,23611637,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,bryan_a_b3,"Realistic Turn based strategy game with an economy system that keeps you engaged even as a minor nation not at war. This game is very in depth but that helps to bring you into feeling how the nation really felt at the time.downside however, the in game tutorial will not show you everything you will need to know. (ie how to retreat, or what is needed to manufacture advance materials.) but there is a codex in game and youtube videos that can help."
,Recommended,279140,12973331,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,NightMorph,"-Recommended Title-MH:GTW, is a  a fairly easy gs (grand strategy) title to get into. The graphics are fine, they have a dated look - which is great, because the look, fits the period.The gameplay is easy to get into, and you can get immersed immediately into carving out your own history - indeed, making history.More content is being continually added, with an additional scenario's having been included recently.The dev's are engaging with the community with regular updates, and are very active on the forums, and on other social media platforms.It's a different style to typical gs titles, to play - and I like that. But I still feel like I have control of most areas of my ""Empire"" . I have played as New Zealand, and attempted to conquer the world. I did get Australia to cede to NZ's greatness - which was pretty satisfying :PAt the end of the day, it depends on how passionate you are about period gs games and adopting early access in spending your dollars. But I think,  participating in helping to get a Great War gs title released, just adds to the experience, which I enjoy :) As an RTM release, definately worth the money and a gret addition to the Making History series, and GS titles in your library.The game is scalable , you can sit back and cruise as a smaller nation ( low ranked) or get ""amongst the thick of it"" as one of the top 15 nations .Bear in mind, I've only played 5 hours so far, but I like what I see in the early access version.There will be a tutorial included in the release. the current game manual, is quite extensive - and is being added to, continuously. **Update** Tutorial is now included, and is based on the start of WW1 with the Austro-Hungarian nation as the subject of the tutorial.There have been reports of crashes with the game by other ea adopters. To date, I have not experienced any. Performance does need to be tweaked though, espc. during the AI moves. Otherwise the game runs fine on a Windows 8.1 laptopEarly Access Score: 8.75/10"
76561198040126698,Recommended,279140,15602532,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kings Hound,"The learning curve is a bit steep, however once you understand the mechanics of the game, it's really awesome. I liked the fact that it's not as complicated as Paradox's. I also like the fact that you can play as any nation. Trading simulation works really well. Interface is very clear and to the point, free of ""decorations"" (which I really dislike in other titles). For the ones who would like to get into this game, I strongly suggest doing the tutorial, reading steam discussion boards and watching you tube videos by CommisarBRO (that's what made me buy this game) to get some valuable information. What I would like to see improve is diplomacy. I've noticed that it's very hard to improve relations with other nations. Often they will refuse help if you're trying to send some, and there aren't really much other options. This is a first turn based grand startegy for me that I got into (I didn't have patience for HOI or EUIV which seemed overly complicated and I had no clue what I was doing even after watching extensive tutorials). Cheers"
,Recommended,279140,9759935,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,AWildHobo,"A Solid game, and actually quite fun. If you're a fan of previous Making History games or a fan of Paradox Grand Strategies then you should enjoy this. Though it's no where near the complexity of a Paradox game, it is fun in it's respective elements. Yet the game is in it's early stages and there are many many bugs. If you think you can stand the bugs and still enjoy it then go right ahead and purchase it. But if you're one who is easily annoyed by bugs then i recommend holding off till later patches or maybe even release. Yet even though the numerous bugs show, I still can't help but enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,279140,25607333,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[71st] Sulphuric_Glue,"Sent troops into Russia to fight against themKingdom of Kazakhstan rises up, no problemSuddenly Kingdom of Kazakhstan starts capturing territory using *no soldiers*My armies get stuck within the Kingdom of Kazakhstan's bordersI cannot move them outKingdom of Kazakhstan refuses to give me military access70% of my army gets stuck and is unusableRussia sweeps over my homeland and wins the warThis game is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable while this bug still existsEDIT:Another fun feature is that your allies will consistently refuse to give you military access through their land, even though allowing this would make your alliance win the war.I have lost three wars this way"
76561198038436489,Not Recommended,279140,21729223,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,too_many_mikes,"This is another great idea for a game which fails in execution. First the good, some of which are great; the amount of depth available in making economic decisions is unparalled. production, trade and accounting come together in a beautiful sauce of gamey-goodness. The combat is simple but still an engaging puzzle, not in the tactical sense but the logistical. Suffice it to say, this is a true resource allocation game and did does that part VERY well.As for the bad... the game just is too goddammed glitchy to be enjoyable. It's that simple. I don't mean that it'll occassinally crash, I'm saying that crashing is how you will end every session. More specifically, you're going to play for twenty minutes, then it'll crash. You'll restart, redoing everything you just did, making a note to save more often. Then you'll spend a couple of complicated turns positioning a fleet to deploy to Europe and fight the good find in the Great War aaaaannnnnnd, it'll crash. What's this? In your excitement to take the fight to the those filthy Huns, you forgot to save. So you redo it. And it crashes again. Now your turns are taking only a couple minutes but you're saving after each one, sometimes a couple times during the turn. I know what some of you are thinking, this has got to be a hardware problem. Nonsense. Read the other reviews. This is systemic to the game."
,Recommended,279140,19090847,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Stuart #MOORE2017,"I absolutely recommend this game. Fun, entertaining, you can easily understand the editor not to mention the amazing features. I wouldn't exactly say 100% Realistic cause the AI likes to just go all In for it, but you actually get the massive feel of alternate history, to create your own history. Having clocked 74 Hours In counting I would feel disappointed if they did not continue this series Into WWII again or even earlier to Napoleonic or eve as far back as 1776. This game Is amazing, and I would pay for more!"
76561198152007318,Recommended,279140,30433483,Posted: 10 March,all,sja7a,I played as Belgium and made Germany 'join the EU early'
,Recommended,279140,22918516,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"This is a prety good, deep and well made turn-based grand strategy game. Great GUI improvement from MH II: tWotW.ProWell researched game, quite historically acurate.Good battle systemInteresting and complex tech treeA lot of different resources, hard to keep track of everything, but not overwhelmingYou can play as any nation, plus workshop content, which gives it a lot of replayabilityOk graphicsCool Russian Civil War DLC (get it!)ConsSlow turns, that grow slower as the game advancesCrashes, sometimes, not often, but it does crashSteep learning curveNot light on the CPU, in spite of the graphics not being all that great, this game does use a lot of resources"
,Recommended,279140,15537670,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Varaosa,"The game is currently the best in my opinion, but also realistic version of turn-based strategy game, with involvement of the egologia, as well as the state economy. The game also will be able to play in their own State, and the impact on the game completely all potential economic and course of the war. Most similar games such as Civilization game or beyon Earth game, so this also includes similar elements such as industry or armejan updating with the difference that they have been implemented in this game better. How so?Above all, I personally very much appreciate the simplicity but, versatility, and it is in this well executed, as opposed to a series of civilization, and that's why I like the game, even better than more of the same game. That's why I like this game!Includes also quite functional map editor. I highly recommend, especially if you like to play with friends. Forced purchase startegia games lovers, referral! :3(See also the older version of the game)"
,Recommended,279140,18276035,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Richard Nixon,"I funded a coup in my own country, thinking it was how I could change my government. Instead, I lost the game in 1 turn and got an achievment for it. 10/10, would lose to Cuban socialist revolutionaries again."
76561198071832495,Recommended,279140,10341047,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,fisher264,Great work guys. I cant wait to see future updates for this game. I wont lie i love these kinda games but i feel this game needs a tutorial. It was kinda mind blowing the amout of unites and resources to mange. but there was a menu that was easy to navagate interface. but i could not find out how to make alliances witch was a downfall. if you are going to buy this keep in mind its a time comsuming game with a small bug here or there. Its not a quick command and counqer game like i thought it was kinda going to be. by the way if you are a mac player this runs great on mac :)
76561198006695331,Recommended,279140,22425489,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Evil Overlord,"i love this game and i would recommed it to other grand strategy enthusiast, however it is not a great game but ""just"" a very good game, there are issues that could definetly need some love to make it better.positive;good trade system, however it is manual control only and you can only trade the basic resources such as energy, metal, steel, road and rail etc, factory production that isnt steel, road and rail only produce money (would have been nice to them on the market)road and rail resources, lets you move units around on the map faster and is needed for trades.good diplomatic system and it is combined with a sphere of influence which has an actual influence on the situationsnegative; ai is bad at managing their countries and it is not made any more intelligent by upping the difficulty level (just gets bonuses as far as i can see)"
76561198007310248,Recommended,279140,20326331,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,kermit_mupp,"The big problem with this game is the AI.It´s much, much to aggressive and unhistorical.The first world war and the time proceeding it was marked by decidedly conservative regimes and military high commands doing everything decidedly conservatively and cautiously.But so far I've seen Germany completely loose the war on Russian within a few turns while I as France was awaiting to get my face bashed in by them in the autumn of 1914. The Germans that did attack on the western front stuck to the Schleiffen-plan religiously and kept on punching their way thru Belgium to the channel coast even as they where cut of behind them by my counter attack.In the meantime the eastern front was a complete mess with Germans advancing as far into Russia as the could at the same time as the Russians was doing the same to them. Nobody seemed to try to build a sustainable frontline but was always trying to exploit any breech in the front they could to advance as fast and as far as they could.This is complete nonsense when you consider the history and disastrous for the game as Germany of course is much smaller then Russian. The Russians can loose a lot of territory like this - it barley hurts them. But a single Russian unit running all over German provinces, disrupting production, knocks Germany out of the game pretty fast.So next I tried playing Germany myself, thinking that would balance the game.Ok, so this game (started in 1912) Russia decided to build the largest army in the world and pretty much ignored industrializing. They also ignored internal factions and by the spring of 1914 they where collapsing from inner turmoil, with massive amounts of unrest. Then half of the country broke away in the new ""Republic of Russia"" which I quickly recognized and started supporting. So now we had two Russia - and this was before the actual war even started.I kept to my plan and just kept on improving Germany for the war I knew would come, but I spent some money fueling the unrest in Russia even further.Soon enough Lithuania broke away, then Poland and Finland and a number of smaller states. Russia was disintegrating in inner strife when I think is was Greece who for no reason at all declared war on Lithuania (which I don´t even think they bordered to), which prompted Russia to declare war on them to defend ""their"" territory (which they didn't control now anyway). Exactly whom declared war on whom in which order is lost on my now, but any way we all ended up in war with each other as we would in the original Great War - with the exception that Italy this time stuck on the side of the Central powers.I couldn't do much in the east as I didn't even boarder Russia anymore, but Poland and Lithuania, and I preferred to let that mess go on without me for a while - thinking I could always go in and mop up the rest later. I wasn't really prepared for the war I thought would come half a year later, but walked into defenseless Luxemburg on the western front and used my massed artillery (artillery is vastly overpowered in the game now) to blow the few French units away from the front - simply walking in to the province unopposed.Behind that was... nothing.I kept on advancing but there was no French army left to fight. Some units on the Italian boarder where fighting them, but no one else.When I advanced onto the channel coast a single British unit tried to do a landing straight into the same province and was obliterated.But soon more British showed up - in Russia! Or more correctly, in Lithuania where they first fought Lithuanians to advance to the German boarder where they where quickly annihilated by the massed German artillery on the eastern front.Accompanying them where a chunk of the British navy who ended up fighting me right outside my main naval base in Kiel. Meaning I had all the advantages of being able to send fresh units into the battle and retreating damaged ones, while they kept on fighting with the same units.Needless to say they where soundly beaten.The Russian Baltic navy in the meantime hung around outside St Petersburg (or Petrograd, as the city had been renamed to by then) since they had lost control of their capital and every other province with a port in the Baltic region, unable to refuel, rearm or repair - just waiting to die.So that's´s some of my experiences with this game.Now some historical facts:Nothing where more important to regimes and the military doctrine of the day then ORDER. Everything had to be done in an orderly and traditional fashion. As things ""always"" had been - so should they always remain, was the conservative thinking of the time.There was absolutely NO acceptance for risk taking or gambling in either war or politics. (A side note here is that we today of course see the outbreak of war over the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand as completely irrational risk taking, but that is not how is was viewed at the time).No country should advance at the cost of loosing their own defensive frontline. Defense is the most important thing - not attack. Troops should build thick defensive lines before they even think about attacking.No country should (in peace time) collapse in inner turmoil as Russia did in my last game. Nothing was more important for the old regimes holding the power at the time then to stay in power. In peacetime they should prioritize keeping their country happy or at least content. I don't know what the Russian AI did in my game to get those levels of unrest but I have played Russian before and never had anything like that - not by a long shot.What I do know is that the AI spent heavily on the military - money that should have gone to developing the country.In the end I or Austria-Hungary or any other big power didn't even have to attack them for them to collapse - they did it all on their own (long before I started fanning those flames).The British navy would never have fought an open, massive battle with the German high sees navy right outside Kiel. It's highly questionable if they ever would have entered the Baltic with any capital ships at all - it's to far away from safe bases.And landing the main body of the British army in a Russia engulfed in a massive civil war while they send almost nothing to help defend France?I don't know where the French army went either - maybe they where somewhere in Russia as well while I was marching down Champs-Élysées? Doesn't really matter - they where not where they should have been anyway.So right now the AI is way to aggressive and stupid to make this a working game.But I am nonetheless recommending it as I hope the developers will fix this.Get it on sale as I did and don't expect it to be perfect but see the money as a way to support the developers. One day they might get it to work."
76561198036235415,Recommended,279140,14288445,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,1 rooting tooting motherfucker,"Fun game, if your familiar with grand strategy games it should be easy to pick up and play. The one of the best WW1 gs ive played but theres not many out there. The only big issue I have with game(and the series) is that there is no repercussions for going to war (i.e USA can take over all of Central Amercia and South Amercia without any internetational intervention) they seemed to try to fix that for this game but it doesnt really work to well. The only other kinda big issue is the UI looks alittle wanky at the start. Overall if your into grand strategy/a history nerd like me id say buy it, but if your not you can pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,279140,29260080,Posted: 14 January,all,Maximum Overdrive,"Okay, so this is pretty much a more expensive version of Calm Before the Storm. Legit, just buy Hearts of Iron 4, its better in every possible way, and worth more. Like, this game is like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mix of total war and Darkest Hour, with the added benifit of ""if you spam enough, then you win"". I don't know how many times I just spammed Marines and took over Germany as France. Additionally, you get the added benifit of knowing you blew 30$ that would have beeen better spent on games like Victoria 2 or Hearts of Iron. This is a game that should only, ONLY, be bought if you're new to grand strategy, because this is just a spamming sim."
76561198011432984,Not Recommended,279140,16714572,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,twinny28,I played a game as Australia fully expecting to have my diggers fighting all around the world with my commonwealth allies but instead had to mircormanage my economy. The only wars I was involved in was fighting civil wars against rival Australian factions! There was alot of war going on around the world but I was never brought into it. I am guessing its because I am an economics nube so Ill give it another go. Worried this game might be a flop :(
76561198028759329,Recommended,279140,9786490,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Kang of Timbuktu,"The game is obviously still in an early development. However, this game will be great upon completion. If you are thinking about buying this game, it may seem a lot more confusing for you if you haven't played Making History II. At the moment, the game lacks many features and you can only play as Germany and France. But the devs are releasing patches quite often and in my opinion, this game was well worth the $20."
76561198006538737,Recommended,279140,30115519,Posted: 23 February,all,Belisarius Potato,Replayable.Accurate.Turn Based.All countries playable.
,Recommended,279140,15155570,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,druebey,"positives:1. fairly simple in design but complex also.2. tooltips are very handy as well as the encyclopida3. each unit type has its own sprite, at least that I have seen and its not rinse and repeat...4. TBS, not for RTS players, allows for more things to happen at once.5. trade is well thought out and implemented(minuses coming in the negatives ;D)6. economy is well thought out and balanced to a degreeNegatives(not many of them):1. wish that there was more items to sell than arms, road capacity, rail capacity, ship capacity, food(generic), metals(generic), oil, fuel(generic), etc...2. wish there were more units and more factory types/crop types/farm types3. Wish there was more than one type of ""product"" that could be made as a primary and secondary products... IE like a steel mill... they made two different types of steel. One would be similar to wrought iron and the other would be hardened steel. for example that is.4. population regain needs twecked or something... its rather sad that you only get .003 mpu back per a turn. for anything worth while.Anyhow, those are my thoughts at this time..."
76561198038466696,Recommended,279140,15510948,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Downright.,"Muzzylane's Making History:The Great War is a very good game for two  rather different reasons.I was having trouble with the production code (0 and o,B and 8 you know the sort of thing and most likely my mistake )but Chris Parson at support was right there and assistance  to a rather grumpy gamer  was just an email away . Not hours or days later but help right now.That was a pretty good intro to M.H:T.G.W.Thanks Chris.The game itself after a modest 14 hours is proving to be excellent.The map ,oddly is much better than it appears in Steams add, the choices of countries you can play as is amazing,the detail quite  stunning.Ok if you just want to roll the armour ,the good  old Command and Conquer tank rush this isn't  your kind of game. I'm still trying to get my rail system up and running correctly, learning how one problem effects so widely and how to solve it is the brilliant part of this game.Micro management,sure, but great fun. You want to do something ,but can not ,if you  delight  in finding why not and how to rectify it you are going to just love this game. Its  a clever, functional game.No crashes,no long load up times,all good.Things I don't like about the game but can certainly live with..Scrolling,sometimes it works sometimes it requires zooming way out,scroll,zoom back in .Not a biggie . I think combat  est la Victoria 11 would be better, it's a little hohum in this.It works fine but having gone to so much preperation to get your merged, well fed,superbly armed, paid, happy buggers to the front line via your splendid railway I'd  like a bit of a show.Yep,sure, I know WW1 was not a lot of fun and maybe this reflects that.How does it compare with"" Commander the Great War'? M.H.T.G.W. is deeper, harder,    cleverer and allows you to choose  what country great or small you want to play as .Commander  is more instant action and thats good.You can stuff things up quicker on Commander..They are both fine games.                                                                                                                                                                     Don't be discouraged by the fact that this is  quite a  complicated game.The manual and tutorials are both A1 and so is  the forum and support.Easy enough to start playing certainly but I would think it will require rather a lot of skill to play well ..And that's good.Give it a try...."
,Recommended,279140,20508178,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Caucasian,"Very good game but Entente is too strong compare Central Powers. And African people revolting too much to normal. Except this two, very nice game."
,Recommended,279140,31513032,Posted: 2 May,all,PinoDrive,"An amazing strategy game, without the steep learning curve of the Paradox games.You can play as any nation (with the exception of a few micro states) and change the course of history.The map is big and gives you a lot of provinces to conquer, upgrade and manage. I would've liked to see more cities on the map, though.There is also a lot of diplomatic options available. Managing colonies is way easier than in past MH games as well.The game is also great for making your own scenarios/mods. Really. The scenario editor is great.The only downside is that there's some notable performance issues.Still, a very solid grand strategy game and I am looking forward to the next Making History.8/10"
76561198034989282,Not Recommended,279140,23452408,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DeFaNe,dont buy this game if you own nvidia its broken it will crash it will lag out and what not i can play around 20m and then it might screen shake and bug out or crash or what not idk if amd works better but i heard most ppl with nvidia got this problemthe game it self is really good like really good but sadly its broken if it ever gets fixed well i hope it will D:
76561198056917501,Recommended,279140,10212876,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,cmar1461,"Really liking the map, the way you build, trade, still needs a bit of work but as it is still in development i think they are well on the right track.   Maybe a bit more depth to the way you develop your tech tree would be good.   8/10Ok have spent over 10 hours in game, coming together nicely, this is a thinking persons game, if you want an i win button go play ARMA.   For those who want a challenge this is the game for you, history buffs will like this.   Easy to use interface, you can set virtually anything you can think of.   Overall i rate this 8.5/10 (Definately a buy for history buffs)Over 50 Hours now, tried a variety of countries, take your time to learn the game, dont rush in and expect to win, you wont, as you become more attuned to the war, and to running your country you will find better ways of getting the most out of your country.   Easily the best WWI sim i have played and well worth the purchase price."
,Recommended,279140,23968869,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jiri from Lego Ninjago,Belgium annexed Germany....GG 10/10
76561198009092842,Recommended,279140,12334404,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Alvera Mistress of Light,While i loved the first two and wanted a world war 1 game from Making history so badly honestly im a tad disappointed with this one i know there were alot of revolutions during the time period but honestly it seems to be the huge part of the gameplay and can get in the way of other plans to the point where it becomes total war with the rebels which keeps me from really getting into the game cause everytime i get near being able to invade a country an endless rebel war happens though i like the idea of having rebels uprise and would bring flavour to the gameplay it becomes rather a major annoyance then a cool feature i do reccomend this game but would like the rebels to be toned down and not to be a major blockade to a majority of the players plans-UpdateThe Rebels are more tame but it seems that every time a nation declares war on you for the smallest thing it sets off a huge chain reaction of wars i want challenge but having Nations declare war on me for invading an attacking country when they have no land near them or treaties it becomes pure annoyance i want to love TGW like i loved the first two but with all these annoyances they take away what could be challenging and just try to put cheap reason for a world war i still want to Recommend this game but i recommend waiting for alot of things to be fixed but if you want to try it your self its still a worthy buy the Puppet system is better then ever with being able to pick the Religion Ideaology and even make up a name for the new state the Micromanaging is Perfect and keeps the game fresh better then the other two did
76561198065548242,Not Recommended,279140,13409487,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,superfaxman,"I didn't like this game. It had unclear and sloppy mechanics, much too macro- focused while having abstract controls over your nation at this level. Turns are slow. Historical events don't necessarily occur, and the stability of every nation seems to be incredibly unbalanced. Would not recommend, I regret this purchase.I do however, applaud the developers for taking on the WWI-period in a strategy game as it is a historical period that is seldom focused on."
76561198121728839,Recommended,279140,18212785,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Communist milkman,great game for spreading my communist agenda great geo political simulator set during World War 1 I reccomend waiting for a sale 30 bucks is too much for what you get but still a fun game
,Recommended,279140,25433208,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Littlebples,Honestly not enough WWI games of this sort. It's a good paradox like game without 100 dlcs that make the game incomplete with. Reccommend you get it!
,Recommended,279140,15658840,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Art Bell,"I've played MH series games more then other game series. TGW is no different and i highly recommend it to any armchair general worth his salt. Muzzy Lane the relatively small and unknown studio behind this series is fantastic for customer support (i've exchanged direct emails with the developer team reporting bugs, they explained in great detail why these bugs existed and how they would fix them) They are professional and love the subject matter with a deep passion. The updates never cease as well, adding additional fixes and content with each new update. The forums are filled with passionate and friendly people dying to discuss history and tactics, overall a very welcoming and friendly community. Modding support is built into the foundations and this shows with the map Editor which gives you the ability to rework the game entirely as you see fit, with the built in option to upload mods you create directly to the steam workshop or to the making history website. Multiplayer is also available and is incredibly addicting to play with friends. This game truly makes you feel like YOU are making the history.I recommend this game at a STRONG 11/10 for those wanting a serious and rewarding world war 1 RTS unlike anyother in terms of playability and satisfaction."
76561198085688157,Recommended,279140,9813472,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,checkmark98,This game is a wonderful strategy game its probably one of the best its in early alpha so you can only play as Germany. The game is Based in the World War I time period if you go out and buy it you will help them release it sooner.
76561198087549892,Recommended,279140,10374505,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,TubaJesus1937,I enjoy this game if the developers keep listening then this game will be golden. I think that this game is very enjoyable but very complex and temperamental by design so it should be played by people who don't mind the fastest game speed being days to complete. Although I haven't completed a game because the developers keep updating before I can finish.
76561198003705106,Recommended,279140,11070898,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Cait-eriona,"Seems very good far, the next thing to add if you ask me.. would be a peace system alike paradox's Europa Universalis with a lot of different peace deals, from small victories to force the enemy to maybe pay up in 20 coal each turn for 20 turns to fully annex them with a grand victory"
76561198037683226,Not Recommended,279140,17116606,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,"Lemmiwinks, The Gerbil King","Cant really recommend this to anyone... Altough its a promising game its lacking in almost every aspects. The number of available faction is HUGE (which is great) which would in theory bring a lot of replay value. However, this game is extremely hard to grasp and understand, it seduces you with its promise of economic and political management but without offering any way through a tutorial to get to understand them. Sure, there is one, but it explains you how to move units, recruit them, buy and sell on the internationnal market (which is btw broken imo because the AI either refuses most offers and when it does accept one, it is quickly cancelled because ""it doesnt have the ressources"" so basicly you waste time finding a buyer/seller who breaks his contract 2 minutes later) act on a political scale invade etc etc.... BUT this stupid tutorial never ONCE explains how to actually manage the country, what expanding/ and prospecting coal and metal actually do and especially HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ i suddendly get a minus 114 in coal per turn while the turn before that it was -10 per turn!! Building industries and reserching techs are a drag, because they take 20 turns each, thats 20 time you have to press a ♥♥♥♥ing button to get 1 building up in 1 city. You have to take each and every single individual city and choose what you wanna build in each of them. Its a micromanaging paradise, but for someone looking for a less complicated approach to strategy, this game is infuriating, tedious, and unrewarding. The soundtrac is the same 2 ""musical themes"" (if you can call them that) that repeat themselves AGAIN AND AGAIN. Either soft piano, or whatever the instrument for the other one is.  Battles are so incredibly annoying, I attack a region but then I cant see anymore what the enemy forces im engaging are!! I There are some indicators showing who is winning but ive quiclky learned not to rely on them because they show terrible odds for me on battles im sure to win, OR incredible odds on armies IM CLEARLY SEEING THEY LOST ALMOST ALL THEIR MEN. Serioulsy, terribly annoying game, that I may not fully understand.I already miss the money I wasted on that"
76561198119689845,Recommended,279140,11012005,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,TheDumbDane,This game is every thing I hoped it would be.I personally love the making history games because its not ridiculously difficult like hoi3 but they're all awesome and adictting.I love this game to but i know this is early access but i really wanted to have a map editor but thats a small blemish on a awesome game.I especially love this game because it takes place during the great war a time of war very few games have touched and I hope the full game is even better.
76561198085713487,Not Recommended,279140,21529517,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Calamari,"Its a fantastic game,but bugs make it next to unplayable"
,Recommended,279140,30477852,Posted: 12 March,all,Zakrok09,Really cool game! Now i am playing with my friend since Januray 17th and we are already occupied the whole planet! It's such a realistic game. Now i can e the president or the king of so many counties and i can literally Make The History!!
76561198008260349,Recommended,279140,12121639,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"This game is easily worth it's price several times over, one of the best grand strategy games I ever played, I just love how they have constructed the menu and all the tabs, it's all made easy and logic, everything is placed where it should for easy access to micro management, unlike other grand titles, the menu is often a real mess, you often need to be all over the place before you find what you are looking for and it's not uncomon you would have to study a tutorial for hours before you even know how to play the game, not in this game, it is easy and logic to get into and still it is very deep with a lot of micro management, that is one thing I really apprechiate with this game, I also apprechiate the dept of the political and interaction with other countrys, there is plenty you could do there, this is often left out in other titles, or are very simple, but I think this is one of the most fun part of grand strategy games, I also love the design of the game, I don't know which programing they used but all I can say it looks and feels more modern, the graphics even if it is less important in a game like this is nothing to complain about, the overall feeling of the game is smooth, at the current time this game is under developement, but it is fully playable, the only glitches I have notised it, when you end turn and all the countrys flags swish by, the nazy flag is in there, this is from the first world war, I don't think the nazis where even invented back then, it should come later in the game I think, and the other glitch or whatever is that the game respond very badly your mouse when you would like to look around at the map, the map sometimes doesn't follow and sometimes you must use the arrow keys because of that, but I have no doubt this will be fixed until release this developer have made great games in the past and they have all been great, so I fully recommend this game."
76561198086024526,Recommended,279140,11954244,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The Local Slut (SS),my game is stuck on turn 57 and will not move past it other then that i was enjoying it.
,Not Recommended,279140,14476145,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DangerMouse,"Get ready to sit around and wait...During early access, I was a bit disappointed with how long each turn took to calculate. You'd  plan your move and then click to end your turn and wait. At first, it's not too bad. But, as the game progressed, that turn time got longer and longer until you were spending more time waiting than you were actually playing the game.Now that the game is released, I decided to give it another go. Sadly, it's even worse. My very first turn took 15 seconds to complete. That's not fun, that's boring!Hopefully you're more patient than I am but even if you are, be warned that this game is clunky and confusing. The only thing I'd recommend is trying the demo before you fork over any money for it."
76561198047390926,Recommended,279140,13884862,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,София Де Жанейро (Alex),For some reason it says its a demo.
76561197962946527,Recommended,279140,15145189,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,SDC Robert Locksley,"I've been playing strategy games of all kinds for thirty-five years now, and I firmly believe that this is the ultimate Making History game-the one that could make the difference to all possible futures. You can either quite literally make history, or you can follow it to the letter. However it's not that easy, is it? In this time of Revolution, Diplomacy, Trade and War you can try all the choices, or none if you prefer. Can you keep your head whilst those about you lose theirs? Millions rely on you for rule, and millions more live or die by your decisions. Will you keep to the old ways of Absolutism? Have you the skill to maintain a grand trading Empire in the British manner? Or should you allow Republicanism, the hope of the masses, its head and forge a new state? It's all here-something to keep everyone working as long into the night as the statesmen of those days. Good luck-you will certainly need it in the dark days ahead, but don't forget that however the dawn of a brave new world may come, how fast it comes is entirely up to you, and it may not be as brave or as new as you might hope..."
76561198033387020,Not Recommended,279140,18105447,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Alexandross M,"Tried to like the game and I do like the economics part of it however the battle mechanics are lacking significantly as welll as the diplomacy part of it ....also there is no difficulty level setting or a way to see how healthy your units really are...and to make it even more frustating there somehow you can move troops already engaged to conquer an empty region and capture artillery whcih you cannot attach to an army to be protected.and the list can go on....being used with hearts of iron and europa universalis I am pretty dissapointed by the lack of tactics.So definetely download the demo before you buy the game(wish I,ve done the same before buying it in hindsight :-)."
76561198147807823,Not Recommended,279140,18358976,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,karstenengelmann,"If a game is supposed to be 'fun' this fails. It is slow, poor interface, confusing, and non-conforming, at least to me. The latest update that hust downloaded appears to make it so the game cannot even run - which is probably better for me, as I have socks to match - an activity more fun than this 'game'."
,Recommended,279140,16770120,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,living on cloud 9,"Quite an interesting game. I wouldn't say it's as good as something like vic 2, but, if you play this game, you REALLY need to think about what you do. And the results are so fun and this game is awesome."
,Recommended,279140,16864767,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lentus -,"I've bought 'Making History: The Great War' about one year ago because I am a strategy game lover and I must say, I do not regret it. My first reaction was a ""wow"" due the big opportunities in this game.Amazing game, good job dear development team.---a few suggestions;Some things still need some changes;1) Multiplayer. Sadly it's not working, but it would be sick to play a campaign with lets say 10 players.2) Governmet settings, lets say I want a communist state instead of faschists, it never really worked out for me. Also I had a few weird things happening like ""State is randomly switching to democracy and gets a new flag"". there must be a chance for that.3) revolt/putsch system. This really needs an improvment.---"
76561198187415438,Not Recommended,279140,17373574,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DJ SLIM DICK69,riddled with game breaking bugs like the fact that resources do not count towards your stockpile and prevent production updates rarely come and when they do they tend to break the game like the last one that prevents you from going through allied territory even if you have accsess. other than that the game is just unfinished in almost every way
76561198009789591,Not Recommended,279140,17541288,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gasdrubal,"Economic management is too complicated while army/battle management too simplified. Also diplomaty doesn't wotk at all, you can attack anybody before war and nobody care"
76561198028914758,Recommended,279140,20302868,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SNAFU,"This is great game for military strategy and/or WW1 enthusiasts. If you are not, stay away. I mean it.The game is very complex, and simulates the whole wolrd on by week basis. This is gigantic effort, devs took on it and made it happen, albeit it is bound to have some programming flaws and whatnot, that doesn't matter and I tell you why:1) devs are constantly fixing and updating the game, and2) this simulates THE WHOLE WORLD, in every bit of specific detail.Making History: The Great War is one of the best games I have ever played, certainly the best WW1 strategy.Go for it, dive into complexity, and lead your nation through the turbulent times of WW1."
76561198188425646,Recommended,279140,18810125,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,caseskarlo,Very addictive! One of the most immersive strategy games out in the market.
76561198273352800,Not Recommended,279140,25765207,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,pilapildan4,You can get shogun total war the fall of the samurai for the same price but the difference here is that total war has more content and this game is just overpriced
,Recommended,279140,15288890,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,aShotOfJameson,"Pretty nice game!Fans of Crusader Kings 2 for instance will probably find this game nice as well.If you're the type who thinks games like that are above your mental capacity or boring or whatnot, then move along, nothing to see here.Also if you're going to have a problem with the older graphics and such, either deal with it, or move along. The focus of the game isn't on graphics."
76561198097724429,Recommended,279140,10412642,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,bpoynter,"overall it is an ok game at this stage in the development. but when you dig deaper there is still much that needs to be worked on. for example much of your time is spent guessing on what a certain building or unit does because there is no encyclopedia at this point. and you find your self frustrated when trying to figure out why your colonial armys can not be instructed to do anything. or that the enemy A.I. strugles to create a solid defence. but all grievences set aside it is a game worth buying, provided that they fix these problems in the future."
,Not Recommended,279140,21036521,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Earl Von Hat,"Good game, but it freezes every single turn. It is really annoying."
76561198206308691,Recommended,279140,26081370,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Six Days in June,"A must buy for any history-lover.In depth, and the addition of cultures and religions is realy great.Check out my mods on the workshop!"
76561198121361631,Recommended,279140,23402922,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mufasa118,GReat game! crashes sometimes but if you save it every couple of turns then you can just load it up. 10/10
76561198045054146,Recommended,279140,11052462,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mr. Plasmid,great game
,Recommended,279140,33592035,Posted: 16 July,all,i am gay actually,"Nice game,some bugs but,they are not much!Recommend!(BTW the game is dead, and not being updated, just like CS 1.6)"
,Recommended,279140,16647214,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kendji,"Got invaded from behind by Nazi Germany in 1913 while playing as Romania - 10/10I wrote previously a negative review, which was based on me not getting the game to work, this due to an Linux bug. I am happy to say that after having reported this bug to the devs, they promptly responded and fixed the bug. So what about the game itself?In short, this game is a huge improvement on Making history II (2010), which I really didn't like. So should you buy it? If your an Grand Strategy buff most defenatly! Are you a Linux user, the short answer is absolutely! This title WORKS on Linux ;).This game is more in-depth, is more dynamic and feel more addicting as a good grand strategy game should do.In-deptness:The economy much improved form MH2, you have more options and in my view it's more realistic. The UI is also improved and redone which contributes. They have also kept the option to freely create vassals, chose their gov type, name, number of provinces etc. which came HUGLEY in handy while trying to keep newly conquered China in check. Simply split China up into smaller vassals, if one rebels, you don't have to deal with retaking the entire country. Plus the other Chinese vassals will help retake the rebellious China. :)Dynamic:In one out of four games things have gone historically and launched WW1 when the Archduke got shot. In one game Europe fell into looking like a mosaic plate and a bunch of civil wars out of which Nazi Germany rose. This  Germany subsequently invaded me (Romania) from the north while I was fighting the Turks in the south.The addiction:When you started getting things going and building your Empire you have already put so much effort into that Empire. So when your house of cards start crumbling you won't rage quit at the first second but try to fix it in motion. ;)-Kendji"
76561198114689515,Not Recommended,279140,17933567,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,King of Spades [VoR],"i paid for the game, and wish to keep it but it says i only have the demo, yet i paid. so it says i paid $29.99 for a demo?"
76561197992248124,Not Recommended,279140,21185713,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sgt. Barnes,"Boring game. I have played Making history: calm and the storm in 142 hours and like it, but this is just bad made.there is like 3 songs in the game so after and hour you turn that off and you can't see the trenches you have made only the lvl nummer."
76561198007333833,Recommended,279140,22159108,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Clothingohio,"This is a great grand strategy game that is easily on par or better than most paradox titles like Eu4, ck2, etc. Fair warning to anyone looking to buy the game. The game is still relatively new and has quite a few bugs and can crash. However the devs update quite frequently with bug fixes so crashes will be the main problem, so save often. My only real complaint is that history won't change alot on its own, and generally the Allies will crush the Central Powers within a year or two and the alliances will rarely change. Aside from the minor problems:9/10 Very good game."
76561198070666224,Recommended,279140,21413726,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,War Cardinal,Playing The Great War really makes you feel like your in the time period. If you not intrested in ww1 but enjoy the era this game lets you choose your own path.
76561198118536774,Recommended,279140,9812965,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Azza909,One of the best Game I have played in a while and it been in WW1 makes it so much better this Game is in early Access but is really Great and play able worth the money you will have fun.
76561198210932653,Recommended,279140,26854863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RRA Bradders,Great strategy game it may not be the most graphically pleasing but it is so addictive i would give it an 8/10.
,Recommended,279140,23952364,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RowBG,This game is fanstastic ! I very like this game :)BUY BUY BUY !!!!!
76561198060438293,Not Recommended,279140,30591916,Posted: 18 March,all,SwankyPanda,"i really enjoy the making history series and although this is probably my favourite it's really laggy and freezes or crashes when you get a large stack of troops, which is annoying af and makes it hard to play towards the end of the game. (I'm running a gtx1080 and an i7-7700)"
76561198009251637,Not Recommended,279140,22597863,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Felix von Bek,"Don't both0er with this, a great game but won't run on Windows 10. No help from the makers or any idea on when it will be fixed. A proble they have known about for a year.Save your money!!!"
76561198087696648,Recommended,279140,23211021,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,SAM_Awesome,20/10 would revolt again
76561198013650618,Recommended,279140,16704421,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Duckdawg,Made history in this game.Past didn't change in history textbooks about the Germans crushing France and GB in WW1.The title lied to me.8/10 because I thought I was controlling the past
,Recommended,279140,13056991,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Gavrilo [SRB] (Not in Serbia :(,"It has been a really long journey, but finally, I can chage my review.The developers have been working very hard to mske this game better, and finally. They have. (will finish this review soon, i have a broken left hand irl)"
,Recommended,279140,21374946,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,7thOH(Co.B) Cpt.Lking2002,"Making History: The Great War is a much better game then the other making history series. It is fun for World War 1 fans and has interesting methods for production of resources. It is fun but the problem I am having is that the AI is too easy to beat. There are no difficulty settings for the AI at the moment so you really cannot draw out a long game. Playing Germany, I had taken over France within some 12 turns unlike how World War 1 was a large stalemate taking years. I do recommend this game but the developers need to add AI difficulty settings."
76561198238489260,Not Recommended,279140,20246877,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,karenricketts,It takes five minutes out of my time and then saids `The server has been permanetly disconneted` I mean it would of been acceptable albeit annoying if it had said temporarily disconneted  but permantly is horrible!
76561198106293589,Recommended,279140,21091030,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,*Driving*Miss*Daisy*,"Very fun game, when it works"
76561197995003171,Recommended,279140,16305215,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,proplinercaptain,"The yay!-  I love the depth of play regarding the non rushed development of your economy and country.  It is a blast for me to build the roads, rail, shipping, sending aid to Alaska and Hawaii so they can get going.  Moving troops across the country to various places and so on.  I like relaxed, non rushed gameplay and evolution.   The Nay-  No weather, no management of trade ships,, no ships to build or,,,.  ,no  roads or track graphics, no building grahics,, well, except for the factories etc added to cities.  there are no forts, trenches to see,,  limited interactions between other nations-  you can't go into other ports to coal or whatever without being at war and with alliances.,  Ships run out of fuel and have to limp back to an  'owned'  port.  ,  I would like for there to be more screen overlay graphics/animations and stills.  considering the depth of the game, there is an element of  'lonliness'  about it because of the lack of,,  people.  I'm thinking along the lines of the PC game called  War leaders,, with the animations of leaders, generals and such."
,Recommended,279140,16043724,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Fallen In Darkness,Its a great game pick a country and make your own history
76561198017999636,Recommended,279140,24405022,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Eric Devendorf,turned the dutch monarchy into a nationalist facist regime... knocked out belgium shortly after in 1912. capitalized on increased industrial capacity to churn out artillery and infantry. waited for germany to attack france and layed in wait... just conquered most of germany in 1914. eyes now set on paris rome and possibly austria hungary... deciscions decisions... 10/10
76561198189029397,Recommended,279140,24737451,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,TheCoffeeBomb,best... strategy... ever...
,Not Recommended,279140,24921194,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Otto Steiner,I played making history the calm& the storm for over 1500 hours if i'd have to take a guess. Making own scenarions and downloading custom ones.But this one. I just never got quite into it. doesn't have the charm the old one had.Calm and the storm was more clear then this one.I'd rather stick to the old MH.  MH2 wasn't that great either and neither is this one.
76561198095928359,Recommended,279140,15366851,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,The Mortyest Morty,"In the midst of 1914, I, as the U.S.A was quick to build resources and train armies for my planned conquests. Soon enough, the death of the archduke gave europe the distraction I needed to invade cuba and panama. By the time Serbia and Austria-Hungary were at war, I had staged a coup and installed a fascist government. I then took advantage of the situation and invaded canada. Of course, the UK stepped in to help canada, but as most of the british and canadian forces were in Europe, it was a quick victory. I sided with the axis and began to take british colonies in africa, america, and the pacific.By 1915, I controlled most of north america and british malaysia, and I was pushing the russians back in siberia, and I practically had moscow. But mass rioting in my conquered territories were hurting my stability, and the war was draining our peoples food supply. To make matters worse, the netherlands had stepped in and were trying to liberate U.S occupied malaysia, and a socialist uprising led to fighting in the streets. Who will win the war? Who will be victorious? No-one knows......10/10 would break history again"
,Recommended,279140,28533858,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jepa,Tunisia annexed mediterranian and Asia
76561198013503655,Recommended,279140,28472752,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ottoman_Corsair,"i loved it until the point where all my reading show positive but nothing increased in fact some resources actually decreased. I couldnt solve the problem so now i hate the game. if you guys know a solution - im all ears. great game but still needs a lot of fixing. I gave 2 years and started playing again because it was even worse when i first found this game. i started again couple of weeks ago, finally started making some real good games and nations but now my resources are just decreasing without any explanation or anything. Almost a 1O/1O except for diplomacy and bugs."
,Recommended,279140,26874340,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,犬イバン bgFLaME,A really indepth WW1  game worth playing :)
76561198062111042,Recommended,279140,22906244,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dtodd33,Very good game of WW2 starting from 1933.  Very novel.   Similar ro Hearts of Iron but slightly differant.
76561198025394635,Recommended,279140,12848299,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Now i can recommend it.The editor is amazing, you gotta see it.I can even make the southern part of Brazil a free state from the ♥♥♥♥ing rest."
,Recommended,279140,13886526,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,The Nickonator,"Very complex, makes you think twice on every decision you make. Highly recommended."
76561198067797038,Recommended,279140,18313069,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Viri☭,"A very in depth political / strategy game, forcing you to weigh the pros and cons of deals and alliances, and making decissions that will affect the world and build your empire to be the strongest the world has ever seen. Many nations require you to play a more passive role as you don't posses the military or economic power to take on superior empires, and will make you take a much more political approach to avoid all out war that would devestate your empire and the enemy's empire alike. If you prefer a military strategy game, this is not for you, as the political and rescource managment gets in the way of playing a strictly military game, and you have limited control over the battles themselves, but it offers a great political system and requires a more broad and thoughtful apporach than just ""Invade and annex anyone who looks at you funny""..."
76561198126412979,Recommended,279140,19119469,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,[TTF] Amn. HoloYolo,"I love how historically accurate this game is. It's like I'm in history class.I remember when we learened Australia conquered Constantanople in 1914.I remember when we learned New Zealand conquered Washington DC in 1916.I remember when Belguim conquered Berlin with ease in 1917.I remember when Canada declared war on Russia after buying Alaska in 1913.Very historically accurate 10/10 would recommend.\Would like to thank you guys for my first ""funny"" review."
76561198139833147,Recommended,279140,16573752,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,redshirt172,"Thoughts while playing:lol wut?what is that button? And this one?How do I make soldiers???wtf is going on?Well, I thought this would be like a Paradox game....guess notSo...many....buttons....For folks who like strategy and micromanaging and♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8/10For folks who get confused by Age of Empires: 0/10"
76561198049783137,Not Recommended,279140,33173528,Posted: 3 July,all,stlin,"Initially, this game looks really neat.  But if you buy it, first do a battle.  Just pick Germany, for example.  I had 47 units fighting 4 units.  Yet after 2 months, I had lost 9 units, and they had not lost any!  Do this first so you can get a refund.  I checked this out because I have MH ""the calm before the storm"" where battles lasted too long, tho not nearly as bad as this game.Also got this pop up that tells me I have to respond every so often to a request for a 28 digit number they posted for me to, I guess keep track of!!  What the heck is that all about??  Sure wish one of the reviews would have mentioned that.Way to involved compared to MH ""calm before the storm"", which is actually a pretty good game.  A 47 to 4 battle on it would have been over in 1 or 2 weeks at the most, or by the second turn."
,Not Recommended,279140,18927215,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PoopiBoi427,Pretty crappy
,Not Recommended,279140,30836481,Posted: 30 March,all,developerx,"Okay... so the game isn't bad at all. There are some minor bugs, works just fine on almost every pc (doesn't matter if you play on a potato ot luxory gaming station). But still I wouldn't recommend this game because of the lack of updates, low amount of players and the absolutely unplayable multiplayer. With all that in mind you should buy a better game for the really bad price."
76561198297370862,Not Recommended,279140,23103049,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,romneym4a1,"MH The great war is unplayable. You can sit and build all day long, compile ALL your armies into one massive army, bomb france, or russia, or even Austria/Hungary, it doesn't matter, you CANNOT defeat the first army battle. My force was over 300 attack points in each scenario and I could not defeat an army of 100 defense points. The battle will last SO LONG that the enemy replenishes its hit points at 3:1 of your attack points. Then there is the single-army scatter plan of the AI. I quickly learned to also put 5 armies on every territory I owned, and then attacked with 300 point army. My army was bogged for the entire game never won its battle (including I was bombing the enemy with 30+ artilliary), yet the enemy would bomb my territores with 5 troops with their 2-5 artilliary. within a few turns my troops would be gone even if I replenished them fast as I could, and the enemy would walk in with ONE troop and defeat me. The only area that seems to function properly is the ships. 100 point ships against brittish or french 50 points, you will eventually win in about 3 turns. UNPLAYABLE and FRUSTRATING. (BTW, I am playing on level 5 only, not even ""difficult""). I've played both German (above) and Austrian. The A/H army has the SAME problem with Serbia. I attacked Serbia with 300 points and took me the entire game to win TWO territories, meanwhile the Ottoman's took the other 4 territories with only about 5 total troops. UNPLAYABLE."
,Not Recommended,279140,19494665,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Diego Brando,Nothing says WW1 like wasting 9hr of preparing just for the war as Austria-Hungary only to get steamrolled by Russia and Italy and Serbia doesn't wanna lose and Greece invades my ports with a Zerg Rush tactic uterally forcing me to push men of important fronts to deal with Greek Invasion and after the Russians Left the War for the Revolution Oatamin(I know I spelled it wrong) Empire redeclares war on them so I'm forced to continue fighting Russia or lose my Alliance with Germany and Oatamin so I basically lose due getting zerged and Russia being Russia and Serbian Mega Defence Force including Italy owning alot of Balkan Territory so I needed to deal with them also 12345/98765 would waste time only to lose instanly
76561198285977613,Recommended,279140,22639187,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Crusader20050,I created a Hindu german protectorate as austria and lost 1 turn after. 20/10 best game ever
76561198060212330,Recommended,279140,14344600,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,dreadnod244,okay guys this is confusing I baught this game but it says it in demo? why? I baught it I dont want it in demo :( it looks really good by the way so please help someone?
,Recommended,279140,13174794,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Djmatrix32,This is one of the best map games I have played since MH2 came out. I love having a game that is set in WW1 I tend to find this period to be the most interesting. The developers are really open about the updates and the changes they are making. I find that they interact with me community quite well. There are a lot go great features that come along with this game such as being able to declare unrestrictive submarine warfare. I feel it really adds to the realism that this game imposes and makes it feel more enticing. There a very some features that are not yet added but they are working long hours and hard days to make this happen and to get the few bugs fixed. Overall this is the best early access game I have ever played and watched it being very well built from the ground up.
76561198193371983,Recommended,279140,26093333,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Infinarius,"I really like the Singleplayer of the game. I wanted to play it Multiplayer. Can somebody tell me, if it works with tunngle and how?"
76561198122535349,Recommended,279140,24437627,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,chenkk99,"is a very nice game, it let you learn the history, you may be attacker, defender etc, you as a player decide the fate of the country !!!!! and can choose any nation of the world map, is quite fun"
76561198317161809,Recommended,279140,25434449,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CrazyWizard,I made Spain great again. 10 out of 10
76561198028723269,Recommended,279140,16038840,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ceo60,I purchased the bundle deal (both games) recently and they are worth every penny. Great games.
76561198027303944,Not Recommended,279140,15520834,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,brabazon,Product code would not work
76561198059521356,Not Recommended,279140,16383737,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,torcmac1,i have now played over 500 hours on this game most not logged i played off line mode when i rated this game and gave it a thun=mbs up muzzy and developers went and changed it so i played for 300 hours to see if its better and i can honestly say DO NOT BUY THIS GAME he has totally screwed this game up it would be fun but only if you could win in battle you can sit there for 300 turns and finish your research build your military academys build up a huge force of the best units only to get beat by militia. i just got done playing china and i just seen one unit hold off i68 militia and thats not counting what that one unit killed if your in to battling like rts games are made for this is not the game sure you can take the british and its alliance and rule but you cant take the germans and there allie and win the way to win with germany is not to declare war break your alliance with hungry astria and just build your nation up for 425 turns and you will get a victory this game is not made to battle but to manage so definitly do not waste your money on this game its no fun!
76561198130635416,Not Recommended,279140,15603993,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,NippelTwonker,"The micromanaging is way too confusing even though it doesn't have to be, especially the factory production. Also it's appallingly laggy which is suprizing considering that the graphics are poor.NOT RECOMMEND"
76561198044245485,Recommended,279140,13149181,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ϟϟ -Iperyt- ϟϟ,its gewd
,Recommended,279140,21648579,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Anastasia✯,"The devs for this game probably wrote ""Never gonna give you up"" By Rick Astley,This is an amazing thing because no matter what they update the game and listen to the consumers,.....................„-~~'''''''~~--„„_..............„-~''-,::::::::::::::::::: ''-„..........,~''::::::::',:::::::::::::::: ::::|',.....::::::,-~'''¯¯¯''''~~--~'''¯'''-,:|.........'|:::::|: : : : : : : : : : : ::: : |,'........|:::::|: : :-~~---: : : -----: |.......(¯''~-': : : :'¯°: ',: :|: :°-: :|.....'....''~-,|: : : : : : ~---': : : :,'...............|,: : : : : :-~~--: : ::/ NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP......,-''\':\: :'~„„_: : : : : _,-' NEVER GONNA LET YOU DOOOWN__„-';;;;;\:''-,: : : :'~---~''/|;;;;;/;;;;;;;\: :\: : :____/: :',__;;;;;;;;;;;;;;',. .''-,:|:::::::|. . |;;;;''-„__;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;\. . .''|::::::::|. .,';;;;;;;;;;''-„;;;;;;;|;;;;;;;;;;;\. . .\:::::,'. ./|;;;;;;;;;;;;;|;;;;;;;\;;;;;;;;;;;',: : :|¯¯|. . .|;;;;;;;;;,';;|;;;;;;;;;',;;;;;;;;;;;\. . |:::|. . .'',;;;;;;;;|;;/;;;;;;;;;;\;;;;;;;;;;;\. .|:::|. . . |;;;;;;;;|/;;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;|. .\:/. . . .|;;;;;;;;|All memes aside I got the demo before I got the game and couldn't figure it out so if you're stuck go watch ""Commissar Bro"" on youtube for some help! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
76561198012212038,Recommended,279140,32033818,Posted: 28 May,all,darkblaider,this game is perfiteket for play that like war thing i love it
,Not Recommended,279140,23490244,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fişek MacQueen,İ have played making history gold it was about ww2 you know. The game was so perfect i could learn it only 1 or 2 hour. Thats not the point mate what the hell is going on with this game so complicated so awful. İ have waited for it when i heart of it but  look at this game !! I tried an ottoman game and i couldnt build any units other than militia and i couldnt take greece 31 vs 1 regiment and 10 turn ! 10 **** turn then russia and england joined and i was like wtf is going on *.* Yeah not a good game too complicated hard to learn not  worth  it. Gold was better :P
,Recommended,279140,13784407,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kdstz,It's OK.
76561198108783717,Not Recommended,279140,23329257,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Blake,not good
76561198271580578,Recommended,279140,33996699,Posted: 3 August,all,rosii20BG,Good strategy
,Recommended,279140,14243141,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chantion,AYY DIRTY BABY I GOT YOUR MONEY DONT YOU WORRY.
,Recommended,279140,9728477,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Lev Slav,"Great game I give it a 10/10. At the moment since it is in alpha it may not be that great but I can see that in the future it will be an amazing game to play. This is my first Making History game that I ever played so I am not really a fan of the ""Turns"" thing but it is still good with me. In the beggining Italy usually drags you into war (As Germany) which is kind of annoying but of course it is in Alpha. This is also one of the first MAJOR ww1 grand strategy games which I have been waiting for one/looking for a while."
76561198287032457,Not Recommended,279140,32912703,Posted: 27 June,all,RexFortis,"Horrible game because the map sucks.  The map is the very foundation of the game, and if the map sucks then everything else automatically sucks.  The map gives you a horrible angle of Europe and you can't rotate the map nor re-angle the map - it doesn't even scroll smoothly but moves segmented.  Absolutely atrocious.  I want you to go and look at the screenshots of the game, do you see Europe?  That's it, that's what you're stuck with - most of the territories are angled away giving the appearance of being way off in the distance.  It's horrible.  Not only does the map suck, but the graphic clarity of the units is very fuzzy and lacks detail.  I had to turn it off and demand a refund almost immediately."
,Not Recommended,279140,28191030,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,greenandmagenta,it is terrible
76561198050929858,Not Recommended,279140,10012426,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Julioz,bad graphic and bad ui and if i can return it i willif you dont like what am saying about game ♥♥♥♥ off
76561198083705616,Recommended,279140,18870537,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,t_b641,First review ever on Steam. Havent played a turn based game in almost a decade.  Started in 1912 and by turn 200 I have all of Canada and all of Mexico into Columbia. Seems like the whole world is on the British Empires side  Only alliance I could form so far is with Germany.  Build up your warship fleet at all costs even if it means going into debt importing steel. Dont neglect your colonys and build up their defences early on.  Especially the Phillipines.  Dont attack British warship fleets unless they are a long ways from home.  The world hates me.  I might be aggressive but it all started taking back disputed territories from Mexico.  Dont underestimate the world it is The Great War afterall the War to End all Wars.
,Recommended,279140,18980671,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,shinmeoki,"The game is really good, if you like strategy games this one is goodDiplomacy, you have to know how to handle it while going to war with nations, in this game you cant just go to war with nations alot or with different at the same timeyou gotta know how to manage your nationeconomy: you gotta know how to have an income to pay your soldier and maintance upkeepsyes you can be in a big dept but make sure you pay some nations sinc eyou dont want all the nations declaring war on you and conquering your nation within 5 turnsother than that its awesome game =D"
76561198172293983,Recommended,279140,19537991,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,chopperdb,I love this game
76561198075111357,Recommended,279140,14552907,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Niko,"I love this game. I highly suggest getting this game if its your cup of tea, how ever if you are going have this be your first cup of tea, this is'nt for you."
76561198056681508,Recommended,279140,14333421,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PlebLordPro,Very good concept and features and most bugs appear to be fixed9/10
76561198054346622,Recommended,279140,15535865,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MrLiability,"When I first got this game, I kicked myself. It seemed a monumental struggle of micro-management and annoying AI diplomacy. The tutorial itself was an off-putting 40 minutes long and it skipped some pretty important information.After 4 hours of hard slog, I began to understand the game. After 6 hours, I'm actually starting to enjoy myself. This isn't an intuitive casual game. It takes a looooooong time to learn and a loooooonger time to play. The gameplay itself is very rewarding however, especially for Civilization fans who are upset by the recent dumbing-down of the series.Graphics aren't great. Icon based mainly, but they are sufficient for the job. Sound is little better, but the music nice and imperial. Chances are you'll be killing the volume and putting on your own favorite tracks pretty quickly though.I recommend this game for those looking for an immersive grand-strategy game. The learning curve is steep, but it is worth it."
,Recommended,279140,15820480,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,The Bad Guy,"pros1-The game is very detailed and it seems as if they hired many historians to make it as realistic as possible2- It has many different componentts and the AI is playing well. the game is interestingconsthe game really needs a final touch. You cant load from a check point without totally closing the program. constant freezing,  it takes time even when you open the very main menu which does not have anything in it except name for the nations discription and some picturs to loadover all I recomend it though these addressed issues need a revision"
,Recommended,279140,15929214,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Ponder,"This game is a massive change from World War IINo longer do you worry about building up cities to produce more and more with greater IPUs, instead your cities perpetually produce at the same rates, and you manage resource allocation and the stress of limited trading capacities.Research is approached very differently, with only one topic at a time being researched. You can expand research facilities to make the research go ""faster,"" but the system is still quite different.Save for a similar map being ruled by different countries (I mean, instead of Abyssinia you must worry about the Dervish State, and now instead of Austria, Hungary, and etc., you have the Habsburg empire swallowing Serbia. Forget about Poland.)Although the mechanics are entirely different from previous Muzzy Lane games, the experience is not by any means a bad one. The new challenge of using different, more archaic technology and units, the trench warfare tactics, and new powerful entities provide a unique experience in gaming.7/10"
76561198123550191,Recommended,279140,23966950,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,absolute madman,"Really fun and addicting game of WWI. The normal WWI Scenarios are really fun, but it also gives you an editor for custom scenario which is insanely fun. Basically the only bad thing is probably the art style, which could be better."
,Recommended,279140,19682143,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Justin,Unplayable if you have a Nvidia Driver and you are on Windows 10. The map will freeze just about every turn. Its been a month and still no fix has gone into place.EDIT: After some time they fixed it. Took a year but they did it.
76561198034962524,Recommended,279140,18091869,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,NeoXenocide,"Really well done game. Perfect mix of linear historical events and nonlinear a-historical events. A must have for anyone who enjoys Paradox games, particularly Hearts of Iron and Victoria. Steep learning curve, but lots of depth and replayability. Tutorial is a little weak, so learning the game can be a chore at times, but it's adequate for the most part for getting a general idea of how to navigate yourself through the game. All in all a very solid game. Recommended. 8.5/10. *9/10 upon more playthroughs and playing with the scenario editor.*"
76561198149512926,Recommended,279140,17618448,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Finnmaster,Love this game so much buy it if you are a ww 1 fanatic.
76561198055305801,Recommended,279140,17359722,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SimadythaWoW,I mostly enjoy the game...it takes awhile to get used to most features and some things are way too complex and small for me. I think some automation features should be added for certain things like trade and the tutorial is sometimes very confusing and has some small typos. If you like complex stradegy games you might like this one. It reminds me of Hearts of Iron and frankly I think HOI is better because of the automation you can achieve.
,Recommended,279140,17326155,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Psychedelic Coffee,Lost 1/3 of my Recruitable Population (young Dudes who can fight) in the first year... 10/10
76561198021733815,Recommended,279140,18136900,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Marlborough,Generally a good game.  Late game can get very silly with about ten wars declared a month.  AI is pretty weak and does some illogical things but plenty of depth the game and enough to satisfy history nerds like me.
,Recommended,279140,18081442,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,kharkoma,"Great game.At first I was a little skeptical, but certainly, great game.Hours of fun controlling everything and more, there are still some bugs to fix (some crashes, remember to activate the autosaves), and could also improve graphically, but certainly an excellent game of micromanagement."
76561198022810466,Recommended,279140,18099227,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ryan_dooley2,It is a decent game with a few issues here and there. For one buildings and military units take to long to build. In the time it takes you to build one unit of infantry or just some barracks you may have already lost three provencies.
76561198013308579,Recommended,279140,14230717,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kanzler,"Incredible game that's properly utilizes its turn-based nature to be just as dynamic as any Paradox title. Combat is a bit confusing but when weighed against the editor and informative UI's, it's no big sweat."
76561198119662041,Recommended,279140,17499011,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ltimcronin,Best history game i have played
76561198138678087,Recommended,279140,17375903,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Reconearth3,"I always get wiped of the map in about an hour of playing but i have a fun time getting beat. 8/10 IGN ""like CIV V but WW1"""
76561197990970000,Recommended,279140,16830261,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,nortdakotahitman,"Making History: The Great Waris one of the best turn based strategy games out there. The game is easy to get into, but slightly harder to learn. I quickly figured out how the game works after a 40 hour long campaign with Japan. The game does not give you a great tutorial, but it does help you with the very basic stuff.The strategy regarding theeconomyin this game is the hardest to master. You could have the greatest military strength in the world, but your tanks and ships may not have enough fuel to fight. Taking control of your country's resources is the key to winning the game. Without metal or coal, your nation will not be able to build anything. Invading a country and taking it over is a great way to boost your resource stockpiles for a little bit.The strategy regarding theground combatis a bit too easy in my opinion, but once the world hates you it does get harder. If you keep large amounts soldiers and tanks on the border, you will not have much troubled defending. I find armies of at least 30 divisions can hold any line. It is only later in the game that you have to worry about being outnumbered and outgunned by large enemy armies.The strategy regarding thenaval combatis what can make or break a nation. A nation without a navy is a nation that can be attacked from every direction. I would say that having the best navy is the most important thing in the game other than the economy. You will not be able to expand far and secure and land without a navy to make an opening for your troop ships. I failed to have a navy during my first campaign and that really caused my downfall. That and those filthy immigrants.The tech tree is very basic and easy to understand. I can say much on it because of how easy it is to research.Pros-Detailed units.A solution to every problem can be found.A grand strategy game that requires thinking.Not impossible for small countries.Devs put out updates like Tyler Perry puts out movies, except the quality is much better.Your people will rebel against you if you are not careful.Cons-The game gets fairly slow towards the 100th turn.Too many pop-ups for some people.Research is a bit too basic.Tutorial does not go in-depth.Cannot commit genocide, or have a plan for assimilating foreigners.I would rate this game a9.25/10"
76561198030858948,Recommended,279140,16531608,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,tiferet,"Good strategy game for the period, enjoyed it. Country management is great, I could've use more in-debth tech tree, unit and industry selection. However, all in all, 8/10 for me. And I played every turn based strategy game released :)"
76561198123918370,Recommended,279140,17294845,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,thedavid.borovnica,"Excellent game, it's complicated at first but it was really fun figuring it all out. Really well done, I really hope they give you the option of removing the turn cap in the next expansion so you can play forever :)."
76561197970538275,Recommended,279140,16476594,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,gord,"Only put in a few hours so far but I can tell you this game is alot of fun. I am a huge fan of Paradox games like EU4, Darkest Hour, Victoria 2, etc. If you know how to play those games, this game isn't that hard to figure out. Play through the tutorial first and you shouldn't have too much trouble!Love the depth of the trade, units, politics, etc. I have only scratched the surface though so I look forward to what's in store.Only issue is I wish there were tooltips so you know 'what is what' when you mouse over buildings and resources. In Paradox games when you mouse over a resource you see exactly where it's going, while in Making History, it just tells you very little. But it's just a knitpick.So far I say this game is well worth it if you like grand strategy games."
76561198087866574,Recommended,279140,16786187,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,msidyakin,awesome game
76561198019600799,Recommended,279140,16405892,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Shadow Bear,"The period research and visuals are delightful, the AI less so.  In the spirit of the period, reminding me of a young lady of my acquaintance: solid pedigree, very pretty, yet - let's face it - not too bright?I attempted a somewhat 'historical' game as Germany, villainous invasion of Belgium and all. This effort revealed that the A Iapparently  has no sense of continuous frontlines; after a couple weeks of grinding down the Belgians in Wallonie, I then found nothing standing between me and Paris. No taxis, no Batlle of the Marne .. the French army did faithfully execute Plan 17 with the requisite battering against my static and entrenched lines in Elsass-Lothringen, but that was it. I never even found the BEF, so no memories there.Meanwhile, myeastern forces (denuded by transfers to the West) still found the motivation to push the Russians completely out of Poland, while colonial units ravaged South Africa and Kenya.It's a pretty game, and I'd hope for uniform and helmet changes at Infantry II etc. -  haven't stayed serious long enough to verify. But when I return to it, it will be to push What-if limits.  For alt hist devotees, this might work well - Sweden rebuilds her C17 kingdom, etc. Goofiness like ""Denmark rediscovers her viking spirit"" - which might work in this environment.I did run a control by playing a round as Switzerland... here Germany elected to push her mobile army East, into as small a cauldron as possible ...Despite misgivings, I still give the thumbs up as I want to believe the issues I mention are correctible ... I want to like this game."
76561198044238333,Recommended,279140,16687323,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Walker,Starting the game: *Clicks UK* Ok I've got this crush the Hun and expand cus why not...Mid game: Ok you make me go on a slow war i shall use the trenches the french dug...Near End: WTF FRANCE WERE ARE THE TRENCHES?! WERE IS YOU'RE NAVY!? Oh ffs!End: (Won by going on the offensive) Oh well now what... *Clicks Germany* here we go!
,Recommended,279140,20491617,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,thylbanus,"Bought this on sale (sometime ago).  Forgot it was there.  Now kicking myself for not trying it sooner.  WHAT a GAME!  I can't add to what has been said, but I will say, this is a must get for any turn-based strategy gamer."
76561198134808528,Recommended,279140,19915297,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Caveman,SO... MUCH... FUN!!!
76561198056379950,Recommended,279140,17638434,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,cedrickgold,"After 18 hours of enjoying this game, I have to warn not to buy. In Feb2015 Muzzy did an upgrade and since then the game will not start. It just grinds on the high drive but that is all. You can go through all the startup screens and then it is just blank.I am not recommending because I have repeatedly contacted Muzzy Lane and have been ignored. Save your money for when they ever fix the game to play (if ever).I have Win7 and as stated had no problem with the demo and game until that Feb15 upgrade.This is a revised review. I now give the game a tentative positive. The last update and reisnstall has the game working again but I do not know if another update will repeat what I said before, hense, the tentative postive approval.The game appears balanced though I haven't played all of the countries yet, the balance apepars fine. The research and changing of production is interesting and has a real effect on the nations power. As can be seen I have played several hours past my original 18 and will provide a deeper review once I am able to complete a full game. Unfortunately the reinstall meant I had to start from the beginning once more."
76561198016038852,Recommended,279140,17947075,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Nixu,i have played this game A LOT!! if u are into strategy games THIS is what u need! like seriously JUST DO IT!!!   it is worth it! i have had so much fun with this game. it is pretty tough to learn but after u learn to use those menu things you are just gonna love this game.
,Recommended,279140,28443545,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[DPA] Vladimir Putin,Really good game if you want to learn some history !
,Recommended,279140,22917487,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,⚓KARHU⚓,"Great game, after various patches its a very good game, the community give good feedback and the devs work work."
76561198176036785,Recommended,279140,28712744,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,#1 Boy,If you play as Guatemala you can annex the whole of central america in a few turns10/10
76561198253811379,Recommended,279140,25526533,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PoliticalCommissar,"Downloaded infinite timeline, chose China, attacked russia, japan and any other nation around me, madelots of puppet empires near my glorious land of CHINA!Made the entire Middle East into one country of stability while every nation i had war with, collapsed because of her civil wars and being a savage AI for not signing peace treaties for me :DIGN 10/10 Would make huge puppet empire all over the globe :3"
76561198086693288,Recommended,279140,34446536,Posted: 23 August,all,Tay k,Have had this game since it launched an it has never gotten old its a great game for what if scenarios an more this game is just raw fun an has limitless possibilities one of my favorite turn based games yet I will always support this franschise because it produces great world war simulators an they are endless fun can't wait till the new one comes out soon I'm hoping to see a better map an a improved interface an maybe even more world events and randomized choices ! But for me this game has been a 10/10
76561198055535216,Recommended,279140,35509136,Posted: 5 October,all,Just the Wolf,Easier to get a grip on than some of the other grand strategies and feels authentic to the era it takes place in! Can run well on some of the cheaper computers so no worry about not running this at its max potential! 10/10 would buy again
