user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,279260,10397433,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,hsmoke,"I really dislike point and click games. Not my cup of tea. I always found them frustrating, and often found myself being stuck at a certain point with no ambition to carry on. Richard & Alice however.This game iswowYou begin your journey in a frozen apocalypse, the world ravaged by the cold. Soicety has fallen, gang warfare is at an all time high. One of our centre pieces, Richard, are tucked away safe from the devastation in a prison that is secluded from the hell above. As you begin to chat with your new in-mate Alice, you slowly discover that she has had a very dark time surviving the end of the world. This game charts her memories of her devasating and heartbreaking experience with her son as they trek across the wasteland in search for salvation.This tale is one of the most human I have ever came across in a video game. I genuinely felt myself caring for these characters, which some recent games have failed to make me do. In this point-and-click ""walking simulator"" you watch this horrofying story unfold in front of you, and you are tasked with choosing how you want things to go.Choice is a very subtle feature in this game, and if you do not carefully think through every dialouge sequence and opportuniy brought forward too you will suffer the consequences when the game comes to a close.For a rather short adventure, Richard & Alice is amazing, and will certainly leave you heartbroken and satisfied. This game has a story better than most AAA games out there, and it is dirt cheap. Get this game, you will never forget it.+ Amazing story+ Makes good use of choice+ Character development and pacing is well done. You will be glued to the screen.- Backtracking can get a little annoying- Some sequences are a bit short10/10"
,Not Recommended,279260,12957077,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kflo,"Sigh. The plot was interesting, the overall metaphor was great and I wasn't terribly bothered by the less than stellar graphics, but the gamplay is poor and overall I found this game predictable, easy and bland. The level designs left a lot to be desired (lots of open space which is painstakingly slow to move across, tons of repeated sprites/tiles, almost no interactivity with anything), useless ""cut scenes"" that are used over and over. Most of the story focuses on Alice, there isn't enough background on what Richard was going through. No desire to do another playthrough even though there are 4 more endings."
,Recommended,279260,13145488,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,virotti,"Overview:The focus of this game is a moving, post-apocalyptic story. Two people are locked up together in a world covered with ice, and Alice tells how she got there, and so you are able to play as Alice during each part of her story.This is a mature and very sad story, with very strong and heart wrenching questions, so do not expect anything cheerful.Gameplay:Simple point and click interface, with only the left and right mouse buttons to interact or the ENTER button in the keyboard to skip conversations (hold to skip faster). Simple puzzles that make sense and are logical, but not very challenging. I only got stuck once, because I did not know what I was supposed to do.Sound:Amazing sound effects that make you feel the bleakness of the environment. Really good!Voice: None, only subtitles for dialogsGraphics:Simple but functional, not a problem for a story-focused game like this. Just make sure you configure the game (setup) before launching to play it in fullscreen and use Directx 3D 9. You'll need to copy and paste the game's exe file (""richardandalice.exe"") and rename the copy as ""richardandalice_steam_final.exe"". Then just click on the game through steam and choose setup while starting it to uncheck ""Run in a window instead of Fullscreen"" and change the Graphics Driver to Directx 3D 9.Story:Very well written for an indie game, it makes you want to know what is going to happen next. There are many possible endings, and it was not hard to get them all with a guide, after I was finished with the game. By the way, I recommend saving in the beginning of each scene to help you come back later for the other endings.Conclusion:This is a great game if you like story rich games that make you think and get involved with the game world. If you want hard puzzles, fast action or shining graphics, look elsewhere.If you have any further doubts or need any help, please post a comment. Thanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,279260,10457772,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,4as,"Richard & Alice is kind of ... okey-ish. I can't really say anything bad about, but also I can't say anything good either.One could argue that it does things well considering it was done by a small team, but at the same time I see games like To The Moon or Miasmata that were made by even smaller teams but do so much more.Richard & Alice will take around 3 hours to complete, so if you have money to spare and nothing else better to do, sure, why not, go play it, otherwise there is nothing new to see here.If you haven't already done so, go play To The Moon instead, it is very similiar game but highly superior.5/10"
76561198008480668,Recommended,279260,21581949,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,VooDoo,"Richard and Alice isn’t about the graphics. It is a story based game that has a focus on the narrative. That being said the simple style of the game talks to the simplicity of Owl Cave’s vision. It’s slightly bland in some cases but never looks bad and I think that it is a fitting look and feel for the game as a whole. There isn’t a great deal of audio in the game but hearing eerie music and raging winds did convey a sense of unease and foreboding that added a much needed layer to the game, something above reading endless reels of text while waiting for the chance to solve the puzzles.Richard and Alice has multiple endings so it is worth playing through a couple of times however once you know where to use item A all of the challenge has gone from the game. If you are a fan of point and click adventures then it would be value for money, unfortunately with no real replayability past the couple of endings and there’s not much else to expect from this game for anyone other than hardcore point and click fans."
,Recommended,279260,10361183,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Contra,"Wow this game is good, the story is so well thought-through. The characters themselves, just learning more about them, is really good. Also, the multiple endings give this lots of good replay value, something which I plan on doing.I completed it in 1 sitting, in around just under 3 hours. Quite short, but there are multiple twists which make you want to play it through to the end.I recommend this to anyone with lunch money and 3 hours' free time on their hands. :)"
76561198065289104,Recommended,279260,13674700,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vanille,"Before you even consider buying this game, ask yourself one question: Do you like games with a lot of dialog? If the answer is no, move along. This game is about 90% dialog and 10% point and click.It's not a very long game. I beat it in around two hours the first time. There are multiple endings, so I'm working on those now.The game is a bit dark and the story can get a little convoluted at times, however, I still enjoyed it. There was only one part in the game where I had to pull up a walkthrough. That's actually a bonus for this game -- I hate point and click games where it's nearly mandatory that you have a walkthrough for the entire thing.I would only recommend this game if you find it on sale for 75% or more. It's definitely not my favorite game in the world, but if you enjoy a quick dark story, this will do the trick."
76561198086061585,Recommended,279260,14606755,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,gaia.razus,"Stunning and depressed story. I feel like I watch movie named ""The Boy in the Striped Pajamas"". Sadness along with beauty, what a perfect game like ""To The Moon""."
,Recommended,279260,24975910,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"A pretty decent point & click game. It took me around ~4 hours to beat and the rest is used for achievements. The story speaks of of loneliness, desperation, and a world that has to fight against two inexorable enemies: nature and human kind. If you look at the gameplay, there's not such a great challenge, but, on the other hand, you may find dramatic and somewhat decent storytelling. There are 5 possible endings in the game, and with replays from several save points throughout the game, I was only able to arrive at 2 of them. Each offers a slightly different potential outcome for our two main characters.My main complain with this game is the huge frame drops, and it always happens whenever Alice (2nd screenshot) goes outside. I tried several things with no avail, so I just sucked it up and finished the game. There's also the problem where I found it a a bit hard to become emotionally invested in the characters. After all, if everyone is a survivalist animal, why should you care which animal survives and which one doesn’t? The game tries a little too hard to tug on your heart strings with Alice’s cute and naive five year old son, Barney, and while Richard does at least invite a little bit of sympathy, the same can’t be said with Alice. In describing her childhood and her background, she strikes me as a perpetually depressed melancholic for whom the Snowpocalypse is just another average day. She is the kind of person who would be insufferable even in a utopia. Other than that, it also feels like the game didn't really live up to its own potential, and instead of leaving you with a rewarding experience, it constantly hammered you with a message that all humans eventually succumb to their evil nature, and that none of us are deserving of good fortune, nor will we find it, in the event of global tragedy—and that, frankly, perseverance will be a wholly useless endeavor should we ever reach such a level of desperation.Maybe that's all true, and maybe Richard & Alice at least deserves credit for being able to stimulate this kind of discussion. It may also deserves some credit for being engaging enough for me to want to play it to its conclusion, even though that conclusion isn’t very satisfying. It isn’t a terrible game by a long stretch, and it is possible to like it if you don’t mind playing through what amounts to an interactive novel. My final rating: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,279260,10762695,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ridge,"This game is quite hard to review. There's both good and bad points and overall, I can't recommend it.Alright, let's get the bad done with.The walking is terribly slow for such a big map, I dreaded getting to a point where I had to walk. I understand why the map is big I guess, it needs it for the story, to show the wasteland off. But it was very hard to get through the walking without wanting to do something else.The story isn't so great. It is a really good concept, a wasteland of snow, the world coming to an end, but I don't think we saw enough. We didn't know much about the gangs, we didn't get much story from Alice's early predicament (before the game advanced a bit). It just seemed to lack a little, as I feel did the characters personalities.The gameplay. It was difficult to know what to do, this is one of the games where you click everything together and hope for the best, at one point I had to bring up a walkthrough. Of course there are many people that enjoy this kind of game, but I seemed a bit too lost for most of it. Also, during the game you pick up notes and stuff to make the overall story, but I couldn't piece it together. I was very confused by the end as all these names were thrown around but couldn't link them.Good bits!It's beautiful and emotional. The art style is pretty and a lot of it reminds me of To The Moon. You can tell a lot's been put into this game and I can see people really enjoying it.In my case, the good bits are a lot smaller than the bad bits, but that's just what I picked out. This was my personal experience and I'm fairly sure some will enjoy this, but personally I can't recommend it. I also feel it's a bit high priced but worth it in a bundle or something."
,Not Recommended,279260,11243467,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,LeatheryObject,even 66% offIt's about 5 minutes of dialogue stretched out into unimaginably long and sometimes frustrating scavenger hunts.Would have made a better short story (in a book with pages) then it does as a videogame.
,Recommended,279260,12381406,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ great story telling+ really awesome gritty story+ multiple endings+ atmosphereCONS:- short game time- slow walking- MS-paint style graphicsComment:All aboard the feels train! This game really takes the post-apocalyptic setting and shows us how dark and gritty it is. Not by huge amounts of combat. It does it through it's characters, through the actions that the people who are trying to survive do. The story is great, the way we are served this story is even better. Piece by piece you uncover the truth. What brings down the enjoyment is the lack-luster gameplay (even for a point&click game) and the bad graphics. But despite these this is a fantastic piece of video game art I recommend.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Not Recommended,279260,10421987,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,KissofLye,"This game was very...okay. And that was the main problem with it. It felt as dull and monotonous as the snowy landscapes featured in all of Alice's scenes.The game itself is pretty simplistic. The puzzles aren't that complicated but they are logical which is unusual for a lot of point-and-click games. It is an exercise in patience to get anywhere in the game when you're controlling Alice however. The world is much more expansive for her and she walks so slowly that you spend a lot of time watching her shuffle over white background with some sticks sticking out of it. And when you have to go back and forth between two locations, it gets ridiculously frustrating.The story itself...it's very eh. I've seen it before. It's cliche and you can call it from the very beginning. Even the multiple endings aren't that original. It's bleak, it's depressing but there's no shock to it. And there's no emotion in it. You don't get very invested in it."
76561198025024895,Not Recommended,279260,29757469,Posted: 7 February,all,citizenflaba,"I enjoy point and click games,  story based games with almost nothing else but story, depressing games, distopian settings, And I of course enjoy games that have multiple endings based on decisions you make/things you say (especially when morality is at the crux of those decisions). Richard & Alice is undoubtedly all of those things. But done badly...or at the very least, done in a way that is quite dissatisfactory.Look the core story is interesting sure. But its dragged out. ESPECIALLY by theHORRENDOUS [/b]walking speed. I swear that accounted for half the game. It made me stay too long in poorly done MS Paint tier environments and hate the stoic unchanging character art.Maybe if this game didn't have the cliche build something out of the random stuff you find point and click mechanic, had kick♥♥♥♥♥voice acting, didn't waste your time with walking so slowly, and had better pacing, maybe it'd be worth your time. But it isn't. It was an decent idea that was excuted okayishly with a non-existant budget (I surmise).If you want atmosphere, great art, story, decision making, exploration that isn't a contrivance/hassle, dystopia, and an air of bleakness try Primordia. This was an attempt. Nothing more."
,Recommended,279260,15458369,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"A surprisingly good story that takes you a bit by surprise as it unfolds.When you first start playing, the graphics might make you think that you have purchased a weak, amature effort at making an adventure game.But as the game progresses, you begin to realize that everything that makes the genre great is present, and in excess.  This actually caught me off guard.  For whatever reason, I wasn't expecting much from this title going in.  Now my only regret is not having backed its development in 2012!"
,Not Recommended,279260,22327353,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,alison,"Ahh this is frustratingly close. You can see the love that's been poured into it, and it feels mean-spirited to give it a thumbs down when it is exactly the genre i most enjoy, but it just doesn't quite work.Richard & Alice is an indie adventure game, primarily narrative driven and with minimal puzzles. It might have worked better without the puzzles, since they are all fairly contrived, but that's not a big deal. The dialog between the two title characters in cells opposite from one another is quite good and those emotional beats are the highlight of the game. Unfortunately the flashbacks ruin the whole setup. These focus on an extremely annoying child and his mother's cringe-inducing babytalk and insipid doting. About 5 minutes in you will want them both to die painfully, but instead of the story progressing past that stage you have to sit through a whole nother hour of it. Eventually the game rushes to tie everything up in a 2 minute finale that doesn't have any emotional weight because the motivations revealed in the flashbacks were so shallow. It's a real shame, because the basic concept has a lot of promise."
,Recommended,279260,17920659,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,𝚂𝙴𝙼𝙿,"After having played through the game once, I recommend it in that I can imagine many people really enjoying a game like this. For my part however, the experience was mixed.The storytelling is fantastic, the story is interesting and if you do give it a fair shot you will get invested in it. The game didn't take too long to finish, and the graphics are good enough to convey what the game wants to convey.On the other hand, having just finished the game once, I cannot bring myself to play through it another time. The walking you need to do with Alice is too long, too frustrating, too bland. Many of the puzzles are simple, yet others had me attempting random combinations and visiting random locations in the hope that I could find the solution. I do realise however that puzzle games are not what I excel the most at, so others might find the puzzles engaging if only a little easy at times.I would recommend this game for its strong storytelling. It is good value for money, but unfortunately in my opinion the parts in between the storytelling are a little bit too ""hit and miss"" to make me want to delve into the game a second time."
76561197999518753,Not Recommended,279260,18484226,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,mdqp,"This is a very simple point and click game, with a few choices that impact the ending (5 possible outcomes in total). This game is, in my opinion, below average in all regards. I'll start by the technical aspects, then go to gameplay/design choices, and finally I'll discuss the plot (I'll put it under spoilers, know that I will discuss all the twists, so don't read it if for some reason walking blind into a story is important for you).Richard & Alice uses the Adventure Games Studio engine, a freeware development tool specific for point and click games, although it has been used for other genres from time to time. The game is functionally fine, the sounds are sparse but okay, and the music fits the theme, even if it's not memorable. The game is also very short, even if you wander around like I did, you should take about 2 hours to complete it. Not much else to say, the game doesn't stray away from the classic point and click formula, so everything works as expected, although I have seen more impressive uses of the engine.The gameplay, despite its semplicity, manages to be disappointing thanks to the incredibly slow movement speed, paired with a couple of large, empty screens, making exploration (or back-tracking) a painful experience. Most puzzles are very easy, although I would argue one in particular is asinine in the round about way you have to go through in order to solve it. Also disappointing is just how little gameplay there is, even for a point and click. The way the ending you get is determined is probably the only clever-ish thing about it, although the results are obfuscated by how indirect some of the cause-effect links are. There is a certain amount of forced back-tracking, which is not only slow, as mentioned before, but takes you through supremely bland screens. The art is subpar, It's even less interesting than standard RPGmaker tiles, and calling it functional is probably the only praise you can bestow upon it.The plot is not really great. If you can't tell the first plot twist in the first 5 minutes, you probably aren't very observant, or are completely unable to detect obvious storytelling devices. The second twist is slightly harder to predict, but still qualifies as a no brainer, and these are really the only surprises in the game, the rest is played out in a completely straight manner. The world building is incredibly stupid, there is no rhyme nor reason for how society seems to be organized (what little you can see or hear of it), several events are left without explanations, the dialogues are just painful (I can't tell if the kid is supposed to have some learning disabilities, or if they just poorly imitated a 5 year old, and at least a few of the rare ""existential"" dialogues are bland and trite, something you have likely heard before). Point and click games live and die by their story and characters, and this game doesn't provide witty, interesting, smart or likeable characters, and has to rely on the emotional crutch of family bonds for the most part just to be relatable.Now, for the spoilers:The kid is dead. It's painfully obvious, and the fact that is portrayed as a reveal it's a joke. The kid at least isn't as bad as children in other games, but only barely so. It's a cheap narrative tool that doubles as a way to manipulate you into feeling sorry for the characters. Whenever it's convenient, he'll do stupid stuff and be oblivious to his surroundings, so that you can have the story move forward, but he'll also be mature when required (and get sick to the point of no return, too). Thankfully, the game is short, so they can't drag this for too long, but it's still obvious and disappointing. You'll find several notes to read through the game, and not reading them all can affect the ending (very, VERY hard to miss them, unless you do so deliberately to get the other endings, which means you must have read a guide to know about it). The writing is a mixed bag in terms of quality here, some give you some interesting hints about what's going on, some are meant to paint the bleakness of this world, but it often isn't well put together, lacks depth or emotion, is generally unnecessary. Richard doesn't get much screen time, so you have to rely on the notes and the final parts of the game, to really flesh him out a bit. He is still a clichè, but at least he didn't mercy kill his own blood like Alice did, so at least he isn't THAT cliched. Alice is a joke, her lines are often baffling and awkward beyond the authors' intentions, (see the exchanges with Richard, or even the dialogue with the mysterious stranger in the church, supposedly the moral turning point that leads her to the decision to kill her son). The world building is disappointing, all is referred to in vague terms, but still that's what drives the characters to do what they do, something more substantial would be greatly appreciated. The game is short, so really there isn't anything worthwhile to mention beyond this.In conclusion, despite me being very negative in the review, the truth is that it's ""just"" a subpar game. Do not buy it, (there are much better games that tackle serious themes, while doing a much better job) unless you are really into point and click and you completely ran out of other games to play in the genre, and even then do not buy at full price, you can find better games for free, so spend your money wisely."
76561198024317611,Not Recommended,279260,29330215,Posted: 17 January,all,genericangst,"I never understood people who hated a game and yet completed all the endings/got all the achievements. I'm now in the same club.Richard and Alice is a depressing slog. None of the characters are interesting in the least, and the story is dull. It fails as a point and click game due to dull puzzles and the aformentioned dearth of story. Obtaining the different endings requires miniscule changes that require replaying the slow, plodding game again and again. For a game that only takes two to three hours to complete all endings, it seemed like at least twice that long. I thought that maybe the different endings would bring some insight into this game. But no. They were slight variations on a theme: you're doomed. Everyone you know is doomed. There is nothing you can do.I can handle bleak. I can handle depressing. But I can't handle bad. This game is inexcusably dull, and I cannot in earnest recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,279260,12481834,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,YourDearAuntSally,"Richard and Alice guides the player through an interesting story. It started out slow at first, but as you learn more about Alice, the story starts to pick up.However, the world exploration, clunky maneuvering through the space, and simple puzzles that occured between the dialogue took away from the strong storytelling."
,Recommended,279260,21543788,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"OverviewIntriguing story set in a post-apocalyptic world that centres around a man named Richard and his prisoner counterpart, Alice. You take turns playing as either Richard or Alice, though Alice's part is far greater, and her story is told entirely through flashbacks (i.e. events that have already transpired).What I likedGood story- Far too predictable for my liking, but still interesting. The use of flashbacks as a way of unfolding the tale was fascinating; I always felt like I wanted to find out more and that kept me playing.Has a proper ending- I hate games where they leave you hanging and don't resolve things adequately if at all. Thankfully,Richard & Aliceisnotone of those games.Interesting setup- You experience playing as someone in a jail cell, and another outside roaming in the open world. Nice contrast.Exciting- Has its fair share of drama and even gore, though the gore part could've been amped up 1000 times more yet. (Pixel blood isn't all that shocking, especially in minute quantities.)Graphics are ok- AGS-type scenery here, but it worked. (Except for the character artwork which I didn't like. See point #5 under""What I didn't"" below.)Has a bit of replay value- If you missed out on achievements.See point below.Many achievements- A handy way of seeing if you missed out on any story elements. Upon first completing the game I realised I'd missed out on several; will replay to get them.What I didn'tToo short- Approximately 2+ hours max for me. Most of it was spent clicking through looooong conversations, or reading picked up notes and stuff.No challenge at all- Partly because of the limited screens available to you (see point below), the answers as to what to do next were way too obvious, especially since there were so few inventory items too.Limited exploration- At any point of time, only 1-3 screens are accessible. Most of the time it's just 1.Some puzzles didn't make sense- In one instance, youmustfind a tray and use it, even though you quite clearly have a notebookandnewspaper which could be used for theexact same purpose.Thumbs down fornon-creativepuzzle-solving!Characters are cutesy-looking sprites- Didn't work for me. We have a reallyserious storywhich tackles manyheavy issueshere, so I'd have appreciated more ""adult-looking"" characters and not some manga-ish kawaii dwarf people. It really undermined the whole affair. There is the right game for anime-style peeps, and this ain't one of 'em.No voice- Being nitpicky here, but if you consider the game was like 80% conversation, this would've greatly added to the atmosphere.Barebones sound & music- No music in many scenes; just background sound. Many a time it was silence, or felt akin to it. Seemed kinda empty.SummaryI grabbed this during sale at S$1.62 (~US$1.15). Probably wouldn't pay more than what I did for it, due to the short length and limited adventure game puzzling. But the story was a breath of fresh air and I don't regret the experience at all."
76561198018967898,Not Recommended,279260,12421218,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,mlbe,Overly Simple puzzles. Conversations that go on forever with limited choices. The choices you make must have some meaning but it is just guesswork until you see the ending. Long pauses and slow walking pace are frustrating. This is more like an old choose you own adventure story than a game.Not a fan but there is some replay value if you want to see alternate endings.
,Recommended,279260,33945225,Posted: 1 August,all,MW2K,The good definitely outweighs the bad. For what I paid for it (99 cents) this is an excellent game.The goodTells a deep and poignant storyPulls no punchesComments well on the futility of it allBranching storylinesSome of the puzzles are a challengeThe badBarney can be irritatingGraphics are blahEasy to get stuck sometimes
76561198048289797,Recommended,279260,14819866,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Major Puddin,"An amazing game. The characters and the dialogue are so friggen realistic and relatable, however the gameplays super slow for a pretty short game.Although it is a little pricey, it's definitly worth the buy on a sale if you're looking for a story-driven point and click"
76561197970260982,Recommended,279260,11788076,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Netrat,"I love adventure games. I personally feel what makes an adventure game memorable is a good story with intriguing characters. Richard & Alice are both interesting characters that feel fleshed out and believable. After I completed the game, I'm still thinking back to the encounters the two had. The writing has a great ""voice"" helping you imagine all the dialogue. I don't want to say much about the story because I feel that could ruin it. I actually wanted to know even more of the background! Just know that it's story is a little dark. The game is not a long game (maybe 3 hours), but this game is a high quality experience. R&A has multiple endings based on decisions making me want to eventually go back and play again once I ""kind of forgot"" some of the conversations. It would be a mistake to miss out on this game.The graphics are good, but funny thing - personally I wanted more trees in the stage layouts! Weird nitpick I know, but at one point a character doesn't want to wander into the forest and I just felt it was a little too open. Made me chuckle.The music is good and sets the tone of each level.Richard & Alice is definitely worth the small asking price, especially if you're a fan of the genre. I recommended this game to a friend of mine who is also currently enjoying the experience. Submit your ticket and buy (in game joke)"
76561198068910168,Not Recommended,279260,11130629,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,CrimsonValley,"Now don't get me wrong. Richard and Alice are not a terrible game.But it's very very short, kind of predictable story and sometimes the game mechanic feels very slow and clunky and more like it gets in your way than anything else.It goes amazingly quick to finish it and that left me feeling like I had wasted money on it, even though I bought it on sale."
76561198017048367,Not Recommended,279260,10713769,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,finnpm,"bad writing, boring story, terrible controls and art style , not worth it at all, I kept on playing assuming it would pick up but it didnt , dont waste your time on THIS"
,Recommended,279260,24299232,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Nyx,"I have only played one playthrough of this game so far. Overall I'd give it a 7 out of 10 so far. That might change after future runs although having skimmed a few of the necessary triggers, I may find that more frustrating than enjoyable.[Puzzles:] Almost all of the puzzles were incredibly easy to me except for an awkward moment involving a statue. I had to look up the answer and, having seen what it was, I know I would have taken a very long time to work it out on my own. This isn't to say that it is an inherently difficult puzzle, it's simply that I think that it's not natural for me personally to think that way. As for the simplisticity of the rest, I suppose you could argue that this is preferable if you simply want to watch the story unfold. If you're looking for a game that will force your logic to its limits, I don't think Richard & Alice will deliver. The most you can expect is it to get a bit trickier near the end.[Story:] The meta-plot is intriguing and I'm hoping that maybe the alternate endings will show me a tiny bit more? I've found a lot of indie games wind up not being able to show off their backgrounds as much as they would like to without infodumping. I at least didn't feel as though I was having it crammed in my face. It instead verged between tantalisingly vague and frustratingly out of reach. The actual story of the characters was touching and I was quickly invested. It's quite dark and gritty.[Characters:] Richard, Alice, and others involved in the story felt believable to me. They had their quirks, humour, emotion, downsides, and sins. It's not packed to the brim with characters but notes and such left behind by others add to the atmosphere.[Dialogue/Writing:] Mostly the characters sound realistic. Every now and then it feels as though in writing the narrative the difference between spoken words and story-telling was forgotten. I will point out that the little boy comes out with words which might /seem/ wooden when actually it might have to do with how he was brought up. Nothing felt particularly long-winded as I assumed this would be mainly story-driven anyway.[Sound:] The music is simple yet compliments the game. Usually I hate having the music on.[Graohics:] I probably don't have to say much because of the screenshots. Either way, I enjoyed little details such as a vomit stain when somebody had been sick.[Issues:] I don't like the fact I had to mess around in the file directory to get fullscreen and it's disappointing that the game does not have an option menu during play. The walking speed of the sprites is frustrating at times and it's easy to accidentally skip dialogue.[Length:] Probably not a point people will agree with me on. I would have preferred a longer yet linear story to having multiple endings. The play time shown isn't strictly indicative of the actual amount I played--I was multi-tasking.[Worth the price?] I got this on sale. I don't think I would have been too disappointed with it at full price, however. If you're not certain, then wait for a deal. Personally, I think this is decently priced."
,Recommended,279260,21240022,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,arcanum.zero,"This is one of those games that makes me wish there was a neutral rating option on Steam -- a sort of ""indifferent shrug"" between the thumbs up and thumbs down.  I got the game practically for free thanks to a Steam coupon -- without it I would probably never have realized that it existed.  It was a way to spend a few hours.  I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it but I also don't care about it enough to try for the alternate endings.In a genre awash with truly abominable games going back decades, many from large, reputable developers, Richard and Alice does not deserve to be lumped in with the awful majority.  It is not a bad game.  But neither is it particularly inspired.  I don't feel strongly enough about the game to give it a thumbs down, but be warned that you'll probably only /like/ this game if you are a big fan of adventure games and also bleak drama.I can't even call the game post-apocalyptic, because while the game is clearly post-apocalyptic the apocalypse in this case is the most banal thing imaginable.  No zombies or battle cars here.  Not even a radioactive or biohazardous wasteland.  And that kind of sums up the story, here -- it's got the set-up to be something, but it's just not compelling.  The characters aren't unlikable, they're just bland.  The story isn't boring, it's just hollow.The puzzles never really had me scratching my head, although I did have to cheat once because there is an item the game tells you is present but hidden from view in one chapter and you have to remember and go back for it in a later chapter.  I did not.Why they don't just give you the item immediately is unclear to me, but there is a running theme of a lack of consideration toward the player in the game.  At one point you need to reach something in the middle of a lake.  You can't reach it from this side of the lake, though -- the game makes you walk all the way around to the other side, where the gap is slightly narrower.Incompetech.comdid the music in the game.  I like Macleod's work.  I also like his graph paper.The graphics are simple but they serve their purpose.  The weird thing about the graphics is how many graphical settings the game has.  Up to 8x anti-aliasing!  2560x1600 resolution!  One of the settings is labeled ""powerful CPUs only.""  I'm not sure what that means, because this game doesn't look like it should strain an abacus.I'm not criticizing -- I'm not a big believer in HD/4K/ultra-high nonsense, and you can see what the graphics look like in the screenshots above.  If it's going to turn you off, don't buy the game.  But honestly, they're not so bad that they're a point against.In short, Richard and Alice is serviceable.  I won't be so cruel as to call it forgettable, but it is certainly not memorable.  If you like adventure games and stories about the worst parts of parenthood, the dark side of humanity, and snow, it might just be worth your six bucks."
,Not Recommended,279260,19858911,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,paaaaaaaaac,I applaud the artistry that this game has - I think it is a cool concept: however the game is basically a point-and-click visual novel. I find this game difficult to play through and I can't really recommend this game.
76561198074304878,Not Recommended,279260,29131495,Posted: 8 January,all,mylenet,"I played The Charnel House Trilogy by Owlcave and I liked it a lot, so I decided to buy this one too. Quite frankly, it only lasted a couple hours, but I couldn't wait for this game to finish. To many useless dialogues. It felt they were here only to make the game last longer. Very little interactivity and things to actually click on. The graphics aren't very beautiful, but I didn't mind that much. The story was okay. Not great. Okay.I get that this is a poorly funded project and that no miracle could be made, so this is not necessary Owlcave's fault, but instead of buying this game, buy The Charnel House Trilogy."
76561198141419175,Recommended,279260,12113109,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,WolfKing,"I enjoyed playing Richard and Alice. It's more of an adventure game, but the story had me legitimately interested to see how the characters would develop and just what the hell was going on. Little bit of replay value even for a slightly altered ending. If you see this one go on sale and you have a few short hours to kill, pick this one up and enjoy the atmosphere.Great experience."
,Recommended,279260,11092476,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Intendant S,"Richard & Alice is a great game for anyone interested in tales of “end of the world” scenarios or who like a very personal story in their gaming experience. It is incredibly short for an adventure game, lasting only about three hours give or take. And that includes clicking on every object in the game and seeing the messages spewed forth. I would have loved to hear voice acting, but having played adventures since the ’80s I’m willing to overlook such an omission. Others, however, may see this as a major dealbreaker. If you can overlook this, though, you’ll find a gripping tale of loss, heartbreak, and emotions that run rampant. And the multiple endings (about four in all) show just what a person is willing to do to stay alive in a place that couldn’t care less what happens to you.http://www.kickstartadventure.com/home/richard-alice-review/"
,Recommended,279260,16661602,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,faintly,"I don't usually go into story-rich games with high expectations of being hooked on the plot, but this game had me curious about Alice's backstory from the start. Nice storyline progression and a great combination of themes including hope, desperation, and morality. The ending was what really got me - tied together the story quite well with satisfying twists (at least the version I arrived at, not sure if I would've liked the others ones as much). Might wonder about the setting throughout the game but in the end it doesn't matter really. Would recommend to fans of narrative-focused point-and-clicks."
76561198006529776,Recommended,279260,24149134,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ellchuc,Dialog is everything in Richard & Alice.The writing is masterful.Richard  & Alice is a subtle psychological and philosophicalview of human beings trying to survive  an environmental apocalypse.Some jaded game players will not have the patienceor understanding to appreciate minimalism.
,Recommended,279260,31110870,Posted: 12 April,all,Shine,"It was all right.Nice story, emotional and heavy. Good characters and writing. Puzzles were pretty simple but not too boring.The main problem with the game is moving about and the visuals. This two make eachother worse, since for most of the game you must walk quite slowly through dull white areas with very little to actually look at.Price is fair. The game is short and simple, but enjoyable. Good if you're just looking for a little story."
76561198189376502,Not Recommended,279260,25164678,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,"Dig, Larry, dig!","Dark, dreary and macabre: all things I usually enjoy in modern games. So why didn't I like Richard & Alice? A few reasons. The gameplay isn't very fun, and as a point-and-clicker, there are far better examples. The storyline here, pitch black as it is, falls apart into a self-righteous, quasi-religious, philosophical mess, where any potential poignancy and relevance becomes impossible to take seriously due to comical 'Dragon Warrior'-styled graphics. There's simply far too little stuffing here for one to take the game seriously, so Richard & Alice ends up just being dark for darkness' sake, without the character development or back story required to really make anyone care about what's happening to the folks as the story unfolds.If you're looking for a good point and click horror game, I'd recommend the Black Mirror trilogy."
76561197997916536,Not Recommended,279260,30030738,Posted: 19 February,all,Juggler,"I like point-and-click adventure games, but this one wasn't very good. It's mostly clicking through dialogue, and the dialogue is not well written. When you're not clicking through dialogue, you're wandering back and forth very slowly across the same stretch of snow, trying to figure out where you forgot to pick up an object. The art is MS Paint level, and the music and production values overall isn't any better.The selling point is the story, which is alright. The plot has an interesting twist, but this wasn't nearly enough to make up for the game's faults--especially with the poor writing.If you like distopian point-and-click games, try any game by WadjetEye instead: ""Shardlight"" is similar to this game in its subject matter, but better, and ""Primordia"" and ""Technobabylon"" are better still."
,Recommended,279260,11443167,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ObiWannnabe,"Super slow paced point-and-click adventure game with well written dialogue and a mostly interesting story. The game involves a lot of trudging through snow, and it does not make the process particularly quick. Recommended for those with patience."
76561198064657663,Not Recommended,279260,10603006,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mojocrunch,"A point and click that fails to really get anywhere until the end... the very end. You mostly play as Alice, although even at the end it makes you somehow believe that Richard is the main character. The story seems straight forward, and on a good note, you don't even realise that the decisions you make change the story. However, the dullness of the story, with the awkward chit-chat between Richard and Alice is either like when you go on your first date, or of 6 year olds, doesn't balance out to be worth the end. If the game took half as long to complete, I would recommend this game on it's sale price. I will wake up tomorrow completely forgetting I have played this."
,Not Recommended,279260,11550054,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Althreen,"Richard & Alice is, at its heart, a point and click style interactive story about two people brought together by fate at the end of the world.  While a new ice age threatens most of the world, Richard is a prisoner in a relatively safe-seeming underground bunker.  Early on, a new prisoner arrives in the cell across the hall.  The player controls Richard through the parts that take place in the prison and Alice during the numerous flashbacks of her story.  These flashbacks are the meat of the game and serve to show both the world outside and, slowly, the reason for her incarceration.  There are a few choices here and there as well as a few puzzles, but these are slight and quickly solved.A game like this lives and dies by its story, and that’s where Richard & Alice falls flat.  Without getting into spoilers, most of the plot twists are obvious from about ten minutes into the game when Alice enters her first flashback.  This deadens the impact of what should be highly emotional revelations late in the game.  There are also certain events that are never explained.  While this was done on purpose to heighten a sense of mystery, I found myself not caring or, at worst, thinking that those points would have made for a more interesting focus than the main story.Richard & Alice has a handful of alternate endings based on choices made during the game.  This would seem to give it more replayability than, say, To the Moon.  However, the endings are mostly variants on the same theme.  For a player who was more into the story than I was, I could see where this might be interesting, but the slow pace of both the story and character movement made it more of a chore than it was worth.Overall, I can’t say I regret having played Richard and Alice.  There was nothing particularly terrible about the writing and there were no noticeable bugs.  Its biggest sin is that I found it dull.  There is the core of an interesting story there and, oddly enough, I’d be interested in revisiting the world itself, I’d just rather leave both Richard and Alice in a snowdrift somewhere if I do."
,Recommended,279260,15288009,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,cannonfodder,"Richard & Alice is essentially a playable novel with some minor puzzle elements. I finished it in an afternoon. The story is very adult themed with some adult language. It's a deep and engrossing story that keeps you hooked all the way to the end.The story takes place in a world where cataclysmic cold weather has forced people to fight for food and shelter in a battle-torn world. A man, Richard, is in an underground prison cell when a new prisoner, Alice, is suddenly brought into the cell across from his. These two very different people now have all the time in the world to talk and tell each other their stories.The game takes place mostly in flashbacks, as you relive the events that brought them to their current situations. It's a very well told story, and the puzzle elements aren't too disruptive of the story-telling process. The characters move rather slowly, which makes quite a difference, when you have to move across screens, in order to solve the puzzles. Other than that, it's a great story. Definitely worth a playthrough, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,279260,18887324,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,أوركيدا,"Simple graphics, but such a poignant, heartbreaking story... I got a sad conclusion to what i wholeheartedly believe is a gentle and brave soul. Alice is what made this game for me. her story is touching and you cant help but root for her, ''i hope the sun's shining, and the snow's all melted where you are.''"
,Not Recommended,279260,11218804,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bahuemac,"Important: I am not ""not recommending"" this game, my review is meant to be ""mixed"" in it's statement, but as most should know we can only ""rate up"" or ""rate down"" when writing reviews.It's the world end. It keeps snowing and no one knows why or what to do about it. The game starts with Richard as a child talking to his father about the snowfall, then suddenly switches into years later with things having gone wrong for a longer time. Perspective changes between Richard & Alice who meet in a prison. She is guilty of murder, and he of treason/deserting. They comfort each other as best as they can, and Alice is telling Richard about what happened to her and her son Barney before she was imprisoned, while they have to deal with an increasingly uncomfortable situation inside their prison themselves.The game is not bad per-se, but pretty small-scaled and short. There are only a few screens/places across your adventure. Most places are heavily snowed. Alice moves slowly through the snow. Logically according to the story background. You can either see this as an ambiance-strongening thing or as something to artificially increase the duration of the game. The puzzles are down-to-earth and not too challenging, but sometimes I had to walk across the different screens several times enduring Alice's slow movement, almost considering to just save at each place and load these savegames whenever I was wanting to investigate these places again (instead of walking all the way). One place vaguely hinted at with what is still recognizeable as a road/path I didn't realize I could visit until I looked up someone mention it on the internet. Perhaps it could have been made more clearly to go that direction. But I dare to consider myself just stupid and blind on one eye at that point.You can sometimes choose between different dialogue options. Sometimes you can exhaust all dialogue options, sometimes one out of various or a certain one forces a situation to go on. This (and the slightly irritating conclusion of the story) may give some people incentive to do another playthrough, but you can very well just load previous savegames to read it all.There are a few strong emotional moments, though some aspects I was either irritated about or hardly understanding. Alice at one point says that her son was a strong, increasingly maturing kid. Yet I couldn't see much about that. It's the world end and he keeps singing and prancing around like it wouldn't mean much. I disliked Alice a bit for - in my opinion - shielding him too much from the harsh reality that was surrounding them. I am not sure if I would do the same if I had a child.Another strong focus of the game aside from how people deal with bad situations is how the stories of Richard & Alice are connected. You don't get to hear much about Richard's previous doings until the very end. Some of it felt forced to me. I didn't understand some of the connections. In real-life it would be very unlikely for things to come together as they did in this game, to some point where one - or the characters - may almost start to believe in fate or god or whatever. I didn't understand the reason behind this prison to exist either. Richard gives some explanations but I didn't think I get the full picture. I didn't really unerstood how someone like Alice could get imprisoned in a world that has already gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥for a crime seemingly no one would prosecute. There are no visible authorities apart from some gangs, and as such this seemed somewhat constructed, artifical and hard to believe.I think there could have been more to do with this game, in a less obscured way. I think it's not a bad experience, but considering it's shortness, seemingly somewhat flawed logic and not too taxing puzzling I guess I wouldn't recommend to buy it at it's full price. Neither those who love strong stories or to explore vast worlds (I think that's where I belong to) nor those who love hard and challenging puzzles will get too much from it.Maybe I will understand a few things better when I'm reloading some certain savegames and check on some more info I missed, or by doing a second playthrough. I'm planning to. I don't want be harder on this game than what it deserves. But what I wrote is how I felt and I won't apologize for that."
76561198035829376,Recommended,279260,24732643,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,koschki,"If you are a fan of end time stories and like ""The Road"" or ""The walking dead"", this is for you. There are some point & click adventure puzzles but they are not very hard and are mainly there to progress the story with some action from the player. If you are in the mood for this setting and have three hours to spare, go for it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,279260,21888474,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mara,"First of all, if you dont like click and point games then theres no point in playing this one. I found this one very pleasant, its my first indie click and pointer game though so there might be revolutionary better games in the same category out there but this one made it for me and Im planning on playing more similar games in the future.The plot was nice and short enough to keep you hooked. It was a very easy game and I could easily play through it without guides even though Im a superbeginner.The art wasnt fantastic but hey, its a clicker game! The characters moved sooooo slow though, Id love for them to move a bit faster especially considering the time youll spend looking for things in just big white spaes of snow.Overall good game if youre open for something new."
,Recommended,279260,21614524,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Zenith [trala],"The irony of eating ice cream while playing Richard & Alice was strong.Richard & Alice was one of the most compelling games I've played story-wise. The pairing of the desperate storyline and the weather calamity surrounding the characters is extremely effective, and often left me with a pang of dread in my stomach.A great game if you want story without the stress of combat/dying. However, it is still packed full of drama."
76561197966676194,Not Recommended,279260,24123591,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,wr41thx,"Whelp, im pretty confident I have spent as much time trying to get this game to work as I would have playing it.  I can't recommend a game that has rendered itself completely impossible for me to even load.  It's not like it's my first rodeo working with finicky games or stuff made in weird / old / poorly optimized engines: I've messed with rpg maker runtimes and tweaked graphical settings for bad game launches (dead island and dark souls launches comes to mind), I've disabled dual monitor support for games that refused to load on the appropriate monitor, but I've never had a game just simple refuse to budge.  No combination of settings in the set up will get this to run on my computer (i5 2500K 8gb ram, r9 280x on windows 10), I just keep getting a never ending message about my graphics drivers not being suitable.  Putting it in different compatibility modes doesnt seem to help either.  I can't really find anything online discussing my issue specifically either that has provided any major insight to getting this game to work.I won't blame the developers specifically, because this seems a product of the engine they used to make this game called Adventure Game Studio.Anywho, I was attracted to this game because of the story so I suppose I will just watch a let's play since I cannot for the life of me get this game to load.No disrespect to the publisher or developer, the money isnt even the issue as I bought it in a pack with the fantastic Charnal House Trilogy, just disappointed I am not able to play this."
,Recommended,279260,20195437,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ferdican,"Really good, thought-provoking story with some philosophical depth & immersive atmosphere combined with simple gameplay. Strongly recommend..."
,Recommended,279260,22204180,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"The story here is worth the time playing. It's a fairly short game, and inexpensive. It is not, by any means, perfect. In fact, there were a lot of drawbacks. But as a mystery/adventure P&C, it's enjoyable.PROS:- Good story, even if the ending was expected- Suspenseful, great use of dialogue timing and pace.- The characters were believable, and you actually care about them.CONS:- There were some confusing moments thanks to seemingly unimportant events having a huge impact at the end. I took about a week break playing, so that added to the confusion.- Some objects are so incredibly tiny that your mouse may have trouble finding and clicking.- So much walking. I wish there was a fast track button so you don't spend half the time going back to buildings.- The blizzard sound (wind) was grating.- Some dialogue was repetitive.- Newspapers/diaries were hard to read."
,Recommended,279260,24542966,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Seth-Modder,"I want to like this game, but it is poorly optimised. It defaults to a small window, to get the game fullscreen you have to manually edit the acsetup.cfg file in the file directory. When set to fullscreen, it opens the window still as small but you now have blackscreen, so it's less distracting.When looking past this, the game itself is a great point-and-click game. Although the graphics are lacking, the story is well written and so is the dialogue. The movement can be painstakingly slow, especially when being stuck, solving a puzzle.I would only recommend this game to hardcore point-and-click enthusiasts."
,Recommended,279260,35227692,Posted: 26 September,all,Comrie,"A short and sharp game, that features endings running from moderately depressing to seriously depressing.Pros:Very shortMultiple endingsSome nice puzzlesAn effective, simple soundtrackDecent characterisationCons:Not a lookerVery shortThe endings seem somewhat random, two flags asideOverall if it's cheap and you like point and click: get it."
76561198114096304,Recommended,279260,21091921,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,fourofcups,"Loved this game. Emotional, enveloping, and discreetly philosophical, with well-reasoned characters and simple but effective design. There are multiple endings but it wasn't very clear what I could have done differently to achieve any of them, and I thought there was too much lengthy dialogue to be worth a replay (I'm a story-driven person and didn't notice if there was a skip dialogue option or not). Regardless, the only ending I got left me reeling, and I've read forums documenting the other endings and would have been satisfied, if a little mystified (which I like in a game), with all of them. Firm recommend."
76561198151402613,Not Recommended,279260,17424674,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,JDog101,"The game is over in two hours, the replay value is zero except to see alternate endings, and the gameplay itself is irritating in the snow area.Try ""To The Moon"" instead.  If you haven't heard of it, google it, that game's amazing."
76561198029259856,Not Recommended,279260,11695827,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,gerrybuc,"This Indie game failed to capture my interest for long. Expectations were maybe too high after reading reviews of it. The graphics aren't good though not a major negative, there is no music, and too much dialogue for my taste. I found it rather bleak so didn't see it through to the end. Maybe it gets better but I like more of a challenge and the puzzles are so easy to solve."
,Not Recommended,279260,12181748,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Confusionest,"I bought this game because it sounded interesting.The interface is nothing to speak of.The writing got more tedious and uninspired as I read more of it.  I did not finish this game, and don't think I'll ever get around to finishing it either."
76561198133966847,Not Recommended,279260,13873220,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Meshuful,"If the devolper of the game is reading this, please take some advice from a fellow game designer.This game is great, but it needs more polish.1. Pace: This is my biggest problem with the game. It drags on like it has smashed legs. Not only is the story slow, the characters walk like they've just  learned how. It makes the game agonizingly boring. I love the game but jeez, speed it up. I feel like you went for a more drawn out story. The story has about five scenes, but the game is just so slow.2. Plot: It never climaxes. Ever. Enough said.3. Characters: Alice is a cool character and all, but what about Richard? His story takes place in a cell. Does he get a backstory? Is like a DLC I'm just missing out?4. Art: It's not as good as RPG Maker. RPG Maker is only $60. You couldn't budget that?5. Tutorial/Help: It has no help. It plops you in with no guidiance in the game. How do you know whats right?Score: 4.5/10Fun and interesting, but slow as all heck. It has a nice enviroment, but it needs work.If you do want this game, buy it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,279260,11696181,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Vrox,"Decent story, horrid gameplay"
,Not Recommended,279260,11707458,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,KiwiSalad,"This game showed a lot of promise. The premise for the story was unique, story driven adventure about two people trapped in a prison while endless winter raged quietly outside. It sounded fresh and interesting, I expected some well thought out dialogue, interesting puzzles and interesting stories. I was unfortunately let down.TLDR (the below paragraphs);Cons: Boring, constantly diffuses it's own tension, questionable controls.Pros: Art is nice, no game breaking glitches.Unfortunately the game is just to compressed. Each chapter is only a handful of minutes long (however long it takes you to read through the dialogue) and are incredibly short winded. You would expect a game centered on character development to have large, meaty, dialogue chunks but it does not. Not only is the dialogue short, but it's so abrupt that the ideas and feelings the characters are expressing seem very alien. They dive right into delicate subject matter, without much more than an introduction. Pacing is key to story heavy games, and it's very out of whack in Richard&Alice.Not only is the dialogue and story poorly paced, but it actively fights against it's own atmosphere. In a game that is set in the frozen collapse of humanity it's very boring. Nothing of much interest happens in Alice's narratives. IT's mostly a lot of walking around in the snow assuring your child things are alright. Anytime a potentially tense situation even threatens to rear it's head the game immediately diffuses it. As an example, the game blatantly points out people are fighting for food and shelter, killing each other for it. Yet you find a house with food abandoned, and are completely unbothered by outside forces for the duration of your stay. It's implied that people were there recently, and will likely return, but they never do (there's more to that, but that is a spoiler and still doesn't dismiss these issues). You are constantly on the edge of gang territory, but again you never see even a glimmer that they might even still be there. The constant diffusion of tension makes the game very boring, and lacking in content.Lastly, this game would have benefited from some WASD controls. It's not a huge hassle to click places to walk, but clicking and then waiting idly for the character to walk is quite tedious. Even holding down a key would have helped to keep me from feeling so disconnected. I typically don't feel this way in point and click adventures, but in Richard&Alice it felt like the distances traveled were sometimes just a touch too long.On the positive side, the art is pretty decent (but I like pixel art), and I never encountered any game breaking glitches.TLDR;Cons: Boring, constantly diffuses it's own tension, questionable controls.Pros: Art is nice, no game breaking glitches."
76561198157386667,Not Recommended,279260,19703019,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,queen eggplant,"I played this game all the way through a long time ago but I remember being thoroughly disappointed and wishing I could get that two hours of my life back. Very little actual game play, annoying controls, and long fully text-based story that really wasn't all that touching or interesting. Would not recommend."
76561197964863427,Not Recommended,279260,21000110,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kamamura,"Sorry to say that, but this one did nothing for me. I played it till the end, but it seemed to sort of fall flat on its nose in the end. It tried to build some tension and develop the relation of the main protagonists, and unravel several layers of secrets, but in the end, it sort of did not work. For me. It may work for you, though."
76561198017196792,Recommended,279260,14434007,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,MiMi,"Richard & Alice is quite unique. It has a good story, told in a perfect manner, very clichés characters, a very good world disaster settings, a tense atmosphere and a reeking irony. Each bit on its own isn't much or impressive but the whole thing works perfectly and will swallow you 'til the end. Several different endings, achievements, dull graphics but good sounds and music.I really recommend the game, it's rare to find something that well thought out."
,Not Recommended,279260,17531326,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dyne,I get that this game was trying to give you the feels and the climax of the story was SLIGHTLY unexpected (gotta give them respect there) but overall it was a really boring experience. More than half of the game is just a set up to prove that Alice loves her son. I got that in the first flashback... no need to harp on it for pretty much the entire game. It also felt really forced... I really didn't care if her son died or not. His dialogue and interactions with Alice were honestly my least favorite parts of the game.The game itself is far longer than it needs to be. It is artificially extended by your character's slow walking speed and placing plot items on opposite corners of maps. That'd be fine if something happened in between but jesus christ I don't know how anybody plays the game multiple times to get all of the endings. It only takes a couple of hours to finish but those are some freaking boring hours.I get what the developers were trying to do. I've just seen it done better. Frequently.
,Not Recommended,279260,11629996,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,RedWaggon,"Richard & Alice isn’t that bad, but it’s nothing special. For a post-apocalyptic piece it really doesn’t bring anything new to the table.Part of the problem is the art design. The visuals are dull and boring, but not much can be done to fix them because the setting is post-apocalyptic, and the graphics are old-school-style.There was a good amount of dialogue throughout, but luckily the script was written somewhat well (the 5-year-old is annoying).It wasn’t bad, but I can’t recommend it."
,Recommended,279260,14032121,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Heartful Avian,"Great game great story, if you like this type of game youll like this one, its well made. Action game fans and those who dont like slow stories avoid. Fans of deep and feels enjoy"
,Recommended,279260,29117277,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"Baby, it's cold outside...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMwivn9C4M4After an eternal winter causes a new type of apocalypse, survivors desperately try to get by, often resorting to many unsavory things.  There are some pretty cool moments here, but most are spoilerific.  Suffice to say, 2 prisoners (Richard and Alice) slowly go over what life is like on the outside and if maybe they're better off being in jail...wherever they are."
76561198042130595,Not Recommended,279260,15014525,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Always Angry,"I wanted to like this game. I'm a fan of adventure games, so this seemed like an easy choice. I was wrong.The game has a retro 16-bit look to it. There's nothing wrong with that. However, this isn't Final Fantasy VI and this isn't 1996. The characters look clunky and move similarly. The backgrounds and similar to those found on low-budget NES titles. The game just doesn't look very good, even considering the asthetic used.Most of the time, you read dialoge boxes. Everyone once in a while you will get to take an action. This will generally be as simple as walking to a button and pressing it. At which point, there will be 30 dialog boxes of text before you can do anything.This is one of those indie/art games that is way more focused on the story than the gameplay. If you play adventure games for the story, you may enjoy Richard & Alice. On the other hand, if you play adventure games to explore and interact with the environment, you are out of luck. Personally, I like a good story. In games, however, I prefer story to be a backdrop to the actual gameplay."
,Not Recommended,279260,13455440,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CryoG,"Even for a point n click, it is way too slow. There s a whole series of back and forth in between two places that are unnecessarily far from one another on the map. Maybe that was meant to convey a sense of the loneliness of walking in the snow but it unfortunately ends up just being annoying and feeling like a bad design choice.I curse myself a bit for being curious about different endings, it s made me spent way more time than I would have if it d been another genre."
76561198060385399,Recommended,279260,11571351,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Zamora,This is one of the best point and click adventures I've ever played. I have a 5 yr old daughter. I guess it hit home for me. I thought this was very well written. I cried twice. I cried damnit all. The music is well done too. I love this game. I might even play it again.
76561198005487987,Recommended,279260,10386307,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Intsanius,"The story and the atmosphere of this point-and-click adventure, is amongst the best I have experienced in my gaming. I am huge fan of post-apocalyptic/survival stories, and I must say, hat down, this game was very pleasant surprise! Thank you devs for such a masterpiece! For a simple review: story: 10/10 (dark, gritty, breath-taking), atmosphere: 10/10 (like the story), music 8/10 (some tunes got on my nerves while in a loop all the time, while some were just so fitting and tense, I was holding my breath), sound 5/10 (average, it was neither bad nor great, just fitting this game), graphics 9/10 (it may sound silly, but the graphics and the design fit the atmosphere so well, it could not be better)."
,Recommended,279260,11673242,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome point-and-click game full of sadness and despair. Memorable characters, interesting storyline, nice soundtrack."
,Recommended,279260,12088829,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"This game...Makes me think.It's not just a game,it's an experience.It's not just an experience either,it's a lesson.This game made me think about all sort of things.About our world,our systems,our economy,our corruption,our errors.It made me think ""If it was the end of the world,and that I had to survive,just me and my best friend,how much would I be ready to give to him?Would I be ready to sacrifice some precious food for him?Would I trust him?Would he trust me?Or maybe would I kill him to keep more food and medication?Maybe he would kill me for those reasons?Or would we keep hanging to each others and make sure the other's fine?""When you think about it,it's hard to say you wouldn't think about killing that best friend of yours to survive heh.This game is not a great game,when you think of having fun.It's going to make you sad surely.Depressed maybe.Doubtful possibly.This game is about Richard&Alice...2 normal peoples.An image of what could happen to you."
,Recommended,279260,10420342,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,goodwithcomputr,"Richard and Alice tackles difficult, interesting themes with a weighty moralist perspective, and this is so rare in video games that R&A deserves praise for this alone. Most other games that try to tackle the same ideas--death, murder, loss, religion, freedom, and others--do so as such: shooty-shooty bang-bang ""Am I on the right side?"" shooty-shooty ""idk lol"" bang ""oh well"". Over the course of R&A, death and murder are present but each and every one is treated with the weight that it deserves. The dead have personalities, families, and a lasting impression on the living; the murderers are not bloodthirsty maniacs, but realistic people with complex motives who've made both good and bad decisions--many of which could more accurately be described as ""grey area"" decisions.Unfortunately, a lot of the dialogue doesn't break as much new ground, nor is it as polished or as engaging. Often, a note or diary you find in the game's world will be more interesting than the (great deal of) dialogue between Richard, Alice, and the rest of the supporting characters. Though their history and actions make both Richard and Alice complex individuals, their dialogue is on the whole a bit bland. Perhaps this is part of the point; perhaps they interact with one another in a fairly generic way in order to show that even people who do very good or very bad things are, at their core, just like everyone else. ""The banality of evil."" But even if this is the case, the relationship between the titular characters felt forced and very boy-girl, teen drama to me, with obvious and eye-rolling ""subtle"" romantic undertones.Most tragically of all, many of the game's most interesting moments take place not during the first 95%, but across the game's five different endings. All of these endings require a full new playthrough to reach (and as such, so do five of the game's achievements), which on the second through fifth playthrough will take you less than the initial three hours or so--my playthroughs lasted roughly thirty to forty minutes, clicking rapidly through dialogue I'd already read--but still grate on the nerves as you solve the same puzzles over and over. This isn't necessary, of course, but it is if you want to see the most interesting dramatic moments the game has to offer.As for the puzzles, they are on the whole fairly good. They're not impossible, nor are they too easy (with the exception of one fairly obtuse puzzle near the middle of the game, involving ahome-made bomb). They are somewhat small in number, because the story is the focus of the game.On the whole, I enjoyed myself. I welcome more story-driven games like this one, and more games that lend complex issues the same weight they have received in the best books and films. But Richard and Alice is a step in this good direction; its dialogue, more than anything else, stops it from arriving there entirely.2.5/5"
,Recommended,279260,10425282,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Starman,"I don't get all the glowing reviews of this game.I mean, It has an interesting story, which is very important for a point and click adventure game, but if you were to read the reviews you would swear you were missing out on this mindblowing epic of dark brooding mystery. In reality, you have heard variations of this story before in other games, of other genres. So, I am not going to really talk about the story. This game is about 2-4 hours long so that's robbing you of what little bit you get out of it. Just know it involves lots of snow, and two characters.My main gripe with the game (besides all the hype) is the walk speed. I understand it's a point and click, but a late game puzzle will no doubt have you backtracking a couple of times and it takes forever. Truth be told, if it DIDN'T have slow walking speed, this game would probably be 30 minutes to an hour shorter. It just felt like an artificial way to make the game seem longer than it is.It's currely $3 right now. $6 normally. Is it worth the money? That depends on how much you love point and click adventure games. There are tons of others on the market that will give you more value for your dollar. The story simply isn't as jaw droppingly mindblowing as every other reviewer seems to make it out as.I recommend it just for the sole fact it's cheap and short, but don't come in expecting anything else. It's far from revolutionary. Allegedly there are 5 endings, but according to my friend I got the ""best"" ending which, if that ending was the best ending, I definitely don't want to see the other endings. Take from that what you will..."
,Not Recommended,279260,11588813,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Clavicus,"Do you like point-and-click adventures like King's Quest and Monkey Island? Do you like solving creative puzzles? If you answered yes, then you should stay away from this game as it will only fill you with bitter disappointment. It's bleak and depressing, but at least it's short as hell. The dialogue can be well written at times, but when it isn't, it's filled with the MOST tedious small talk! Christ, just shut up and let me solve your stupid, simple puzzles! The characters are bland and forgettable and not once did I feel any emotions for any of them. The puzzles are few and far between, and when they do show up, they require no thought whatsoever IE: Tape two poles together to press a button, pry open a cabinet with a knife. I could have watched an infomercial about crack babies while punching myself in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and gotten the same experience, except that would have been free!"
,Not Recommended,279260,12542689,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,704BOSS,"The verdict is in.  I am more mad at the 2.6 hours I spent playing this very anticlimactic game than the $2 I spent to purchase it.  It was a close one but the whiny kid threw me over to the ""wouldn't bother even if it were free"".  Great premise then not one bit of interesting anything anywhere to be found."
76561198154757644,Recommended,279260,14846105,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,simdel,"What a great little title!When I first started playing this, I was not too impressed. I thought it looked really simple and there was no immediate back story to draw me in.However, once I got past the first 10 minutes I gradually became more and more intrigued and really wanted to know what would happen next. The story really draws you in and getting to know the characters and their pasts over the course of the game is fascinating.The graphics are actually really clever and suit the title well. The puzzles are mostly quite easy and there aren't that many, though I was stumped for a short while on one puzzle in the church. A hint or walkthrough is definitely not needed to enjoy this game to its completion. There is a lot of dialoge to read though, but it is certaimly worth reading every line as it all adds to a great atmosphere.I guess there are multiple endings as there are dialogue options that look like they can change the outcome during the game.I spent about 4 hours on it and very much enjoyed the experience. Recommended."
,Recommended,279260,15258849,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,splitsticks,"Great story-driven game about survival but it takes around 15-20 minutes to really get going.  If you make it past this you'll  see the characters start to develop, and then it gets really good.This is a point-and-click game with nice item puzzles thrown in for immersion, so don't expect mind-blowing gameplay.  The story and writing are what you're here for.  I was constantly impressed by how natural the dialogue felt.  My only complaint is the walking speed is slow, and this got on my nerves on two occasions when I was trying to figure out how to progress, but it's forgiveable.The game takes around 4 hours to complete and I think it's the perfect length.  It never dragged and I couldn't put it down.  I was surprised to get choked up a few times, but the characters are so well written it's hard not to get attached.  There are multiple endings, but for me it ended on a perfect note.  Bravo, Owl Cave."
,Recommended,279260,11563963,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ledeir,"On seeing the description of Richard and Alice it immediately caught my attention. The world is facing a second ice age, one so severe it caused society to collapse. Our title characters have safety of sorts, living in a luxurious prison which was designed as a test shelter from the weather. Over the course of the game we learn how Richard and Alice came to be neighbors by experiencing the trials Alice went through before arriving in jail.This story is well done, and the game has five endings. Based on spoilers none of them are happy, though some are happier than others. Seeing as how society has largely collapsed this shouldn't surprise you. The two endings I achieved were well done, but not different or strong enough to make me want to replay the game to obtain the others. It didn't help that you can only fast forward conversations, not movement or “dramatic pauses”. Lastly there were no strong decision points that stood out as changing how the story would end.Another contributing factor to why I don’t want to replay the game are the puzzles. They are straightforward tasks where you need to pick up one object to either combine with, or use on, another object. A couple were clever, but none really stood out as exciting. Add in the excessive amount of walking required for some tasks and they ended up testing my patience.As someone who doesn't normally play this type of game, but who enjoys a good story, I recommend buying this game on sale. The game was three hours well spent, the story is worth it even if the game play is lacking."
,Not Recommended,279260,12334501,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Skython,"Meh.It's a decent short story. If you're into story games and its on sale and you've already finished To the Moon, this *might* be worth the time."
76561198044328617,Not Recommended,279260,15279767,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,EveWhite,"The story was interesting in a bleak dystopian way, but I didn't enjoy the gameplay at all. The walking animation is excruciatingly slow, and it happened more than once that I got stuck simply because I wasn't cliking the right pixel."
,Not Recommended,279260,15918859,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Chevalier de la Saucisse,Two words: boring and dull.
,Recommended,279260,12866133,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"Gameplay was boring and clunky, story was interesting and well told through dialogue, sound effects, and music. If you pick it up on sale or get it for free (like I did), its not a bad game to play...just takes about an hour and half."
,Recommended,279260,12451845,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[FL] Broccoli,I cried.. Barney.. :(
,Recommended,279260,12558909,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,"Boots, the Prophet","This game is set in an odd post-apocalyptic world, where snow as covered everything on the surface. I enjoyed the story and the events that took place. Playtime is about 5 hours. Recommended for point & click lovers, and those for who are new to the genre. Not recommended for gamers with little patience, as the game is a bit slow."
76561198010835008,Recommended,279260,11267061,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Beoulve Fox,"Richard & Alice takes some tropes  and turns them on their head. Firstly, it's set in a post apocalyptic world, but not the usual dry desert style we're used to, instead it is an icy snow covered world. Secondly, it has a female protagonist who, depending on your choices, will change and grow, while avoiding any dependence on a romance for her plot. And thirdly, it's multiple endings are based around not just a singular choice near the end, but a collection of choices through out the entire game.The game will last about 3 hours for your first play though if you don't use a guide. More play throughs I can see as lasting 2 hours or less if you speed through dialogue to get to the choices.The audio is well done and suits the environments well.The negatives? It can be frustrating looking for items or trying to figure out some of the puzzles on your first play through, especially if you want to simply continue the story. Some of the notes you find in the game can be hard to make out since they seem to be pictures of actual hand written notes.All in all, I recommend it to anyone that wants a story driven point-and-click adventure with differing endings.8/10"
76561198079438358,Recommended,279260,11273033,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,The Turtle Man,"This is a game if you like pixleated betrayal or love stories, tis very suspensfull but there are 5 possible endings"
76561197970679446,Recommended,279260,11771639,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mister B,"Leave your morality at the door, because this game does the same.  Richard & Alice is a tale of surviving an apocolypse caused by a never ending snow storm.  Governments have collapsed, and people are doing whatever they can to survive.  What would you do if you had no food, but someone else did and they wouldn't share it with you?  There is no right and wrong here, no lesson to be taught.  There is only choices.This game is short, but it does it's best to stir emotion in it's players.  It doesn't succeed as well as some major releases, such as The Walking Dead or The Last of Us, but for a short journey and obviously an indie developed game, it does an admirable job.Do not play this game if you're looking for your typical entertainment.  Shooting and heroes saving the day are nowhere to be found here.  However, if you want a deep story that will leave you thinking for some time after it's finish, then perhaps Richard & Alice is what you're seeking."
,Not Recommended,279260,12541994,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jellyfish Robot,Very formulaic post apocalyptic story. Controls are just too clunky for me to want to bother with another playthrough. I'd love to see a different take on moral relativism but this game certainly did not deliver that.
,Recommended,279260,11275981,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rhexenor,"Although i got only one of the 5 Endings i can only advice it for everyone to play it. It´s a wonderfull, short but exciting Game. If  you let yourself fall into the lore then you will have some thrilling hours. This Game has it´s own charm with the graphics and the story. If you like Indie and endtime games and a god story of course, then you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,279260,13405778,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Hemlock Tea,"The endless dialogue interspersed with occasional gameplay is a bit annoying. I found myself clicking to quickly get past the boring dialogue to get to the little bit of puzzles, which were kind of simple. It's fine f you like point-and-click type games, but it's not a great example of the genre."
,Recommended,279260,13442735,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jaderade,"It's simple. And slow. But the story is intriguing. I liked it ad found it more enjoya ble than I'd have if it were a film or something. I've only done one ending so far, but I enjoyed it.But the walking man. That♥♥♥♥♥♥takes forever."
,Recommended,279260,11710927,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,what sorceress this,"I got it cuz it was on sale and honestly, I didn't have very high expectations. But with its mature story and interesting characters, I was impressed at the end of 6 hours I've spent to finish this game. It's definately worth checking out."
76561198015157431,Recommended,279260,10658832,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,{F 7} Kitty kitkat,Such a sad story to this game dont judge the book by its cover this game is really unique in its own way if your into story type rpgs with no fighting the story is captivating and draws you in more and more the suspense is well done.Really good game its definalty worth paying for it.
76561198086276748,Recommended,279260,15433068,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Bunny (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ,"This is a very short and unique game. It is a game containing lots of dialogue and point-and-click action.I really enjoyed this game because it offers a sort of apocalyptic perspective through a mother's eyes and the struggles that had to be endured in order to survive in a frozen, chaotic world. The story is very emotional and will touch your heart and soul.The graphics of this game remind me of ""old school"" games and give the game itself a vintage feel to it.The only thing that I would change about this game is to couple the dialogue with voice-over in order to give the story more emphasis and emotion. This will certainly keep a player's attention.Overall, I think this game is worth buying and playing for the dialogue and story alone."
76561198044451069,Not Recommended,279260,31824442,Posted: 18 May,all,Norfolkian,"Elements of the story were quite absorbing, but some of the text is not brilliantly written - for example, the dialogue of the five-year-old I did not find very realistic and I don't think reflected how five-year-olds actually speak! I agree with some of the previous reviewers that it takes too long for characters to walk around quite a featureless landscape, and I didn't really like the style of animation. It has the potential to be a good point and click adventure game, but it could be a lot better."
,Recommended,279260,33812206,Posted: 26 July,all,Berlinkes,"¿Like visual novels? It plays like an rpg but is more like a VN. Kind of dark, and powerfull (if you read Vanilla that is). I like it but it's too short, there is also diferent endings...but don't have hope. It really didn't matter that much.I think is alright to give it a 6."
,Recommended,279260,11320945,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Mnemophage,"On the one hand, Richard & Alice is an adventure game, often burdened by the very mechanics it tries to celebrate. Getting around is cumbersome, and many of the puzzles devolve into a pixel-hunt clickfest over several large, empty screens that take forever to traverse. Despite this, it's actually relatively short, and while there are a number of endings available, I probably won't be playing through it three times in order to see them all, as the gameplay won't change a bit and I can't stand to walk slowly through featureless snowfields just to see five minutes of different footage. The low-res pixel graphics are ugly enough to actively harm the experience, and the writing often tends more to the casual than transcendental.On the other hand, even here, one week after seeing the Super-Special Secret Ending, the moral ambiguity of the whole affair still haunts me. I'm left wondering if there is anything like an ideal solution to the problem presented by the story, and why such a small, cruel, sad little tale matters so much in such a big, hostile, doomed world.You might want to get it on sale.You might... you might want to start recycling. Turn your lights off at night. Campaign against climate change. Hug your children.Just a thought. Just my minuscule opinion."
,Recommended,279260,11533728,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Horrible interface but the story is nice (not great, but above average)."
,Recommended,279260,11624626,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Arkino,"It's a great game, worth the money if you're looking for a story."
76561198068386903,Recommended,279260,11902910,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,RobustNinja,"I found Richard and Alice to be exhaustively slow. The dialog was slow, both in pacing and in repetitiveness. Your characters walk so....slow. I'm not saying that characters should always be Sonic, but at the same time their movement speed shouldn't be a hindrance. The story over all was satisfying. The ending was a tad predictable but at the same time, I found myself still enjoying it. I do recommend that you try this game even if you don't thoroughly enjoy point and click adventures."
76561198106315464,Recommended,279260,11917600,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Kiwiarm,"Such a good game. I got this when I had a discount but oh man. The story is super cool, it almost made me cry. But don't think it is an easy game you have to really have to use your brain. Reading the hole story was just like reading a book but you were the charaters. To me I would buy this and play it will kill hours and you will begin to love and hate all the charaters in this amazing adventure."
,Recommended,279260,12103531,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jasyla,A bleak look at two characters brought together at the end of the world. The game provided an enjoyable 2 hours of story with some basic point & click adventure mechanics. The writing and characters are the real standout.
76561198031198753,Recommended,279260,11867116,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,itselectric,"Enjoyable point-and-click. Well done, thought-provoking story. Quick playthrough. Well worth the $2 sale price."
,Recommended,279260,11280392,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,-Samek-,"Its a solid point and click adventure game. The story is enteresting and it provokes a sense of emotions. My one and only complaint with it was the slow movement of the character and glitchy hit boxes for certain environmental elements like the trees and the lightbox server at the end... all around tho, solid 9/10."
,Recommended,279260,11745951,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,analpaper,cool story bro
,Recommended,279260,10375392,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,TildenJack,"Richard & Alice is a bit short, as I finished it in a little under 2 hours, but the story and the setting is interesting and the gameplay works perfectly fine for an adventure. I only got stuck in one area where I didn't realize that I could go to another map. I didn't particularly like the character sprites, though, and I think that a memorable soundtrack could have done a lot to strenghten the impact of the story."
76561198127939301,Recommended,279260,17805603,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,"Small short game, is cheap,is sad,is fun."
76561198080027046,Recommended,279260,13047962,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Regu,Best old-school adv I saw this year and it's almost December. One of those rare below-the-radar gems that make you  sorry that it's over so soon.
,Recommended,279260,16829103,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Theyrvalls,"What is Richard & Alice?Genre: Point & click adventure, RPG Maker styleSetting: USA in alternate present, half the world covered in snowDifficulty: 2/10 --> easyLength: 2-3 hours on first playthrough, approx. 1 hour per single rerunMode: singleplayer campaign onlyThe positive aspects:- well-written storyline with a serious tone and five different endings. That also means high replayability- decent graphics in the typical style of RPG Maker games- strong and credible atmosphere in a disaster-struck United StatesThe negative aspects:- rather short (2-3 hours to complete), only a few places to visit- no challenging riddles- lacking animations, sounds and voice acting. That is a pity, because as mentioned above, the game creates a tensioning atmosphere. Could have been even better if the developers put some extra work into that issuesResult:Regarding the pros and cons, this should be a 50-50, right?But it isn't: If you like games with appealing story lines and elaborated topics, this one is for you. Also, it has that retro charme, plus it's point & click. And after point and clicking through the story, you'll only see one out of a total of five different endings (depending on certain decisions made while playing).Definitely worth a recommmendation!"
76561198015052897,Recommended,279260,12635527,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Maliceff,Richard and Alice unfolded into a rich and interesting story.  If you are a fan of point and click games and like a deep storyline you will enjoy this gem.
,Recommended,279260,11267400,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,CmdrKeint,"Richard & Alice is a game that I would reccomend to users who love a good story line.Cons:This game is pretty slow for the point and click adventureThe game also has a few puzzles that are not obvious what so everPros:The games story line is very well writen and had me scared and worried for the charactersThe game draws you in very wellKinda spookyIn conclusion, the games story line made up for anything bad i had to say about the game"
,Recommended,279260,11269597,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,DorkOrca,"This game. This game is going to be in the top 5% of my favorite games.I'm a sucker for short stories. They're usually clean, succinct, and leave you feeling satisfied at the very least. Richard & Alice did not disappoint. The developers took a topic that has come to be of slight concern as of recently -- environmental disasters -- and crafted a sometimes suspenseful, sometimes saddening tale about a mother, a son, and a prisoner. The story progresses nicely and its three or so hours of gameplay overall make for a nice way to spend your night if you enjoy these kinds of games.Now, what I liked about it... As previously mentioned, it was a nice, quick game. The story drove itself relatively well and the small puzzles weren't particularly difficult, just occupying enough to keep you feeling involved. The point-and-click functions of the game are perfect in this aspect. I've found that some games stop themselves up with complicated puzzles and frustrating mechanics, but most of the puzzles in this game are easy to figure out and keep you thinking. The art style is perfect for the mood of the game and the pixelated graphics are just beautiful. The white noise of the snow properly maintained the cold, isolated mood most of the scenes in this game gives. The sections of suspense were played out relatively well. I feel like I don't have much to say, but once you play the game, you'll find that the upsides of the game are much more frequent and outweigh the downsides in relevance.Downsides are few but not too far between. First, her walking speed. I didn't quite mind it, but I'm a very patient guy. In most sections of the game, her trudging pace felt perfect for the mood of the story, but there were several obstructively placed walls and a certain lake you couldn't walk around the top of which occasionally frustrated me. Next, the suspenseful bits weren't too built up and generally end up just being a ""What's over there?"" sort of thing. Fortunately, there aren't too many of these and the very last one in Alice's telling of her events is even anticipated by the character herself, allowing for that bit of association with the character the game tended to lack. Backstory on the characters is sparse; were a few scenes to be included concerning Richard or Alice's pasts or maybe a dollar DLC with an equally lengthy backstory session to be included, I'd love to indulge, but I was left hungry for more information on the characters. The price appeared rather harrowing at first, but I was graced with a 66% off coupon by a great friend and just used up some extra change I had from earlier transactions. While the game is still worth the price even without good friends with good coupons, I'd suggest you be sure you'd enjoy it before you purchase lest you end up with something you feel you've wasted time and money on. I for one will share with friends in some way or another. Oh, and the animal corpse. It mattered only once and ended up feeling way too pointless. I was hoping it'd have something to do with the story but I was disappointed. Oh, well.I absolutely recommend this in the end. While it seems that I've said many more negative points about the game, these are outweighed by the emotions I experienced while playing. The developers did a great job and this game is one I'm certain I'll replay later on and share with as many of my friends as I can."
,Recommended,279260,10487258,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Lumeside,very dark story i love it :)
76561198115346958,Recommended,279260,10685849,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dylandogroc,"Very tense, very dark storyline, like most people i completed it in an entire seating. would highly recommend for its story and some puzzling features of the game, however if you hate point and clicks and were expecting more gameplay from this game i wouldn't recommend it"
,Recommended,279260,13060345,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Captain Batman,This is another Point-and-Click Masterpiece with a really interesting Story and different endings.Recommended 10/10
,Recommended,279260,24933934,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,{HB} Android D Rex,"Wow, what a great game!"
76561198065426173,Recommended,279260,10518663,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,gavin.doyle,"Richard & Alice is best descriped as interactive fiction with a few easy puzzles thrown in. The visuals look like something from an early 90's console game but don't let that put you off.The story and writing are excellant and touching. A few times I found myself genuinely anxious over  leaving Barney, Alice's son, behind while I forged. The game is short - you can finish it in a single sitting, but this is reflected in the price.Overall, I recommend you buy it. I would rank it alongside Papers Please! as examples of what small indie PC games are capable of."
,Recommended,279260,17212763,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,"dare,",Very nice story based adventure game. 10/10 worth the money.The multiple endings are really good and different and shocking. All in all you can beat everything in 2 hours it is quick but it is a nice way to spend 10 bux if you're bored.I highly highly recommend this game and games like it by the same publisher.
76561197973052125,Recommended,279260,12492399,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lord Dyran,"Dark, bleak, and simple.  Good stuff."
76561197993848840,Recommended,279260,11129758,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rachsmo,Really good! Great twist at the end.
,Recommended,279260,10548023,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Peter Destruco,"Excellent dialogue, wonderful story, much easier to take if you imagine the characters with Monty Python accents. :)"
76561198040385787,Recommended,279260,10611027,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pen2,"Not too bad, worth the price on special. Generic post apocolyptic story, features a guy and girl exchanging banter while in opposite sells. Follows the womens stories about how she arrived in the cell, what she did to survive in the world. Decent enough ending. I found the music horrible, lack of quick travel as in no double click to enter doors or access a different area without having to slowly walk everywhere. Recommend the game at sale price only."
,Recommended,279260,10660961,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kelly4d,"Lots of reading, but i quite enjoyed the story. Was like playing one of those old text adventures. Its super cheap, and not very long. Makes a nice short interactive story :)"
,Recommended,279260,10904243,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,defekt,Bleak.
,Recommended,279260,11248174,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Wormoxide,"A pointlessfull reviewGraphics:The bare minimum, all of the budget was spent on the story.Audio:Clank cloppy.Music:Bland and ominous.Controls:Point and click.Mechanics:Somewhere between a visual novel and an actual point and click adventure.Story:Dear liza there's a hole in thebucketplot.Entertainment:About as fun as playing any other puzzle game.Difficulty:Easy, but illogical at times.Replayability:No thanks the game is already tedious with all the endings."
,Recommended,279260,11833147,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,fnord3125,"The best thing I can say about this game is it kept be engaged enough that I nearly completed it on one session.  I think the story was very solid.  My biggest complaint is that, while it has multiple endings, it seems (from what I've read... I've not felt compelled to complete the other endings myself) that which ending you get is based entirely on minor in-game actions, and not on the interactions between the two main characters.  This seems like a lost opportunity, but from what I know, all the endings are reasonable conclusions to the story.  Definitely worth playing if you're up for a short, story-driven, point-and-click adventure game."
,Recommended,279260,12377371,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,novembersky,GG
,Recommended,279260,12356264,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Dihy,"Yikes, not for the faint of heart.4/5 story."
76561198082254770,Recommended,279260,10435253,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Bardouv,walking simulator. point and click
,Recommended,279260,12618315,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cyril,"This one is.... tough, to review, at least.The story is great, delving into some dark subject material and handling it well while also giving us a small cast of interesting characterslThe gameplay is about as bad as it gets adventure-game wise, though. The puzzles as a whole are okay but there's a lot of having to place your cursor precisely on rather small objects and no way to boost up the resolution. Generally these are items necessary to progress, too, and I ended up stuck more than once trying to pick something up, failing to do so and thinking it wasn't something I could pick up. Chapter 8 in particular is a huge offender in this regard. This chapter in particular also suffers from insanely slow walking speeds; it's not a big issue elsewhere in the game but this chapter is the only real free-roaming one and it's just soooo sloooow. Add the tedious pixel hunting and it just left me in a bad mood, for the wrong reasons.I'd honestly recommend this, with a caveat; just use a walkthrough the instant you find yourself unsure of how to progress and you'll be perfectly fine. I honestly believe this improves the overall experience given this game's issues on the gameplay front; it's definitely worth your time for the story."
,Recommended,279260,12250426,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rea,"Great story. It was a very interesting game for me. I am happy i bought it. Was a bit difficult sometimes to find things that would help, but i finally finished that game and i am looking for similar games with great storys like Richard & Alice had."
,Recommended,279260,17364279,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,♪,surprisingly entertaining
76561198041220538,Recommended,279260,17571634,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,cmew92,"I loved this game! The story sucked me right in! You honestly don't have to put much thought into the game, everything is pretty straight forward but the story was so amazing that i didn't even mind!"
,Recommended,279260,17572596,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ColorOfYourEnergy,"I wish there was an inbetween choice for this other than yes or no options in recommending. Meaning, I wouldn't say I ""liked it"" liked it, but it wasn't the worse point and click I have played... so I don't feel bad about purchasing it. It had an interesting enough story between the two characters and it has an alternative ending... though I felt the alternative ending was meh and anticlimatic. I wouldn't necessarily recommend Richard & Alice, but I wouldn't be so against somebody buying  it either. Support your indies!"
76561197976832571,Recommended,279260,30660210,Posted: 21 March,all,Astarôth,"A short story-driven game set in a post-apocalyptic world in wich winter is neverending.At times funny, sometimes sad and moving, the story really stays with you, even after you're done with it.There's also multiple endings, and it's a pretty easy game to 100% (legit, because f*ck SAM).The only ""con"" I have is that in some dialog, the characters swear and there's just no need for that in the context."
76561198012962211,Recommended,279260,19128291,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"This is BLEAK. From top to bottom, start to finish, it's bleak. And the ""revelations"" are all clearly telegraphed from the start because we've all pretty much seen this story before. The endings, all of them, are nihilistic and the only voice of non-nihilism is clearly written by someone who has no idea how a religious person should sound. Also, the puzzles are pretty minimal (one or two per chapter) and pretty simple, mainly there to give you a sense of agency (and unlock the different endings) in between loooooooooooooooong dialogue exchanges. But is it worth playing? Yeah. I'd say it is. I enjoyed that they made Richard the one playable in the ""present"" and Alice the one playable in the ""past."" Also, the environmentalism is subtle and almost never rises to the ""OMG-GUYS-GLOBAL-WARMING-IS-TOTES-REAL-AND-THE-MOST-IMMEDIATE-AND-HORRIBLE-THREAT-EVARRRRR!!!!"" level of other games/movies/books, so it's worth playing just for that.Basically, buy this and play it if you feel like playing a simple, bleak visual novel about a world of perpetual winter and the inevitable decay of human society.Do NOT buy it or play it if you are looking for an actual game. 'Coz a game it ain't."
,Recommended,279260,18753308,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,sendro,"Very interesting and touching story, set during an eternal winter apocalypse.Quite short (about 2.5-3 hr) point&click game, story and dialogues heavy.There are multiple endings.Reccomendend"
,Recommended,279260,18659729,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"Richard & Alice is a fantastic game. It is mostly dialogue and story-driven, similar to games like To the Moon in that respect. It takes around three hours to get one of the endings.+ Decent dialogue, although it can be awkward in places.+ Interesting setting.+ Storytelling is executed well.- I felt like some characters were more developed than others.- Slow movement speeds."
,Recommended,279260,18436614,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,AurenNorizawa,"To be honest, I didn't really grasp the entire meaning of this story. Regardless, the puzzles in this point and click was pretty straighforward. The only times I would say I got stuck was because I didn't play the game for some time and forgot what to do.Getting the endings (achievments) are sort of a pain, since you can't advance dialogue (no skip function) and have to go through the story at least two times.Use of saves at critical moments before doing certain actions helps"
,Recommended,279260,18864428,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Eight,"This game is not for everyone, mature themes for sure.  I found it an intriguing story, but I wish it was just a little more open world.  The multiple endings were a nice touch but I would have liked more choice in the way the characters developed and got to those endings rather than superficial decisions.  With one exception I found the puzzles to be too simplistic, but that didn't take away from my enjoyment of the story and the characters."
,Recommended,279260,15872289,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Metalmaddog,The graphics aren't the greatest but story is very enjoyable and quite touching. It's a pretty sad game though so if you are in for bleak world and narrative driven game this is great. The unpleasant graphics don't really bother that much once you get sucked in by the story. Would recommend for anyone who enjoys post-apocalyptic stories and doesn't mind it's only a point and click game.
,Recommended,279260,15647649,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,goblin girl,"Dark, brilliant, and horribly beautiful.A very basic point-and-click adventure, with generally self-evident puzzles and multiple endings. But, as with most such games (when they're any good), the real meat is in the story, themes, and overall atmosphere, and Richard & Alice excells at all three.I didn't cry, but I came very close (and if I'd gotten a different ending I definitely might've)."
,Recommended,279260,15242251,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ellen,"The major pro of this game is the story. The major con of this game is how freaking long it takes to walk through the barren environments. Maybe it's supposed to add to the bleakness of the characters' situations, but all it did was make me bored.I recommend this to anyone who can overlook clunky gameplay for compelling story."
76561198017813557,Recommended,279260,13721489,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shadow Phantom,I liked it mostly because the storyline perfectly fits my worldview. Its a indie point and click adventure game with simplistic graphics and no voice acting. The puzzles are all inventory based and are pretty easy for the most part.  If you like post apocalyptic storylines and you are willing to look past the weak game mechnics give it a go. It'll only take you 3 hours.
,Recommended,279260,21658831,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,SoUnDoLe,"A well written story about the dovetailing lives of two people struggling to live in a post-apocalyptic world. Deals with the decay of human morality in difficult circumstances, and is guaranteed to make you think. Puzzles are pretty reasonable and thankfully don't get too far into adventure game logic. The graphics can be a little inconsistent in quality, but when they're good they look fantastic. Music is also fitting and impressive, I'd love if the soundtrack was available on Steam! Well worth your time."
76561198061383201,Recommended,279260,11465632,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,IAmBlind,"Good game, great storyline."
,Recommended,279260,26081146,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Fangy,"The game is based on a pretty interesting premise, the world has been plunged into eternal snowfall and you're locked up in prison with only the company of another prisoner in the cell across the hall. The two of you begin talking and as the player you take turns controlling Alice in her flashbacks, and Richard in the present time.After completing the game and going through every ending, my opinion is that this is worth playing; however, if you are a completionist and want to eventually get every ending, you should play using a guide from the very beginning.  The movement in the game is very slow and if you don't make save files at the right times, you will spend several hours re-doing content to get the different endings and it's pretty frustrating.Playing through this game once is enjoyable, but trying to see the different endings can be very time-consuming if you aren't smart with your saves."
76561198264297048,Recommended,279260,24089364,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,foxtrot_44,"A basic point-and-click game, but with a very interesting narrative. It wasn't my favorite, but it was still good overall."
,Recommended,279260,23947322,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ziad10a,"Took me a while to play the game again and then finish it :)but it was a fairly nice story.Quite predictive how parts of the ending will goThe moving mechanics were annoying a bit, I'd prefer the keyboard not the mouse.But overall nice game"
,Recommended,279260,23400127,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Merim,"The story is good, and so does the puzzle. Though I dont know if its just me encountering this, but at the snow level the characters move VERY slow. Which took long to reach your destination. Not sure whether something wrong with my pc or the game, or thats just how it goes in the story (like maybe they walk through deep snow). But other than that, its a good game and remember that this game is a puzzle game. Give this a try if you like stories."
,Recommended,279260,23325495,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,El Duce,"Brilliant adventure gane that is light on puzzles and heavy on story.  The story is interesting, mature and gripping while not being gruesome or cliche in a way that I have never encoutered in a game before.Also, the gameplay supports the plot rather than being an unnecesary distraction as in often purely plot focused games.The graphics are what they are, but you are not going to be playing the game for the graphics.Must play.  Two thumbs up.Oh, and it's short.  I finished it in 3 hours.  That's a good thing, it means there is no unnecessary fluff added to waste your time.  I wish there was a genre for story based games that one can finish in one sitting, like one can watch a movie."
,Recommended,279260,22946319,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,brnsstnk,"I doubt I'll say anything new here, but this game was seriously *affecting* so I had to say something, so here's a brief summary of what I liked. If you appreciate atmospheric, plot-driven games and don't mind walking around a little too slowly then this is well worth the asking price.GAMEPLAYYou won't struggle with many puzzles - most of Richard's involve only what is at hand in his cell - but they do require enough lateral thinking to avoid boredom and don't succumb to that old point-and-click illogic (put the rubber duck on the stick because that's what you have and voilá!).STORYThe post-apocalptic setting is understated and believable. It makes the already well-written interactions all the more heart-wrenching. This is not a long game - took me a 3-hour run with one instance of wandering around for the last big puzzle (I forgot to check a cabinet). But the journey is instantly engrossing and uses minimalist audio and visuals to its advantage, creating a melancholic and foreboding sense throughout. The beauty in this game is implicit - it tackles some seriously dark themes without being gratuitous and asks philosophical questions without being pretentious."
,Not Recommended,279260,22461842,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Cyg Naador,"I picked this up as it promised to provide a decent story with some decent gameplay. Unfortunately nothing could be further from the truth. The story was predictable at best and the gameplay takes maybe the better part of an afternoon. I'm sure there are some people who will like it, but for someone who is used to games that can last 200+ hours with masterful storytelling and compelling gameplay, this title does a great deal more than fall short. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game to anyone."
76561198077719495,Recommended,279260,22328669,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,babydollpinup,This shorter post-apocalyptical game is brimming with joy and laughter- oops I meant to say grim themes and human savagery that accompany any game set in a post-apocalyptical context. The game is not incredibly difficult to play nor is the plot hard to understand however there are a few elements that are left up to the player to interoperate for themselves. I really enjoyed this game and going back to see all the alternative endings and their grimness. This game gave me 6.5 hours of play including replaying the game to earn all achievements and a few times I left the game running and got distracted by something else in my home.
,Recommended,279260,28598840,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kitty,Wonderful little game.  Every pixel point-and-click fan should own this treasure.
76561198025816757,Recommended,279260,27904578,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Andrea Harper,"Christ this is so much sadder than the synopsis makes it out to be. Like, I was expecting Death Valley levels of sadness, not the Marinaris Trench. If I'd known the, uh, twist, for lack of a better term, I probably wouldn't have played it. It's a great game, does a lot with very little, but good god in heaven the synopsis should mention Barney by name, I was not prepared, and am not dealing with it well.If you're at all genre savvy, Barney will be obvious about two seconds after you meet him (and while he's an important part of the game there's a lot more to it, so if you're teetering on the edge of no stick with your gut) and if you think you can handle it, this is an excellent, thoughtful piece about morality and desperation, the point past where every choice is bad and you have to decide which one will hurt least, and also briefly not so much religion as faith in times of utter crisis, but if you can't please stay far away I wish somebody had been able to tell me how much worse than I expected it to be it was.I... wasn't really satisfied with the ending I got, to be honest, and I'm not entirely sure how the cause and effect worked out, because if you'd dropped me in Alice's shoes knowing everything there was to know, somebody wouldn't have made it out of that church and it's even odd on who, to be honest, but at the same time the likelyhood of me ever having the emotional bandwidth to play through it again and find out what the other options are is slim to none.One thing I thought worked perfectly was the walking mechanic. Wandering through a blizzard is no fun, and having movement speed be stuck at a crawl really worked for me in that sense.I'm recommending it because it's very good at what it does but please keep your own state of being in mind, this is not for the faint of heart."
76561198006849221,Recommended,279260,32751694,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,A slow burner of a story. The elements of this game remind me of The Shining.
,Recommended,279260,32856541,Posted: 27 June,all,Barack Obama,"Richard & Alice is a story and decision based point and click adventure game. It has a very immersive atmosphere clouded with mystery and an eerie sense of a dystopian world in which both Alice and Richard inhabit.At the beginning, there is no explanation to any of the circumstances to which the world has become hostile and dangerous. The outcome of the plot revolves around decisions that you make in the game and the multiple endings are not only gut wrenching but also thought provoking.The world is beautifully rendered with a bleak color palette in the cold outdoor scenes and tainted with a grain filter.My only gripes with this game are the bland puzzles, weird combinations and the lack of influence in some conversation choices.Overall, the game has it's flaws but I would strongly recommend exploring and venturing into the dystopian world of Richard & Alice."
76561197993158893,Recommended,279260,34856520,Posted: 10 September,all,D1rty Sanchez,Holy crap this game is depressing.Moar plz
76561197970859560,Not Recommended,279260,34320924,Posted: 17 August,all,Bee,"I liked the writing and the story and the characters. The game itself is mostly a series of item hunts. It is also unfortunately short (about 2 hours) for the price. Good for a dollar or two, but not 6."
76561198129936651,Recommended,279260,34950272,Posted: 14 September,all,kokiri1232,"Richard & Alice is good Post-apocalyptic game. Now for the story.You play as Richard a former soldier in jail for desertion, during a Post-apocalyptic snow storm. As watches tv in his cell what well someday be turned into a home for the rich, he hears something from the next cell over, when he looks he meets Alice a woman in jail murder. They get to talking and Alice tells him her story.Okay first this game can be a little slow sometimes story wise I mean it’s not bad, just wish it had a bit more action, but it’s not too bad. This game can be depressing, but I mean that in a good way.And there are some bugs, like you save fill being gone but that just happened to me and I just made two fills.Okay what I liked about.Story was good. Liked the banter between Richard & Alice. Liked the little world building. The exploring themes of hope, despair and morality. Lastly liked the dark atmosphere of the game too.Now for stuff I did not like/could have been better.Would have liked to meet the Polar Bear gang. Game could have had a little bit more characters to talk too. Game could have been a little longer. And lastly the save bug.But with all that said the game was very good, and I hope someday we get a sequel or a Prequel of this game."
