user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,279440,13113123,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,VideoGameCarnage,"Being a huge fan of the original Lone Wolf books, this was an instant purchase for me. I expected maybe 45 minutes to an hours worth of gameplay at most. Forge Replay haven't just created an interactive book with a few fancy pictures. They've crammed in an unbelievable amount of content: An in-depth character creation system. A superbly written story. Turn based, quick-time combat. Countless unlockables. A whopping 79 achievements, and so much more! I really hope to see more from these guys.For those of you who enjoyed the soundtrack, it's available here (official link) -https://soundcloud.com/93-steps/sets/joe-devers-lone-wolf-original"
,Not Recommended,279440,13261936,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,~GSW~ JumpyJump,"TLDR: Lone Wolf game ported from mobile to PC. Probably not going to satisfy those unfamiliar with Lone Wolf, and liking Lone Wolf isn't a guarantee you'll like it either. What should you pay for this if you were to get it? ~$5 to ~$7.It's been a real struggle, as a fan of Lone Wolf since grade school, whether to thumbs up or thumbs down this one. Ultimately I give it a thumbs down, based on price, and whether or not I think people would enjoy it. Despite several parts of the game that work, some don't, including the story which is a real problem for a game like this.  In the end, it's a mobile game with mobile limitations and a need to make Lone Wolf ""gamier.""My breakdown~OVERALL: The game presents well. The UI and Storybook look nice and flavorful, although the UI animations get obnoxious. The graphics and combat animations are nice while not being stellar. The music is good although there's very little of it so you'll be listening to the same tracks for the whole game. The sound effects are easily the weakest part of the game. Little variety to them and they all have little impact. Striking wounds in combat sounds like someone tearing a piece of paper quickly. The brief narration at chapter breaks is awkward as well.GAME BOOK ADAPATION: It doesn't stay very faithful to the game books in terms of mechanics. While this isn't all bad and they manage to add to game play rather than purely subtract from it, Lone Wolf loses a part of its identity when designed like most modern video games. You define your character at the game start according to whether they're bashy, sneaky or thinky. So right out of the gate you're greeted by what you see in a lot of other games: a strict list of choices guiding gameplay rather than staying open-ended. You pick 4 powers from the usual Kai Powers list, have Vitality, Endurance and Kai Power pools for taking hits, using melee attacks and using Kai Powers and the Sommerswerd.You level up based on the story decisions you make (again, Fighty, Sneaky or Thinky are the usual choices you get.) Sometimes your Kai powers offer you other story choices, and these are grouped under one of the three main attributes for experience purposes. You can master 3 different weapons which provides tweaks to their attacks. You do the same for the Sommerswerd. But those are just kinda tacked on. All in all, mechanically, the game was enough to get me to finish but it'll be years before I replay it, if ever.Secondly the game is very linear, even for a Lone Wolf game, but you can retread a lot of paths you chose not to take initially too. So there it also loses something in translation, where story paths in Lone Wolf are restrictive, and you're always moving forward. The choices you can't go back on in this game don't feel like they carry much weight. I don't feel much compulsion to go back and play as a Strength character, for example, or to find what that one room which mysteriously stopped being a choice was about. There are only a couple places in the game you can't go back to. All this retreading also becomes a problem for resources, because you can farm random encounters for the loot drops, just like most traditional video games. So where in the game books scarcity is a big part of your decision making, LW HD Remastered is your standard potion guzzling, resource hoarding affair. On normal you have to be screwing up pretty badly not be drowning in health potions, extra ammo and money. Making LW mechanically like other games robbed it of some urgency and danger.COMBAT - Being that this is a mobile game, combat comes down to three things: decision making on what ability to use or attack to launch, luck and Quick Time Events. This wouldn't be so bad, as combat early on is actually pretty challenging and the wrong choice at the wrong time will screw you, so these choices feel important. But there's two problems: 1) somewhere midgame, you start getting very overpowered and combat loses its teeth and 2) there is way, way too much combat. Playing through you can sense where combat is thrown in as filler often, as the text regularly goes into ""And then a bunch of Giaks and Drakkarim burst on the scene."" Where there might be interesting choices to make, puzzles to challenge your mind or just variety, combat is the substitue for all those things in LW HD. Dever had some great brain buster puzzles in the game books, but here the puzzles are a 3d cube you mess with to fit into a lock, and boss fights. A final gripe is that there are very few enemy types (for a PC game), so you'll be fighting the same couple of monsters with some reskinning and difficulty tweaks for most of the game. I wouldn't be so hard on combat if they'd used it more sparingly, but as it is the bulk of my 16 hours in game was spent doing that.STORY - As a long time Lone Wolf fan this is hard to say, but this is easily the weakest Lone Wolf story Dever has written.  It's kind of a drastic change from the usual LW story. Set sometime after Book 2 but before Book 10, LW is dealing with local problems in Sommerlund instead of fighting the war against the Darklords, since this is an interlude in the Magnakai quest. So compared to the usual LW story you:-Fight your way through almost all problems.-Don't really go anywhere other than your own backyard.-Aren't being constantly hunted, despite the text trying to make you feel you are.-Aren't being betrayed, despite the text raising the question often.-Aren't adventuring in a land filled with scumbags and traitors and spies.-Get motivations from the story to make you feel the pressure and the direness of the situation, except none of them work.-Get the least likeable character Lone Wolf has ever traveled with, who is annoying, the primary driver of the plot and is a bit of a Mary Sue. Do you enjoy reading about someone who disrespects your character, ignores all your advice, rarely thanks you for your constant sacrifices, disobeys all your strictures and basically without who the story almost wouldn't have a point? Well, saddle up! The narration is almost painfully selfaware of all this.I want to like the story, but it's just too weak and lacks the interesting and quality adventuring that made the Lone Wolf game books so good.  A lot of space is given over to people in the story, fleshing out characters whereas the LW books were all about YOU DOING STUFF. The game is recognizable as LW because of the setting, names and game book art (which tries to faithfully emulate Gary Chalk's work), not because of how it handles itself. Even the story choices you get to make seem uninspired for Dever, which are less about how you as a Kai get♥♥♥♥♥♥done, and more about how whatever you do inevtiably ends up in combat. Wrong choices feel even more hard coded, since QTEs replaced the game books dice rolls and are hard to fail. You're left with the choices that end up making combat easier or harder in some way. Combined with the linearity, and the story itself and how it's executed is probably one of the game's biggest disappointments.DURATION: I managed to get nearly 16 hours of it by milking the experience as long as I could. So probably 8 to 10  hours for most players. I got my money's worth there.So for Lone Wolf fans, maybe this is worth a look. It's undeniably Dever but it's just not that interesting of a story. I ended up liking the visuals and restylization of Lone Wolf (although those side burns look ridiculous) but after 10 hours it too became repetitive.Get this if you want to show your support for Dever and Lone Wolf, or because you really crave a new Lone Wolf experience. Just don't expect the same kind of rose-tinted enjoyment because it may not deliver.To everyone else....it's a mobile game ported to the PC that will probably underwhelm you and in my opinion, isn't representative of the quality that made the Lone Wolf books something people would make a game of."
76561198022595193,Recommended,279440,13116446,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,darkanubis2500,"As a kid, I loved the Lone Wolf book series.  These books were my first introduction real RPGs.  So when I tripped over this during the Thanksgiving Sale, you can imagine my excitement.Friends and fans of the old-fashioned adventure books, it does not dissapoint.The game basically plays like an alternate version/continuation of the Lone Wolf adventure book series.  While a newcomer to the series might feel a touch lost, the opening sums things up beautifully and character creation is a breeze.  Everything is so clear and concise.  Most importantly though, *your choices actually matter*!Much like the original books, every decision you make reverberates through your adventure.  I'm only starting the second chapter, but I am thouroughly hooked, weighing each choice carefully before I make it.  Especially when said choices can impact the combat encounters.Oh yes, the combat.  If you're a fan of Paper Mario or South Park: Stick of Truth, this should feel rather familiar.  Select target, choose an attack, maybe do a quick-time event for more damage.  All turn-based, pretty standard stuff (though the graphics are absolutely GORGEOUS!).  But the biggest draw to combat is how it ties to your choices leading up to it!You spot a group of enemies.  Do you sneak up on them?  Charge in and try to catch them off-guard?  Spend some of your limited supernatural power to try and sneak past them?  Whatever choice you makes carries into the combat, rendering enemies weaker or even avoiding combat all together if you choose well, or possibly giving them a chance to strike first if you fail at your attempt.  And just like in the books, while combat can be exciting, you feel the limit of your health and items.  The game feels very rewarding when the right choice leads to an easier fight.I cannot stress this enough:  If you ever liked the Lone Wolf books, get this game.  If you're a fan of RPGs in general and you've never heard of the Lone Wolf books, go read about them on TVTropes or something and then *GET THIS GAME.*  You're not just buying an immersive game, you're paying homage to a piece of Roleplaying history."
76561198189155037,Recommended,279440,15936741,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Susan,"I've played this game all the way from the time when it was still being released by episodic on iOS. The gameplay certainly is different from what one may be used to if one has played the original gamebooks. I was surprised at first, but eventually find that this is quite a refreshing way to explore the world of Lone Wolf.Artwork is absolutely gorgeous! Loved seeing Lone Wolf actually portrayed in his full glory for the first time ever, albeit still in his early years as a Kai Lord. The transition from paper to 3D and back is a great touch. Battle backgrounds are varied according the player's location when attacked.The soundtrack is pretty good as well, well suited for the environment and events. They add to the mystique, danger, sorrow of whichever fortunate, or unfortunate event that occurred in the game world.Battles require players to understand the mechanism and adapt to something completely different from the gamebooks. It also may seem repetitive, but personally, I feel that it's unavoidable for a game of this caliber. The freedom of movement and random battles aim to help the player to get used to fighting a certain enemy, gain items and gold, as well as provide the player with the ability to have some control over moving in an area. It allows the player to break free from the typical gamebook linearity where they must perform certain XYZ actions at a specific time, and no other (i.e. purchase from merchants. or training skills).A lot of balancing changes have been made to the battle system since it was first released. I find it quite well balanced compared to initial release. Some battle elements appear to be random, unfair and hard, but if one played the original gamebooks properly (i.e. without cheating), one may find themselves on the verge of death or dying quite often as well.Not a fan of QTEs, but I feel that this game has it done right for the general user. They are doable as long as the player remembers what QTE action is required for which combat skill. The QTEs are fixed for almost every battle action, and events (as long as you can memorize the QTEs every event in the game). The controls are intuitive for the mouse, and does not impose strict directional movements on the player (i.e. the swipe does not have to be a definite 45 degree semi-circular movement to be executed).Statistics can rise depending on the actions the player decides to take during an event. Repeated usage of weapon skills will eventually lead to an additional bonus for that particular skill. Crafting to improve weapons, armours and certain items are a welcome surprise. (I only miss my Sommersack from the iOS). There are some puzzles in the game to give variety, but not that much that it takes too much from the gameplay.This is certainly an interesting way to breath life into a gamebook, what with many other companies already creating digital gamebooks that adhere more or less to the standards of a paperback (i.e. dice-rolling, turn to page ###).Sure, it's not perfect (seriously, what is?), but a truly excellent work from both the original creator of Lone Wolf, and the developer of this game."
76561198060136747,Recommended,279440,16108101,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,crulty,"You play out certain actions as you read along the book about Lone Wolf character. Game has a good story, similar to Witcher series, you hunt monsters and protect lesser races.Combat is semi turn based, you attack within a time limit in which you can execute certain actions. If you abuse your rations the game will become harder, items have durability, what you do in game has consequences and will affect your progress. Camping / meditation will rejuv. your health\energy\kai - energy and also can draw enemies to attack you while sleep.You can upgrade gear, repair, collect money, use traders, use different weapons. Base stats affect combat and abilities.Each time you level, game recalls your actions, and uses them as a reference to increase your statistics at the end of a chapter or major events.Play time was about 35 hours from start to finish."
76561198016107880,Recommended,279440,31553902,Posted: 4 May,all,Seraph,"R.I.P Mr Dever.  I recently found out he passed away in late 2016 and felt that I just had to get this game for old times sake.  Been a fan of the Lone Wolf series since my teenage years and watching Youtube gameplay of the game it felt like a gamebook brought to life to a screen.I played this game to the end and it feels like a proper old school Lone Wolf gamebook with interactive quicktime elements.  I wish there are more games like this in the market.Pros:1) it really feels like an interactive book with proper writing.  Have to use your imagination.  People may not be used to this in a modern game if they don't like reading.2) fun gameplay with good RPG elements.  Fun if at times unbalanced combat (more on this later).3) a lot of choices.  Branching storylines.  The powers you pick and your stats greatly affect gameplay, which leads to replayability.4) Nice puzzle minigames.  These range from simple to somewhat challenging.  Your choice of a Kai power enables an option to assist the cube puzzles.Cons:1) the uneven difficulty in combat as you progress in the story.  The game throws you into your first combat and it's either sink or swim.  Chances are you will die often before figuring out the mechanics to overcome certain enemies.  Even then you will still die because you simply don't know the correct order of using your skills and powers.For example, sometimes the optimal choice is to save your Kai powers for more difficult enemies in the next round but the game does not give an indication of how many enemies you will fight.  You may have slain a couple of low level critters before an elite soldier steps up to confront you while your powers are on cooldown, meaning that your options are limited and leaving you open to be attacked.  For some combat it takes a couple of tries using trial and error of different combinations before you can succeed.Eventually Lone Wolf became so powerful that he can take down several Drakkarim without being hit a single time.2) Although I have only done one playthrough, it seems like some powers may be a more optimal choice over others.  E.G. how can you forgo Mindblast/Mindshield when you know certain enemies perform psychic attacks?3) Dare I say, a bit too much combat?  I seems like Lone Wolf has slaughtered a whole batallion of soldiers when the story ended.4) There could have been more variety of enemies.  Where is the Helghast?TLDR:  Old school gamebook series brought to life on a tablet/PC.  Don't play if you don't like reading and using your imagination."
76561198081629826,Recommended,279440,13213767,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Batsu,"As a fan of this saga i had to buy this game...at first i was a little doubtful, cause it was a mobile game but, once played, i found a great turn based rpg. The books saga was strongly focused on survival choice, the game instead is more oriented on combat (so, expect a little farm time...and it's great for a game born as an application for smartphone!!!). On hard, the game require +-20 hours, including farming for equip/secondary missions, and it's kinda challanging (good to know still be proving on easy too)Pro:It's Lone Wolf and conserve a part of the saga's spiritWell designed interface and good looking graphicWell structured strategic combat systemCombat style is CustomizableLevel Up based on your choiceCon:Not so many paths like the booksSixth Sense can easy resolve the amazing puzzlesSorry for my english, i'm not native."
,Recommended,279440,33586448,Posted: 16 July,all,FOXX5,"Joe Dever's Lone Wolf is a series of game books and now they have made this digital version. I still have several of the old game books from the 80s and 90s, so I bought this as soon as it was on sale. Now because this game is based off a book series there is alot of reading. If you dont like reading dont buy this game. The gamer elements ate during combat, travel and puzzle solving.I found the game to be enjoyable. They story is fantastic and easy to follow. You are always making choices which makes your story unique. When my son made his lonewolf character he was completely different then mine. Leveling the character and its skills and powers are good. customizing weapons, equipment and potions were perfect. Combat system is nice you have to manage your vitality, kai power and endurance to be effective and do the right moves to land your hits. Tons of choices. Puzzles are fun without being tedious. I LOVE the art style in book, true fantasy grit.I think they could improve the game by making more animation. Combat can be repetive by late game. There are only a few different enemies types.I think they game is worth the 14.99 but I did wait for a sale. The Lone wolf series should be made into a telltale game. I think that would help its popularity by telling the story rather then having to read it. I dont like to read alot and I still enjoyed this game I give it a 83/100"
76561198050256667,Recommended,279440,16474956,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,franecki,"I've been a fan of Joe Dever's Lone Wolf books since they came out 31 years ago, and this game is an awesome continuation of the character and the franchise. It is mostly a choose-your-own adventure, with many skirmishes / combats sprinkled throughout the story. The combat system is a cute variation on standard ARPG: after choosing your action, movements of the mouse determine success/failure (pay attention when monsters attack you for your chance to dodge / block!).If you know the character, this is a great new story with Lone Wolf. If you don't know the character, it's still a fun gamebook in computer form, with _many_ hours of play and branching paths to explore. Either way, it's a win-win!!"
,Not Recommended,279440,13341620,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,The Black Knight of 2fort,"This is a recommendation that borders right on the 50ish out of 100 score, making it a toss-up between 'buy this' or 'don't buy this'.  Keeping in mind that I have yet to pass five or so hours in game yet and this is based only on the first chapter, my biggest problem is this.There is so.  Much.  RNG.Restating, there is nothing wrong with Random Number Generator-based anything.  Every game relies on RNG.  Sometimes your attack goes through, sometimes it's blocked, sometimes it's parried, sometimes you get lucky, sometimes not.  The problem with Lone Wolf is how shatteringly screwed you can be by the RNG, and there is not a single thing you can do about it.The fighting consists of two phases for you; an attack phase and a rest phase.  During your attack phase, a timer ticks down how long you have to make your attacks, drink your potions, etc.  You can do multiple things per turn, until you eat up all your END (physical actions), MANA (magic actions) or run out of time.  Your END recovers very slowly during your attack phase and very quickly during your rest phase, with your MANA barely recovering at all until you kill an enemy.  However, while YOU cannot attack in your rest phase, enemies can attack ALL THE TIME, operating on their own (hidden) attack and rest phases.  You can and will be interupted while you go to select an attack by an enemy launching his attack first, preventing you from acting on a strategy or idea.RNG as I already stated is beyond intolerable at times.  The very first attack launched against you, you might dodge.  Or  it can stun you, you lose your turn, and are unable to act while enemies deal 1500 damage to you (very realistic damage, considering even within the first 3-4 battles they start throwing 3 enemies at a time at you).  Or you might dodge all these attacks and then launch your own POWERFUL attack on an enemy.  He might take the hit and lose 50% of his health, or he might counter it, take 10% damage, and you have just wasted 50% of your END, better luck next time.The point of this is that it boils down to the right set of circumstances happening to let you succeed.  Being stunned in turn 1 can sometimes be an instant game-over, as you lose your turn and are reduced to nearly no HP and struggling to recover.  5 minutes into the fight, you might be selecting your sword to kill an enemy when he swigs back a potion (Even basic enemies have potions, by the way, hope you don't mind your fodder healing themselves), and he now has more HP than you can dish out, preventing you from killing him, preventing you from replenishing your mana, preventing you from healing the next round, meaning you died.And this is all topped off with the fact that you can restart every battle from the beginning.  So what happens?You restart.  A lot.Not even from dying, either.  Enemy dealt a shattering crit on their first move?  Restart, this time you parry it.  Enemy stunned you at the wrong time?  Restart, hope that doesn't happen this time.  I have had cases where I have restarted certain fights upwards of 15-20 times until the RNG simply decided it was a good time to let me win, and the enemies didn't pull any shenanigans and my attacks went off without a hitch.Bottom line of all this: The game is pretty and sounds nice, fantastic.  But the gameplay itself suffers horrendously not because of actual mechanics, but because all the behind-the-scenes calculations rely entirely on a very erratic RNG system that can leave you decimating your enemies easily or getting royally screwed over on your very first turn.  If you buy this game, be prepared to accept that a great deal of your time will involve slamming that ESC key, restarting the battle, and just praying that RNGesus is kind to you this time."
76561198007608802,Recommended,279440,13115378,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nominal 1,I am enjoying Lone Wolf having never played an interactive novel. Playing on hard level is challenging. But you can replay from the beginning of battle or restart from last camp check point. Then re-think load out (potions) and choice of action leading to next battle. The use of keybinding and mouse clicks seem to make battles more fluid then just mousing around body parts and clicking to execute action. I think it's worth a play. I picked up Lone Wolf during sale and feel money was well spent.
,Recommended,279440,32409243,Posted: 14 June,all,Mölvääni,"Interesting gameplay. To my understanding, it's been ported from a mobile-game and that's why it is a bit awkward time to time and has that point'n'click-clocked-turn-based-combat. It also has a little rogue-like side in combat since some enemies are truly merciless. Based in the original game-novels it really swallows you up inside the atmosphere. The adventure is text-based and it requires some thought to play, but is actually really rewarding!9/10"
,Recommended,279440,25220001,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,mougin_nicolas,If you used to read/play the books a long time ago as a kid (1990 - I was in middle school)it is probably worth it.It is an interactive game book so dont buy it if you don t like to read.part of it is lecture.The game is long enough (more than I initially thought) took me 40 hours to win.I did not find it too hard - played default difficultythis is not the kind of games that you play again and again after you finished it though.for information the original old lone wolf books are available for free download online nowadays.(lookup project AON)
76561198082345505,Recommended,279440,13118216,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Cairn.L,"Such a well-polished game!Great story, great soundtracks,  interesting battle system & game mechanics!!"
,Recommended,279440,13130891,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"The game is average, but it has its own uniqueness. Its like an interactive book with multiple tools to get the job done with slight variation to how the game unfolds.The narative is stylish and done close to how the upcoming 'Hand of Fate' is done, but is somewhat different. Its fancy, rich in details and vivid, making it really easy to picture the events unfolding. Seriously its like an ok fantasy book.Now the problems with the game are shallow crafting and loot systems, repetitive combat, customisation and soundtrack.The combat is semi turn based and is somewhat confusing for the 1st 3-6 minutes, then after a few hours of slaying monsters it gets rather repetitve and boring also easy *if you have chosen the perks right* or are willing to use potions.Crafting system exists but other then the 'inventory increase' the changes the crafted gear brings are minimal. The 'various weapons' are not so various at all its the same 3 weapons with slightly different stats and sometimes a different model. Now the animations are done well *even the comical faces of enemies during the mana restoration finishers* and the gameplay is on the point fluid, but with little variation to it it eventually will get dull no matter what. Too many battles with too little variation.Soundtrack was distracting and filled with disturbing background noises of a muted phone under a pillow a few meters away.Overall its a solid game, definite few hours of fun, unless  you are impartial to the storytelling narrative, which this game does great.Overall easy 6-7/10. Worth a puchase when its on sale."
76561198079020363,Recommended,279440,15897689,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,crickit90,"I'd never heard of Lone Wolf 24 hours ago. I paid $7.49 for this game, and it was beyond worth it. I've played just under thirty minutes. This game feels great. You get to create a customized character in minutes, those choices immediately affect the story you are reading and the combat you will face. The story events are between old school text based adventures and quick time events. It blends your decisions with your actions beautifully. The turn based combat doesn't let you walk away. You have limited time and resources to take actions, so you need to make snap decisions. To be effective you need to stay calm and focused. This makes the combat thrilling, and did I mention this game looks pretty too. The way they blend art from the book into the combat sequences is stunning. The graphics aren't what you would see on a next gen console, but they look good. As far as animation is concerned, I have to say they nailed it. From throwing knives to having your chest slashed open, the models move fluidly. I definitely recommend picking Lone Wolf up if you have $10 to spare.Edit: Now that I have almost ten hours under my belt, I would like to expand this review a little bit. I started another character because I didn't see how it was possible to survive without certain skills. Turns out I was wrong. You can definitely take whatever starting skills you are interested in trying. Sometimes enemies will wreck your day. When it happens, you may not even get to defend yourself because it is absolutely possible to become stun locked. It isn't likely, and because the game uses a random element, it is also completely possible for you to dodge every attack in a fight. You will probably die a couple of times during a fight that you are prepared for due to bad luck. It makes it far more rewarding when you try again and slaughter your enemies. If you really get stuck, the game even has the option to drop the difficulty a step when you retry. I should also talk about replay value after making a second character. It's okay. If you choose different skills at the beginning of the game, and you try taking another path through each of the obstacles in the game, then it isn't too repetitive. Many of the fights will be the same or nearly the same unless you had the option to avoid one completely. When you know what you are doing, you can definitely work through the fights faster, and it feels like you are accomplishing something rather than grinding because the story actually moves as you cut down your enemies. I can't say how long a run through this campaign should take. I just set the game on hard, turned off hints, and charged into the fray."
76561197993528201,Recommended,279440,13128795,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Docco,"If you liked the Lone Wolf series back in the 80's, this is probably a childhood fantasy come to life.Be aware, this is an interactive book with more reading than anything else, but it is as well written as ever when it comes to Joe Dever's style.  Reading is separated by quick-time events - whether it's the combat system itself (there is a slight bit more to it than quick-time like picking what type of attack etc.) or an action event where you have to quickly react after you've made a questionable decision.As for everything else, you start off by choosing your gimmicks (animal kinship, camoflouge, mindblast, etc.) just like the good ole' days and it takes off from there.  The page artwork is fantastic (black & white pencil sketches like the books, but brought to life), and the combat uses 3D with pretty good quality models and environments.  Music is dynamic and quite well done (title screen reminded me of Loreena McKennitt).All in all, I give it two thumbs up (graciously donated by the the Giak I just killed)."
76561198060095730,Recommended,279440,13134933,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BigBadOrc,"Overall I like the game a lot. I loved the books, so that's not too surprising. It's heavily story based, but it's a very interesting story.  I like the artwork a lot, and the combat is unique and interesting.I wish the menu animations could be sped up or turned off.It gives you a choice during character creation of ""you prefer a straightforward approach, though it is often reckless"",""you carefully assess the details before overcoming any obstacle"", or ""you rely on your dexterity and intuition""Well, I picked carefully assess the details. Now when I level up I tend to get a bunch of intelligence and not much str/dex. Coincidence?I guess that makes my somerswerd powers better and my psi-attack, but I probably use my sword skills much more often. I just wanted to be a fighter who was smarter than ""THAG SMASH RRRARRGGGH"""
76561198072464146,Recommended,279440,13273160,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Vezhan,"After having played Lone Wolf for 10 hours, I have decided to write a review for the first time since I joined steam. My intent in doing so is to share my view, with my fellow gamers, that this game deserves to be played and enjoyed.When I saw Lone Wolf on the main page I immediately had a flashback of the books that I used to read/play when I was a kid. This being said, I was prudent before buying because the last thing I wanted was to experience a disapointment that would taint my memory of such a great experience I had playing these books. I was especially worried about the Quick Time Events (QTEs), as I really hate those in a game (QTEs usually means a shortcut to me, one that the developper took instead of developping a combat system for example) This being said, I didnt want this game to be a hack/slash either. So I took a chance after having read the positive reviews.The game is essentially split in two parts: Reading the story and making choices, based on your stats and character's specifics, and combat/action events.The story itself is true to the Lone Wolf books. Well written, engaging, and detailled enough so that you can perceive or visualize the envrionement in which you evolve. There are also pretty cool pictures once in a while. The choices you make in the story determines where you go, who joins or assist you, what loot you may get, and how you engage in fights.The combat and action events takes you out of the story format and brings you into a live event where you see yourself fighting enemies. The combat is similar to a turn based like Final Fantasy (time bar until it is your turn). When it is your turn, you have a certain time to execute as many actions as you want/can based on your endurance and energy points. It is here that you need to be smart to efficiently determine when and how you will play certain moves and how you will combine them to maximize their efficiency.The enemies are hard but not unfair. If you die, it is because you should probably have spent that endurance on a defensive move rather than that other move. Some people say QTEs are unfair in combat, because, yes, sometime if you miss one, it results in the enemy landing a more heavy hit. I personally see this as a test of your reflex (which evidently you would have to show in combat or any combat game) The QTEs becomes rather easy after a while anyway. I currently play on normal and find the difficulty just right.The character developments is also more complex than I originally thought. It seems your stats raises based on what choices you make during certain acts. For example, if you make a choice that would result on a action based on your dexterity, it will result in a better chance for you to increase your dexterity at the end of the act. Also, the more you use certain skills, the more these will level up, granting you more bonuses in those skills.You can also collect items to forge and level up your equipment. It is not a deep item crafting system, but it keeps you on your toes to manage your item and money. The bonuses to upgrading your equipment are essential.Overall, great engaging story, good enough fighting system for a game based on books, great music (really). I will replay many times to try out different skills combination."
76561198055598767,Recommended,279440,13239936,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Captain Seasalt,"Pretty damn great :) Just like the adventure books when I was a kid, except the 3d fighting was done in my head back then."
76561198104380094,Recommended,279440,22604872,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,eubank321,The controls start off alittle rough but once you learn what to do and how to do it its really enjoyable. This is not your typical rpg but if you give it a chance and you dont mind reading you will have alot of fun.
76561197962557676,Recommended,279440,13122316,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,tbd_phant0m,Being a fan of the Lone Wolf books since the 80's so I may be biased with my quick review.For me it reads like a great Joe Dever RPG that he is so well known for. The fighting aspects of the game are very well done and involving. The quests within the story are very well put together.Being Lone Wolf in the world of Magnamund is a must for any fan of his work and the studio that have worked so hard to get it right have done a terrific job. Well done to all involved.Even if you are not familiar with Lone Wolf and the world of Magnamund you will not be disappointed. Give it a try and be one with the Kai.
,Recommended,279440,29378202,Posted: 20 January,all,Apoc,"You might have heard about Lone Wolf a long time ago, back when books were only on paper. It was also part of the pretty interesting genre of Choose Your Own Adventure that made you play a game while reading, perfect to get kids interested. I was pretty surprised to see a Lone Wolf video game, almost 25 years after I enjoyed some of those books.The game itself is a mobile port but it's actually pretty solid, it would not look like a mobile game if you removed those touchscreen controls. Everything is using the mouse like if it was your finger but it's really responsive and forgiving. Not once did I felt like I was playing a mobile game.The game is pretty unique, at its core it is an rpg with stats, abilities and inventory but it comes in two parts. The book is like a Visual Novel, a lot of text, some choices and very rare quick time events with some of those choices. Then there is the battle portion of the game where you use motions and clicks to battles some enemies. There are also two quick minigames, lockpicking and a puzzle cube. The book visuals are pretty sharp and stylished then the battle graphics are colorful and pretty detailed for a 15$ mobile port.The book portion is pretty linear, sometimes you have two or three paths but in the end they will all lead to the same end. There are multiple choices that affect the text but often also the battles, you might be able to skip a battle, start one with enemies on fire or with less enemies for example. Some of those choices are also limited by the abilities you picked at the character creation so it add a good amount of replayability while the story will still mostly be the same but with some different events.The battles are hit or miss. Depending on your character build you can have pretty close fights or you can have very unfair fight where you die in 5 seconds without having time to do any action or where you annihilate the enemies before they can act. It is very random but, to be fair, the books where also pretty random with battles using a random number table. I won't go into too much detail about the battle mechanic since the game gives tutorial prompts but it's pretty much all quick time event except some abilities without any prompt. You have a decent amount of time to do those prompt so it does not require lightning fast reflexes but messing up one prompt can mean losing a battle. There are no penalties to losing battles except the time lost because you can simply replay the battle as many time as you want, and you might need to do for some bosses or if you play on Hard.As for the story itself, it is separated in 4 acts, all with pretty different areas and at least one new enemy type each. Lone Wolf was inspired by Dungeon and Dragon so it will feel familiar if you are used to this type of fantasy. Most of the story is about getting from point A to point B evading or killing monsters, looting stuff and with two or three npc to interact with per act. It is a dark story, you can't save everyone and some of those choices can be pretty mean. Lone Wolf is an already developped character so you can't be evil and act any way you want but, while he is a hero, he is not totally good and actually pretty grey. I guess you could compare it to the Paragon and Renegade system in Mass Effect.Overall, if you can get past the pretty random filled battle system, it is a great game that is a very well though interpretation of the gamebooks genre. Sadly, Joe Dever passed away recently so it might be the last for Lone Wolf but they could use this system for other stories."
76561198040367630,Recommended,279440,13221639,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Wolfman,"Have you ever heard of the books that this game is based on?  If not I highly recommend you engage in one of the best Choose your Own Adventure series of all time.  This game is based on one of my favorite fantasy worlds of all time.  And I say that without attempting to establish a bias.  Without lying, I am a total fan of the books and have wanted the IOS copy of this game for some time.  I just never had a phone that could run it.  That being said, I jumped on this as soon as it was available.  So was it worth it?Thus far, the issues that people may have with this game, is the fact that you are essentially, reading a modernized version of one of the choose your own adventure books.  There is no real vocal nararation outside of the introduction to each chapter.  Beyond that, you the player will be reading the book, and interacting with all the choices and game mechanics in a sort of quick time event laden skill test.  Now let me start by saying I hate quick time events.  I hate them.  But in this case, given the IOS port nature of the game, they are a tolerable evil, that still works with the game.I have not played the game to date on any difficulty below the hardest... and in doing so, I have found that I literally have to budget a strategy in fights down the the precise second of battle where I need to drink a potion.  Unfortunately, I have had a couple of moments where the games RNG has decided that I would not even get to take a turn as soon as battle starts before the enemy slaughters me with no quarter.  There is a heavy element of RNG, so I am not entirely keen on the idea of that being the only real difficulty.There is a lack of music variety, but what you get is good quality stuff.  The sound effects are also not ear sores.  The game also seems to come into a length of around two and a half to three hours per Act, with four Acts to complete the whole game.  That is a base estimate, it can easily be done faster, and again, I am on the hardest difficulty, so I am certain the game can be cleared much faster on the easier stuff.All and all this is a completely solid IOS port, fully playable with virtually no gameplay related issues, except for how the touch spots work.  The example is during combat, you can turn the combat, and the ""touch spots"" where you have to clic k to bring up your menus move with the joints they are attached too.  So lone wolf's sword has a touch spot half way on the blade.  As the sword moves, so does the touch spot, and if you rotate the camera to certain angles, the touch spot can end up overlapping other touch spots.  Not the best system, but it is at least functional, and tolerable without any really devistating moments where it screwed me out of a victory.I like this game, I find it worth the price of admission considering as a choose your own adventure, there are multiple possible routes through the game that can give alternating storylines.  Its interesting, but admitantly, might not be for everyone since you are literally reading a choose your own adventure novel.  Check it out, and if you are curious about where it comes from, check this link out:http://www.projectaon.org/en/Main/BooksThis is the site where you can play the entire book series leading up to the events of the game.Sub note, you don't need to have read the books to enjoy the game.  It just helps :D"
76561198044067657,Recommended,279440,13210114,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Sky Dragon,"It's a choose your own adventure game, where 75% of the game is reading materal. The combat is like final fantasy with quick time events, inventory management is very decent, you can upgrade your armour and weapons with materals you loot or buy. The storyline is fleshed out and atmospheric; overall it was worth the 15 bucks."
76561198049261517,Recommended,279440,14420165,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cranium Basher,"Amazing game, reliving my epic childhood Lone Wolf game book on a Computer game is definitely a dream come true! The game has an amazing interface, very interactive game book feel, stunning graphics, pretty cool fight scene...... despite having all these great features, unfortunately the game was designed for tablets and smart phones which are specifically meant for touch screen application. Therefore the fight mode seems odd and not very intuitive with the mouse.All in all, this a great game which provides lots of satisfaction and a great deal of entertainment!Thank you Mr. Joe Dever for finally making this into a computer game!"
76561197998347349,Recommended,279440,13134087,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Agent 17805,"Even though the control is adapted straight from the iPhone and it takes getting used to, once you get used to it, MAN this game's damn good! I lost time playing and just hacking dudes with my sword and Sommerswerd, using them all the time so I'll get extra buffs. And choosing different outcomes in the story so your character build later on will be different. This game is awesome!"
,Not Recommended,279440,22090505,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Oculus Grey,"I enjoyed this game on a tablet once I got one that would run it. Good story and decent gameplay.I do not recommend this game for PC! It was designed for a mobile device and the pc port is almost unplayable unless you have a touchscreen (and only a little better if you do). No work was done to optimize the port for PC. Buy this game, but buy it for mobile."
76561198036400273,Recommended,279440,14859313,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Amicus Cenaculum,"+ Awesome Story+ Awesome Art+ Awesome Music+ Awesome Extras (Soundtrack AND Artbook)+ Great ""Classic"" book feel+ Great Graphics+ Great In game puzzles+ Good Character Creation+ Good Varied in game choices+ O.k. Replayability- Excessive Battle quantity to story ratio- Leveling requires grinding a little- Very Poor Battle formulaGreat game, I was a bit scared of buying this title after reading a few negative reviews, but this game is awesome, I love it.  It's much better than the classic Lone Wolf books I used to read 20 years ago, way more engaging and depth.My only negligible issue is that there is too many combats compared to the novels, yes it's enjoyable, but I find there are too many of them, it break the flow of the story a little, maybe less random combat while just traveling would resolved this issue, the story combats are more than enough on their own, no need of ""random extra encounters"" on top of it.Overall, except for excessive combat every minute or so, great game.Over all 8.5/10Great game for me, just short of perfect."
,Recommended,279440,13213041,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,smartbad,"I really love that this wonderful book series has been adapted for the video game medium. Full disclosure, as a hardcore fan of the original series of books this game is based on and an enthusiast about narrative in games, this game was a must-purchase.The only thing I would warn players about is that the combat can be kind of unforgiving at first. It takes a little while to get the hang of how it works, but after that, it is more on the ""challenging"" side of things as opposed to the ""straight up frustrating"" end of the spectrum.This game isn't for everyone. But, if you like story-centric games and a good fantasy rpg, I would recommend this game."
76561198076849117,Recommended,279440,13242864,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pierz,Good storyline that bring back memories of  the books!
,Not Recommended,279440,14197523,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Nox,"Do you like QTEs designed for a different platform, no instructions, indescipherable lockpicking minigames and repetitive combat? Yes? Then you'll love this game. If not, I can't recommend it to you. As a long time Lone Wolf fan, I was eager to see what was on offer. Here's the good, bad and really bad.1) The Good: The artwork. It's a really lovely looking game ... and that's it. There's not really much of a story so far. The experience is much like reading a graphic novel in an uncomfortable chair that has a bit of wire sticking out and poking your back.2) The Bad: (i) Not really any instructions. Sometimes, the first time you do something, it will pop-up a tip advising you of a few details but I can't seem to find a way to get those tips back. And there's no instruction manual.  (ii) Not really a story so far (to be fair - the books didn't either, usually just along the lines of ""go to the capitol and warn the king"").  (iii) Every section is a fight, some sections more than one. You must take the Kai discipline of Healing. Every single action in the game is simple a progression to the next fight. It gets dull, fast.3) (a) It's all QTEs - and I have no idea what the contact point for half the QTEs are. Some of them seem really easy and almost impossible to fail, while there is another that I have never succeeded in hitting despite being absolutely certain that I did. (b) Sadly most people probably won't read this far but THE LOCKPICKING. It makes me weep. It's really that bad. There is no contact point to tell you when you have hit the sweet spot. The picks break instantly. When they break, your pick is set back to the original position, meaning you have to start from scratch. I had 12 lockpicks. I broke all 12 - on one lock! If you are presented with any other option than using a lockpick, please, for the sake of your sanity, take it!Thank you for reading."
76561198017681447,Recommended,279440,34396821,Posted: 21 August,all,ferretsrule,"If like me you can remember reading the original Lone Wolf books then this will be a very enjoyable experience and bring back some very fond memories of a classics. For those who haven't read any Lone Wolf books this will offer you very little in amazing graphics,  you will have to read rather be read to. But it in exchange offer some mildly enjoyable puzzles, a little RPG and choices which have an impact on the story as it progresses, thumbs up!"
76561197990950891,Recommended,279440,13788981,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,.TM | S4M,"Epic narration. Superb artwork. Amazing ""living"" illustrations.One of the best and longest adventures of Lone Wolf saga I have ever read.Usually I could finish a normal old Lone Wolf game-book in 3 hours, but this new 4-acts adventure took me about 34 hours! (about the same time I needed to read the first old 10 gamebooks!)So.. ten times of fun for about the same price!!Awesome!!!!Also, I like so much Joe Dever's voice between chapters. It' s cool. It creates a great epic atmosphere and It gives me the sensation to be in a real role playing game party session with a very (very!) good gamemaster.For this reason I'd love to hear his readings in EACH page of the book! (Maybe a premium gourmet fun edition? :)I hope next episodes will come soon!!!"
,Recommended,279440,13295697,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,{*DeBug 5v0enix*},"I will start with this; A diamond in the rough. I recently saw this game on sale and figured, ""Why not give this game a try"" and the decision I made to purchase this game will not be one I regret anytime soon. From the start of the game, the immersive experience attached itself to me in a way that made me feel as if I was about to fulfill some form of destiny. The decisions you mkae in this game trully effect the outcome of your path. I trully feel as if the character is one with a portion of myself that may have been lost in a past life. The options that are presented during the times int he game where you must take action, are relevant and properly introduced. For example, in the first chapter you come face to face with your first obstacle which is an avalanche. The options for dealing with this obstacle pertained to my character and I was immediately able to put my character attributes/skills to use. In my case, my character has the ability to communicate with animals, so my first instinct was to call upon nature to help me deal with this situation. I won't spoil the event with details but I must say, that the story preceding my choice was well thought out and very descriptive. Later on in the game, my new found animal companions made yet another appearance in a way that seemed like I had a symbiotic relationship with these digital creatures.The story is so compelling that it drives the player to move forward with playing just to get that next pinch of combat, intel or just to read one more page before having to call it a day.I will be playing this game on every lunchbreak I get during work this holiday season. I might even lose some weight from not eating all that fast food. This relationship could turn out to be a major gamechanger for how I view/critic future games.Overall, here are the ratings I came up with thus far:Graphics(during combat): 9/10Soundtrack: 10/10Combat: 9/10Visuals(in book): 10/10Story: 10/10Customization: 10/10Ai Challenge: 9/10Replayability: 10/10Buy it, play it, enjoy it, play it again. The story is NEVER the same."
76561198028122400,Recommended,279440,29836516,Posted: 10 February,all,Caradoon,"I recommend this game to Joe Dever/Lone Wolf fans, if you like me went through the book series.The soundtrack is a plus. I can listen to the classical piece during gameplay forever.Combat system can use some work though."
,Recommended,279440,13498944,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I thought this is something like Castlevania, but it's not. But it's not bad, I like the approach of ""write your own story"" it reminds me of some old textual RPGs, but with more graphical content. Fighting system is interesting, too. But, I am not sure this is a game for PC. Mobile devices are more suited for it, IMHO."
76561198036225572,Recommended,279440,13176850,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ObiNox,"The game definitly got the right feeling I remember from playing through the books. That's great! But it's way too unbalanced though - I mean youre not supposed to be forced to quit in act 2 just because game gets too hard even on easy setting. I meet Redfang with full stats and a well prepared belt. He stomps three times wich takes my health down to 25% and leaves me stunned. He finishes me off with a last blow - same thing every reload. Game over.And I still recommend the game? Yes if you got the money and want to get back that Lone Wolf feeling - otherwise it's reading an interactive novel with lots of fighting & some inventory management.That will do for now - back to the game to try another build of my hero..Well I tried a few more reloads, and alas, there Redfang finally didnt take me out in the first round and the rest was as easy as it should on easy. Great game with a diffrent approach and a must for Lone Wolf lovers of all ages"
76561198020199563,Recommended,279440,14858959,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Phil95,"Ah Lone Wolf, an old friend from my childhood. I missed him, or rather I missed immersing myself in the fantastical, gritty yet believeable world of Magnamund.I had doubts about purchasing the game but old loyalties won out. The fact that Joe Dever was involved sold it to me. I have not been completely disapointed.The game - mostly - plays as a choose your own adventure book that cleverly utilises it is running on a pc and does away with the ""turn to page X"" stuff. You manually turn the pages and this was fun for the first 30 minutes but soon got a bit old.The RPG element is solid and fully in keeping with the books, for example you choose your starting Kai skills, which help to give you different play throughs as new choices open up if you have the relevant discipline.The only real downside for me is the Quick Time Events. I am not the fastest gamer - preferring stategy/rpg games and I like a pause button if I play anything faster. I do find the battles hard as you have to make certain mouse actions/click on circles etc in order to make attacks and it is - to me - very fast paced and this takes something away from the game for me.All in all it is nice to spend time with my old pal Lone Wolf, the game does capture the atmosphere of the books, but I dont like the QTE."
,Not Recommended,279440,34716258,Posted: 3 September,all,dochogan,"I'll start by saying that the presentation, graphics and UI of this game are really top-notch. It really works (and is probably better) on PC. I also have the iOS version. I really liked the combat even though it's repetive with few different enemies. What really killed this game for me is the extremely weak and poorly written story. I'm a big fan of the Lone Wolf books. I own them all. This one just doesn't compare."
,Recommended,279440,14060018,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,roboczar,"This game is more than Lone Wolf fans could have asked for; and as far as I know this is a pretty unexpected gem for people who have read/played through as many of the books as I have. The setting is on-point and the sometimes-arbitrary difficulty is just the kind of thing that LW fans would expect; you will die. A lot. You'll have to start over sometimes, which can be frustrating to people new to LW but frankly is something that you just put up with in the books... the only real drawback being that with the books you could ""cheat"" and just go back to the last page before your mistake. This exists in the form of checkpoints, but if you really♥♥♥♥♥♥up your progression you will have to give up and start over, the end.Thumbs WAY up for this game; I am hoping this builds into a legitimate series."
76561197972530829,Recommended,279440,13851939,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,1CMF,"Surprisingly engaging, faithfully reintroducing the Lone Wolf style of choose your own adventure. This is the best mix of touch/tap mobile games and deep RPG. Choices are not always clear and I find myself remembering a time where I was holding fngers on the previous pages of choices where I could go back to If I died.This game is refreshingly simple and at the same time deep with action game play and fantasy RPG inventories, stats, and skill leveling. Great game, wish I found it sooner!"
76561197970818507,Recommended,279440,13489917,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jeff,"Fun game.  Good, detailed story done in a ""choose your own adventure"" style that leads into combat.   Fights are turn based, but on a timer and require actual strategy and planning to win."
76561198133796150,Recommended,279440,13207665,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,aylwin.s,"Bought the game to show my support to Joe Dever. Been reading his books since I was a kid.The game does capture the essence of the book series.Only bad thing is that somehow my pc are too low specs. Even at the lowest settings, my pc lags badly.And using a mouse to use the quick time actions is not easy."
,Not Recommended,279440,29266803,Posted: 14 January,all,Tiggum,"This game is really unintuitive to play and very bad at telling you what you're doing wrong. There's a lot of complexity right off the bat and it's very difficult to get a handle on what you're supposed to do. I feel like the combat system is this weird mix of turn-based and quick-reflexes, which is incredibly awkward and often leaves you feeling harassed and irritated. I didn't get very far into it, so I can't really comment on the plot or anything about later gameplay, but that's kind of the problem, it's just a difficult game to get into."
,Recommended,279440,18388801,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ZenoWolf,This game has convinced me that 90% of the money put into this was for the page turning physics.
76561198025743363,Not Recommended,279440,15970154,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,groolug,"I like to play games not read them. 20 minutes of reading story to 15 minutes of the same battle over and over because  your character isn't strong enough as its the very start of the game. The combat is slow and almost impossible to win. I understand turned based combat but the enemy can attack during your turn with no way to stop them. And you start fighting two enemies, almost win and then another enemy, stronger than the first two turns up and kills you in one hit. Not enough health potions which are a must if your can't block enemy attacks.Basically don't bother."
,Recommended,279440,14815898,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,✮ Get Schwifty ✮,Very beautiful artwork and an amazing storyline! Glad I purchased it. :D
,Recommended,279440,14876045,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Pyrocite,"Amazing, A wonderful story with an awesome RPG element, with Real Time Fights, quick time events and the choices are amazing although it would be nice if some coices backfired instead of most of them succeeding. 8.5/10-Solid Gameplay-Great Story-Dependant Choices-Great Graphics"
,Recommended,279440,13862107,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,endiemien,"It is more a interactive book than a normal RPG.But i enjoyed reading it.The Combat is really good if you play on hard difficulty.This Bookgame entertains for several hours.If you like reading fantasy, buy it ;)"
76561198139472692,Recommended,279440,14458085,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,a.machine.spiritual,"Not a bad game, but not a great game. The screenshots are very deceiving; they make it look like the game has an open world. Having said that, I did enjoy it enough to reccommend giving it a go if you don't mind reading. I will end this review by saying that I don't think the game is worth the price it is sold for, it should be under $10."
76561198055269636,Recommended,279440,22236874,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ron,"===== My Review refers to the Hard Difficulty =====I loved back in past Joe Dever's Lone Wolf Game Books a lot, but i think they were much better than this game.I had great expectations from this game but my fears were confirmed when i tried the fighting sections...About the lore and the story nothing to say, it's like the old Lone Wolf i remember, but the real pain happens when you meet an enemy.First thing, in the old books, when you was facing an enemy it was most often a 1 vs 1, while here, in the videogame, almost always is you vs 3 enemies together in a sort of Turn Based like (it's not 100% turn based but is very similar) fight, almost always ends up with you dead forced to restart the fight again and again till some luck not goes to your side, yes because the fights are totally random with the chances you get smashed hard at beginning or you can dodge the first attack, giving you more opportunities to survive.I  resisted for some chapters but more you go deep with the story more the difficulty increases and i did not find any special items that helped me to become much stronger than what i was at the beginning, so the combat system and toughness and number of the enemies make this game , at high levels, very very frustrating and nearly impossible to progress in some point.So my final vote is positive cause i was used to love Lone wolf when i was young and the fashion of the character still works also in this game, but sadly the combat system and the not balanced difficulty at Hard ruined the real fun for this game that could have been much better.Recommended to the old fans of the books only, most of them would probably be forced to play this game at lower difficulty.My Final Score is75/100"
,Not Recommended,279440,27142361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joelake,"This game is okay for a moblie port but for fans of Lone Wolf, this game may be a dissapointment. Wished this game had the scale of a full RPG game..."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,279440,23889453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Drax,"TLTR: I just don't like it.The game seems good at what it attempts to do. It brings combat scenarios filled with trash-mobs dominated by quick-time events. Secondly it provides a narrative for the combat scenarios.I was hopeful for the game because of the narrative and picked a character with a bunch of utility-abilities. Traits like survival, stealth, speaking with animals does provide options in the narrative, but at the end of the day our cowboy ends up walking down the middle of the same street he would have if he didn't spend time gathering intel and being stealthy, attracting the same combats.I don't like QTE and I don't like meaningless choices. I don't like this game."
,Not Recommended,279440,15012712,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,raixel,"So I have this game on both Android and PC. The PC version is a terrible port compared to the awesomeness of the mobile game. I actually bought it on mobile after buying the PC version because it looked so great, but on PC it isnt very fun. So I wanted to give it a second chance, and boy I'm glad I did. Its a *great* mobile game, one of my absolute favorite mobile games next to Tales of Illyria. PC, not so much (actually not at all)At least for me, the touchscreen events were almost impossible using a mouse, where on Android they are awesome. It seems that when ported, the devs did nothing to make the quicktime events more mouse friendly. Even on mobile you mess up on occasion, as there isnt much time to do the events. But what becomes fun on a touchscreen is just annoying on a mouse. They expect you to be able to do the same quick tap-drag-circle etc events with the exact same speed and accuracy  with a mouse on PC as with your finger or stylus on a tablet. In short, its frustratingly difficult and ruins the game.Yes, I recommend it on mobile, but a big NO for the PC. Oh, and did I mention its $12.99 on google play instead of $14.99? Get it there, don't waste your time with this terrible PC port."
76561197995437056,Not Recommended,279440,18459579,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,DaveH,"I lasted all of 20 minutes in this one, a good half of it setting up the initial character with choices I had no real idea what the game outcome would be. Then I find it's mainly a storybook, and once in a while you get dropped into an active screen dominated by quick-time events. I despise quick time, and it boggles my mind that anyone would combine ti with a storybook format. Take mediocre to *poor* writing, then couple it with tedious, reaction-based gameplay? The Steam description did not prepare me for this - it looks like your typical world-based RPG with some pictures of the interface screens, but heck, most of the game *is* the interface screens. Glad I got it on sale, but sorry I even spent that much."
,Recommended,279440,13298881,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,werefire16,"Love it, love everything about it."
,Recommended,279440,13307219,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Kingsley Go,"Great game, you won't regret buying this. Forge your path!"
,Not Recommended,279440,34683343,Posted: 2 September,all,Falchen,"Do you like quick time events? If you want to enjoy this you better, because almost every action both in and out of combat is done via some annoying quick time event."
,Recommended,279440,13128090,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tonkinese,An Amazing RPGFrom the story telling to the edge of the seat quick thought combat every moment is a thrill and a pleasure to play!One of the most suprising RPG's to be ou this time of year a truly original experience only ever done before with a book or a group of friends. A true Roleplayer's delight!Worth the price and if you are an RPG fan you will not want to miss this at all.
,Not Recommended,279440,22543574,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Newbie,"I'm a biggest fan of Joe Dever's game book. I grew up reading and playing with his books (Lone Wolf). But this game is hardly to play. Totally unacceptable, hardly to control. Tutorial also very nonsense. I regret purchase this and wish for refund!"
,Not Recommended,279440,17595037,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,XDVR,"The story is great - in the great tradition of classic game book romantic fantasy hokum, but you know what you're getting! The interface itself is beautiful, really nice and brilliant (although obviously a translation from a touch-screen/mobile device... don't be lazy, make it be PC specific!). The simple artwork animations do an amazing job of helping to invigorate the text and add to it. I cannot fault any of this - however amongst all this greatness there an utter and complete let down within the awful fighting mechanism.1) It feels like a JRPG - I know this is marmite, and I'm on the hate side of this. Does anyone actually like this rubbish mechanism? Anyone? You do? Why? Maybe you can expla... oh nostalgia... ok, so is there anything ACTUALLY good about it? No? Didn't think so... shall we all get over this nonsense and finally move on?2) They happen an awful lot and Lone Wolf seems completely ill-prepared and completely out-matched, it's a miracle he makes it through any battle. Also, so much randomness... again a fail-over over from JRPGs... at some point people will look back and go ""You know those Final Fantasy games came out at the same time as Planescape: Torment and Baldurs Gate and were immensely lame in comparison... why are we still copying them?"" Well... I don't know why anyone wanted to copy them instead of PT and BG in the first place, but who knows... maybe the dumbed down/random infuriating and thus dull reloading/restarting is for some people in the world that have nothing better to do. I however, want a game that has play-tested, balanced, and isn't JRPG. I'm sure even the patience of a Saint would be tried and have him throwing a controller around in frustration.3) All icons have cooldown on them... er... I have a cooldown on basic Attack/Defend? WHAT THE DICKINS?!?Who thought that was a good idea? Find them and give them a good slapping with a large wet fish.4) I have next to no endurance, and i'm completely useless without any of it... and it takes endurance to drink an edurance potion... er... ok... we'll chalk this one up on ""Dumb Ideas"".5) And the worse part of combat is the idiot waves his arm around often obscuring the ranged combat icon making it inaccessible. And when you can't always use basic icons over and over (cooldown - on the defend icon... duh) This kind of flaw is even more unforgivable.So, there's a great game here, that I would love to play, it would need the awful fighting mechanics to be ripped out and replaced with something less utterly appalling."
76561198154123269,Recommended,279440,19251472,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Fadi Bayzid,"One of the greatest turn based RPG , I enjoyed the battle system with the atmospheres that the game puts you in."
76561198038737758,Not Recommended,279440,19227746,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,wthomasogle2,This game is not at all what I expected.  The controls are difficult and cumbersome.  It is practically all text.  There is nothing but combat.
76561198121718704,Recommended,279440,25581747,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jabobomb,"Although i myself do not like this game, i can very clearly see it is a well made game and a decent experience. I dont really like to read books, ergo my predicament. However thumbs up cuz i can see it being a good game for most people and i do not want my single opinion on books ruin someones purchase."
,Recommended,279440,13907513,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,-=NIMH=-,"Are you kidding!!! this game is everything I Imagined whenI was growing up reading Lone wolf and Grey star the wizaed books, even if you know nothing of the books...This game brings it home! I have never played a game like it one of a kind! and countless of hours of replay value..choos your own adventure come to the screen! Dont think about it any more! Just buy it if you havent already!  Good lord this game is Bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,279440,16741494,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SuperPanda,Manly tears ... Moarrrrrrrr !!!!10/10 will purchase the sequels
,Recommended,279440,20278480,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,keybearer,"♥♥♥♥ yeah Lone Wolf! For Sommerlund & the Kai!Only qualm is the character progression/Kai disciplines, should've sticked to the originals."
,Recommended,279440,24803447,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ninjai,Fantastic Remake I love you whoever did this it's the best!  I def have more hours than it's saying what gives XD
76561198006994750,Recommended,279440,24375114,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Ezekiel,"Really great Game,pretty difficult but rewarding. A well made PC Game based on Joe Dever's Lone Wolf Playbooks."
76561198032287404,Not Recommended,279440,25844389,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,NathanEx420,"The original game books are available online for free, and don't suck,... this ""game"" is just terribly dissapointing. Not recommended."
,Recommended,279440,20981171,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cokomantis,"If you like choose your adventure games, you don't need to read this because you've already finished this game multiple times."
,Not Recommended,279440,13860154,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,damien,"a long time ago, i LOVED the gamebooks. reading it now is both wonderful AND frustrating. the decision to bundle chance events, skill use, combat and many other ""interractive"" segments into what are Quick Time Events is... aggravating. repeatedly clicking a mouse-button to fill up a lighted circle shouldn't be called gameplay, entertaining or challenging. it is?? annoying. in this case it is an impediment to enjoying what is a good story. the fact that much of my playtime here has now fallen into a rhythm of my reading and enjoying the book while at the same time dreading the next QTE that will make me wish for an .ini edit or timed macro is not a positive thing."
76561197987494077,Recommended,279440,15295598,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,richard,"A solid enjoyable game with excellent run length, with strong if slightly repetative combat.https://youtu.be/OaWVDI1MWXo"
76561198093596140,Not Recommended,279440,20219197,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Professor Ichthy,boring and turn based
,Recommended,279440,15871133,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Lonewolf147,Awesome game!
76561198194236550,Not Recommended,279440,16109977,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,wolfboob,Not worth the money I paid for it. I am unsatisfied with this port because there seems to be no difference between the graphics. I love the idea of the story but another combat style is really needed. If I can get this for free on the app store then why have it on my computer.
,Recommended,279440,13169486,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ranXerox,"Not your Typical RPG.  Excellent story, excellent music, easy on the eyes.  Can't Describe it!  IMO, better than most RPG's out there."
76561198059747429,Not Recommended,279440,30010899,Posted: 18 February,all,1337stephen,"This isn't really an RPG, it's a Choose Your Own Adventure novel with combat sequences."
76561198001362981,Not Recommended,279440,29094813,Posted: 7 January,all,squishface3,"This is easily the worst game I've played on steam.  I wish steam would call out games that have been ported from other operating systems that don't run steam - had I known this was a mobile port I'd have stayed away.  I'm a big fan of the Dever books - a point and click would be a perfect implementation for the lone wolf world.  Here, they decided to slap on a terribly executed ""battle mode"" that might make sense on a phone.  The ""deep combat system"" is the option to strong hit or quick hit.  Not much more to it than that.  If there was a way to remove that part of the game and just point & click the Dever story I'd say this is worth maybe $5 on sale, and possibly fun."
76561198018142259,Not Recommended,279440,15911057,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Lumino,"I love the Lone Wolf books.  I saw them for the first time when I was really young, and I was enthralled by the amazing world Joe Dever created.  With just one book, 'Flight from the Dark', I was hooked on the adventures of Lone Wolf, last of the Kai Lords, as he fought the Darklords of Helgedad and the forces of the god of darkness, Naar.Joe Dever does not disappoint with this game.  The writing, world building and feel of the story is a perfect match to the old CYOA books.  From the first moments of the game, you feel like you really are Lone Wolf, the last hope for Sommerlund.It's an absolute travesty that this fantastic writing is ruined by positively garbage game design.  All of the problems in this game revolve around combat which, incidentally, was one of the biggest stumbling points in the original book series.  In the book series, it was because Dever had to write around the player potentially having the Infinity +1 Sword (The Sommerswerd).  In this game, it is because the designers couldn't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to make a fighting system that relied on something other than RNG and confusion.The game has four chapters.  The first two, it is worth noting, are fantastic.  The combat is simple and to the point.  Enemies can hit decently hard, but you are well equipped to handle them and supplies are plentiful.  It isn't that the games design is better at this point, it is that the flaws are easier to overlook.  Combat will rarely be fatal, even if it takes a turn for the worse, and this keeps the player moving through the story, which is the real meat of the game.The final boss of the second chapter is where things start to get really rough.  The enemy will go first, deals massive damage, and has a chance to stun you.  If you are stunned in this opening salvo, you WILL die before getting a chance to act at all.  The chance of this happening isn't too high, but it is still there, and most players will see it at least once, if not more.From then on, the game pulls no punches, in the worst ways possible.  Random encounters are BOSS level mobs, which make it easier to just reload an old save then to deal with the pointless slugfest.  Enemy monsters are filled with 'Rapid Clicking QTEs', which seem to be used for almost everything in the game.  Early on, you'd take some damage or screw an attack up if you failed.  Now?  Dead if you mess it up.I got sick and tired of it and just installed an auto clicker.  And even with that, it only makes the combat slightly LESS unfair.  You WILL die, many times, to swarms of foes before you can possibly react.  100% to dead before you can do anything, even if you were defending.  Adding onto everything else, the enemy is not held to the same mechanical rules that the player is.Lone Wolf can act during his own 'phase'.  When his timer runs out, he cannot act for a bit, and then the cycle repeats.  The enemy has no such difficulty.  They can attack whenever they wish, your phase or not.  They can attack the millisecond your defenses drop (and often will) and hit with DoT effects that deal huge chunks of your health (similar DoTs are nearly scratch damage to them).The original books were about controlling conflict.  You weren't an army slaying warrior, so you were supposed to be clever about how you engaged in fights.  This game not only forgot that, but went the other way and puts you into bland, annoying and uninteresting combat CONSTANTLY.If you want a good story, I can recommend this game.  But I'd advise you to play Chapter 1 and 2 on Normal, then slam it down to Easy to just burn through the rest of the story without the BS.  There's no reason to give yourself a migrane over ""Difficulty by Frustration."""
76561198110233422,Not Recommended,279440,14076754,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Oddstar,"Why is this game described as having ""turn-based battles""?  If I need to make a decision as to what to do and then do it before a yellow bar runs out, and I cannot pause, then it's not turn-based.  Is that what they mean by ""dynamic""?  Meanwhile, the rest of the game captures all the dynamism of reading one of the gamebooks from the eighties.  I was quite disappointed."
76561198189346451,Recommended,279440,31764993,Posted: 15 May,all,Joker,Best CYOA/gamebook of all time!10/10
76561198055185897,Recommended,279440,33013765,Posted: 29 June,all,Kataklismik,Great game; very fun.
,Not Recommended,279440,13599125,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Idols and Anchors,"Didn't care much for the gameplay. If I wanted to play a phone game, I would be playing on my phone."
,Not Recommended,279440,15944208,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,GΔMΞVIXΞN,"This has great graphics an animations, but It looks like its played with a mouse and im use to a controller, nobody makes a game with a keyboard & mouse anymore unless it has a gamepad ( or xbox controller) compatibility built in to it. keyboard gaming for now is out. Mouse & keyboard hinders the game play experience. Todays game designs should always be built around a controller  and if its for a touch device it should say so."
,Not Recommended,279440,13244699,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Magna Ursa,"I really wanted to like this game, but ended up rather disappointed. I would also liked to have played more of it before forming an opinion, but that's just not in the cards. The combat system is acceptable. It's a bit weird to use, and the time mechanic is annoying rather than enriching, but it's workable. What isn't is that the controls bug out every 10 minuites or so. 4 times in less than 20 minutes, the game would suddenly stop interpreting my input as valid commands.Mouse stopped function, and keyboard stopped working even to access the main menu. This game is deffective; if I didn't know better, I would guess it was a poorly done console port. As it stands, I am very disappointed."
76561198110687404,Not Recommended,279440,13802465,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,rolanddeschain,"if you think of buying this dont be deceived by store page pictures- this is nothing like Witcherto say things already said before-first off its storybook mode. meaning you are going to read a lot which in fact is nice and refreshingbut the store page just dont show that. if anything the store implies something in the lines of witcherthis is nothing close.controls... now ok i might be some sort of butterfinger kid that cant hold his mouse right but the QTE's, namely the arrows you have to click and follow are simply not designed for mouse. touchscreen maybe so shield tablets and stuff might be good with thisbut mouse? no thanks.top that up with rather unforgiving combat and little to no tutorial of what you are expected to do and you face a problem of do or quit. two battles in game the game throws layercake battle at my character. cool beans, wish i had a touchscreen to do those QTE's"
76561198040139221,Not Recommended,279440,13228002,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,stratgan1,"Spent 5 hours getting to a certain point in the game only to be one-shotted by a boss each time I confront him. Re-started trying different options, same result. Did this 3 times. Cannot progress in the game because of this. Frustrating to say the least.The combat is always the same, very repetitive, the skills you pick don't make sense. I picked 6th sense, and yet I always get ambushed... go figure. This was not well implemented."
76561198076589455,Not Recommended,279440,13797138,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,therottinghandofdeath,this was a waste of 16 bucks
,Not Recommended,279440,13221630,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,falloutgod13,Garbage with weak narrative and horrible combat system. Utterly unplayeble unless you're a masochist or just like flinging your mouse around. The keyboard alternative isn't any better as it seems to stop working mid combat. Waste of money.
76561198014147932,Not Recommended,279440,13118946,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ragenz,"it is a hard game even on easy , and there is no easier button loot dosnt drop near enough at the start you think cool .. different but cool .. by the 3rd act you are liike what the ♥♥♥♥ i just got attacked 8 times in a row and havet found an hp potion in 5 maps ... good game if your into that frustration at enemy op'ness"
,Not Recommended,279440,13113572,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Empirical Animist,"Terribly written story, clunky combat, and really only written for a touch screen device.  A waste of $14.  I feel cheated."
,Recommended,279440,17263718,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Wordsmith,"Growing up, I was a very big fan of the actual books, so this is a really nice evolution of the genre. I am really not a fan of turn-based games and yet this one captured me and refused to let go."
76561197972186587,Recommended,279440,17096509,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cylux,How the Sommerswerd is handled in this game is far superior to the OP game-breaking antics it provided in the gamebooks.
76561198047681917,Recommended,279440,17607693,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ninja13x,The battle system is different and like it. Only one thing this game is hard like Dark Souls hard. You will die alot so get use to it.
76561197970572290,Recommended,279440,16679724,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jukken,"I liked it alot.Different, well written, fun fights.Recommanded."
76561198156952773,Recommended,279440,16709958,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,grumpypuff,This is a must play if you like story driven gameplay and choice and consequence definately nice seeing the hero from the books return in a game of epic adventure. >:3 just remember like the old days you cant peek ahead with your finger on a page and flip back if you dont like what happens. definately would reccomend to fans of choose your own adventure and turn based combat.
76561198049384357,Recommended,279440,15454374,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Pulcherada,"Good game, perfectly reproducing the typical ""LibroGame"" mood of Joe Dever's ""Lone Wolf"" series.Of course, reading pages and pages instead of acting can be fun, but won't make an outstanding game, even if combat scenes are well paced and very good. Next step should be a ""full graphics"" game, something alongside gothic 3, oblivion, or Witcher."
,Recommended,279440,16176869,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,neoshinji14,Really amazing and totally addicting. Once you start playing you just can't stop.
,Recommended,279440,16271965,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Nico nicotine,i bought this game to play not learn to read. only good thing about this game is the fact that it helped me learn to read. A+/10
76561197994703250,Recommended,279440,16072002,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,rastilin,"The heavy use of the RNG can get a bit annoying, but that really captures the feel of the original books, which needed not only luck but foresight into the future if you wanted to do well. Otherwise it's an excellent series, hopefully they will make more of these."
,Recommended,279440,15941228,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,dpvhWYnpIwNT8BPQAOc9,"This game does the adventure book style of games very well, the writing is original and well done. I didn't think there would be a lot of content consideing the game is based on books, however it managed to entertain me with a 20 hour play through and a story that spans over many maps. As could be seen in the game's trailers, it mixes in turn based combat scenes and some event-driving mini games such as the lock picking  to enrich the experience beyond simply reading a book and making choices, which I think is a nice touch and makes the game more interesting and playable. The music is subtle, which doesn't seem like an important thing at first, but having played some other game-book inspired games with blaring music that just serves to distract me from my reading, it is important to have a good appropriate score to play to your game..It's an rpg which follows the typical strength-agility-intelligence attribute archetypes which each has a use in several aspects of the game, however it doesn't fix you to the predictable and boring stereotypes you often see associated to each.  (such as, intelligence typically being an attribute reserved for wizards who only do things such as cast spells and be wise, etc.) Rather, your chosen attribute gives you a headstart for making choices of that type easier to be successful, your choices increase your attribute scores when it comes to levelling up, giving the gamer much more freedom to play how they like in my opinion. The combat is ok, it is turn based and made interesting with qte-type events to determine some dodges and hits.I thotoughly enjoyed this game and would recommend it to anybody who is interested in a story and making choices with consequences."
76561198017241275,Recommended,279440,13729863,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lonewolf,"As someone who thoroughly enjoyed the book series I was excited to play this when I first heard of it. Having completed the playthough I found myself captured to the end and await a sequal.There is alot of parts to the game I found very enjoyable and not much I could point out for improvement, the game is a solid effort and well rounded. I really enjoyed both the combat and non-combat sections of the game and found it to be rather challenging, so felt rewarded when I had successes throughout the game.Story: The story of the game was done well much like the books were, I think it was a good implementation. Even where mistakes were made (I fell foul of a trap in the game after i thought i had overcome it...was cursing myself afterwards too haha), I was glad to see that it was indeed possible to make a story choice that would cost you your life in the game. Also reflecting on the game there were story choices that had both obvious outcomes and not so obvious outcomes which i thought was good, though personal preference would have me request more of the latter.Combat: As for combat... NAILED IT. I loved everything about the combat in the game. The combat mechanics were solid, i especially liked the fact you could overexert yourself at the expense of your own wellbeing.Some games allow you to adopt a fairly static playstyle, I usually find myself never really needing to use consumables... in this however they were very much a requirement, I actually found myself stocking up on poison arrows or throwing blades... I found myself throwing down stunpowder just to give myself some breathing room in some of the fights... I also found myself NOT doing area attacks in some situations because i didn't want to break the mindblast i did on an that Drakkarim... or chugging down a... stamina potion... just so I could disarm that vordak.I must say i never felt so relieved as when I took down 2 of those accursed things and a gourgaz that attacked me at once... that was a tough fight and I had to laugh when the giak came after the 3 of them fell and tried to be all tough.Actually if i had one criticism about the combat scenes... at the end of them there needs more variation in the post combat animations... usually he's just standing there with his 2 weapons (i ran with 2 axes or sword+axe) and kinda looked like a try hard.Bugs: - I didn't encounter a single bug... across the whole game...Audio: Sound track i found thematic and made good ambience, the sound effects from the fight scenes themselves were satisfying and not overdone or underdone, maybe some more variation in the enemy roars at the start of a fight scene would have topped it off. Instead of every enemy roaring, having curses, insults, shrieks, to mix it up a little would have staved off the little bit of repetiveness i noticed here. Same with grunts and shouts when executing attacks.Graphics: The graphics/Art tied in well to the feeling of the game i think that was trying to be achieved. The enemies all looked amazing, the last enemy of the game looked a bit cartoony i felt compared to the rest of the game(especially his death scene), but he was the pimped out big bad evil guy with ancient artifacts, so i get it.Overall if you ever read the books, you will probably enjoy this game as it's got the same feel (I found it slightly more casual than the books truth be told, but minor point).If you're new to the Lone wolf world then you will find this game refreshingly different to other RPG's, If you like challenges then i suspect you will like this game, as your choices do matter and affect your game experience with both positive and negative outcomes for the actions you take."
,Recommended,279440,16216384,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Aliandris,"I absolutely recommend this game.I'm not finished yet, but the story so far has been quite good.  The way it changes based on your chosen powers and playstyle is very nice.The combat is really fun; I enjoy the crisp graphics and the interesting system.  Some of it is QTE style stuff, but I've never minded that kind of thing.  If it bothers you it might be a problem, but it's not over-whelming.Overall this has been a brisk, entertaining jaunt and I'm eager to keep playing."
76561198148068293,Recommended,279440,16255747,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,xinri,"First play on normal. It was fun. Use a lot of potion, kai power and all this thing.Second play on easy, no need potion and kai power at the beginning and play just for the story (and the different path that you can take XD)Unfortunately, the decisions that you make, don't really affect the game (or slightly and i won't spoil).So i enjoy this game a lot (i am a fan of these kind of game book game). I hope there will be other kind of this game in PC ;)"
76561198073701637,Recommended,279440,16260433,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Plocnog,A story driven game where you take the role of a man avenging his people.The content of the game comes mostly by text as you write your history. However the combat is graphic and engaging.Not a game i felt compelled to play for more than an hour at a time but it is fun to play. As long as you don't expect it to be full of action and testosterone you might like to play it.
76561198062687298,Recommended,279440,15221230,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Assassin,"Leandra do what she want.PROS:+Story is pretty straightforward, but good.+Combat is engaging and some fights require you to think on your feet+There are many choices to make: good, bad, and neutral+Boss fights are challenging+Interactive novel game-style is well made+Music is soothing and appropriate for the styleCONS:-Difficulty settings are night and day from each other.  Hard is incredibly hard, normal is the sweet spot, and easy is too easy-Replay value is limited-Not the turn based combat I was expecting (Initiative/JRPG).  The combat is more “turn timer” based.-Some of my achievements are still bugged despite the 3/4/2015 fix.  Had a couple not pop until the second time completing them and I have a few that don’t show up in the achievements description list so I’m not sure what they even are.-Some of the monster combat mechanics are unbalanced (looking at you Vordaks)."
,Recommended,279440,15441481,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Aemelius,One of the best games on Steam! Great integration of story telling and RPG elements! Combat style is creative and mixes RPG with point and click quick events! Awesome!
,Recommended,279440,15512951,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DR@K3 ENDYR05,"Okay, this game was not quite what I was expecting, but it's still very well done! It's a more calm, slow paced, almost role playing game. Everything you do has a consequence, and you have to be careful to read everything, or you may miss some small, important fact. This game isn't for everyone, not by a long shot, but for those who have the patience, it tells a beautiful story that is equal parts fun and interactive. I would recomend it, with out a doubt."
,Recommended,279440,15921103,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Domiscus,"Have you ever read a fighting fantasy book? Or a ""create your own adventure"" book? This game is literally a fighting fantasy book come alive. I highly recommend it if you are really into RPGs. Probably not for young children or those with short attention spans, this game will take hours.It has great story telling ability with a small amount of puzzle elements with a dash of combat left and right. Every choice you make affects your stat leveling, and impact for the rest of the game. Check it out!"
76561198145570894,Recommended,279440,15905481,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Faronne,"Simply awesome. Good story, great character customisation, and marvellous soundtrack. Only 2 hours in, and I am hooked."
76561198056656806,Recommended,279440,15906502,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,pocket_aphrodite,When I first encountered this game it was in the apple store... I love that you can summon a wolf to fight for you. Sadly  the app  kept crashing my Ipad Mini and I had to uninstall it. When I saw it in the steam store I was like omg !!! Umm.. it plays  like one of those choose your own adventure books mixed with an rpg. The only thing I don't like is you literally have half a second to decide what to do...then again having to make snap decisions like that enables you to play as a character who is more like yourself...
76561198027221726,Recommended,279440,13487525,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,xaagon,"I recommend this, but I am biased as I've been a fan of the Lone Wolf gamebooks for the last 30 years.The game plays much like the game books.  Actually, you are basically reading the game.  It is presented as in a very old book, with pictures that move (similar to the pictures in the Harry Potter movies).  You will make decisions every few pages and it affects how your story is written.  At times, the game leaves the book and goes into more of a 3rd person view.  There is combat that is sort of turn based but not entirely - you have a limited amount of time and energy to do things on your ""turn"", but your opponents won't just be standing there the entire time.  When it's not your ""turn"" you are either defending or just standing there exhausted if you didn't save any energy after doing your attacks.  (Sorry if I've done a poor job explaining this - you may have to see it to understand.)  Outside of combat, there are other actions that require you to quickly follow arrows on the screen with your mouse to be successful.  You will improve your skills and acquire items that will help you in your mission.So for those of you familiar with the gamebooks, this is like one of those, with mini-games replacing the ""select a random number"" element.If you're looking for the next Skyrim, this may not be for you.  If you're a life-long Joe Dever fan then you should buy this immediately without any further thought whatsoever.  For all others I suggest watching a few minutes of game play on youtube to decide if this is something that you would like."
,Recommended,279440,13726699,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,zwei,"As a fan of this Saga this was a Must buy for me  but i was a bit sceptical about it thx too Orginaly being a Mobile game,,But afther Playing it i found it quite to My  Liking as a Nice Turn based RPG whear your actions will efect the flow of the story Not as many as you Would want but still Quite nice ,,,,The game will Offer challanges on easy from the weary start and even More so If you Chose to play on hard  and you will get about 20+ouers of game play from this game  ofc including farming for equipment and sutch ... will recomend it too rpg fans and a must to Lovers of the Orginal story   (But dont Mistake it for what it is it's a story based Turn RPG)Pro:Well designed interface and good graphicgood  strategic and  combat systemFighting styles are CustomizableLevel Up based on your choiceThe game will offer you a Challange and wont be too easyCon:Not so many paths like the booksSixth Sense will make the game Mutch Easyerfor ppl expecting a Free Roming RPG  Might not me for you  if you Dislike story based RPG whit Turn System Chek the game out on You Tube if your Unsure if it's something for you,,,Sorry for my english my spelling is quite bad..."
,Recommended,279440,13398769,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Snowz,"Best summarized as a choose your own adventure book, with quick time event combat.The game plays like reading a book, quite literally. You turn pages and read. Choices can be made, and those choices are determined by what skills you have. Picked agility? You can climb to the hole in the roof and peek inside. Got brute strength? Smash the door down and charge in. That kind of choice.The combat is kind of turn based, where you have a bar that expires slowly, and you can do more than one thing per turn at the cost of the bar going down. You select what enemy to attack, you select what weapon you will use, then select what attack to do with that weapon. After selecting what you want, you will perform that action, with mouse based quick-time-events, via dragging or clicking in time with the prompts.Thoughout the story, depending on choices made you have to solve puzzles or pick locks.Once you read a page, you can open your inventory, check stats, skills, map etc.I recommend this game, but with caution. Like, they advertise lock picking in the game description, as if it's some fancy feature, when it's basically just skyrims way of doing it. To me that was a warning sign, but don't let things like that deter you from buying the game.It's entertaining and i'm enjoying it, although i didn't expect it to be 90% reading when I bought the game.Also an annoying con, transitions take too much time. I click on something and gotta wait way to long for something to happen. I want to go to the inventory? Gotta wait for all that fading and animations to finish."
,Recommended,279440,21751701,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jala-chan,"A cross between a QTE-driven adventure game and a visual novel, this game has a fun story that holds true to the source material, a nice mix of narrative and action, and a great sense of empowerment as your character develops. The soundtrack is wonderful and the level of complexity is greater than your average visual novel or adventure game but not so detailed as to bog down play. It certainly has a high replay value in my mind given the branching paths and flexibility allowing you to solve problems by a variety of means depending on how you have built your character. A definite recommend for anyone who enjoys games such as Sorcery! or Telltale narrative-based titles."
76561198039658406,Recommended,279440,20368492,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,deadrurouni,"Just completed the game and I would say I thoroughly enjoyed it. (maybe I've been playing too many JRPGs, but was hoping for some post-game material or something like a new game + haha XD) I usually don't play games every waking moment unless they really engage me, but this managed to do that. I've been a huge fan of the Lone Wolf gamebook series that I started reading in primary school.To be objective though, it only started to feel fun after enduring insane frustration at the start with the QTE, combat style etc. After I got past that, it was just pure bliss and Lone Wolf just felt, well, Lone Wolf (i.e. like a boss).Btw, I want to stress that being a fan who has all the books does not automatically make me biased in the game's favor. I've got to admit that when I saw this game I was like ""awesome!"", but then again, when I tried playing this on my phone when it first came out and couldn't get the hang of it I was like ""heck this!"" and I gave up on it. Well, basically, my point is, the fact that I'm a huge fan of the series also means that I can be excessively unforgiving.Just a note if anyone's interested to know:I played through this game on normal and paid no attentions to builds (meaning I made decisions based on my own personality). Disciplines were sixth sense, mind over matter, weaponskill, healing, and my preferred style is sword dual- wielding (life started getting a lot easier after I switched to this style)."
,Recommended,279440,20539172,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Sussi,"I find it a rather delightfull game, a bit cumbersome before you get the hang of it. Storybook so it is not great graphics all the time, i found the story good, and the game itself tend to grows on you..."
76561197991577951,Recommended,279440,20005440,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[255]ThePhiphi,"Take a ""choose your own adventure"" book, add self-writing pages and dynamic fights and here we are! It's still a little slow, and fights are full of QTEs, which is a little illogical, considering you're supposed to read and depend on your choices and luck... But it's still a good little game!"
76561198032784487,Recommended,279440,20022385,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,zeosnip,"Spend many hours as Lone Wolf with a pencil and a reproduction of the character sheets from the book a couple of decades ago.Not exactly what I was expecting but this game is perfect.This is the perfect next step. Yes the combat system is a bit tricky but it's an awesome evolution from an RPG Book into a computer game. It feels like the old books did but with some digital bonus on top.If you grew up with the books, buy this game, right now, it's worth it.Thank you Joe Dever and the dev team, a definite Masterpiece."
,Recommended,279440,20123561,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ArchChaos,okay just one more page....just one more...one more...oh sh*t strong enemies... (forgot need to stop playing)continue reading...10/10 going to repeat this order a lot
76561197975022151,Recommended,279440,19896368,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lonewolf,"OMG!!!!!!  This series of books was where I got my namesake, but most people think it's because I'm a ""lone wolf"".  Little do these peasants know that a great series of books from the 80's I started reading when I was about 7 years old is where I got my name!  And now, a game!  I wouldn't care if my review was the only good review, I'm such a Lone Wolf junkie I just had to have this game!     10/10 before I even started playing"
,Recommended,279440,26920863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marcone Antelius,"Its rare to find a game where it feels like your choices actually matter, be they immediate or at some point along the line. Lone Wolf is one of those games. Even after playing through the first chapter on my phone, I chose one thing differently on the PC version and that made a difference in the gameplay and story. However, the overall game relies heavily on the replay value to keep the player interested, it IS the same few pathways only adjusted to suit whichever character powers the player has chosen. In spite of that its very definitely worth playing through at least twice by choosing different pathways."
76561198117136615,Recommended,279440,15200022,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,deancoun,Excellent  and  amazing  game  from  a  mythic  LONE  WOLF  serie   of  the  Gamebooks!
76561197986118370,Recommended,279440,24155445,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ring of Zen,"I must first declare that the Lone Wolf game books were my one of my fondest childhood pastime.   For this modern remake, the narrative by Joe Dever is much darker compared to the original books but still good storytelling. The illustration and art is impressive too but for me Gary Chalk's work will always define how I see Magnamund.Being a port from a handheld game, the combat mechanics is simple and the fights and enemy variety gets repetitive. The plot is pretty linear and progress is mostly combat rather than plot driven. Nostalgia certainly have biased my review but I am giving it a thumbs up and hoping for sequels. (I sure hope someone would take up the mantle of the late Mr Dever and continue his legacy). Those who are unfamiliar with Lone Wolf may not agree."
76561198116000643,Recommended,279440,31332204,Posted: 23 April,all,Wolfblade,"So i bought this game on a whim thinking that it would be a game that i would play and forget about in a short amount of time, oh how wrong i was. I had never heard of the Lone Wolf adventure stiry before so this game opened up my mind to a whole new world. Having just beaten the game, i will  list what i beleve are the pros and cons of the game for me.Some replayability.Pros:Great Story where your choices do matter.Great Turn-based combat system where your choices right befoer combat can either be advantageous or disadvantageous to you.Creative writing that draws you into the character.Variety of enemies that are unique in their own aspect.QTE's add a bit of a challenge to the game.There are physics for turning the pages, awesome touch to the game that adds character to the game.Intro and outro cutscenes to battle go from story book to animated and vice versa which is just awesome and is exactly how i would imagine characters from a book coming to life.If you are having trouble with the shianti puzles, you can take the health damage and just continue on with your day.Now for the Cons:While the enemies are unique, combat gets boring after awhile if you have to grind (which you do on hard)The Shianti puzzles are an interesting aspect, but are extremely difficult to solve. Also wish there was some more consequences to failing the puzzles other than just health loss, i felt like i was cheating just taking the hp damage at times with no other repercusions.The inventory and crafting system are a little awkward at times.I felt like while upgrading armor and weapons helped a little bit, i would have liked for a more noticable difference between leather Kai armour and Kai plate armour.Overall, i give this game a 9/10 and it has easily made it's way onto my top 10. I for one am going to go look into the rest of the Lone Wolf stories after this.For the Sommerlund and the Kai!"
76561198173241122,Recommended,279440,31492876,Posted: 1 May,all,Sir Hectorio,"I stumbled over this game in a sale and I am absolutely content to have bought and played it.It is kind of a different RPG, which lives through the written narative which unfolds as you play the game.You cant chose a character, you play as the last Kai-Lord (a worshipper of the God Kai, who has bestowed great (magical) powers to his followers) that is left after their monastry has been overrun. Which powers you have you determine in the beginning of the game, there are good tutorials on the character creation so I wont refer to it any further. You have a powerful sword, the Sommerswerd, that is capable of dealing great damage to your foes. Those powers are needed, because you will meet powerful foes aswell and tactic and timing play a good part in fighting.While the main story is written and holds at points where you can make choices to use certain abilities or the way the next fight will take place, your choices have consequences, resulting in advantage or disadvantage, victory or death.Graphics, animated graphics or will loosen up the story. You can navigate to different places on the map, though you dont have much choices, since the story follows a more or less linear story, and you cant go back: the story is devided in 4 acts and you only can move to places you have been before in the same act.Fighting itself is divided in turns according to a fading energy-meter which has to refill to be able to act again. You can chose to use the sommerswerd, sword and shield (or any other weapon you chose), throwing missiles or magic skills which also have a cooldown timer until your action-energy has run out. Again your choices matter in the fight. The fight takes places in an animated 3D fight. Your skills grow in power with more freequent use (and unlock an additional effect).As it seems it is a remake of some gaming series that I didnt know. Although unfamiliar with that background-story, the good storytelling dragged me into the lore and the story. By chance I took a good set of skills (i liked healing, mind over matter, animal kinship and sixth sense, which really can prove helpful in some tasks), and played through the main story in 14-15 hours on a normal difficulty (which proves good to get to know the game-style)Although the story is linear, so there is no great open world, no characters to chose, repeated fighting (once you have your set of skills) and especially a repeating and narrow sound track, I really liked the story and the way it was realized in the game. Having meaningful choices, influencing the gameplay and sometimes the story, resolving minigames and especially finding the right fighting tactics was fun to me and absolutely outweigh the negative points.I really can recommend this games for players that like to dive into a narrative, that like language and reading and solving problems and that are interested in playing a different kind of RPG."
76561198098038197,Recommended,279440,34703702,Posted: 2 September,all,MuadDib80,"As a kid, I read the books by Joe Denver. As an adult, I love the fact that I can relive my childhood memories of the Lone Wolf Books. I want to thank everyone that worked on this project. The story is rich just like I remember it being. The graphics are eye catching and outstanding. The combat system is the only thing that I would say is not quite right. You have the same basic combat moves all the time. I wish that there were more to do but it a very good system that you have.I would tell everyone that has ever wanted to know what a chose your own adventure books can become to pick this game up and learn what it is to be a child again!"
76561198079754207,Not Recommended,279440,35165974,Posted: 23 September,all,fusion_energy,"I am a big fan of Lone Wolf, I read the novels since I was a kid.  Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game.  The main problem is the combat and the actions.  The controls are bad, very bad.  During the combat you have to ""click with the mouse"" and follow some arrows to perform better attack.  This doesn't work most of the time, even if you do it correctly. The best option is to use the keyboard but unfortunately some actions remain a mistery in this case (how to interact with the collapsing ring with the keybord?  The system doesn't tell you).  The first combat are also totally overpowered, I had to repeat the second many times to do it correctly.   Sorry Lone Wolf."
