user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198096426378,Not Recommended,279900,23675911,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jordipg,"For a small studio, this game has excellent graphic and sound design, and a decent, if somewhat stale, sci-fi plot.However, the game falls completely flat in the realm of puzzle design.  All of the puzzles fall somewhere on a spectrum between trivial and simple.  Some puzzles require a bit of thought only because it's often not clear what you're supposed to do.  In many cases, the puzzles are arbitrary non-sequitors having nothing to do with the narrative.  The game contains the worst kind of timing puzzles -- frustrating and lots of waiting for things to reset, coupled with clunky controls.  This game wants to be challenging and fun in the same way as Portal or Talos but misses the mark widely.Also, you cannot save in the middle of levels, which just seems barbaric in the year 2016.I'm so bored with the puzzles that I'm quitting at around the halfway point and won't finish.  In spite of the excellent production effort, I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,279900,22227718,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,CyberShadow,"Plays like a bad dream.Gameplay:- Nearly everything is extremely dark. (Clever cost-cutting technique?)- Cheap jump scares. For some reason, I expected no more jump scares after Master Reboot.- Repetitive. Too many airducts. Dull, obvious puzzles. (At least in the beginning.) Long stretches of nothing.- Not-so-fun action bits, such as: avoiding spotlights, running around a dark room full of randomly-moving killer robots with spotlights.- Unlikable characters.Overall I found it to be a dull and unpleasant experience. Won't be finishing this game.Technical issues:- The game was unplayable for many Linux users with NVIDIA GPUs due to a bug in the game's use of the bloom effect. The bug has been reported during early access. It was ""patched"" (by adding a bloom toggle) one month after leaving early access.- Even at lowest setting, still has abysmal performance on Linux (uplayable in 4K, stutters randomly at 1080p). The VSync option has no effect, thus screen tearing is unavoidable."
,Recommended,279900,12987364,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"So I don't know how long is the Early Access version for Soul Axiom, but going to talk about the one and a half hours of play time that I've spent in it.First off the graphics, art direction, and atmosphere is nice, with the little bit of story i understood is presented nicely with good voice acting, and with text i actually had an interest to read so that's good, not many games make me do that.The puzzles from the start to the end of my play session are nicely made, with mechanics of changing the state of objects and move them using different 'hand' types, the first one being able to solidify objects to make a platform for example, or make them hollow for you to walk through, the second one is 'rewind' or 'play' an object like making a wall disappear, or making stairs appear. Those to mechanics are fun to use honestly, and hopefully there's more to play around with too.My problem with it now is some of it's levels feel too empty, maybe add more effects or..a crack? i don't, just anything to make it feel not like a grey box level. Second problem is I hope that some of the objects in the world have a better outline for you to use your ability on while 'not looking at it' , which makes it more convenient and saving time. Lastly there's sometimes no way of telling if I'm done with a level or not, making me confused as to where should i go next.Overall I like the game and the direction it's heading in, just a few tweaks with the visuals and pointers to make the player experience through the game more smooth and less confusing, and in it's current state there isn't much bugs and the game runs like a charm for me, so get it if you want, if you like these types of puzzle adventure games.Shamelesslinkto original post"
76561198063791958,Not Recommended,279900,17730204,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MisterDaviso,"EDIT: I am updating my review having played more of the game, but I keep a similar stanceThis game does have a very nice aesthetic to it, with the art style and the story. It feels very much in the spirit of its predecessor, Master Reboot, which I cannot recommend enough. This game, however falls very fllat in its gameplay however, which frustrated me enough to not finish it.GOOD: Story and VisualThough I have yet to complete the story, I was very compelled by what I was able to find, and the tron-like visuals and technology were beautiful while the overtones of darkness and horror kept a very consistent tone for the game. All these aspects are what made me love Master Reboot, and you will find plenty of that in this game.BAD: Gameplay.The powers you obtain are very much akin to quick-time events; arbitrary actions you must take to progress the game with no real freedom about how you go about doing them. What's worse is that these powers are the basis for many if not most of the puzzles in this game.Probably the most frustrating thing were all the other puzzles that didn't require powers, because after being trained to look for (often faint) blue, green and orange glows (basically use X power here), the game will throw in a puzzle that doesn't require them, stumping you until you realize it wants you to do something completely new. These puzzles might have actually been fun, but too often it's like playing Portal then being given a puzzle that doesn't require a portal.Part of what I liked about Master Reboot was it's simplicity. There may not have been any flashy powers, but it was consistent in the gameplay and allowed you to focus on the story and the visuals.VERDICT:While I loved the story and aesthetics to this game, I could not get past the gameplay. If bad gameplay doesn't bother you, then sure, get this game. But if you require good gameplay to stay invested, I would recommend not. Either way though, I highly recommend Master Reboot."
,Recommended,279900,12993210,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,agentc0re,"As a big fan of Master Reboot I was and still am really excited about Soul Axiom.  Only the first ""level"" is open, at the time writing this review.I've really enjoyed the atmosphere so far.  It's very reminisent of Master Reboot but with a bit of an upgrade.  There are some areas that are too dark and others too bright.  But this is still early development, and I understand that.  The controls are extremely sensitive for me.  Sometimes i found it very difficult to move around without the worry of jumping right the hell off.  :DThe two different types of powers you get are really neat.  I'm excited to see how far they really take it as it has GREAT potential.  I wish for better hitboxes on identifying these items though as I found it to be quite difficult to hit certain objects some times or to even find them. Maybe make the GLOW a bit brighter and more obvious?The biggest gripe i have with the game so far is you have to QUIT the game in order to go to your settings.  This made it really difficult to adjust my controller sensitivity.If you're interested in watching a Lets Play, I started mine here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzWVFY2NBd8Good for tips/tricks if you're lost and can't figure something out."
76561198175036921,Recommended,279900,21620909,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,leventserdar,"Soul Axiom (you heard that in math class, right?) is, as it's officially stated, the spiritual successor of Master Reboot, like the connection between Bioshock Infinite and the ones before the masterpiece. Master Reboot became one of my favorite games mainly because it was a good example of a successfull execution of a creative idea presented as a videogame with artistic value. Soul Axiom borrows everything that is worthy in Master Reboot and makes them better.The story is loosely tied to Master Reboot and any issue of interest required from that plot is integrated into Soul Axiom's storyline. While the main story is told piece by piece in cutscenes at the end of every memory (memory=level), the theme and the plot is largely explained through collectibles, in the form of toy monkeys called PEMOs, like ducks inMaster Reboot. Pretty much like every other video game which contains collectible items, you sometimes forget about whatever it is you're doing and start to look for them so that you don't miss any critical part of the story. Unfortunately that has become an unwritten rule nobody seems to guestion (an axiom?) in modern video game design and since I can'treally think of a better alternative, I'm not complaining, and to be honest the ""hunting"" process in Soul Axiom is a lot less tiresome than it is in similar games.New with Soul Axiom, now the protagonist has several powers which increases the amount of interaction and variety of puzzles. Together with the length (more than twice Master Reboot) and diversity of the story and the abandoned horror elements, this new feature makes Soul Axiom an all-around adventure experience.Beacuse the game takes place in some kind of virtual reality, the emphasis on graphical design is artistic rather than realistic. Soul Axiom has overall nice graphics, but from a subjective point of view, the game looks great. Especially the DoF effect really enhances the unreal and abstract atmosphere. The cutscene videos are a new addition to the seriesand although, being an older adventure gamer, I enjoyed watching them, I must say the level of quality was lower than the rest of the game. There are also a few non-game-breaking technical issues (like dysfunctioning AA options) right now which will probably be resolved in the near future.There are many other games promising to provide unique psychological/philosophical experiences and almost all of them fall short. Soul Axiom is a great game that does everything it's supposed to do without going too deep (something I wouldn't mind if it did) and manages to keep you interested throughout the 20 hours you spend on this work of art. If you like adventure games in general you absolutely have to play this game. Starting with Master Reboot is recommended."
,Recommended,279900,21558055,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ebu,"Soul Axiom is must for Reboot fans.Behind the really peaceful atmosphere lurks a dark, creepy presence. This game caught my eye when I saw it on Steam the first time master Reboot was out. The trailer showed an interesting set-up, people being able to upload their memories to a digital database called the Soul Cloud where they could be relived and eventually lived in when that person dies. Then I saw something, a scary presence shown in the trailer. It was enough for me to buy the game, and I must say, great time playing it.While the controls are a bit finicky at times, I easily overlooked them for an interesting story and a unique game.-Overall an 8/10My Novice Gameplayhttps://youtu.be/i7FhnKxMSq0"
76561198060248472,Recommended,279900,23190882,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,cmallender,"This is a great game. The story is cryptic and interesting, and gameplay is fun if slightly repetitive. Puzzle difficulty varies from absurdly easy to reasonably difficult, but is almost always entertaining. The gameplay can be a bit buggy, but it is usually not a problem. The graphics, while not stellar, don't really detract from immersion or enjoyment. Great ambience and music to create a spooky feel.10/10"
,Recommended,279900,13284629,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,ScottishGeek Plays,"So far so good on this amazing title, I would highly reccomend this game to those of you who enjoy adventure puzzle games. The game while still in early access is very playable and the team at Wales Interactive have surpassed themse;ves.Get it while you can and enjoy"
,Recommended,279900,21612161,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,King Cow Nat,"If you liked Master Reboot, you'll love this game. Although I'm not very far in, I can already tell it will be worth it. However, from the time I've spent playing, I can only see minor differences between this game and Master Reboot.It has the same base for the storyline (upload your mind to live on after you die).It almost feels like a sequel to Master Reboot than a stand-alone game. However, it still has that good old Master Reboot feel and graphics and is definitely worth a buy.Note: All of the above was written with 0.5 hours game time. Any change in opinion later on in the game will be added on underneath this note."
,Recommended,279900,22924084,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Holly King,"Pretty competent puzzle game, scratches that Myst itch.  Found a lot of ideas derivative of BioShock and other games, including story beats, but lots of inventive uses of game mechanics."
76561197970666699,Recommended,279900,15304889,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Maxxus,"If you liked Master reboot, you'll enjoy Soul Axiom as well. It's a puzzle solving game. The game has held my interest as I complete each level and makes me want to get into the next levels to see what they are.  I've always enjoyed a well done single player gasme and this one fits the bill. I like the visuals in all the different levels and the puzzles are not too frustrating.  In my opinoin, a great game over all. Wales Interactive got my attention with Master Reboot and now Soul axiom. I look forward to what they have coming out next. I would also like to thank Ben at Wales Interactive for being good enough to answer my inquireies concerning the game. Great game and good customer service."
,Recommended,279900,15058026,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Hero,"I've played this game for a bit and I can say that it will be a great game once they fully update it. The atmosphere in this is very minimal and that is exactly what they need. Every level they create gives you a great new puzzle to unfold and in that puzzle a story. It will unfold as you play through it giving you ample time to understand where the story comes from. It does not give you easy answers at all. You will have to learn how it works and begin to connect the dots. This game is incredible good for the price it is at. I want to see how this game will grow in the future, but for now I will give this game a 9/10. As each story is still very hard to understand."
,Recommended,279900,13032879,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Micha,"Brilliant game, this is my surprise hit of the year! It's basically a cyberpunk bioshock with cool, non-repetitive puzzles instead of the fighting. Simply love the style and exploration focus."
,Not Recommended,279900,26352418,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 *1* | 2 3] = ~38% (25%-50%)Got the game for €8 instead of €20 in the Steam Halloween Sales 2016. After exactly 2 hours, I asked for a refund, but the threshold timing is coincidence.Reason:Random game-breaking bug(s?) in combination with a ridiculous savegame concept where you have to do a whole mission again if you abort it (and, only slightly annoying, you start over in the mission hub, not at the start of the mission), so e.g. you can't stop at some point in a mission, because the missions' checkpoint concept only applies in-memory. The hub world's checkpoint concept is persistent, but those checkpoints are far apart; can't say if that matters, didn't play enough to find out if this can result in annoying situations, so far it was alright.At first, I had trouble finding emotional access to the game, because there was no context of how to interpret the literally otherworldly situations, but then eventually the world was explained and made sense. At this point, I was finally beginning to actually be interested, but before this could gain momentum, I reached the hub and chose one of the missions - the leftmost one - and, far in, encountered a game-breaking bug that, based on a video I saw where it didn't occur, seems to happen randomly.The only thing I could do was to exit to the menu and then click ""continue"" - which placed me in the hub again. When I had first entered the mission and turned around to touch the exit, I had already seen the message that says the mission would completely reset if I leave it before completing it, and I assume this applies to all missions. The video showing the first mission was almost 7 minutes long, but the person playing it knew exactly what to do at all times, so expect 10-25 minutes while you still need to figure out what's what. And you can't interrupt, or you have to do it all over again, place the platforms, push the buttons, carefully navigate above the abyss.Far in the first mission, there was a pipeline-like puzzle where I had to arrange two sets of pipes. When I was done with the left set, I fiddled with the right set, but suddenly those pipes stopped being interactive. So I had to startthe missionover. The savegame concept is unacceptable as it is, but when game-breaking bugs like this are in the mix, the only winning move is not to play.It would feel like walking a tightrope, constantly thinking ""I hope the game doesn't break"". How are you supposed to enjoy the world / story with that load on your mind, gnawing at your nerves? You're constantly threatened with extreme frustration - why should I put up with this when there are hundreds of other games I could play or spend money on?If the developers choose to work on this: The key solution would be persistent and not-too-far-apart checkpoints.Fixing the game-breaking bug(s?) would help, too, but that's secondary.AVATAR SIMULATIONYou see your body when looking down (at least the legs). You can walk, run (optionally as a toggle), crouch (optionally as a toggle; I found the process of crouching down a bit too slow, and it also doesn't go down far enough for my taste), jump. There's no mantling/climbing, so if you meet a wall that's a wee bit to high for your jump, you're out of luck.The footstep sounds of normal ground (e.g. in hub) seem to be the original Dark Engine sounds (Thief, System Shock 2), which I liked a lot. I'm not sure if I find them completely apt, and I guess the reason is that as opposed to the Dark Engine games, you're just a levitating camera (With legs.) in Soul Axiom: The natural walk-sway isn't there. I know some people have problems with such things, but making such effects optional has been normal in gaming for the longest time.You will attain powers that you can use at any time, but they are only effective on specific (clearly marked, once you know what to look for) objects. I agree with the complaint of another reviewer: The powers are delayed too much, you feel hindered. This is ok most of the time, but at other times you feel imprisoned (e.g. when turning the pipes in that game-breaking bug situation). After handling several dozens of objects with the green power, due to the delay I still don't know if the reset animation of objects always plays in full or if I can interrupt it. The delay makes use of the powers feel wooden. It would also have been a lot better if the powers' sounds would not play when you're not actually affecting an object: You can make the power gesture at any time, and if you do that while aiming at the right type of object, the effect this has on the object makes the sound fit well, and that's why it feels wrong when the sound plays even if you're just aiming at thin air. Silence or an alternative sound would be better.INPUTYou can reconfigure the input. I think I also saw options for controllers but don't remember. I moved all controls from WASD to arrow keys with no problems.Mouse is not accelerated - just like it has to be. Mouse speed is adjustable.TECH  / GRAPHICSThankfully, and this is rare enough, the game has FOV controls that go far enough for my needs. I use a 49"" 16:9 screen at arm's length distance, because as opposed to the vast majority, I have understood that a 3D 1st person interface is meant toreplaceyour real-world 1st person, so a bigger screen means better use of / better working interface, which e.g. expresses in the fact that I have no problems doing 1st person 3D platforming, because due to higher FOV, objects that are further away are clearly smaller, so I can estimate distances properly. I like to be immersed when I play, so I try to bein the worldinstead of just looking at it on a rectangle somewhere over there in front of me.I had to crank up the FOV slider to max, which showed ""100"", and I am convinced that this is vertical FOV, because 100° horizontal (at 16:9) would be way too low for me. When standing with my back in a 90° corner in this game, I could seebothwalls, even when I reduced the FOV to ""90"", so it's definitely higher than 90° horizontal.I tried to play at 4K with all settings maxed, but my (powerful) machine couldn't give me full 60 FPS, which is normal, so the game's rendering doesn't seem to either be slow or lightning-fast. Playing at 1920x1080 was just fine.The graphics are very dark, but there's a gamma slider which helps a little. The darkness is in the design, not in the rendering. With your powers ""out"", you emit a bit of light, so you can amend this when standing close to stuff. The darkness is not really a problem, it's just a bit much overall, I find.The graphics are simple and (mainly due to their glow and glowing lines) remind a lot of the awesomeTron 2.0while by far not reaching their heights (at least up to the point where I played), but they are also not bad: They have proper game studio level, not just amateur level.CONCLUSIONDon't buy unless the savegame concept is completely overhauled, or considerable frustration from time to time is guaranteed.If they fix those problems, and if they also reduce the powers' delay that feels so wooden, it might be a great 3D 1st person story campaign puzzler. Can't tell because I stopped at 2 hours."
,Recommended,279900,21566985,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,WyzAntz,"The game reminds of Tron in a lot of ways, but the grapics are beautiful and the puzzles are very challenging that do force you think before you just move in to do something. The story is also very intersting and seems to have aspects that can not only startle you but make you think a little.https://youtu.be/Lie42kdnNIs"
76561198312374163,Recommended,279900,26757659,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,alexandertodd16,I loved this game.  It starts off with no story and then turns out to have one of the best ones i've seen so far.  I would recommend this to anyone who like obduction.
,Recommended,279900,17614625,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,J93,"After playing Master Reboot, I had high hopes for this game. The puzzles and entire layout of the game are so well organised and really make you explore the maps. Simplistic maps and textures combined with the lighting effects make for really enjoyable and relaxing gameplay. Not to mention the great soundtrack!If you're tired of the boring repetitive FPS games, and enjoy a good puzzle story experience with something completely different, definately give this a go and you won't be dissapointed! This absolutely exceeded my expectations, and it hasn't even been fully released yet!"
,Recommended,279900,26328046,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Blue-Matter,One of the best stories I've played all year. Highly recommended if you are into puzzle games with detailed stories and a fair amount of lore that ties everything together. Did not know that Master Reboot was the prequel to this game. I will be getting that one soon and I'm certain it will be as good as Soul Axiom.
76561197972271856,Recommended,279900,15868201,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bothered,"I started this game and became quite frustrated because there is no manual save. I got to within a nats of the end of one zone and quit, only to find on restarting that I would have to do the whole level again! I went into whinge mode. I persevered  and the game just got better and better. One you realise you have to complete a zone in one go it is a fantastic game. It is a bit of a hassle if you only have 15 mins to play though and I still think an option to save a level half way through would be a nice touch. The game has become my new favourite game nevertheless, the puzzles can be quite hard and are unique, clever and interesting.  could have had a lie in this morning but thought ""I can get the Ice Palace zone done "", so I got up. If you like a bit of a challange, get this Gem."
,Recommended,279900,16300659,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Dukmiester2,"Love what there is so far in early access. Very entertaining game, if you like puzzles and a decent challenge but without the frustration of some games. Devs are quite active in the discussions, and I can tell they are passionate and devoted individuals."
,Recommended,279900,20521976,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,[SGDN] Guardian,"Soul Axiom is in early access, but it is maybe the most polished and best early access I've met so far. Its a very interesting and enjoyable game with good puzzles and a very interesting story. If I should sum my experience, I would say; Tron Legacy meets QuestWorld (The VR world of The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest). The soundtrack is beautiful, the design is well executed, and the atmosphere is simply great. It took about 15 hours to finish the game, so its very long. And the story is really twisted. I definitely liked how the second part of the memory fragments twisted the story of every single memory fragments. There were only two so-so elements. The first is the quality of the cutscenes. But by time I got used to them. They served their purpose well and told the story what they needed to. And my second problem was reaching the corrupted cubes on every level, as to do that, you basically have to go half way through on every single level again. But beyond this, Soul Axiom is a great and highly recommended game.If you haven't seen the Early Access' trailer, check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geNuu-DyXK0"
,Not Recommended,279900,33661597,Posted: 19 July,all,-Ω-,"To put it simply, this game is unfinished. There are a lot of examples of bad game design, as some levels you must restart in order to reset triggers, and then make your way up a long flight of stairs again. On top of that, there are not any explanations for any puzzles, and I found myself scratching my head trying to figure out how to proceed pretty much every step of the way.As a $5 game, especially with the amount of content it provides, this game would be tremendous. But for the asking price, there's no way I can justify it."
,Recommended,279900,17636783,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Radiant:D,"Please note, this is a review of the game while it is in early access,  written after playing through roughly a few pre zones and a hubs worth of content, so the game is as in progress as my opinions of 10 hours worth of play time.How would I describe this game? A mix of exploration, action, adventure and puzzle solving set in a neon bright Tron coloured universe with a twist of horror thrown in, all viewed in FPS view, similar to Wales Interactive's previous game Master Reboot.The elements mesh together really well and is a large step forward from the previous game, which played well and I enjoyed due to being a fan of sci-fi / horror, but at times felt more geared towards physical interation puzzles, compared to this very promising for early access and well crafted piece where every environment has been fun to explore and where the phsyiscal and metal puzzles work with the story to be great sum of parts.Would I get this game? If you like to explore fantasy / sci fi environments with a good story and a mix of different puzzles that are challenging but fair then this is the game for you. It plays as great single player game, but I would also say that if you have a spouse / partner / friend, you may want to try two player gaming as the mix of puzzles and environments makes it more interesting than gaming experiences. Streaming could aslo work well, from a watcher of many youtube let's plays.All in all highly recommended as a purchase"
,Recommended,279900,17726322,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,d10sfan,Very interesting and enjoyable game. Good puzzles and an interesting story so far. Linux support is working well
76561197975677541,Recommended,279900,26625649,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,gopherowens,"So if tron and the matrix had a love child this would be it. I have spent 3 days playing this and only a couple of times did I rage quit or it crashed. This game rocks hard and will live in my collection forever so to everybody who complained too bad as all you complained about is irrelivant and this game will continue to amuse and entrhall me for ages to come.But this game is not how fancy the graphics are or how the cut scenes are kinda oldish its the magnificent story and how its drip fed to you in the stages and then again when you go back till you WANT to see the whole puzzle through.Thanks to the team who made this and a box of virtual chocolates is being prepared for all your hard work.P.s. I know this is a redo but sometimes the best games are kept up to date for us, thanks to those who did that too."
76561198014580360,Recommended,279900,24472316,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Reknahs,"I enjoyed Master Reboot so I decided to pick this game up and I'm glad I did. Soul Axiom is a first-person puzzle game wheere you solve puzzles by interacting with them with different special powers, represented by changing the color of your hands. I found the puzzles to be mostly enjoyable, some were really obvious and some were sort of non-intuitive, but most found a happy medium and I loved the ""duh"" moment you get when you solve a challenging one. The visuals and soundtrack really add to the game, my only complaint is some levels were a bit too dark, although you can use your hands as ""flashlights."" The atmostphere was great to, and there are some jump scares but I think they were well done. The game is made up of a diverse group of enviroments, all with neat little details and the design overall is very abstract. Playing the first game isn't required to get into the story although it will help, and there's lots of little references which were fun to discover. The story is very nonlinear, don't expect to understand everything at once. Although like MR, once you piece everything together it really shines. Performance was mostly good except I noticed the engine struggled a bit when you shatter something, like wood or ice, but the game was never unplayable. My biggest complaint is probably the lack of save files, if you exit the level you have to start over which is kind of annoying. Overall a very fun puzzle game with an great story and aesthetic."
,Recommended,279900,20470938,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Raingram,"This is one of those rare games that follows in the footsteps of the Myst series. If you like mystery, and adventure, and puzzles, with a more human element, then this is the game for you!Although it's technically unfinished, it doesn't feel like it as all the levels that have been made so far are superbly crafted and each one is unique. I especially love the level that usesTime Travel Mechanicsas the developers did it right where so many others have failed."
,Recommended,279900,21562756,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Malificarr,"This is a beautiful and well designed first person adventure game. But no mistake - after the first few levels you better be scouring every area for clues because there is pretty much no hand holding after that.If you like a fairly challenging ""oh god what do I do now?"" non-combat Tron style adventure game then you'll be quite happy."
76561198102270456,Not Recommended,279900,28888850,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,xfilea,"I'd like to give this game a thumbs up.  If anyone doubts that games are art, they should look at Soul Axiom.  The setting is BEAUTIFUL and interesting and the story is dropped in just small enough pieces that you want to know more.That said. the game is unfinished.  There are some bugs that kill the experience and sometimes you don't know where you are or end up in some setting that is obviously not part of the game.  Or you get trapped in a valley unable to get out and have to start a level over again. The puzzles are painfully obvious to solve with a few exceptions.  For $20, I'd like to get a bit more polish and have some of the fun killers taken out.That said, I hope that this developer does more games in the future.  I see a lot of potential in what they have done and I appreciate the effort they made to put it on Linux."
,Not Recommended,279900,29174663,Posted: 10 January,all,Super Awesome Banana,"Pretty decent game but not that great either since it has a few problems.It's a good action/adventure game but not that great of a puzzle game, which is mainly what I was expecting from it.Pros:+ The puzzle mechanics are pretty interesting and original+ Really nice artstyle, the world is colorful and interesting to look at+ Good soundtrack+ Fairly interesting story+ Good length. Took me about 14 hours to get through the game+ Multiple endings don't require you to replay through the whole game or certain levels again+ You can replay any level you want at any time using the game's hub, even after finishing the game+ You don't have to replay through the whole levels if you just want to find the secrets, which is nice for people like me who like to find all the secrets and/or get all of the achiemevents+ Finding secrets gives you more information about the story and characters which is a nice incentive to find them (if you're actually interested in the story)Cons:- You can't save in the middle of a level. Which is a bit annoying sometimes considering that they pretty much all have multiple puzzles in them- The puzzle aren't always balanced that well. Sometimes the solution will be way too easy and sometimes it will be frustrating, either because:You have no clue what you're supposed to doYou have to be precise or quick but switching from one power to another isn't quick enoughRe-using a certain power after you've just used it takes a second or two meaning that you can't spam it, which is really annoying for puzzle where you have to be quickThe game doesn't always register that you were using your power on something. Either because you weren't looking at said thing in the right way, because it was too far or because the object is too small and it's hard to aim at itSometimes it's just bugged (not that often, though)- Some of the environnements honestly don't make any sense, even after having finished the game and seeing all endings- Voice acting is pretty cringy at times- Sound design could use some work. Some sounds were either too loud, bugged or just not there- Minor spoiler:The boss battles at the end were incredibly annoying and irritating. Especially because of the cringy voice actors constantly screamingthe exact same line over and over againuntil you kill them. Thankfully there are no other boss battles in the game before that point- Can't skip cutscenes or credits, which is fine when you're seeing them for the first time but a bit annoying when you're replaying levels or trying to get the other endings- Even though the HUB section of the game is pretty interesting and useful, it's a bit too big in my opinion. A lot of empty space- The jumping feels a bit clunky although you rarely need to use it so it can be overlooked- Even though there's not a lot of them, the jumpscares are still pretty annoying and completely out of place. I have absolutely no idea what were the point of them or how they even have anything to do with the story, even after beating the game- Game is too dark. Had the gamma all the way up the whole game otherwise I could barely see anything in some of the levels.TLDR: As an action/adventure game, this is a pretty good game with an interesting story and nice looking world. As a puzzle game though, it has too many problems for me to recommend it.I'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale if you intend to buy it"
,Not Recommended,279900,26340609,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,karnsarnit,Not pleased with this game. It has some graphical glitches on Linux that the developers can't/won't fix.
76561198065294290,Not Recommended,279900,29289241,Posted: 15 January,all,Queen Cunt,"Not fun. Ditto to all the things the other negative reviews say, especially having a slow and uninteresting start that doesnt compell one to want to play more.Shame, since i kinda really enjoyed master reboot"
76561198052646135,Recommended,279900,22769985,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Xtaroth,This game is pretty awesome.Gameplay 9/10Visuals 8/10 (+3/10 for tronness so 11/10)Music 9/10Immersiveness 10/10I loved Master Reboot and this just tops it off; hoping to see much more in the future.
,Recommended,279900,21731605,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Henri_Feuillade,"Very interesting extraordinary gameplay with puzzles, but white areas which try to simulate textures rendering bugs is ♥♥♥♥ing bad idea"
,Recommended,279900,15812893,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,vodkins,"Very interestring adventure/puzzle game! Nice mechanics for interacting with the world. Most puzzles are on the edge - you almost always unsure what to do first, but when you begin to try and think - all becomes clear, so solving them are really challenging but satisfying after all. Graphic is somewtimes old, but it very stylish. Pretty well done for that moment in early access. Also developers LISTEN to players and fix bugs/make improvements very fast! Also they chosed interesting grow method for the game - they adds new levels, so when you think/solve first levels - they brings you next ones in time:) Recommend it even in Early Access."
,Recommended,279900,13844620,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,karenscomp,i enjoy  that game but after warzone level i get glove of destory power from lava area  i try to get out they won't if someone can help me.
,Recommended,279900,17903583,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Thenavidude,"This game is a true masterpiece.  As it keeps growing and growing with even more levels, I wonder if I will ever stop playing this game.Graphics: 10/10 (The graphics, even though they are simplistic, capture what the game is about)Gameplay: 10/10 (Puzzles are perfectly crafted, and game mechanics are... purely awesome)Levels: ?/10 (I can't conclude)Overall: I don't even/0 (YOU CAN'T DIVIDE BY ZEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!)"
,Recommended,279900,23985956,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kazuhira Martinz,"This is a fun game. The story unfolds as you play, leaving you wanting to find out what exactly is going on. Puzzles vary in difficulty, each puzzle being interesting and unique to solve.The game has it's own art style, this helps vary the look and feel of each level. Level locations are also all varied, ensuring that progression doesn't seem halted. The music is great, adds to the games ambience and creates more immersion while playing.At times the voice acting isn't up to par with what the game offer, but overall doesn't detract from the game.I would recommend picking up the game and having a playthrough.*Even though my playtime on steam is quite low, I've played the game on XBox and PS4. *"
76561197993392850,Recommended,279900,15330775,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,"In case you are a Trading Card junkie like meThis game's Trading Cards are bugged.Some foil trading cards are in short supply to the point of none available on the store. I previouly thought it meant the cards were bugged; however, I have come to understand it is just a low supply of cards. For example you will be unable to purchaseElysium (Foil). This meansit is impossible to get the Foil Badge for this game at the moment. On the flip side, if you don't care about badges and only selling cards this might be a great opportunity.The cards for this game are:AngelbuggedunlistedAngerbuggedunlistedCanoCorruptDevelopElysiumbuggedunlistedFuturebuggedunlistedHoverbikeLast Chancebuggedzero sellersMansionbuggedunlistedPlansShip ShapeTemplebuggedzero sellersWavesbuggedunlistedWoodsbuggedunlistedBattle Ranchhas the same problem (if going for badges) / opportunity (if trying to get rare cards) by the way."
76561198051172333,Not Recommended,279900,26570842,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lord Gaben,"do not buy this game if you:* are not good at finding your own way without waypoints* if you can not if see in the dark* if your computer is not powered by superman* if you have a normal computer, because your framerate will be thrown out the window then have its head be crushed by a sledgehammer* cannot stand low graphics, because most likely you will be using low graphics"
,Not Recommended,279900,30838451,Posted: 30 March,all,Comet5o4,"Game seemed alright, not as good as the first one, this one seems a bit boring. Once I got to the computer math level I had to tab out to write a negative review. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even if I put in the correct formula it tells me I am wrong"
76561198203158694,Not Recommended,279900,21656481,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Saudade,"Honestly I'm not sure what the game is trying to acomplish, I had really high hopes and I was confused and disspointed.  It may have been better if it was a little easier to tell what I was doing and it was a little more explainitory."
,Not Recommended,279900,23675097,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Quentin7079,"Somehow manages to run like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my new alienware pc.Even on ""Low"" theres crazy input lag and I can't see anything in this game because the whole world is pitch black even with tons of lights around me like my char is wearing spf 3000 sunglasses"
