user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,280040,12590309,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,KCGemini,"It starts out being a blast as you rescue townsfolk, get newer and better items, and get further along into the game; but eventually devolves into repetitiveness. Although a roguelike in vein of TLoZ and BoI, it hardly gets very random. Due to this, as your skill level goes up, you get further in just to be hit by gobs of enemies. This is where the game's fault lies in as the enemies tend to take a lot of punishment before going down. As you get to the final area of the game, it gets worse in this regard as now said sponge enemies now hit like trucks and with every death you'll just be visiting the same rooms over and over and over. Now in an average roguelike, this wouldn't be a problem. In AWL, it's hardly random enough to give the player a reason to continue to do so.Finding blueprints enables you to reduce the luck element by finding a good enough item that you can now use at the beginning of the game upon purchasing it. However, even that process could essentially be considered ""grinding"" as you're going through the same places yet again to get something to help you get through the game's 3 main areas.Due to enemies spamming you in large amounts and them being able to take a heavy amount of punishment; rather than them changing up tactics, (or even getting new attacks or becoming faster for example) they essentially don't do anything creative with them. Everything else, such as the music, is passable at best. Overall, the game's faults will eventually wear you out on enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,280040,10958571,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rogerinho do Ingá,"Someone recomended me this game because it was supposedly similar to ""Binding of Isaac"", but had native controller support and other roguelike elements and I decided to try.The game was interesting on the first run, but once I realized how little the items added to the gameplay and the repetitive nature of the levels it got boring pretty quick.In my opinion, what makes ""Binding of Isaac"" shine as a great game are the unique items and the carefully balanced challenge. You keep trying to do one run after another, motivated by the thrill of what new item combination you will obtain, how will it affect your gameplay and how far can you get with it. I felt no such thing in AWL, none at all. After 10 runs or so the SAME items would keep popping over and over, and I could barely tell the difference between any of them. The weapons were the most interesting part, but even so they had all the same damage and it didn't fell much different from using any of them.The ""level design"" was OK at best, switching quickly from empty rooms with a zombie to a large room with 5 enemies at close range, while a goblin throws daggers at you and a werewolf comes charging from off-screen.  Then an empty room with explosive barrels and a switch that opens the door. I get it is ""randomly generated"", but the generation mechanics and base rooms should be more interesting or ballanced. The player should be given the opportunity to gear a bit or meeting new enemies before being thrown in a room with 10 of it charing at him.The totem mechanic interested me a lot, but then I got an abbacus and checked the totem damage, which was basically the same as my own weapon and got disappointed. I tried to make a full-totem build by obtaining the totem book and shaman items, but in the end using it was so clunky, having to put it on the ground and kite enemies to it while waiting for it to poof and hope that the hitbox didn't cheat me. Most of the times it was simply easier to backtrack and throw hits at the enemy one at a time than wait for them to get hit by the totem.Now don't get me wrong, I love ""roguelikes"" and the difficulty associated with them, but what makes them fun is the possibility to test your limits and play the game everytime with a different set of cards. This feels to me more like I am playing an old NES game like Ghosts and Goblins where I have to keep repeating the same stuff and the difficulty is centered around perfect timing, patience and execution of it.I personally do not recommend the game, and if you feel that the things I cited are important for you, if you enjoyed ""Binding of Isaac"" for the items and hate doing the same stuff again, maybe this is not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,280040,15833965,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tubesock,"My main issues with A Wizard's Lizard are: the game is toorepetitive; there is not enoughcontent; and everything becomesannoying(enemies, rooms, equipment).A Small Explanation Of What A Wizard's Lizard Is All AboutA Wizard's Lizard isverysimilar to The Binding of Isaac, but has an upgrade system similar to Rogue Legacy. During your crawl in the dungeon you can rescue an infinite number of villagers (3 max per crawl) who each give you 500 Gold to start each of your runs with. You spend your money before you enter the dungeon (or choose to save some or all of it for in-dungeon purchases). You spend your money on weapons / other equipment of which you purchase blueprints for in the dungeon. Dying will leave you in ghost form, but you can return to normal on the second part of each area.The Game Is Too RepetitiveThere are 3 main areas (Cemetery, Sewers, Crypt) each with 3 parts to them (e.g. Sewer 1, Sewer 2, Sewer 3) and 2 sub-areas with 1 part each respectively. That's it. All crawls feel the same because everything is set in stone. Blueprints, shopkeepers (and the kinds of items they sell), secret enemies and paths will always be in the same areas (e.g. Cemetery 2 will always have a blueprint for purchase, and Crypt 1 will always have a villager to rescue in the area). You always fight Death at the end. There are no surprises. Someone even wrote a guide on what you can find exactly in each level:https://steamcommunity.com/app/280040/discussions/0/540744934619347325/?There Is Not Enough ContentMany of the weapons feel the same and I think a lot of them should not even be in the game. There's even a weapon called the Owl Slayer that is very effective against Owl enemies. The problem with bringing such a weapon is that Owl enemies are only in the first area (Cemetery). Owls are not even difficult enough to warrant bringing a weapon for the sole purpose of making it easier to kill them. As stated before, there are 3 main areas with 2 sub-areas. One of the sub-areas does not have a Boss at the end, so that's 3 main Bosses and 1 sub-boss. There are also a couple special enemies you can fight if you want to, but you usually do not want to. Unlocking shortcuts to the Crypt and Sewers are laughably easy. You just have to kill one of those special enemies in each area once, which is not hard at all. You will also encounter the same enemies over and over with the exception of a few rare enemies. The game has 72 blueprints to collect (those 72 blueprints do not even include every piece of equipment in the game). The game has a Museum that lets you know which weapons / equipment you have completed the game with. I have completed the game with every weapon and piece of equipment and I can say it was not worth it.Everything Is AnnoyingThe Rooms: There is so much BS in a lot of the rooms that you have to be overly careful. Every room becomes a tedious nightmare making the game difficult for all the wrong reasons. There are so many non-enemy structures that when destroyed will send projectiles flying out and are very annoying. The Crypt is littered with arrow wall traps and the Sewers have wall traps that spew green liquid on you that slows you down and is more of a nuisance than anything. Rooms freeze with all activated / deactivated traps as they were when you leave a room. So if there is a sliding spike trap located near a door and it barely misses you as you get through the door, you will have to take damage on the way back for not paying attention. Another instance of this happening is when you die and become a ghost; all ghost enemies in previously completed rooms will be unfrozen like the spike trap. I died on a crawl one time after I was backtracking to get revived when I went through a room I had cleared before when I was alive, but now it had a skull ghost in the doorway which killed me instantly upon entering the room. Another annoying part of the rooms is that they can have annoying traps like webs on the floor that slow you down, fans that push or pull you, spike traps that spring up from under the floor, and spike traps that slide across the floor when you get in range. They are all annoying and everywhere.The Weapons / Equipment: Damage upgrades are necessary if you want to have a fun time in your crawls, but they are somewhat rare (for one thing you cannot purchase any of them at the town before a crawl) and all of the damage upgrades except for the charms come with a downgrade. The downgrade is that with each piece of spiked equipment you put on, your fire rate will go down.The Enemies: Once you enter a room with enemies you cannot leave until every enemy is dead (except for the 2 crystal enemies). This becomes especially annoying when you go into a room on accident. Some of the enemies can be fun to fight like the two types of Owls who attack you depending on which Owl type you attack which have some great strategic scenarios. And then there are all of the other enemies who all feel the same. Some enemies can freeze or slow you, but the majority of them just charge at you. The later stages feel like there are too many enemies / traps and the enemies have too much health. Some enemies can even kill you in one hit with an explosion against a wall.Final ThoughtsIf you're a completionist, you may find some entertainment from collecting every available blueprint (which was a pain to do by the way) or completing the game with every weapon and piece of equipment (which also was not very fun). The Museum also tracks how many times you've killed an enemy and will make the trophy of that monster Golden when you've ""Mastered"" killing them. This can mean a low number of kills like 25 or upwards of 500+. I'm not even going to try that because a lot of the enemies are rare or take a long time to get to.You may also be interested in this game if you want a 10-20 hour game that younever want to play again."
76561198087738131,Recommended,280040,13113832,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Rothana,"At the Time of WritingGame:A Wizard's LizardPrice:$8.49* (reg $16.99)Genre:Action/RPG/Rogue-likeTime Played:42 hoursPersonal Enjoyment Rating:☺☺☺☺☻Links I Found Helpful**A Youtube review byNorthernlionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYPa6XHPxP4GeneralYou may think that I absolutely love this game if you've looked at my hours played, and although I am enjoying it and I do recommend it, take it with a grain of salt please. I've found this game to be somewhat difficult, but the completionist in me just can not accept defeat, and so I keep coming back again and again. At this point I have 50 deaths and 0 wins. Therefore, I'm not at all sure what the ratio is between the game being challenging and my skill level being awful.There are a few characters to unlock, however that is far in your future if you're anything like me. First you need to learn the ropes of the game. One of the most enjoyable aspects of a Wizard's Lizard is the opportunity to explore for yourself and get to grips with how to accomplish the objective of the game. However, as you learn a little more each time you die, it has to be said that the biggest drawback to this game is the repetativeness.Last of all, I must mention that I have not played The Binding of Isaac, and therefore I can not give you any comments comparing the two games to each other. I find the Binding of Isaac too gory.GameplayYou are a lizard. A very cute lizard that looks cross and sticks his tongue out every time you attack. Your objective is to battle Death and help your wizard. You do this by wandering through the dungeon until you get to the last area. There are three main areas and two side areas. Getting hit (losing health) is a very bad thing because healing items are relatively few and far between.As you progress further and further into the dungeon, you'll be able to rescue villagers and buy blueprints which are the two persistent progression aspects to the game. They will give you more options in town before you start a run, making you more powerful, and thus more likely to get further.That's about it. It's pretty simple. Kill stuff before it kills you. Don't get hit. Get to the end. Although, as I might have mentioned before, it isn't necessarily easy to do.ControlsControls are WASD to move and arrow keys to attack (you can also use the mouse to attack, but I found it rather cumbersome to use). There are few hotkeys to learn to make life easier, but the three most important ones are: Z is a spell attack, X puts down a totem, and shift makes you dash. It's important to learn to use your abilities to help you clear out rooms faster and with less death.StorylineVery basic. It's really more of a theme than anything else. At the start there is a short cutscene setting you up to go rescue your wizard. Since I haven't managed to win a game yet I can't comment much more than that.SoundI really enjoy the music, it's quite fun if repetitive, but repetitive like Tetris or other beloved old games. You are warned if you hate repetitive music. The sound effects are rather basic and a little jarring on the ears. There are only a few which I deem practical sounds - giving you warning of an incoming attack.GraphicsDelightful graphics in my opinion. Cartoony, sure, but charming. I also appreciate that I can turn off the bloody globs of zombie exploding because I do not enjoy gore. The lighting effects are very neat, although after a while they became tiresome for me because they do make gameplay harder. There is an option to turn the lighting effects off.Pros+explore the game for yourself to learn the ropes+charming graphics+hotkeys+a lot to do for completionists+achievements*** are more like challenges+super cute lizardCons-repetitive-repetitive-repetitiveHelp Me Help YouIf you did not find this review helpful,I would really appreciate your constructive criticism - tell me why it wasn’t helpful for you. It’s my hope to make the reviews that I do take the time to write up, as helpful as they possibly can be.Rothana's Steam Review ArchiveFor those that are interested in seeing more of my reviews, I have set up an archive of them at an external website. I don't earn anything off of this at all, it's just a little side project that I add to when I can. Steam won't let me create a direct link though, so you'll need to make your own way to the URL I describe now:rothana dot weebly dot comFootnotes*Any prices that I mention are in CDN because that is what I see. The primary price I list at the top is the price that I bought the game at.**I will not be keeping an eye on whether the links are up to date, so if they are broken I apologise. Remember that these are external websites and I'm just trying to be helpful - I'm not responsible for the content on the other end.***Don't even get me started on achievements. My rant follows:Suffice it to say that I think most achievements are complete waste of space. The only reason I'm going to mention them as a plus point on a game is if they're being used properly. I don't care if you managed to kill your first zombie in the first five minutes of the tutorial... thatisn'tan achievement. Achievements should be challenges for the player to complete which are somewhat difficult to accomplish, and/or make you think about the game in a different way, thereby getting you to explore different ways of doing things and thus expanding upon the gameplay.Edit Log27/11/2014 added ""help me help you"" section18/02/2015 added ""rothana's archive"" section"
76561197994641567,Not Recommended,280040,13906551,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Zen Tractor,"While this game looks nice, has a great theme and tone set by the visuals, and has a pretty nice upgrade system, there were many things that really killed my enjoyment of it.While individual rooms are generated well, with a random layout and varied monsters, each floor is utterly predictable, from the number of rooms to the effective contents of each.You don't do much damage, and you don't have many ways to get HP back, which is nice and reasonable, however every time you kill an enemy or break a destructable object the entire screen shakes.  It seems like overkill, and quickly becomes more of an annoyance.  Does every single kill need to have that impact?  You can have upwards of 50 creatures on the screen at a time in some rooms.  That's stopped being an occasional screen shake and become more of a semi-permanant earthquake.The graphics look nice, but the game ran very badly on my machine.  If more than one enemy was taking damage at a time the whole game seemed to tank for a few frames.  If several traps go off at once, again, it tanks.The game runs in a window, which is nice, but if you accidentally click outside the window, which is far from hard with a mouse controlled twin-stick shooter, then the game 'locks' whatever keyboard input it had until you jiggle it.  for example, if you were walking downwards, you will continue walking downwards when you alt-tab back into it.  For movement skills this is easy enough to fix, but it is particularly annoying when you accidentally lock down your sprint button, which prevents you from shooting and has a cooldown.  Then 2-3 seconds after coming back into the game and fixing your movement, you find yourself sprinting off into the wall of spikes.Running the game fullscreen letterboxes off either side of my screen.  This is an understandable design descision, since having a fixed player camera makes sense, I won't hold that against the developers.  However I will hold against them the fact that you can still click in the black regions with my mouse to target, and the game doesn't recognise that input, as if you had clicked out of the game.  That's just bad.Overall, while a nice game that would have done well as a free flash game, it quickly becomes very repeditive, and has enough buggy quality issues to make me sorely regret paying the full $15 price."
,Recommended,280040,10670924,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,"Ryusuta, Dood!","***IMPORTANT NOTE: THIS REVIEW HAS BEEN UPDATED TO ACCOUNT FOR THE CURRENT 2.0.10 BETA VERSION. TO USE THIS VERSION, RIGHT-CLICK THE GAME IN THE LIBRARY, GO TO PROPERTIES, THE BETA TAB, THEN SELECT BETA IN THE PULLDOWN MENU.***A Wizard's Lizard is not so much a Roguelike as a ""Binding of Isaac-like."" When I first saw gameplay of this game, I was instantly charmed by it. Being a Binding of Isaac fan, I've really wanted something to sink my teeth into while patiently awaiting BoI: Rebirth.Right out of the gate, this game has a lot working in its favor - an adorable protagonist, a creative premise (which informs its dual-natured gameplay), a great degree of challenge, a decent soundtrack, and a style and humor all its own, with references to Final Fantasy, Zelda, and even The Wicker Man.The challenge is something that comes on strong right from the start, as you are left with very few resources at your disposal to counter the massive hordes of enemies with their sights on you. To counteract this, the game rewards you for multiple playthroughs by allowing you to find blueprints and rescue villagers. If you are able to find an item blueprint, that item will be available for you to purchase back at the beginning hub town. In addition, each villager you rescue will allow you to begin the game with an additional 500 gold. At first I felt this slightly cheapened the experience by taking a random element out of the gameplay, but I quickly found that it allowed for a more customized approach while still keeping the game's random elements intact. In addition, these elements are completely optional, and playing through ""naked"" is a completely viable tactic to those who are brave and skilled enough.There is a great variety of weapon and armor styles in the game, with even the starter weapons ranging from a spear that travels further and more quickly, to double daggers that are weaker against single enemies but are better suited for dealing with larger groups. The weapon variety isn't as vast as that of Binding of Isaac, but it is still early on in the game's life and new content has been added and rebalanced at an incredible rate already.The game sports some other options for battling, however. Raga - the titular lizard in A Wizard's Lizard - is capable of two forms of magical attack. The first is a soul-based magical attack, which attacks surrounding enemies, dealing incredible damage. Each usage of this attack will use up a collected soul that you have stored. It can, however, turn the tide of a seemingly hopeless battle in a hurry, making it a spectacular desperation attack.The other alternative is Totemic magic. Raga will place a totem on the ground and that totem will attack with a magical effect a number of times before disappearing. The default totem is a little underwhelming, shooting a four-way, low damage fireball. However, there are many totem upgrades you can find, such as one that fires long-range boulders, one that performs its own version of your soul attack, or one that freezes enemies in place, allowing you to attack them or make a quick escape. The advantages to totems are a: the attack comes from them and not you, allowing you to focus on other things, and b: you have unlimited usages of totems, unlike soul-based magic. the disadvantage is that totems have a significantly longer cooldown time, and you might often find yourself sighing in frustration early on as a poorly-placed totem hits nothing, causing you to wait several seconds before you can place another.The soul magic also enters into another mechanic of this game - death. In A Wizard's Lizard, if you die once, it is NOT game over. Instead, you become a spirit and now are fighting on another plane, in which formerly harmless ghosts are now substantial and dangerous. The upside to this is that you will find significantly more souls to fuel your magic attacks than in the physical world, and can also find treasures normally not accessible to you. I do feel that this idea could lend itself to more dual-layered gameplay than it does, but it is nevertheless a creative and unique concept for a Roguelike. I have no doubt that as levels and content are added, this will be addressed admirably.And ultimately, this one of the strongest points I can recommend this game on. I've been paying very close attention to this title, and the developers at Lost Decade Games have shown an incredible amount of effort and passion in adding to and rebalancing the game. It's a sign of a company that takes gaming seriously and wants to offers the player the most enjoyable experience possible.What it really all comes down to is this. If you are a fan of classic-styled adventure games and/or Binding of Isaac, and you are looking for something new to sink your teeth into, this is definitely your choice. It is an incredibly challenging game with with, style, and charm to spare."
76561198032527508,Not Recommended,280040,10998279,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,marko_ceez,"I was a huge fan of Binding of Isaac and Legend of Zelda, two games that A Wizard's Lizard is often compared too. While I have found enjoyment in this game (and its general addictive nature) I would definitely place it below the former two. It has a fun item database and interesting upgrade elements however I found the gameplay itself can become quite tedious and bug issues, specifically around some monsters cause you to die unneccesarily - very frustrating after progressing to a certain point.I would only reccommend this game to someone with a lot of time to kill, if you haven't tried Binding of Isaac I would go there first."
76561198013723081,Recommended,280040,25505358,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"A wizards lizard is a great rogue rpg game.I mostly don't play rogue games, but they can be quite fun. This little rogue rpg features areanas, secret levels and characters, and time runs. This can make the game quite fun. It is also alot like the zelda games.There is also a sequel on steam that is still in EA:http://store.steampowered.com/app/373470Recommended for fun and rpg elements."
,Recommended,280040,10519990,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Vivi,"Very fun game, feels like a mix of Zelda, Spelunky and Binding of Isaac, at same time it has its own originality points. Also kinda difficult, the challenge is fun :)"
,Recommended,280040,33143601,Posted: 2 July,all,Garbage-chan,"A nice Binding of Isaac inspired game, nothing on Isaac but good enough to be an alternative."
76561198051711462,Recommended,280040,31886396,Posted: 21 May,all,Blazer16,"The game was very fun and not too difficult as far as rogue-like games go.  I liked the fact that the more times you went through, the more starting money and blueprints (for buying starting gear) you collect.  That way even failure runs can have some benefit.  Obtaining different starting characters was nice too.If you are really struggling with the game - there are guides out with a few tips that make the game much easier (how to find the secret areas and how to save townsfolk to get more starting money).Side Note:  The developers for this game were amazing!  They worked their hardest to address all concerns and even fixed an achievement glitch long after they stopped working on the game."
76561198049347365,Recommended,280040,16686812,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ryguydavis,I have had a lot of fun with this game. It's got great replay value and definitely scratches the rougelike itch.
76561198013489529,Recommended,280040,13671518,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Void_Incarnate,"Fun, challenging roguelike 2d twinstick shooter.This game is hard. Like, seriously hard. It makes Megaman look like a stroll in the park. It makes Binding of Isaac look like a simple mugging instead of waking up chained to a drainpipe with a hacksaw and a cellphone next to you. In short, it's HARD.If you persevere though, there are plenty of hidden secrets to uncover - secret levels, unlockable characters. The pace starts off slower than Binding of Isaac - you have to be tactical *and* strategic, but as the levels progress, can become quite frenetic. Masterpiece class in game mechanics design. Plus, Raga is so CUTE. 10/10."
,Recommended,280040,27219595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shortstack,It's kind of like the binding of issac without the weird aborted baby vibe.
,Recommended,280040,16340572,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bushwhacker2k,"Fast-praced procedurally-generated action roguelike.You WILL die pretty frequently, but some things can carry-over and it's all a learning process anyway! There's a variety of different loot types which can be equipped for different character slots such as headgear, chest armor, footwear, a ranged weapon and a totem.Very much like ""The Binding of Isaac"" but slightly less insane."
,Recommended,280040,16673344,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,KeySam,"I recommeded this game because it is somewhat fun and i am a lostcast listener and want to support the devs.That said positives:- Fun Micro Mechanics, although you probably will find yourself using your normal attack the most- Short enough for me to jump in and do a run (but i am not great in this game)- Challenging enoughNegatives:- Performance is bad on some pcs- On my TV Screen i have huge borders- Gets a little reptitive after a whileOverall its a nice game to have if you like this kind of genre.p.s.: Dont forget me if i come screaming for help, a long time lostcast listener.Greetings from PartTimeIndie"
76561198007423523,Not Recommended,280040,11344657,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Honeycone,"Terrible PerformanceFor some reason, this game has terrible performance. In the late part of the game the performance is so bad it's literally impossible to play. Many people in the forums have stated similar issues. This game looks like an IOS port and should be able to run fine with a potato, but currently high end PCs are struggling with it.I personally don't have much hope that it will be fixed due to several reasons:-It hasn't been fixed yet.-The reason there is no widescreen support is because that would mean 50%isch more pixels on screen and it wrecked the performance (as stated by one of the developers).-The fact that they can't get such an untaxing game to run smoothly and that the had to resort to such drastic measures mentioned above just screams incompitence. I honestly don't think that they even CAN properly optimize this game.-And most of all, they thought it was acceptable to release the game in this state to begin with.The first 3isch floors are playable but the frames do drop below 30 if many enemies are on screen at once. But since it's literally unplayable (for some PC configurations) in the later half of the game, there is no way I can in any way recommend this game."
76561198018711139,Not Recommended,280040,10515520,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Mr.GreenSuit,Food (health pickups) are insanely rare (1-3 a level IF you're lucky) and only usually only restore 5 hp (base hp is 50) which is a joke because monsters hit for 10-20+. To make matters worse in order to get the key to unlock the shortcuts to next areas so you don't have to regrind the same area 1000 times you have to have your player go into ghost mode... by killing yourself... it's the only way to get the key and it's just too punishing a game mechanic. Once you die and enter ghost mode anything you kill can also leave behind a spirt that now tries to kill you. Basically you need to kill everything twice now which gets you overwhelmed very easy. The only way to leave this ghost mode is to find a magic circle that raises you from the dead at the troll amount of 12 hp and they are rare too 1 per level only and thats if it's there. Now you have to hope that somehow you can find enough food to get out of this 12 hp state but due to the food shortage in game you'd have to play three levels flawlessly to get back to 50hp. What is more likely to happen is you get 1 shotted and go back to ghost mode where everything is harder and when you die again... game over you have to start alllllllllll over again because you never managed to find the keyhole In the next stage somewhere for that key you got.Can't recommend it as it has poor game mechanics like forcing a player to die to save progress.
,Recommended,280040,23256898,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Danger! Flying Objects,"This is an interesting little game.I picked up A Wizard's Lizard because I wanted to try out Binding of Isaac-style gameplay but couldn't stand Isaac's art style at all. Way, way too gross for me. And I think I've gotten my money's worth so far. Full disclosure: I haven't beaten it.Now, the myriad of reviews telling you that this game is simplistic and not nearly random enough to hold long-term appeal... they aren't wrong. The items don't have as much ridiculous variance as in Isaac, there's not nearly enough item interactivity, and almost none of them have Isaac's insane ""what's an upper bound?"" appeal. The level design is far less complex than Isaac's and much more predictable. The enemies are perfectly solid, but a lot of them behave very similarly and overall none of them feel standout.So there's the bad points. That being said, I'd still recommend you try out A Wizard's Lizard, and here's why.First off, it's ten dollars now. It started at fifteen, which was a touch high, and I don't blame people who paid that much feeling a little shortchanged. But ten is a perfectly tolerable price for the amount of gameplay you've got in this game.As for that gameplay... I may not have played Isaac, but I like it better purely on the face of it. The game is plenty hard--as said, I still haven't beaten it--but it never feels like it HATES you. It never wants to kick you while you're down, or feels that's necessary. You have more health, the room layouts are more forgiving... It's still not just going to roll over and die, but it's not hateful.And it IS fun, at least fun enough that I'm still coming back and trying again after ten hours of making it to the Crypt once. It's engaging enough and challenging enough that you feel tested, and I'm STILL unlocking things. If you've been playing Binding of Isaac all these years it may not be nearly as challenging for you, but I couldn't say. And despite the cutsier art style, the story--once you learn it--is actually pretty bloody dark!So, is this game worth buying? I think so. It's not at the TOP of my list, but if you're looking for Binding of Isaac gameplay without having to deal with updates that make the game less fun and a thematic style that's trying too hard, this might be exactly what you're looking for."
,Recommended,280040,28146140,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ExtendedPhenotype,"AWL is a twin-stick shooter/rogue-like that is really, really polished - you can tell that this was a labor of love for the developers. Like most games in the genre, it starts out difficult and becomes easier as you build up your 'town' by rescuing villagers and buying blue prints. Good music, good art, love the sense of humor as well. Verdict: Buy."
76561198038917731,Recommended,280040,10513995,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Asabrasa,A really fun game.If you like games with a lot of uppgrades and some clever tactics. Then this is for you. :D
,Recommended,280040,10585463,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Raeldon,"I've seen a lot up about bugs and bug fixes and i feel bad for the people who have bought this game and haven't had the opportunity to properly play it! I think its a great buy even without the sale and after putting in roughly 7 hours in total i feel like i haven't scratched the surface. Theres a lot going on in each room and it can be tough to navigate through the first section of levels without dying horribly, which I think is great! And WOW, i loved and grew up with the SNES and this is so nostalgic and wonderful."
,Recommended,280040,12329099,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,rebelkixar,"First impressions of the game, its simple and fun. Can make you pretty salty at times, especially when your low on health or sitting good, and you walk into a room that corners you. It makes the runs better the more you save villagers and collect blueprints ( your restarts add cash and weps/armor ) If your feeling prideful just do ""no-buy"" runs but the option is there to buy. It's in a way similar to binding of issac, but if your hardcore into BoI don't expect the exact same thing, it is a different game, thus expect it like that. Overall its a nice / aggravating game, I'd recommend it."
76561198054169083,Not Recommended,280040,11383169,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FaaJun,"While the game has a cute asthetic and interesting gameplay aspects (like diagonal shooting and a ghost system that gives you an extra life in exchange for facing more enemies) it ultimately fails at what it is trying to do. A wizard's lizard is ostensibly a rogue-like with randomly generated floors and rooms, but unlike a game like the Binding of Isaac, the rooms are not prefab. In other words, any combination of enemies and traps can be in almost any room. This seems like a cool feature, until you realize that it often leads to unavoidable damage. I've even had spike traps spawn right on top of a door, making it literally impossible to enter the room without taking damage. This wouldn't be a big deal if health was reasonably easy to come by, but it isn't. Health is either randomly dropped by enemies (with a very low chance of doing so) or purchased in stores for a huge amount of money. Money that you need to buy weapons and upgrades that will stop you from taking damage. I'm sure you can see the problem here. Your success in the game is nearly completely predicated on your ability to not take damage, and often times damage is unavoidable. Your hitbox is unclear, so even in the rooms where it is possible to avoid damage you'll still take damage that is not your fault.There is a sort of Rogue Legacy-esque permenant progression in the game, allowing you to gain more starting money and purchase items before entering the game's dungeons. Which brings me to my greatest complaint. The items are almost all worthless in any situation where you would want an advantage. Say you have an enemy that annoys you, owls for instance. And you want to kill them faster. Surely an attack upgrade is what you need? Actually, all the items that i've seen upgrade stats by 1 which is utterly insignificant. Owls (the brown ones at least) have twenty health and your normal attacks deal 10 damage. the most damage upgrades I've been able to stack (filling every single item slot available to me with attack upgrading items) was 6. So no matter how much attack you stack up you will never be able to kill the owl with one attack from a normal weapon.You can get better weapons, but they all have silly drawbacks and often their gimicks will get you killed. While it is fun to find all these different items and see what they do, and this game actually does a better job than Isaac and similar rogue-likes explaining what effects items have, it ultimately falls flat because the only items that make any difference at all are weapons. Almost all your abilities put you too much in harms way and healing is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ the permanent progression turns the early levels into a grind, and the game's difficulty stems far too much from a lack of HP being available and rooms having nearly or completely unavoidable damage on them. I honestly can't recommend this game at all."
,Recommended,280040,13416100,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Mypowerbob,"Confusing, but fun, addicting, and challenging.Unlike most others, i did not come because i play ""Bindings of isaac"" or whatever it is.I came because i got a coupon.7.8/10"
,Not Recommended,280040,10570178,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,chungheezee,"NOt a good game in mho. Runs are all very very similar 'incremental progess' is meaningless. Items don't make much change in game play. Difivulty curve is very high, no difficulty settings. Multiple rooms with unavoidable damage and very few chances to regain health."
,Not Recommended,280040,10551776,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,akarik77,"Repeat almost exactly the same run over and over until you can start with decent items and actually have a chance at success. Progress is stifled, presumably to hide how short the game is.There is value here, but the frustrations outweighed the postives for me. Low number of items, even lower number of useful ones, dodgy hit detection (or at least unintuitive detection) and the slowdown when there are high numbers of enemies ruined it for me."
,Not Recommended,280040,10512837,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Oxynia,"of all the games that i have bought, this was the only game that made me regret for the value. IMO, its too expensive compared to bindings of isaac. Boi is still a better game compared to this,  though there are reviews saying that this is a game that requires skill and not somewhat item dependent, thats true. but that point being that this game is harder and sometimes makes no sense. Healing is a very rare occasion in this game, there are times where you can even not heal a single time for the whole game. Makes it so easy to die. Another point is that this is kind of a ""Grinding"" game where you can start of with better items by buying them before entering the dungeon and getting the blueprint in the dungeon to unlock the specific item, so its a process of repeating to get better items to beat the game, up till now, i've done like 20 runs and beat the game 0 times. Please try out the game before buying. What u see might not be what u get."
,Recommended,280040,24109951,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,lightshow,This is a charming little twin-stick shooter/dungeon crawler/rogue-lite featuring a lizard on a quest to save his wizard. The art is endearing and the game overall feels very lovingly crafted. An average run takes anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour.
76561198182000346,Recommended,280040,34015320,Posted: 4 August,all,scry blooper,"Simple, yet intense. I quite like the art style, I also realy apreciate the secret passage system as it cuts out some of the repetitiveness. It took me a while to complete, but once i did, boy did i feel a sense of acomplishment. i definitley reccomend it."
,Recommended,280040,15676617,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,goblin girl,"A Wizard's Lizard is a pleasant, vaguely Zelda-like procedurally generated action game. You play the familiar of a wizard who has been abducted by Death, and you must find your way through a series of dungeons to face down the monster and rescue him.Naturally, this isn't something you're going to be able to do on a single life. For most of your attempts at the game you're going to be gathering money, paying to upgrade the village store, rescuing villagers who will then assist you the next time you play, and learning how best to handle the various traps, monsters, and bosses you face. Expect to die, die, die, die, DIE, each time starting your next game with a few more options than last time.Additional note: If you wanted to play The Binding of Isaac but that game's blood-soaked graphics and child abuse theme turned you off, A Wizard's Lizard has similar mechanics (if not as much variety in power-ups) and, for me, scratches the same itch."
76561198044434872,Recommended,280040,15629477,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Brdwaydog,"8/10Its a good fun hard game.PROSIts a fun game with alot of items and monsters, it is challenging and fast paced.Graphics arent bad for what it is, its worth the money. Replayability is good especially becasue of the style of game it is.CONSIf i could exit and save it would be better (but it would erase after i die). Even after the level or at a check point.Sometimes you have to walk away, and cant just have the game up the whole time. So basically you have to one shot the game to win, which is fine. But one shotting is different than one sitting."
,Recommended,280040,11355442,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Doomsdrzej,"An incredibly fun and addictive game which sports what has to be the worst performance of any game I've ever purchased. How such a simplistic game can chop so heavily on an i5-3470 with 16GB RAM and a GTX 660Ti is beyond me. The game's programmers truly need to work on their skills. Additionally, its difficulty level is way too high. It's nice that the enemies I kill drop so much money but is it really necessary for it to absolutely never be health?"
,Recommended,280040,15753885,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,mikker,"While the game occationaly feels unbalanced and unfair, and the achievements are almost all very hard to get, playing Wizard's Lizard is fun. And that's really all that matters."
76561198038680819,Recommended,280040,14787743,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SkepticRaven,"This game is most commonly compared to the binding of isaac. They are both shooter roguelikes, but the similarities just about end there.You have a primay thrown weapon, a time-based reusable totem, and a third soul weapon.Careful planning and synergies between well timed usage of these can make the game a walk in the park. Each combination has a key way of making them function well rather than relying on game-breaking synergies from random generation that other roguelikes often do.Also, lizards are awesome."
,Recommended,280040,12200933,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AyekaLooter,"As a huge fan of rogue-like / rogue-light / twin stick shooters, i had high hopes for this game.  Unfortunately, going in with such high expectations left the game feeling a little light.  That being said, the game isn't Isaac, it shouldnt be compared to that experience, and once i got that out of my mind - I was left with a really fun and challenging game.  You'll die, you'll die a lot... but stick it out and ""get good"" and you'll have a great time."
,Not Recommended,280040,13723133,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Monstercade,"A Wizard's Lizard is a cute little roguelite very comparable to The Binding of Isaac. The two games share a handful of qualities, such as an insubstantial plot, permanent death, procedural generation of items and rooms, and meta-progression in the form of unlocking new items.Unlike TBOI, AWL doesn't permit you to pick up a jillion items. Most items fall into a slot, such as head or feet, and you can only have one item in a slot. As such, there are likely fewer overpowered combinations of items. Actually, in general, the power of items in AWL is a bit more balanced than in TBOI.Combat goes beyond just shooting - you can place totems, which stick around for a short while and usually provide some kind of AoE effect. You can also use a soul ability, which requires a resource that you don't regenerate and must find lying around the dungeons, unlike totems. These abilities are generally more powerful effects, like invincibility and time slowing.As for your competition, the enemies you face tend to be very numerous as opposed to individually powerful. They aren't terribly tanky and most of them aren't particularly fast(or their shots aren't fast for those that throw things). Generally speaking, the enemies are not very imaginative, but at least most of them are not carbon copies.AWL curbs the random factor when compared to other roguelites like TBOI and FTL. This, in my book, is a negative. In particular, it doesn't feel like there's much randomness in map generation. For instance, it appears there's always one and only one room full of owls on one of the Cemetery levelsand there's always a place to revive in Cemetery 2.Many other room layouts seem to occur with the exact same frequency between runs.The diversity of items is okay. There don't appear to be many items that will drastically change the game - something like flight or brimstone in TBOI. On the plus side, you can go to your inventory screen for a rough description of what each item does, and you'll eventually memorize them since there are prefixes that always mean the same thing(Dark Iron Helm, Dark Iron Boots, Dark Iron Gauntlets are all +10 health).The game's music is not too bad, but it really just doesn't fit the game's environment. The art for the game is cute and simple for some sprites, but in some places it just feels lazy.AWL's optimization is quite subpar. There is no reason for graphics this simple to be lagging an i5-3570k/GTX 660. There are only a few toggles for graphic settings(fullscreen, particles, lighting, screen shake) and switching them did not alleviate the occasional lag.A few other miscellaneous thoughts:- The hub area that you start in makes the game feel a lot like some Kongregate MMORPG.- Levels feel bigger than they should be, given how little you usually find in them. In TBOI, I wouldn't hesitate to go back and forth between a blood donation machine and an arcade 15 rooms apart, because there's a chance it would be worth something and it doesn't take forever to traverse rooms. In AWL, a similar attempt to maximize profit would take eons, because the rooms are much bigger, they tend to have more obstacles, and it takes a lot longer to load into the next room, rendering the value of backtracking to explore that last path debatable at best.- M and I open the map and inventory, respectively, but they won't close it. You have to press ESC. -1In the end, I can't really recommend this, especially not over other roguelites, like TBOI, FTL or Dungeons of Dredmor. Itissomething different, and I enjoyed discovering new things for a little bit, but it wore off when I discovered how little power the RNG has in AWL. 5/10"
76561198063522281,Not Recommended,280040,14247263,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Ravoria,"This game is, for all intents and purposes, a completely inferior Binding of Isaac. You've got the same basic rougelike setup, and the game seems promising at first, but eventually it becomes obvious how many crippling design flaws the game has. If you haven't played Isaac play that instead, and if you have I'll describe this game in terms of Isaac except with:-Needlessly large rooms, so that you can't see everything at once.-Uninteresting item progression. Instead of stacking buffs, you find new weapons and standard RPG equipment that you have to swap out. This could work, except because of how the macrogame works after a couple of games you'll start off with more or less everything you need for the playthrough and be locked into one specialization, and since the equipment doesn't have tiers 90% of what you find will be useless.-Weaker gameplay. Isaac gave you all sorts of chances to kite and poke your enemies, but you were usually still at some risk while you do it. In this game, most enemies have no way to retaliate to ranged kiting, and one of the gameplans (specializing into totems) lets you create a proxy that kills everything while you hide in the corner. Worst of all, this seems to be the best strategy, and it's pretty bad to go into a Rougelike thinking ""well if I'm lucky I'll find the beehive totem and spend the next 30 minutes hiding while my swarm of +8 bees clears the rooms for me"".-No sustain. This seems to be the core problem with the combat, since because the game refuses to give you any significant amount of healing items, if your gameplan has any chance of taking damage you're eventually going to die (hence sitting in the corner while your proxy totem kills everything). Food is rare (you might get one piece as a drop per game and it heals you for about one hit worth of hp and it takes a whole floor worth of gold to buy the same amount from the shop) and even the health potion you get after bossfights is pretty underwhelming. I can sort of see why someone thought this was a good idea; it shows off the game's afterlife gimmick (which I liked until I realized it was the reason there's no way to sustain yourself), but at the cost of any combat strategy other than ""take no damage ever"".-Fewer rewards. You don't get free items at all unless you find them randomly (which are still more common than the food, but an Item Room would be a lot more satisfying), and there's only a boss every 3 floors. That means you're essentially limited to what you find, what you buy from the store, and what you start the game with, and since you can start with a full matched set of equippment you'll probably just buy/find a weapon or two and have your optimal build with no effort.-Set Bonus in a Rougelike. Since you're filling equippment slots you're going to end up shoehorned into one playstyle because if you try to complete a set instead of just starting the game with it, odds are you'll never find all the different parts. Most agregious is the Trickster equippment, which increases the damage done by Trickster weapons; you can't start the game with any of this (unless it unlocks later) which means that if you pick up a Trickster item, you have to hope you somehow find enough of the others to make it worthwhile. I think there are 5 items and a weapon, and I see maybe two per playthrough.-Same Bosses every game. You only meet them every 3 floors, but it's always the same fights. The bosses aren't especially bad, although they all have cheesy moves that you're not going to be able to dodge if they decide to use them, and as I said this is a game where you aren't allowed to take damage.That more or less sums it up, and even though there are things I like about this game, the list above was more than enough to make me give up on it. For something that follows the same formula as Isaac, I question whether the developer has actually played Isaac because this game has so many issues that Isaac dealt with much better. A different genre of game could get away with this, but top-down shooters are really only about one thing: how well designed the gameplay is, and the gameplay here needs a lot of love."
76561197978859309,Not Recommended,280040,14727443,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Big Balls Richy,"A very poorly planned game. Upgrades seem to do nothing. Weapons barely make a difference aside from bees and spears.  running the same levels over and over repeatedly wears thin very quickly. Lack of any kind of progression outside of unlocking almost worthless blueprints in the shop makes it a boring grind. Also has FPS issues, especially when using the mouse to aim. A lot of wasted potential here."
76561198077546241,Recommended,280040,15517120,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Wartartar,"Finally killed the shopkeeper with an OP bee weapon,Gets killed by projectile of a torch11/10 IGN would kill shopkeeper for bees again"
,Recommended,280040,10499630,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,JinXeD™,"Really fun and cool game , similar to binding of issac/zelda as northern lion says, but they add a nice twist to the genrei wont spoil too much but vey very fun, can see myself play hours and hours of this!good job devs"
,Recommended,280040,15021356,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Cool_Hand_Flash,"Lost Decade Games has giving the world a real gem of an instant classic with A Wizards Lizard.The art style seem to devide people, but the gameplay sure doesn't. The little Lizard Raga walks, shoots, turns, scoots and everything else right on cue. Its one of those rare games where if you die, its your own dang fault.Level layout is great too, viewed from a near top down (Isaac style). Theres so many dead ends that can lead to certain death or a ton of gold, or maybe even a weapon upgrade. The thrill of finding one of your favorite weapons in a random chest after a tough room is amazing. In my case finding a trident makes my run instantly better.I absolutely love the whole ""you die and get a second chance as an angel lizard while you can be resurrected and keep going""-bit. I also really like the fact that the ghosts of all your slain enemies can come back to haunt you the spirit world! Making you choose between disturbing the dead and possibly get more money, or letting them rest in peace and have fewer enemies when you die.. cause you will. A lot.If you enjoy games like Binding of Isaac, Spelunky, Rogue Legacy I'm betting you'll like this cute little Lizards adventures as well."
,Not Recommended,280040,11460705,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Leuphe,"Monsters need a lot of tweaking and rebalancing. Items are dull and samey. Health is too rare/too expensive, even for being able to avoid hits. Many mechanics of the game are inadequately explained. Not as fun as many other roguelikes. Just buy Binding of Isaac. :/"
76561198060221546,Not Recommended,280040,10519726,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,seymour47,"I really want to recommend this game, but in it's current state I just can't. I love the look and the premise. There are some really great things about this game, but there are some major deal breakers as well.Unfortunately, there are some issues as well. If you have a lower end/older computer don't even bother. You will very quickly get to a level where there is so much on the screen that your frames will drop to almost nothing and make it impossible to play at even a reasonable level.My other issue is that there are many rooms that are just complet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You walk in and are surrounded by about 20 enemies instantly and have literally no chance to avoid taking massive damage and possibly dying.At this point, I hope the devs can patch it and fix the game so it works and is reasonably difficult without going too far. Sadly, I really don't expect it to happen."
,Recommended,280040,12480785,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,"Binding of Isaac with less junk to unlock, smoother and less arbitrarily punishing gameplay, and fewer juvenile memes.  You'll see most of what's on offer in a few playthroughs but they'll at least be fun"
,Recommended,280040,13097689,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dfrag,Love this game!
76561198054501757,Recommended,280040,11397327,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Meruiti,A great game for killing time. Though it is lacking in balance and even after 20h of playing it I haven`t yet won. It also could be because I am a massive noob.
,Recommended,280040,10533532,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hyze,"Pretty cute rogue-lite game similar in style to The Binding of Issac. Plays smoothly with similar rooms extending across multiple plays, but deceptively challenging and skill-based. Some mechanics seem pretty unique, such as allowing you to continue playing as a ghost after your first 'death', which opens up some elements of the game that are only available to you as a ghost. The main playable character, Raga, is adorable. Has some mechanics similar to Rogue Legacy and other similar games that allow you to accrue larger amounts of gold across plays, with which you can purchase items. The game could use more variability in rooms, but overall it is a rewarding experience. You can pick up and play a short run for ~10-20 minutes, or play for hours at a time. If you're a fan of rogue-lite games, I highly recommend you give this one a chance."
76561198038821244,Recommended,280040,10545193,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pabu,"A little short once you get the hang of it, but is easily a ton of fun and something you can spend many hours playing over and over. Well worth ever cent."
,Recommended,280040,10568223,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kingphilip55,"A Wizard's Lizard is a really fun, action rogue-like game. The art style is fantastic and you never know what you're going to find. Like Rogue Legacy, the game gives you extra abilities over multiple play throughs which really takes the game from being unbeatable (at least without LOTS of practice) to something that draws you into that ""one more time"" mentality. Eventually I will beat this game!"
76561197993052817,Recommended,280040,10639466,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tomcentrate,"Its a great game, would recommend if you liked Binding of Isaac."
76561198047143384,Recommended,280040,10695599,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ENCR0ACHER,"This game surprised me.It features some things from the Rogue-like genre with Permadeath and RNG elements of dungeon layout and power ups found. It also has a progression to it tho that slowly, over time, you will become stronger and stronger with being able to suit up each life before going into the dungeon. Similar to the way you slowly get stronger in Rogue Legacy if you've played that rogue-like-like.Controls are solid wether its gamepad or keyboard and mouse. As of this writing there is some frame loss and stutters which can happen at the worst times in packed rooms, but they have been acnowledged by the dev and hopefully will be adressed soon.Should provide a good dollar to hours of entertainment ratio.[Offical Chops Seal of Approval]"
,Recommended,280040,10714515,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jacq,"Edited July 3rd: As of update 2.0.12, all game-breaking bugs have been fixed. Recommendation changed. This is a fun, tough little action-roguelike. There are still a few small issues like slowdown when there are too many mobs on the screen, but nothing that makes the game impossible. It seems like the devs are still working on balancing bosses as I've noticed huge swings in their difficulty between this update and the last one. Progress is VERY incremental, as you slowly save villagers and buy blueprints to give yourself a better run. Some of the items look really similar, and the names are not displayed before you purchase them, so it can be frustrating thinking you were buying a Helmet of somethingorother when it turns out to be a Helmet of someotherthing.If you liked Binding of Isaac or classic LoZ, try this one.I am including my original review below. Most of the issues are no longer applicable, but they still existed in a $15 game:I'm surprised this isn't labelled Early Access (I wouldn't have purchased it if it were).In the 70 minutes I played, there were no less than 3 game breaking bugs I experienced multiple times each.1. On Win7, game must be run in XP compatibility mode or you get only a black screen on launching.2. Sometimes when hitting an exploding barrel the game crashes to desktop3. Sometimes (for no discernable reason) the game's visuals will freeze. You can hear the menu options and run into things, but the screen is frozen.These kind of bugs are totally unacceptable in a roguelite, or any game with permadeath. Hopefully the devs will be able to get it patched fairly soon, but it's pretty frustrating that this is for sale on Steam as is without a ""beta"" or ""early access"" tag, considering how buggy it is.All that said, the bits of the game I got to play are pretty fun. The controls are very similar to The Binding of Isaac, though movement is a bit less slippery and shooting a bit more precise (due to the controller support adding 4 more aiming directions, and the projectiles not taking on any of your own character's momentum.) It's a shame the bugs make it unplayable. Once it gets patched up I think it'll be a fun little action RL."
76561198064941281,Recommended,280040,10782612,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Calisipher,"QUICK REVIEW -If you enjoy randomly generated dungeons with only one life, similar to spelunky, then there's a good chance that you'll enjoy this game and should definitely pick it up.LONG REVIEW -You find yourself playing as Raga, a wizard's familiar, who has to save his master after his kidnapping by death. Each level of the dungeon is randomly generated and you always have to keep an eye out for any chance to improve your future dungeon runs and think about how best to spend your gold. For example there are blueprints for weapons you can buy in town before a run and lost villagers who will contribute to your starting amount of gold. Even though you only have one life per dungeon, death isn't the end. You keep going through levels as a ghost which can be both to your advantage and disadvantage. As a ghost you can get items you can't obtain while alive (keys, etc.), though you will face more enemies in the form of ghosts of enemies you've slain. To revive yourself you merely have to find a revival sigil in one of the floors of the dungeon. This presents an interesting choice, kill yourself to get special items and try to revive yourself, or play it safe and keep as much health as possible for the boss. This game reminds me a lot of playing spelunky with its random item merchants, one life per dungeon and addictive gameplay. The only features of the game that I didn't like where that you can't see what an item is before you buy it, you have to memorize what item has what perks, and that there is no way to bring up the map without having to pause the game. Overlooking these points, I really enjoyed this game and have found it quite addictive to play. I definitely recommend picking it up."
76561197965717721,Recommended,280040,10918374,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Da5id,Easily addictive
76561198056964659,Recommended,280040,11142141,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SnipesXP,"supah fun, like a harder BoI but with mouse controls"
76561198046606181,Recommended,280040,11335949,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ConkerPrime,"Only buy it when it's $5.00 or less, otherwise it's pretty much a rip-off.If you're into roguelikes with some sort of progression system implemented in them, then this game should provide a quick thrill for a few dozen hours, although it's not close to rivaling the better roguelikes on the market.Combat system is alright, nothing to special say about it, follows pretty close to how combat works in Binding of Issac.The game tries to go for a Link to Past vibe with its music although it gets redundant after a while.One of my biggest complaints about the game is how crammed it feels sometimes, since your character appears to take up 1/20 of the screen at times, which is a pretty signifcant amount of leg-room taken up.What's even more annoying is that there are many enemies who appear off-screen to you but can detect and charge it you without you noticing, making it seem like soom rooms have pretty cheap shots.The game also doesn't have much complexity to it, feels very simple in design and there's an extremely small variety of boss battles.6/10."
76561198067479076,Recommended,280040,10537304,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cheeseburger Fingers,"Alright, after many more hours with this game I am amending my previous review.I previously said that the equipment you get makes such a small difference it's unnoticable.  I take that back.  The equipment that raises your attack speed and your overall speed definitely make a noticable difference.  The equipment I have a problem with is the spiked set.  Raising your damage by 1 really doesn't do anything to help you, and it's much more worthwhile to wear, say, the Ranger set to increase your mobility or the lead set to increase your HP.  Spiked set should add more offense.I also said that the never-changing layout was dull.  I fully retract that comment.  The more I play the game, the more I'm thankful that the layout (i.e., blueprints always on the same floor, pentagram always on the same floor, townsperson always on the same floor) stays the same, so I know what I should be looking for each floor.Now that I'm at the point where I'm nearing the crypt, my only real problem other than the spiked set is the slow down.  In the sewers, the slowdown (which I believe is caused by the poison traps in the walls) makes things very difficult, borderline unplayable.  After fighting the boss of the sewers five times in a row and each time having my run end unfortunately with a massive slowdown, it begins to get frustrating.Other than that, this game has grown on me quite a bit, I find it a blast, and I would recommend it to anyone.  Hopefully there are tweaks to come."
,Recommended,280040,11105778,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Explogan,"I am a massive fan of Binding of Issac and have played a lot of rogue-likes since then which have all tried to emulate the same style of gameplay but either end up feeling too similar or too different to really scratch that itch.A Wizard's Lizard is a perfect mash-up of BOI and Rogue Legacy, while bringing some of it's own very creative ideas to the table. The Rogue Legacy trend of persistent improvement has often fallen into the trap of making your character too powerful or over-ruling the skill aspect. With A Wizard's Lizard it feels like the equipment that you unlock and the gold that you build up is all about building the character you'd like to play as, while being very balanced. If you want a lot of offense, you'll need to sacrifice attack rate and you won't have much money left over to increase your other stats. It also saves the frustration that can occur with random generation and not getting the items that you most enjoy playing with.Highly recommend AWL, it has gamepad, keyboard and Mouse & keyboard support - the latter has surprised me as my favourite, but having an aiming reticle has gotten me out of the BOI trap of only shooting in 4 directions. There's also a really interesting second life mechanic which is used in some creative ways - yet to figure it out!Love it, I know I'll sink a lot of time into it."
,Recommended,280040,15198686,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ThatFenis,BE A WIZARD'S LIZZARD AND KILL UNDEAD FRANKS THAT ARE STEALING YOUR WIZZARD......GET HIM BACK HES A DAMESL INS DISTRELLSS
76561197999301009,Not Recommended,280040,11395238,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,JD Ickshot,"I thought this would be my kind of game, and I'm not giving up on it completely yet, but it has been disappointing.  I got it with a 50% off coupon at least, and I would not recommend anyone get it until it goes down to the 5 dollar area.  The random dungeon crawling element is great, but the combat system is too simplistic for my taste.  You simply shoot and dodge projectiles, that's it.  The weapons all seem the same, shooting straight, some go farther, shorter, slower, faster etc.  It's basically Realm of the Mad God in a dungeon setting."
76561198123542029,Recommended,280040,17338191,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,TwitchYoyomajiin,"just something i wanna say about most of these reviews, if youre into the most random game possible dont get this game, if you are looking for a fun cutesey little game to play i highly reccomend it"
76561198082737010,Recommended,280040,13952628,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,IWrote,"Great game! played it only a few times, but it was amazing!"
76561198093826714,Recommended,280040,10810502,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,JX241,Fun but very tough and very skill dependant. Don't rely on your items to carry you and always be aware of your surroundings. Success or failure is entirely in your hands.
,Recommended,280040,12229510,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,GrangerX,"It's basically The Binding of Isaac minus the overtly provocative anti-religious/scatalogical imagery.  So, safe(r) for kids, at least. It includes a 'Museum' aspect that catalogues all the monsters/items you've found for the completionist/OCD crowd."
76561197968621542,Not Recommended,280040,10689008,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Burne,"The game looks great and has a lot of potential.  Ultimately however, the combat isn't strong enough or varied enough to carry an entire game.  It's not particuarly challenging, there's very little variety between runs and the pick ups have very little effect on the game.If you're after another Isaac, I'm afraid you're better off looking elsewhere."
,Recommended,280040,12282224,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DragonPupps,A very fun quick game that's easy to understand and not that hard to play. It gets slightly easier as more money is given as more villagers are found.
76561197982727216,Not Recommended,280040,12271254,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,alanisman1,"Sorry, maybe I'm spoiled by Binding of Isaac, but this game just feels like it is missing something for me.  I don't feel like I'm progressing by playing the game over and over, and like others have said, the items just seem less important than they should.  Granted, I've only played for a small amount, but I wasn't as impressed as I was hoping.  Glad I got it on sale, but really wish I wouldn't have bought it.Score:  4/10"
,Recommended,280040,13068170,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Troll-Stolle,Simply a fun game. What I don't is that it has a low resolution and the controls are a bit bulky.
,Recommended,280040,13365723,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Albino NoseLord,"i really liked the binding of isaac but i found a bit to disturbing, the i discovered this game. it was like TBOI but not disturbing. it was pretty much the perfect game for me. there are a few problems but not any that are so bad its unplayable. i think you should put it on your wish list. 10/10"
76561198057566481,Not Recommended,280040,14540355,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Croak90,"10 hours. I think I have 17 losses, not a single win. Haven't unlocked a single other character. I'll put it bluntly. The game is too hard in all the wrong ways. Damage upgrades are rare, and health restoration is even more rare. You can die and keep playing as a ghost, but if you die as a ghost it's over. Irritating bit, some things are only accessible as a ghost. Also, there's only 1 revival circle per dungeon. Instead of making the game more difficult by adding in enemies with better attack patterns later on, they just pile on bullet sponges that do more and more damage to you. The amount of progress you make in advancing your town per run is extremely minimal, even when you do make it to the Crypt (the last dungeon) because any blueprints you buy have a huge random factor to them based on the fact you don't know what the blueprint is for and you might not have enough money to buy it anyways. You can only rescue 1 towns person per dungeon, adding a measly 500 gold to your starting gold that you can use to buy items in town. (A pretty basic item goes for around 1000-3000 gold, the better ones are more like 10k). The game is enchanting at first, but after 10 hours of making so little progress I'm completely uninterested in even trying to beat the game.tl;dr: Go buy one of the Binding of Isaacs."
,Not Recommended,280040,13885706,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Greed,"Cheap version of the Binding of Isaac, that costs more.2.5/10"
76561198026299729,Not Recommended,280040,20457230,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Shhh No More Tears,"TL;DR rating:[2/5] ""An inferior Binding of Isaac clone""-Only buy if it is heavily discountedPretty much just that. This game immedieatly feels like it was trying too hard to be the binding of isaac. Now im not knocking the dev for wanting to emulate a good game, but ultimately this game doesnt add enough new stuff to the genre set it appart, and doesnt quite deliver on the basics to be satisfying.Graphics: Enemies super generic, sprites are too cartoony, almost feels like they were ordered from ""Generic-Sprites-R-Us""Sound: Equally generic and kinda... almost too upbeat. Makes it hard to take seriously.Controls: Decent, features mouse and controller support, but the controller analog sensitivity is too high, needs a activation threshhold.Gameplay: Boring... like really boring.This game feels like a student project to make a Binding of Isaac clone. It adds a FEW new things like a persistent town hub where you can buy stuff for your run. You can save townsfolk in the dungeons and each one adds persistent starting gold with which to buy items at the beginning of the run. Also you have equipment slots so you have to pick and choose what items you want, you cant just stack all the collectables you want. But other than that it is pretty much inferior in every other aspect to its source material.Im not trying to knock the dev either, I understand not every game will be a masterpiece, but it is hard to recommend spending money on something that isnt really that fun. This game got boring extremely fast and I'm a pretty patient guy. Even on the holiday sale price im a little bummed I bought it.If you REALLY just want to try it out, then get it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,280040,11008910,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Renegade,Plays a lot like Rogue Legacy meets The binding of isaac
,Recommended,280040,10524067,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,WASDragon,PLUSES:+ Nice gameplay+ A lot of weapons+ Random levels+ Awesome bosses!+ Few and very hard achievements
76561198015261590,Recommended,280040,10891615,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DarkMist,"Addictive, much like the Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,280040,11128330,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Y0SH1 M4S73R,"9/10 it's the Dark Souls of Rogue-lites -IGNAll sarcasm aside, I find this game to be so addicting. While I personally lack the discriminating tastes necessary to judge graphics, I can say several things about the gameplay.The dynamic of the life/death system seems to have quite a lot of potential, but instead it is relegated to somewhat pointless difficulty spikes and a requirement for advancing certain secrets. We could see updates that add more use to this mechanic, however.The item variety is far from that of it's next nearest cousin, The Binding of Isaac, and the item synergies are practically nonexistant. The fact that there are 9 kinds of items in which two of the same kind are mutually exclusive (as opposed to 1/2 in Isaac), the game feels restrictive with regards to how you will built your character, practically demanding that you min-max.I've been rather harsh on this game, but that doesn't mean I dislike it. There are several factors that actually make this game fun for me. For instance, the controls are very solid. When playing with keyboard and mouse, I know that any mistakes I made were a result of poor reflexes in all but a few cases, in which you aren't exactly given an opportunity to react fast enough.The progression system also adds a sense of worth to even your worst runs, assuming you can get at least one blueprint and/or save one villager, which gets easier as you become better. This system makes the game even more addictive than it already is; my quote about this game being the Dark Souls of rogue-lites is actually quite accurate, since the game is punishing until learned, and still difficult once learned.A Wizard's Lizard is a solid title despite it's somewhat restrictive nature. If it weren't for the fact that The Binding of Isaac serves as a baseline for games like this, it would be even greater in my eyes. I can't recommend this to everyone, but if you're a rogue-lite fan who feels burnt out on The Binding of Isaac, or just wants a fresh look on the sub-genre, I'd say that you should consider picking this game up.I'm also going to add that the protagonist, Raga, is cute as a button."
76561198052517458,Recommended,280040,14413488,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Bliss,"Obvious comparison to The Binding of Isaac, but doesn't quite deliver as hefty a punch as Isaac does in replay value. It's definitely fun, but this game is less about crazy item combinations with insane synergies and more about gathering armor and weapons. There is permanent progression similar Rogue Legacy, so eventually you get to the point in the game where loot gathering isn't really relevant. From there, all the game has to offer is the gameplay, which you will probably be bored with by the time you get to that point. It's worth the $10 for the 25-30 hours of gameplay you'll probably get out of it, but don't expect to play this game endlessly."
,Recommended,280040,16711823,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,eric.lifka,"This is a fantastic rogue like action brawler. A lot of people compare it to Binding of Isaac, but the look and feel are much more appealing here, and in my opinion the game play flows better and is just more fun in general."
76561198115557715,Not Recommended,280040,14787238,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Horchata,"I feel like this game tries too hard to be The Binding of Isac, yet they fall so short. The gameplay is slower and, to me, it didn't ever feel like there was any direction in the game. I never felt the drive to go and find or do new things. The one redeeming quality is the artstyle, wich looks fan-friggen-tastic. 6/10"
,Recommended,280040,25671839,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gest,"Funny, but not so long as you would like. Also not so random as you can expect. Anyway, nice game to have."
76561198077825512,Recommended,280040,11864778,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Blamedfungus999,"Like The Binding of Isaac and other rogue-like dungeon crawlers, then this is the game for you."
76561197995158485,Not Recommended,280040,15743660,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Searanox,"A Wizard’s Lizard is a rogue-like that resembles Link to the Past in its design. In it you play as Raga, a wizard’s pet lizard. Your master tries to cheat death and Death comes to take him personally. It’s up to you to go and rescue him.The town of Amberfall is all but deserted when you start, but you can find villagers as you traverse the dungeons in search of your master. Each villager you find will increase your starting gold by five hundred. So, if you save ten people, you’ll start each run with 5000 gold to spend. You also find blueprints, which eventually make every item in the game accessible. With enough patience and enough townsfolk rescued, you can unlock almost every item in the game and have enough money to outfit yourself before you even step into the dungeon itself.Like most rogue-likes, A Wizard’s Lizard is randomly-generated in almost every aspect. Random dungeon layouts with random monsters with random loot and random rewards. All of which goes down the tubes when you die. There’s no reward for skill or progress beyond saving townsfolk and recovering blueprints so you have access to more items. There are shortcuts, which can be unlocked by destroying giant killer crystals, multiple times. But other than that, it’s just running the same random rooms over, and over, and over again. I’m just not impressed.There are nine levels in all, spanning a Graveyard, a Sewer, and a Crypt. There are others but darn if I couldn’t find them but once in a blue moon. I only ever got as far as the first area of the crypt. The random nature of the game along with the dwindling chance for health items as you go makes for a nearly impossible path from start to finish. The best you can hope to do is just open all the short cuts so that you start out further along than normal. This game suffers from a lot of strange issues. Let me count them out:-Occasionally the controls will lock up and have you running upward forever.-The aiming retical here is NOT on top of everything like it should be, you can lose it in a crowd.-There are a rather large number of enemies that can’t be harmed when they’re sitting still.-There are weapons in the game that can kill you if used improperly.-There are zero enemies in the game that can be killed in one hit, even with top weapons and armor.-The game keeps track of all the enemies you’ve killed and items found when this could’ve just been done on a menu screen to track progress. Instead it’s a weird museum-statue area.The unique mechanic that comes with this game is dying. When Raga dies he becomes a ghost and suddenly you must fight both the living and the dead enemies in every room. Handfuls of living enemies turn into spirits, skeletons, and flaming skulls. So, if you wander into a room and you’re already dead chances are you’ll have to kill most everything twice. This isn’t fun, it’s tedious.Thankfully there are rare resurrection circles. I had to google what they did since the game doesn’t tell you— but if you stand in one while in ghost form you’ll be brought back to life with some of your health. But, if you die as a ghost the game’s over. You lose all your items, money, and progress. Like nothing mattered.I can go ahead and say I couldn’t beat this game, it’s just not for me. I made it seven levels in and it wasn’t from lack of trying. I didn’t get a single one of the game’s difficult achievements. I didn’t save the wizard, and I never even made it to the final boss. The increasing difficulty and the decreasing of health-items makes the game harder than it should be. Combine this with bad weapon-balancing, mobile obstacles, and the random nature of the beast and you’ve got a recipe for frustration more than you do for fun. Avoid this one."
,Recommended,280040,19647323,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,play for fun,"Little hard, but this game is good."
76561198047622972,Recommended,280040,10539116,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,royfire123,Cool game
76561198074591949,Recommended,280040,10827185,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kl beenz,sweet game if a bit grindy
76561198050184915,Recommended,280040,10666694,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jason Bellond,"Have no fear Raga belmort is here, ok the chracter is no simon belmort but cuts close to being the dracula slayer of the castlevenia game.the story of this lovable reptile begins with the tail of your wizard atempting to cheat death with you by his side by making a potion that will make both of you live forever but as we all know death is not to be crossed and takes him, and so your bone breaking flesh ripping adventure begins here.the cool and big point of this game is to save the lost villagers who set out to do what you plan to do and by saving them they will add a starting bank  that will be given to you at the start of your next run and bluprints you will be buying in the dungon that will be added to a store at your spawn and allowing you to get some pritty nice start out gear.for all of you who have played the binding of issac you'll feel right at home with this one."
76561198023590841,Recommended,280040,10688582,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bambouselled,10/10 very addicting
,Recommended,280040,10577524,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Reji8627,"very fun game, though kind of tough at the start."
,Recommended,280040,10649132,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lee,Very difficult game.   I feel like the runs don't vary a lot for quite a bit of time.  I do enjoy the challenge though.
,Recommended,280040,10542278,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Yagami Kazuma,This is a fun game
,Recommended,280040,10719958,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MicoJive,"Pretty fun Rouge Like game, 6hrs ish in, start seems a little slow and super repetitive, interesting to see what happens mid/late game."
76561198056735870,Recommended,280040,10827783,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,yourkey64,its a fun game with lots of replayability
,Recommended,280040,11773806,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Obsidian War PJs,"A Wizard's Lizard is what would happen if oldschool Zelda and Rogue Legacy had a child--a child that somehow inherited all the good traits of both parents.  Its gameplay is simple to grasp yet difficult to master.  There's enough discovery to last most players a good long while, and enough items that true mastery won't be immediate.  Episodic areas combine with classic action RPG elements to create something similar to The Binding of Isaac but that stands well on its own."
,Recommended,280040,18346237,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,[Mr101] Lord Dragonbutt,A cute game that can actually prove very frustrating and a little challenging at times. Would recommend it!
,Recommended,280040,15699516,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fancore,"you like binding of isaac?you will like this game.simular graphic style,simular combat style,simular way's of dying,though i think it might be a slightly bit easier."
,Not Recommended,280040,22964133,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MajorGamer,"A Wizard's Lizard is a very simple roguelite, most similar to Binding of Isaac. It mainly differs with the ability to stockpile the town with just about all the items of the game by buying blueprints throughout the dungeon. Saving people in the dungeon ups your starting gold which eventually lets you start off the game with whatever you like.The dungeon itself is your standard fair. The unique thing down there is the ability to still play after dying. After you die, you go into ghost form which makes the ghost enemies able to attack you. If you die again, that is it but you can revive yourself at a circle that is on every level.The enemies themselves are fairly easy. They have simple patterns and die very quickly until the final set of levels. Things are picked up a bit then but not by much.While there is nothing really wrong or bad with the game itself, the big problem is that Binding of Isaac exists. It is a far superior game in every respect. The only way I can recommend this game is if you wanted something simpler and easier."
,Recommended,280040,20419007,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kate,A more realistic version of The Binding Of Isaac.
76561198140826878,Not Recommended,280040,14131075,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Mech,"In opposite to BoI the game feels really monotone due to low item variationand having to do the same thing over and over again. After about 10h of play i still didnt finished a run even once cause the crypt has lots of unfair situations were you get flooded with mobs that got to much health and at the same time traps that get you over and over again.The game system is kinda frustrating: not many means to recover health enemies nearly never drop any recovery items you almost always get outscaled cause most items are useless. Items and health recovery in shops are really overpriced.You have to grind alot. (saving villagers, buying blueprints from shops).In my playtime i also experienced many bugs were you have to restart the game: dashing and get frozen, dashing and get hit by a spiketrap, dashing and spawn a totem = you can restart the game cause your frozen on the spot while dashing forward without any means to break your dash.All in all i would say (even though i bought it in sale for 5$) dont buy it really not worth the money cause there are way better games in this genre."
,Not Recommended,280040,19178581,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,King Jellybean,Kind of a more boring isaac.
,Not Recommended,280040,20333725,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Frowardesque,Very dull. Like Diablo but with fewer numbers and less interesting writing & bosses.
,Recommended,280040,17473341,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,LordXenophon,"A fast-paced, arcade style dungeon crawl with epic loot, except you play as a monster and can keep playing while you are dead. This one is going to be hard to top."
76561198044011319,Not Recommended,280040,18387576,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MoonMan,i just bought this and it sayes Uncaught node.js Error how do i fix it
76561198012712253,Recommended,280040,19979200,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xaanz,I will recommend this to anyone who likes Binding of Isaac for the gameplay.
76561198020929614,Recommended,280040,10507826,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,InvisaWizard,"Polished gameplay, cute graphic style that fits the atmosphere perfectly, you can sleep on a rug, and kick a ball around (two if you get lucky and find an extra in a barrel) at the town. 9/10 Roguelike topdown shooter at its core, with many extra abilities and effects to help you along the way."
76561198102776288,Not Recommended,280040,14635773,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fauxesune,Just... Rather boring if I'm honest and not very rewarding gameplay.
,Recommended,280040,10519478,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,BiskutMentega,"If the wizard had a cat instead of lizard, this game might not even exist.It's  a rogue-lite, you get more starting gold to spend on gears as you proceed through the game. But it does not encourage you to grind like Rogue Legacy. Yes, if you're looking for something like Binding of Isaac, this is it."
76561198065284433,Recommended,280040,10918625,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Deejaypaul,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpSIKBF1IiA
,Not Recommended,280040,20132363,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,oiB,"To Quote marko_ceez,""You may also be interested in this game if you want a 10-20 hour game that you never want to play again."""
,Not Recommended,280040,16698325,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FuzzyPsychoBear,Mac users BEWARE. Crashes quite often. They've been working on a fix for quite some time but now that they are focused on making the sequel it seems likely a fix won't happen.It is fun for the minute or two that you get to play.
,Recommended,280040,16786408,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Silenus,Fun game. Great developers.
,Recommended,280040,20477318,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,魔法のマフォクシー,I never thought that I will hate owls this much one day
,Not Recommended,280040,15965961,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,{D(.Y.)M}  ŦД☈₴ ™  ☚ˬ˯˯ˬ☛,"I not hat this game is bad. It just that their is a game just like it that came out first that is better in every way. The binding of Isaac. This game is almost a clone except of the sluggish movement,  non dodgable attacks, crappy weapons that aren't fun to use and a time to reward ratio that would make the most patient of gamers give up on this game."
,Not Recommended,280040,16408926,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"It's basically the less-quirky version of Binding of Isaac.  Which is really not a good thing, because part of what made Isaac so great was its personality.  Wizard's Lizard has none of that.  No flair, no artistry.  Just some very generic artwork.  The gameplay is reasonably okay, but quickly turns into grinding as you find that most of the fun weapons require a lot of gold.It's not what I would describe as difficult per se, but it's a game that punishes you in some frustrating ways.  Your really cool fun exploding spears also hurt yourself.  Many items have a direct trade-off.  There's gobs and gobs of traps in every room, many of which are just permanent fixtures.  And they're not the sort of thing that feel good to navigate - they're just a nuisance.  It all adds up to gameplay that just wears you down and makes it hard to feel good about putting time into."
76561198074564317,Recommended,280040,10546181,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Conjus,Binding of Isaac but more challenging
,Recommended,280040,10653537,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Delano,Binding of Isaac with a dragon theme.That doesn't mean it's not good fun.
,Not Recommended,280040,10525304,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,this game made me hate owls and damage upgrades and overpriced weapons are horrendous.I give it a bad dragon/10
,Not Recommended,280040,11008268,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jess Crees,"I found this game boring and repetitive. You go through various sections that all look alike and hit things with a sword. You might get some gold, you might not. When you die you become a ghost version of yourself and keep playing until you die again, at which point it's game over. Maybe I'm missing something but this isn't fun. Really, really wish I hadn't paid £10.99 for it, what a waste of money!"
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,280040,11679968,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,eternal jape,"This game always compares itself to an amazing roguelite such as the binding of issac, but no. Randomized elements are dull, dull, dull.The artstyle is cool, sure, do graphics make a good game? No, they don't..Fifteen bucks for this game, and I've only gotten 0.5 hours out of it and Im bored of it already.If you see a ROGUELIKE, for that matter. Yeah, what happened to the hundreds of hours of replayability that a roguelike has? I see nobody with that many hours here. They buy it, and then forget it in their library.Do not purchase this game, the items are repetitive and the level design doesn't seem procedural at all.Also, I hate roguelikes in which you can buy items for your next run, this is why Heavy Bullets isn't as popular as tower of guns for that matter..If you're looking for good roguelikes, I suggest skipping this game."
,Not Recommended,280040,19357313,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,4/10
,Recommended,280040,19979153,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Walt,very fun
,Not Recommended,280040,22056700,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jerkin with other dudes,Just get the binding of isaac instead.
,Not Recommended,280040,19453649,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Darkwell,"This is not a good rogue-like. Or a good rogue-like-like.A rogue-like, in my mind, is defined by high - but not unfair - difficulty. As you progress through a rogue-like, you should become skilled in avoiding enemies, avoiding damage. A rogue-like should force you to become skilled, and you should enjoy yourself by conquering challenges as your skill increases.A Wizard's Lizard has gotten that wrong.You never need to become more skilled. You don't need to learn anything, in fact. I beat the game on my second attempt. Took less than two hours. Well, maybe the additional characters you unlock change things up?No.Unlockable characters are IDENTICAL to the base class; all that changes is starting equipment, which you'll trash within minutes of playing anyway.Well, what else could keep you playing? Increased difficulty? Doesn't exist. Speedruns? Yawn. Achievements? Nothing challenging. Seriously. The achievements for WizLiz are nearly all achievable without significant changes in play or thought.It's just...not a fun game.Don't buy it."
,Recommended,280040,10970172,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shandy,This is pretty fun. It is missing the randomness of Binding of Isaac that sometimes gives you insanely powerful combinations.
,Not Recommended,280040,10521136,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Andros,Not that fun. I regret buying this..
76561197999220020,Not Recommended,280040,10866325,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jfkraken,The art leaves much to be desired and feels pretty much like a slower version of the binding of Isaac. Music is alright though.
,Not Recommended,280040,21397137,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Jin,jhbvm
76561198089672155,Recommended,280040,23771209,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,lyMnD,it's cool try it
76561198119791549,Recommended,280040,23801451,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,JohnR,Great game.
,Recommended,280040,12703161,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Raka,"With 100% lizard and name's Raga.10/10.-Update-It's a Roguelike, how can it possibly go wrong?It may be somehow lack of randomness months(or one year?) ago, but it's fine now.I bought this game because it has a Lizard character and name's Raga.Just imagine the moment I saw this game as 'Raka the Gaming Lizard'.75% of you never understand my feelings."
,Recommended,280040,23427478,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spoopy waldoo,*insue splatoon*UR A WIZARDNOW UR A LIZARDUR NOT A KIDOR A SQUIDLIZARDWIZARDyaaaayyy i did it
76561198025796471,Recommended,280040,10496610,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,RaptorTwitch,"Play as Reptile. TenTen.The Game itself is a masterpiece, too."
76561198063963211,Not Recommended,280040,22486880,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,i'm a scaly i guess
,Recommended,280040,10497257,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,AdmiralDock,I died. 10/10
,Not Recommended,280040,12646973,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,crow inc.,"i thought this game was pretty good. i was actually just palying it, for the first time on my laptop. the game doesn't use cloud, so when i started up i had nothing. i managed to get an awesome run and made it to crypt 2 (though my map says crypt 1). i was having a good time when in a shop i found a new soul attack. i had never gotten far enough to get a soul attack other than the soul burst thing, so i gladly bought the werewolf attack. 2 rooms later, i dash exactly as an ice attack hits me, and suddenly i'm frozen. can't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ even getting hit by a floating skull wouldn't reset me. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to end an epic run. i'm not playing this game again until that♥♥♥♥♥♥gets fixed.if you DO buy this game, just know one thing: magic boomarang OP"
,Recommended,280040,18403406,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,mjenso,"So far, I love that game! It's enough easy for me to painlessly start and enjoy the first level but after that the game ramps up slowly becoming more challenging and more fun! I'm not a huge fan of permadeath, I never liked Binding etc. with complex mechanics and steep learning curve but this one plays great and it knows how to motivate me to try again and again. Every time I master more skills, finish more levels, collect new objects and help more people! Still, I wish to have a ""Story mode"" where user can unlock levels and after death start on the last unlocked level. Yep, I know, it's a different game then but I would play it hard ;) BTW I found that game after listening to LostCast - best game design podcast ever! Thank you guys for your work!"
,Recommended,280040,17760656,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gwenompool,"I heasitate to reccomend this game, honestly. But not because it's bad- rather, it feels badly put together. Various bugs, slowdown problems, and a general feeling of jank permeate the experience, and drag it down somewhat. But, ultimately, it's a good one, and one I'd describe as fun when- or if- you can get past that."
76561198060131525,Recommended,280040,23255992,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,JarFullOfMadness,"Honestly for a while I got frustrated with this game because it was buggy and too hard but with the new updates I've finally completed the game. I'd like to thank the devs, and recommend this game to anybody else who likes hard-permadeath games like Don't Starve and Spelunky. It is pretty hard but very fun."
,Recommended,280040,21224525,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dr. Shenanigans,"a very fun game.despite the inevitable comparisons,I feel like it would be unfair to compare this game to the binding of isaac.-AWL's much more forgiving when it comes to item progression.-actual hidden secrets-lovely music.-skill factors just as much as equipment does.-OP combos still will wreck everything.-watch for traps.-don't play this game in windowed mode if you're using mouse/keyboard.if you like top-down shooters, but couldn't stomach or raged too much with isaac, get this game."
,Recommended,280040,21506447,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,XavierArmstrong,"Very simple controls, which make it a quick to pick up game. Though, it takes quite a good amount of effort before you can progress much easier in it. Make the time and effort that you invest in it well worth it, as you can get better starting items and you learn what playstyle works best for yourself."
76561197996495812,Not Recommended,280040,16570259,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,a9henrik,"This game is... a disappointment.I have been playing a lot of these called ""small"" (indie) games lately and some of them are great, a few are even perfect. So when i saw this game, the trailer, gameplay and the reviews i thought "" wow such a great game i must buy it""... Well ... i did.. and i regret it.This game is weid, its mechanics are bad, story even worst, there is nothing that keeps u addicted in this game. Nothing to make u want to play more and more even though u just died and lost ur progress. Don't get me wrong i love games like that, Binding of isaac, Rogue legacy,... but in those there is always something more to play for in this one there isn't.Summary:Game play is repetitiveEverything is annoyingThere are no goals/story to make u move forward4/10 Wouldn't recommend to anyone. (not even on sale)"
,Not Recommended,280040,14112035,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a rogue like game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou can play with a controller.There is a music volume slidebar available with %.There is a sound volume slidebar available with %.There is a brightness slidebar available with %.You can toggle between fullscreen or windowed mode.You can change the controls on the keyboard.About the game.You are playing with a lizard that is able to throw knives or cast some spells. You play this with keyboard but shoot knives with the mouse cursor. The game looks like ""legend of zelda/Binding of isaac"" as you will move into a room to room killing enemies. You can't go into a different room if the enemies are still alive. There will be shops around the levels but do becareful not to attack the shopkeeper as he will go furious and start attacking you. If you have died you will turn into a ghost and new spots will be open for you. However being a ghost is a secondary life and if you have died as a ghost. It's pretty much game over. Being a ghost form will make it a bit harder for you as there will be more enemies on the screen to fight with too. There are ""revive"" stations so you will turn back in the original form. There is alot of cash scattered around the rooms. Bpss rooms are only after 3 floors.Game is kid friendly.Game is repetitive/stale.Music is okay.Graphics are cartoony.Game is a classic roguelike game.You can unlock new characters.You can unlock new items and purchase them with gold.Boss rooms are only every 3 floors.Other things.Controller is recommended to play the game as it will be smoother.-------------------I Give this game a 5/10"
