user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011816343,Recommended,280160,25857482,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,REDZERO UK,"This is every Tenchu players dream - there's been a real drought of stealth games involving ninja's but this satisfies my hunger for sneaking about and there's a really nice art style to it too.I'm a big fan of the stealth genre and I've been watching this title for a while. I was really gutted when I heard this wasn't coming to Xbox One but I decided I'd give it a go on my PC (I hardly ever buy PC games so you can guess how much I wanted it). I'm happy to say that I'm not disappointed. It's also not particularly expensive and from the few levels I've played so far, it's thoroughly worth £14.99 - £13.49 if you buy it before 11th Oct.I've been making videos for my YouTube channel, so if you're interested in how it plays then my playlist might be worth a look:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1nCuO5R6HvEYIFZsgJK-ogvZ6T9_MLCw*Update 6/10*I do understand some of the negative comments in terms of comparison to Tenchu although I don't necessarily agree; it's not quite the same but it's certainly not miles apart. In my opinion Aragami hold's it's own as a unique title and has a more than competent stealth mechanic. There's definitely a more anime style to it than Tenchu and there are fewer gadgets but to me it shines in it's own way. The heavy emphasis on the use of shadows is really interesting - I've found myself using the ability to zap between shadows several times to get out of tricky situations.Tenchu has never been on PC to my knowledge, so this is likely the closest we'll get; I'm not sure if or when we'll actually see another Tenchu on console as the license seems to have gone AWOL after the last game on the Wii."
76561198030792901,Recommended,280160,28595051,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kadag,"I had previously written a review in which I did not recommend Aragami, primarily because of the boss encounters. With the most recent update I am pleased to say that the developer has addressed every grievance I had, and as such I felt it important to be equally vocal in my recommendation.Aragami is the closest thing to Tenchu since... well, since Tenchu. This is not to say that it is a clone, but rather an homage. It clearly has its own formula and mythos. A true stealther, toe-to-toe confrontation is not an option. Taking a single hit = death. What's more, in the scoring of each level there is an achievement not only for eliminating all threats, but also an equal achievement for killing no enemies whatsoever. I particularly enjoy this deviation from the norm.If you're looking for Ninja Gaiden, wrong place. If you're looking for something like Tenchu but even more focused on stealth, look no further. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,280160,32241138,Posted: 7 June,all,Meltdown,"Very nice stealth game, I like that brute forcing it is not even an option. It is tricky without being annoying (lets face it, many stealth games you get so frustrated by). I was looking for a good multiplayer game to play with my BF and this filled that spot good. I think that it would be kinda boring to play alone though since the most fun for me was having each others backs and doing timed assasinations between us (for example killing targets that see each other)."
,Recommended,280160,25858332,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Symphoenix,"Aragami is a game that starts off slowly, but has great asthetics, themes, and gameplay. the controls are smooth and easy to figure out while playing, and it doesn't feel as though you are being guided along with your hand held. It is a deceptively simple game since you die very easil in one hit. You have to use the shadows to move aroud, plan your actions, and use the powers gained from hidden scrolls across the levels to make your movement easier, make you more combat effective, as well as have a generally fun time with the game. That being said, your base movement speed is slower than I personally would have liked, but the speed of your sprint makes it bearable since, if you choose to kill every enemy, you can get to your next objective quickly with no worries. You can skip all the cutscenes if you wish to just play the game instead of getting immersed in the story, however the writing is well done and overall enjoyable. I recommend this game to anybody to likes steath games, but if you are more into the run and gun style of gameplay, then this probably isn't the game for you."
76561198003381569,Recommended,280160,30436153,Posted: 10 March,all,valefor_sdad,"Remember the Original Thief?When Stealth meant something?This game brings it all back, it is beautiful without being a GPU/CPU hog.If you enjoy killing as much as I do, (from stealth)..this game is for you.Plus it allows you to avoid fights (if that is your thing as well)But wait... there's more!Now it has a level editor and Steam Workshop...(this sounds like a buy it moment to me)."
,Recommended,280160,25857573,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SuperGibbon,Do you like being stealthy?Do you like ninjas?Do you like magical powers?Do you like using all of the above to kill your way through levels? (although you can complete each level without killing anyone)If you answered yes to the above this game is for you.
76561198126975019,Recommended,280160,25857900,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"I want to start by saying a few things...This game is amazing, no I wasn't expecting it to  be as good as it is.You're going to have to play this game repeteadly if you truly want to get everything from it.If you ever feel lost in-game feel free to press down in the d-pad.With all of that being said let me start explaining why I think this is a great game.Aragami it's a game that clearly takes a lot of different cues from plenty of other stealth games, by the end of each level you get a grade, simillarly to how you would in Tenchu or in Dishonored, maybe even in some of the Metal Gear games, the aesthetic represents this perfectly by sharing an uncanny ressemblance to Tenchu, as well as some of the aspect of the gameplay being very similar to the ones of other games with a couple of incredible twists.You can only refill your ""power bar"" by staying in the shadows, if you leave the shadows your bar, represented in the form of a white symbol in your cape, will begin depleting, it's never clear how much do you need it to be filled in order for you to use specific powers, which some people may find annoying, I personally find it as an incredible, original idea, that has been perfectly implemented in order to ""combine"" several different familiar stealth mechanics, now you don't only have the incentive to hide in the shadows to prevent enemies from spotting you, you also HAVE to be in the shadows in order to use your powers.At first your powers seem really simple, but it's clear after jut staring at the upgrade menu for just a couple of seconds that the game has a treat for the player that it's willing to invest time in finding scrolls, this scrolls serve as multi-purposed tasks, some of them fill you in in certain details from the story, while at the same time giving you points to spend upgrading your character, each mission it's represented as a different chapter, it's really up to the player to decide how to tackle them and play through them, mostly after upgrading some powers, and by doing that, opening a door to different paths, as well as making some objectives a viable possibility to complete.You see, each mission has three emblems, each and every single one of them you get them by completing the mission with some conditions, the first emblem you get for completing the mission without being spotted, ironically, one that for the most part has been easy to get, for me at least, after a couple of retries, you do not have to restart the entire mission if you get spotted, nor sometimes even restart the checkpoint, the way it works it's that the enemies have a chance to spot you if you're very close to them, or outside of the shadows, this in my opinion was necessary considering how easy the game would have been without them being able to spot you by being closer to you even while you are inside the shadows.The most important thing it's to know that you can kill them before they sound the alarm, the condition for not getting spotted gets introduced through that, if they don't sound the alarm, you still get the emblem.Not killing anyone in the level it's the second condition for the next emblem, this frankly is the second most easy, simply because it's easy to avoid a lot of guards, altho it is very difficult when you get spotted, because as I said before, you will have to rush some guards before they decide to whistle and alert everyone.The last, and most difficult one, for now at the very least, it's the emblem that you get for killing everyone in the level, literally 100%, everyone, this one it's tricky to get at first because the only way that you can take out enemies right from the start, it's simply by getting very close to them, and then stabbing them with your sword releasing a small but noticable stream of blood from the wound, simillarly to how it looked  in old samurai movies.I frankly thing they've done a great job, I haven't finished the game, but i've reached the fourth chapter already, I have been rushing it, not deliberatly, it's just that the game it's soo smooth you can't help but feel the need to teleport from shadow to shadow, which by the way the ""teleporting"" it's pretty much like the ""blink"" power from Dishonored, you use it to get from one place to another, and it's your one starting power, so it's important to know that too.The game it's pretty self explanatory by explaining itself through little cards that stop the game and walk you through the mechanics of the game, so frankly I think most people will understand how this game works.The game IS however really challenging, mostly if you don't want to get spotted, and even if you do, you can only get hit once, so you'll have to really get into the mindset of repeating the same sections over, and over again, it's great tho, the game, the killings, the animations, the freedom of movement, everything just feels incredibly satisfiying.I really recommend it, I watched a video on youtube about a guy complaining about performance issues, but so far the game's been running great, it looks great, it has a ton of options, I haven't tried mouse and keyboard, so sorry about that, but the game it's playing great so far with a ps4 controller connected through InputMapper. It has a lot of graphical options, heck it even has a freaking fov slider, How many third person games have that?There are problems, mostly that I have with the story, I don't like the way that the story is presented, and it seems really ambigous, and abtract in the way it's told, so far at the very least. It's fine tho, it's not really such a massive complaint because you can skip every cutscene with the hold of a button, plus it's not annoying or anything like that, I like it's presence, I just wished maybe a little more effort would have gone to that."
,Recommended,280160,32333600,Posted: 10 June,all,t r a s h,"+ smooth stealth mechanics+ good level design that works hand in hand with mechanics+ decent story+ very good atmosphere+ nice soundtrack- occasional visual glitches- the ai is inconsistent- camera angles can sometimes make movement difficult, or make it hard to keep track of guards and obstacles- the boss fights can be very annoying due to their layoutsOverall: 8/10"
76561198038905471,Recommended,280160,25878178,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,komoriblues,"I'm a huge Tenchu fan, like...it's an understatement. It's so easy to compare this to Tenchu because it does everything right about it. I really don't think that's fair though, this game is just amazing and will stand on its own merit without question! It plays a lot faster and snappier with your ability to travel the shadows. It'd be easy to say this isn't as challenging as Tenchu, but you'd be missing out on a great game if you did.I have no complaints, it's great. I'm happy to play it. Buy it! I just recently made my own community config for the steam controller to help out, really hope people like it too!A HUGE THANK YOU to the team who made this game!"
76561198345330244,Recommended,280160,30170139,Posted: 25 February,all,Enslayve,"If you are looking for a solid stylish stealth game, i guess you found it.At a price of 20 bucks, aragami succeds in offering a very solid stealth experience, Starting off with the highest difficulty and going for the bonus medals you will find yourself challenged in several situations. careful planning and yes, even dying a couple of times, is needed to complete a level in a flawless s-tier manner.The shadow based movement system might seem sluggish in the begging. But it will prove it's value to you rather fast. Feeling like a revenge fueled shadow entity will not take you too long, as you are jumping from shadow to shadow decimating your foes one by one.A dishonored style skill tree does greatly enhance long term play. Within you can find skills like, Invisibilty, decoys, wallhacks and other shenanigans that will make your enemies curse the day they meet you.Outfits that show your preferred playstyle can also be unlocked.I did not try the co op. Therefore i cannot judge it. But i can't see hoq a  co op addition could harm a game.The story is unique in my opinion. Nothing too exciting at first, but the question on who the aragami was and maybe still is proves to be intresting.All in all a solid stealth game as it stands. If you like games like dishnored, this is for you.One complaint though: I'm experiencing light performance issues here and there. Which is weird on a brand new rig. But still, a great game."
76561198014321081,Not Recommended,280160,25874637,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Morf,"First hour was fantastic, game looks brilliant, runs perfectly smooth, mechanics are a little clunky but are easy to use at speed. The major major downside, is the game never progresses from the tutorial, it stays exactly the same, there's nothing new to do, it's exactly the same, the only change is you get another beautiful setting to do all the same things in. The progression just isn't as exciting as it could be, if you're just executing the same generic dumb♥♥♥♥♥boring AI ""bad guys"" every 20 seconds.I can't say nicer things for the look of the game, or the smoothness of the game, love the concept with the ""Journey"" like cloak using up your abilities and recharging them in the shadow's, its brilliant, but I'm currently on the 3rd big map/level and I just can't continue, I've streamed my entire experience, and I suddenly realised I'd gone from super excited shouting laughing celebrating to almost dead silence, blink, execute, blink execute, blink execute, ok room cleared, what do I need to do? Oh yea, down a shield. Ok cool, next room, Blink execute, blink execute. ♥♥♥♥ ok, let's try do it stealthy, make it a bit more interesting, blink, blink, blink, blink, blink, i'm so bored.Pro's: Great concept, great design, great music,Con's:♥♥♥♥♥♥poor dialogue,  very dull storyline, doesn't pull you in at all, repetitiveness, poor progression.I don't like giving this a thumbs down, I'd like to give it neither, just a straight line."
76561198067340548,Recommended,280160,25894532,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,RED,Finally. Forget everything that came before. This is the closest thing to Tenchu that you'll ever find on Steam.+Great art style+Memorable soundtrack by Two Feathers+Decent story script about how war can affect people on both sides.+Variety of Stealth Kills+Can be challenging-Runs Ok (just turn off Motion Blur which seems to kill some FPS)+Interesting Shadow mechanic+Decent Keyboard controls. Very good mouse aim+Co-op in the MAIN CAMPAIGN that is never forced by any garbage AI partner if you want to go solo. Something you rarely see these days (yeah i'm pooping on Sheeva from Resident Evil 5 and the likes)+Level EditorDefinitely recommended!
,Recommended,280160,25875301,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/dVgjaQkpy_4TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSIONAragami is a third person stealth adventure where you play as an undead assassin that has been invoked to seek vengeance.You have been summoned by a girl with the purpose of infiltrating the army of light, and setting her free. Armed with your sword, and abilities to control the shadows, you must use your wits and powers to stay out of sight as you delve deeper into enemy territory. Whether you want to slay everyone that stands in your way, or move through the shadows completely unseen is entirely up to you.The game reminds me a lot of Mark of the Ninja except it’s in 3D, and has co-op capability. Using any of your shadow abilities consumes shadow essence, so you can’t just spam them until your heart’s content. You’ll need to stick to the shadows to regenerate your essence, and avoid the light that drains it. Being able to teleport to the shadows, and violently stab as many enemies as I could was super satisfying. You can avoid enemy attacks if you’re quick enough, but you will get one-shotted if you aren’t careful.The AI was decent for the most part, and they would sound the alarm if you got sloppy. Leaving bodies around was usually how I got caught, so I do wish there was a way to move the corpses. Later on, you get the corpse vanish ability, so that helps a lot. I played using the mouse and keyboard, and while the controls lack customization, the default bindings still felt natural and responsive.There is also some exploration to find scrolls that award upgrade points. You can unlock 6 different activated abilities, however, you can only equip one at a time. You’re also limited to having 2 charges for each ability, but you can replenish the charges by visiting a shrine.Pros:shadow abilities are fun to use, and the kill animations are satisfyingconsistent, and excellent stealth mechanics giving enjoyable stealth gameplayexploration is rewarded with upgrade points; some of these upgrades are activated abilities that give the player more flexibility with their gameplaydecent graphics, with a nice art style; everything is elegantly designed, and visually appealingmusic and sound effects are done well - the music is pleasant throughout the game, and also changes when you enter combat, so it feel even more excitingstory is decent (but a little too predictable)some achievements require two playthroughs to complete, so there is some replay valueCons:sometimes you will die while in the process of doing a combat animations, since you can't cancel or move until it finishescould use some higher difficulty settings because sometimes the AI takes way too long to react, and the guards are seemingly oblivious to missing allies and giant pools of blood (I'd expect playing in co-op be easier)(nitpick) no English character voicing, but at least you can mute the other voice acting if you want; having to read the story doesn't take away too much from the experience though(nitpick) actions could be more fluid if you could have more than one ability bound at a time without having to change the selected skillConclusion:The game took me about 7.5 hours to finish, but I got stuck on a couple of levels when I was trying to do perfect runs. I’d expect people who are better at stealth games than I am could complete it quicker. Aragami is a solid stealth game with fun to use abilities. Whether you want to kill your way through the enemies, or sneak by undetected is entirely up to you. The AI could be more aware of their surroundings, but overall, it’s an enjoyable game. I’m completely satisfied with the purchase, and recommend it to anyone looking for a good stealth game.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,280160,30366663,Posted: 6 March,all,yADOKARGO,"Aragami is a very well constructed game, like a pretty piece of paper folded with love and care. On normal difficulty, the game presents  a welcome challenge for veteran players, and the game features easy and hard modes geared towards more casual and hardcore buyers respectively. The environments span from the rows of cemetary headstones to the heavy canopy of thick forests to the streets alleys and rooftops of old Japanese-modeled cities, offering a wide display of scenery and gameplay styles. Finally, Aragmi makes use of a timelessly valuable art style and a score that always brings something exhilerating to the atmosphere.Aragami is not perfect. The character models, despite their beautiful and almost ethereal designs, are hardly animated in the facial respect. This can break the immersion of certain important cutscenes and emotional moments. Additionally, while Aragami offers a wide variety of unlockable abilities, in the forms of skills and techniques, the skills are sometimes limited in their usefulness and the techniques are limited by the fact that each of them only have two uses before the player needs to locate a shrine in order to restock.That said, the game offers more than just that. The game offers a ranking system for each level, bonus points for certain displays of skill, such as clearing the level without respawning, and finally, three possible medals per level; one for completing it without being detected, another for not killing anyone, and another for killing everyone. The fact that these achievements are available and especially when considering hat they are offered on all difficulties, Aragami posesses a lot of replay value.The story is well written, has significant length and weight as it focuses on the protagonist Aragami. Aragami is a vengeful spirit summoned in a cemetary by a young girl named Yamiko, who informs him that she invoked him in order for him to rescue her from her imprisonment by the antagonizing army of light: Kaiho. Aragami has one night to gather a series of talismans in order to break the seal of imprisonment and rescue his summoner, before the sunlight evaporates his new shadowy form. Fortunately, this form comes with a few perks, allowing Aragami to create shadows, teleport between shadows, and be near invisible when standing in shadow in order to get the job done. As Aragami progresses, he begins to learn more about himself and the people around him through a series of strange visions that seem to haunt him constantly. It is a suspenseful mystery that unfolds like an origami paper into a beautiful shape that shed a few tears, accented by the juxtaposition of light and shadow.Aragami plays out like a stealth action game, making use of lighting mechanics. Standing in shadows restores Aragami's energy and makes him almost invisible, while bright light does the exact opposite, draining his strength and effectively making him a sitting duck. Additionally, Aragami has access to various skills and techniques, as mentioned; and while their individual uses are limited, altogether they provide Aragami with a lot of options when approaching a situation. Unfortunately, while Aragami is well suited for stealth, combat is not his forte as enemies' light weapons will kill him in one successful blow, forcing him to manipulate his environment to his advantage, giving most if not all these skills their fair share of use. Additionally, the downside of two uses per technique is eventually almost negated late-game, as the shrines used to restore their charges become more and more frequent.In conclusion, while Aragami does fall short in a few select areas, overall the game is very well put together. I highly recommend this game to almost anyone, and while intially the game's difficulty may seem daunting, like the instructions for folding an origami, with time and practice anyone can easily adapt to the game's tricks and reveal a few of their own, coming up with inventive ways of manipulating the environment and gaining the upper hand against any foe."
,Recommended,280160,26241075,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zen,"Short but sweet. If you have the money to burn, go and buy this game.Pros-Co-Op Stealth Ninjas-Kill or not, it's your choice-Shadow and skill mechanics are limited but fun-The art style is minimal but fits well with the game-The music is soothingCons-Short-The story is nothing to write home aboutOverall I would recommend this game. I loved every minute of it and I wish there was more stealth co-op games around. Keep in mind this game was completed around 6-7 hours so if your looking for cost per hour, then maybe wait till a sell."
,Recommended,280160,30035447,Posted: 19 February,all,DepreNox (Disarray),"I was looking for a good stealth game, and I found oneThe story was moderately nice,with an okay twist. In my opinion, it was the gameplay that mostly made this such an amazing game. I loved the whole concept of jumping from shadow to shadow (literally), and how the world was made.AND GETTING ALL THE ACHIEVEMNTS FEELS GOOD MANP.S, if youre trying to get all achievements, it's easier to avoid all enemies than to kill everyone. Just like in real life.+ points for realism.Dattebayo"
,Recommended,280160,26024133,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ninja with standards,"If you was looking for non-ordinary stealth game, then this one might be just for yоu.Simple, fast and challenging. Unique atmosphere, interesting gameplay and achievements (yes, they are fun actually) will make complete this game at least 2 times and if you're going for 100% unlocked stuff it will probably take 4 times to do so.Story is full of mysteries and it's better playthrough, then watch on YT. Also game don't have HUD (at least annoying one), so there not gonna be problems with atmosphere or problems feeling the character. Online is fun as well btw, but better play it with someone you know."
,Recommended,280160,34790286,Posted: 7 September,all,Sephiroth,"Get this game, it's the best.  If you're a fan of Tenchu, or anything ninja-esque, this is the game for you without a doubt.Awesome stealth, beautiful art, intriguing (if a bit predictable) story, and even a level editor.  What else could a stealth gamer ask for?...Also you're a spirit who can CONTROL SHADOWS, I mean c'mon.  It's great."
,Recommended,280160,30404047,Posted: 8 March,all,Marimo,"One of the best Stealth games of all time I would say. The controls are symple, the gameplay loop is simple, but the game isn't. Really took me by surprise."
,Recommended,280160,29424990,Posted: 22 January,all,Tundra Scorpion,"Aragami is a simply straightforward, but still very enjoyable 3rd-person stealth action game. Built by a rather small team of dedicated indy devs, Aragami has a lot of heart that makes  it very difficult to not enjoy. Sometimes the best titles are the simplest ones.As a stealth action game, it has the standard formula: You play as an assassin, who in this case is a vengeful spirit conjured by a trapped sorceress to exact her vengeance and set her free. An entire army stands between you and your goal, seeing as how you can't fight them all you have to quietly sneak past them and avoid confrontation alltogether. The stealth mechanics are intuitive, as can be expected. Stick to the shadows and avoid the light, in order to encourage this, Aragami himself is a being made of shadows, so when he's in a strong shadow he becomes invisible to distant enemies. This is not, however, a guaranteed free-escape from guards as they can still see you if they are close enough, and depending on your actions the guards may become more alert, so the shadows wont always save you. The guards cone of vision also has some verticality to it, so they can also see you if you are above them on a ledge. So unlike Skyrim, hiding in the slightest shadows won't protect you when your enemy is close, and unlike Dishonored crouching on a slightly elevated platform won't keep you out of your enemies sight.The main method of movement is the Shadow Leap ability, which allows Aragami to warp to a shadow, bypassing barred gates and climbing up buildings as well as letting you progress through the level. However, the shadows in a level are not always within reach of eachother, which is where the Shadow Essence comes into play: You can paint a surface with shadows that you can warp to with Shadow Leap. Both the leap and the paint abilities are managed by the ""Shadow Essence"" meter that is cleverly indicated on the back of the player's cloak instead of an obstructive HUD element. The Shadow Essence drains when you warp/create shadows, and using a combination can quickly drain the meter, so careful planning and management is key. But don't fret, the Shadow Essence is refilled gradually when you are in the shadows, but is also rapidly drained away when near a bright light...The level design and layout is probably some of the best I've seen in a stealth-action game. Each consecutive level gets more and more challenging, with the guards gradually setting up more fires and lanterns to limit the amount of shadows you can use, all the while increasing the manpower they send out to try and stop you. So while enemy distribution rarely deviates from the norm, the level design more than compensates for this, with the few types of guards instead complementing the level rather than overpowering it. Additionally, hidden throughout each level are collectable scrolls which both unlock little pieces of the story accessable in the menu with F1 as well as allowing you to purchase and upgrade other abilities. These powerups can be quite useful, ranging from simply increasing your Shadow Essence regeneration rate to observing enemies through walls to throwing knives to take out pesky guards from range. They're a welcome addition and can even the playing field against the progressively increasing challenge with the levels and guard distribution. But in my first playthrough, I've only used a total of 2 of the 6 powers. So the option is there if you want, but the game is perfectly beatable without them.Probably one of the best things I've found with Aragami is the few boss battles. These aren't forced encounters that tediously make you exit the gameplay you've come accustomed to, but like the enemy distribution in levels actually complement the gameplay style, acting as a sort of challenge or pop-quiz on everything you've learned while playing. All the bosses are generally aware of your presence (as cleverly implied in a few cutscenes prior) but like their footsoldiers cannot actually see you unless you leave the shadows or get too close to them. The boss battles are very intense, but also fair. They don't pull any punches and require you to be quick on your feet.If you're looking for more of a challenge, then you can hit up the options menu and change the AI difficulty AS WELL  as disable other aspects. You can remove guard alertness meters on your HUD, as well as remove the slowed-reaction time when you are detected. These options are welcome, considering that the game's guard AI isn't the most refined. It's not terrible, just standard.The story, I feel, is absolutely terrific. Taking place in feudal Japan, every character actually speaks Japanese (sorry to those who dislike reading, but this is a subtitled game). As well, Aragami treats the Japanese culture with dignity and respect, which earns it a lot of cookie points in my books. When most people typically think of a Japanese game, they either think of some out-of-their-mind craziness or obnoxious anime dating sims. The story is subtle, seemingly straightforward but plays its cards close to the chest. But if someone is attentive they can pick up on subtle hints that clue one in to how the story will really play out. I appreciate a good story as someone who enjoys reading novels, and Aragami has a very solid story. The narrative feels a little forced now and again but for the most part I think it's very engaging.Also, Aragami boasts a VERY well-made soundtrack. Props to Two-Feathers for composing it, the music is a perfect fit for the game's environment and tone while also being perfectly listenable to.I do have some cons to go over. The graphics and animations in Aragami are very mediocre. The game has a very minimal HUD presence, which can make a game all the more immersive; but with the sub-par graphics, the robotic animation cycles and HORRIBLE facial animations, you can't really get all that immersed into it.The Shadow Leap is kind of clunky, mixed with some holes in the level design can make for some frustrating glitches. For a few examples, I teleported near a rock to escape some guards who were getting a little too nosey to find myself clipping through the map and falling down into an underground bunker that you're supposed to reach later in the level. I thought to myself: ""Oh! Well this just happened, might as well take advantage of this."" That was probably the best example of level clipping, the worst was when I warped behind an enemy to stab them through the heart, I ended up clipping through the wall, falling out of the level and dying. Which was very frustrating since that happened on the FINAL BOSS. I won't give a quote, but let's just say that some foul language was fired off.Finally, the last con is that the game leans a little on the side of being TOO easy... This might just be me, since my first playthrough was on normal difficulty and I was doing a lethal playthrough, killing all the guards instead of sneaking past them. Taking advantage of the robotically standard AI was pretty simple, maybe it's harder on more intense difficulties (and I know for a fact that a silent ghost playthrough is a lot harder), but except for a few levels and the boss encounters the AI didn't really challenge me as much as I felt it could.In closing: I highly recommend Aragami. Everything it does right, it really gets right. The level design, the music, the setting and story, gameplay mechanics and overall layout all come together to make a very solid and worthwhile game. It's simplicity is endearing to me, and if you are a fan of stealth games then I would recommend picking up Aragami."
76561198073209593,Recommended,280160,25857422,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Remember-Of-Life,"Aragami is the only game to date that let me feel like the original Assassins Creed, but better.This game is really really good, as of the writing of this review it just launched with some funny store fails and it crashed on me quiting once but that can be overseen regarding what this game offers.Graphics:I just love the style. Well done models, sometimes you do get a wierd animation with the raven or killing enemies that have just seen you but overall it looks just awsome. The 'visions' have an interessting art style but the rest is great, and you dont spend to much time in visions.Gameplay:Features not really that many ways to really choose from which to play (akward sentence), but it has just so massive (for its size and gameplay) maps that you can really choose when to do what and as we all know 2 to the power of increasing numbers gets greater really fast, its like this in the game. An cool skill set from which too use, nice upgrades and arts to learn combined with the really big maps and freedom of choice you get makes for an stunningly good gameplay.As I said it reminded me of Assassins Creed. The best of them, the original #1. Although it might be that this game takes away Assassins Creed's #1 place in my stealth games list.I might add some more Info later when I've played a little bit more, just wanted to do a quick review so you can start playing right away.PS: Also has multiplayer, haven't tested it but if it works that would be the one thing AC missed the most, then it'd be the best stealth game I know.EDIT: Best games to describe it with IMO: AC, Thief, Mark of the NinjaFunny how nearly any review of this game has like more than 50% of people not finding it helpful, what do they expect :O"
,Recommended,280160,25892609,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,stubar,"I really enjoyed playing Aragami and also loved Tenchu back on the PS1.  I'd strongly recommend the game, it's an extremely fun stealth game.  Most of the levels are completed by working out a strategy by trial-and-error, learning where the objectives and enemies are and completing as efficiently as possible.+ great stealth game+ game looks nice+ killing is satisfying+ replayability objectives : collect all scrolls, kill all enemy in each level, kill no enemy in each level+ has co-op!  planning to test this on Saturday.+ very fair price- annoying final boss fight- devs advise they will work on improving optimisation- no leaderboards for speedruns vs friends/global- need to turn off motion blur to obtain constant 60fps on 970/i5 in 1440p- lack of variety of enemies/mission types- quite short but note the replayability objectivesShort video of gameplay from one of the later levels.   **SPOILER ALERT**https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je3UB_OM3bI"
76561198276105465,Recommended,280160,28452296,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mabehir,"Pros:-Nice Art Style & Music-Creative Gameplay Mechanics such as creating your own shadows-Interesting story and character development-Support Indi Devs!!!Cons-Horrible PC Optimization for an average looking game (gtx 980 --> 30 fps in some levels)-Instant death if toes touch water lol-Aragami doesnt play like a ninja, more like sluggish turtle-sometimes horrible checkpointsOverall: 7 / 10, still a very decent game and good for people who enjoy stealth gamesFor our full review check outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y4rUIKSm_g"
,Recommended,280160,34169654,Posted: 11 August,all,halfjap,"Definitely recommend this game if you like stealth games.A quick fyi: Facing enemies directly is impossible. In games like Splinter Cell or Dishonored you can either use stealth or just go rambo style, but in this game basic enemies can literally one hit you even with ranged attacks so a head-on approach isn't really viable. Although, I didn't really invest many points into the offensive skill tree, so maybe if you do then you might have a different experience to what I had.The story is actually pretty decent for a cheap indie game, although somewhat predictable. The visuals, level design and the overall vibe while playing the game were all really nice.For the low price tag it's a great game that'll keep you occupied for a short while."
76561197993715865,Recommended,280160,30259757,Posted: 1 March,all,The_Pike,"Absolutely love this game - Tenchu meets Tron in a beautiful, captivating environment with plenty of scope to tackle a chapter super-stealth (no kills, never get spotted) or killing everyone in the way...Graphics 9/10Audio 9/10Gameplay 10/10Was waiting for the sale - it's a bargain!"
76561198203741637,Recommended,280160,29606319,Posted: 31 January,all,r3dland,"One of the best ninja games :D Need a break from your main game? Play this one because the storyline was so good I couldn't stop playing it -_-.Love the graphics, animations and sound effects, it went really well with ingame's environment.Hopefully developers will create another one based on this version's history.4.5/5"
76561198182796825,Recommended,280160,25859645,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,BattlEye,"Wow, really fun game! my expectation for this game were low and i was wrong on so many level, its fun and hard at the same time but not too hard you just have to be careful and i love it....even got 21:9 support! great game unity would buy again ill go with a  9/10 the only thing that bother me is the shaking when you kill someone but i got used to it after the first 30 min and textures could been a little more high res but there good enought for what it is at a 20$ tbh only the ground is a bit blury ish :p"
,Recommended,280160,26590403,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kylinux,"I love this game. I was hoping that one day the Ninja Stealth Genre would make a comeback, and Aragami delivers. One of the best aspects of this game is the skill system. I've read that people were 50/50 about this, but the fact that you're a supernatural stealth assassin makes this system welcome. It also makes stealth kills more varied so that the game doesn't get too redundant/repetitive.I've heard people complain that the AI isn't that intelligent. This is true, but I really can't think of a stealth title with super smart AI. Even Metal Gear Solid 5 has redundant enemy patterns, so I'm not sure if this is really a strike against the game. I wasn't looking for a stealth/action title to reinvent the wheel. I just wanted a classic Tenchu-like experience with modern graphics, a cool story, and a vivid artstyle.My favorite part of this game is that IT WORKS WELL ON LINUX! WITH NATIVE DUALSHOCK 4 SUPPORT! I love Lince Works for doing this and I look forward to more titles from this developer. This game is a must buy for any fans of stealth games, Tenchu specifically.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IM3FkJtQkE"
,Recommended,280160,29717527,Posted: 5 February,all,Nick Blaster,"This is one of the best stealth games I've played. And if you can't tell by the images in the store page already, the art style is amazing. I love the character design, and the soundtrack goes very well with the overall vibe of the game.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves stealth games.P.S. The Japanese touch to the artwork and the locations looks incredible !"
76561198110539863,Recommended,280160,32618377,Posted: 21 June,all,Nhlax,"- Best stealth game I've ever played- Best soundtrack I've ever heard- Best art style I've ever seenI must say, I loved this game, I hope there will be a sequel."
76561198028179670,Not Recommended,280160,26617538,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Blacky,"_-_- SLIGHT POTENTIAL SPOILERS -_-_This game was interesting, i've been looking for a game like Tenchu for years now and this caught my eye. but ultimately i believe it is not worth the money (£14.99 when i bought it) due to a number of reasons:Firstly let me point out where this game went well[Pros]-Amazing art style: The game looks beautiful and i believe it will age very well.-Mechanically interesting: The Shadow mechanic which is used to maneuver and stay hidden, while also gaining power is done perfectly in my opinion.-Sound and Music: Very good audio cues and traditional japanese music make a nice environment.On the other hand, the negatives i feel make this game not worth the price[Cons]-Short: This game is short, when i mean short, im saying i 100%ed this game in 10 hours, completed every achievement as well as every optional mission complete objective for all 13 missions. My fastest time to complete a level was 7 minutes and i feel that this is a disgustingly weak part of the game.-Repetitive: This game can be completed simply by either teleporting in a straight line to the next objective (and when i say straight line i mean STRAIGHT), waiting 5 seconds for a guard to move from an orb that blocks the next location. Hitting that orb and moving to the next area. If you are trying to kill every enemy in the missions, its simply teleport behind them, kill, rinse and repeat. Or leading them into a room around the corner, kill, repeat.-Extremely Easy Difficulty: Every enemy in this game either suffers from cataracts or a severe case of short sight. As long as you stay crouched and teleport around with the use of the shadows, you can be 10 feet infront of any enemy on a bright sunny day. If they do spot you, its simply a quick teleport away and recover. Because of this, the developers put an excessive amount of enemies in an area that just adds to the time of progressing through the level. Once you have unlocked the upgrade to your Bird, you can locate all scrolls in the game, ultimately destroying any level of exploration or fun regarding secrets.-Lack Luster Boss missions: It just involves the same mechanic of teleporting behind them for a stealth kill just repeated 3 times with a slight alteration of an aeriel kill on the second hit. The final boss is no different but i believe it is 5 times instead.-Uninteresting Story: the story was generally uninteresting and a bit rushed in my opinion, i believe this is partly due to the shortness of the game and how vague the plot is through out, besides at the end where the plot just begins to open up and i feel that the game could have alot more depth... But it ends. The character development was terrible, what felt like simply throwing characters existences in to give some reason as to why you even exist in the first place. The origins of the Aragami were a good idea to begin with but wasn't correctly followed through.-2nd to last mission: This mission takes what ive just said about difficulty and doesn't make it harder, it makes it frustrating. Being sniped continously while trying to kill everyone in the map is the most hair pullingly rage inducing thing i've experienced in this game. 85% of my deaths in my 10 hour run were in the last 40 minutes it took me to complete this game under those conditions. IT ISN'T FUN as a mechanic, I see where the developers were going, but i don't believe it fits with the theme by having an aimbotting archer continually rain sweet justice down on the Stealth Assassin that hasn't been spotted or killed anyone since the first mission began. To say, it ruined my immersion.[IN CONCLUSION]The game is fun and very pretty, I definitely enjoyed myself but it shouldn't be classed as a full game. If you came here expecting something difficult and gritty, you are only met with hand holding, mediocre challenges and repetition. The story needed a revision and for the price that is requested I wouldn't buy this again if i knew everything i know now."
76561197961285246,Recommended,280160,26691286,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ser Pote,"I don't normally post reviews, but I was really impressed with this game.  It has a unique concept and is executed well.  The skills add a lot of depth and mastering them can produce some really nice combos / tricks.Doesn't take too long to complete.  I ended up playing it though twice in succession, once with a 'kill-all' challenge and once with a 'no-kill' to make it harder.Well worth £15 for me, and I normally only buy games in the sales because i'm a cheapskate."
,Recommended,280160,31938547,Posted: 24 May,all,nathan,"After playing through this game, I can most certainly say that it is one of my favourite games in a very long time. The soundtrack and graphics alone are outstanding, but the gameplay is also very fluent and smooth. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,280160,30348266,Posted: 5 March,all,Charon,"I'm a big fan of the old Tenchu games and I've been waiting for some time for someone to recapture the atmosphere of that franchise with a more modern control system than that of the 90s era playstation. Step forward Aragami, expertly marrying Tenchu to a Dishonoured style system that allows you to *bamf* from shadow to shadow. It's beautiful. A lovely art style, smooth mechanics. I only just meet spec and yet it runs like a dream and hasn't crashed once. I've never heard of the Developer, Lince Works, before but if this is their debut then I am eager to see where they go from here.I am very impressed."
,Recommended,280160,25952220,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Heinyken,"EDIT: I've added a lot more time and love it. This is a great stealth game -- BUY.Well-balanced, quick-paced stealth game. Think Hitman meets Mark of the Ninja. I'm only a little bit in but loving it. Easily worth $20.If you're a huge fan of games like Hitman or Styx, this one is a little more fast-paced and doesn't expect quite as much patience as those."
76561197967671513,Recommended,280160,30916925,Posted: 2 April,all,Melvatron,"I dont like writing in-depth anaylsis on games as I think it ruins the discovery for others.But I will say this.I loved the Tenchu & Metal Gear Solid series and also Mark of the Ninja.This game combines some of the most memorable elements from those games to create something new, exciting and super cool.I have only played a couple of hours and already find the game has replay value and a decent difficulty curve.And although this game looks like a game that is natually suited to a gamepad - actually it is far superior to control your stealth manouvres and attacks using the mouse/keyboard, especially if you want to be lightning fast with some of the combos."
76561198098519139,Recommended,280160,32684995,Posted: 23 June,all,kishanpd,i just spent the last hour stealthing through the game. so much more fun to play when you choose not to kill. totally worth it if you love Mark of the Ninja
76561198145764128,Recommended,280160,25946029,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FeelsGoodMan,"A fun stylish stealth game with a engaging level of difficulty, fun gameplay and an easy to follow narrativePros:- Unlocking new abilities feels well paced and doesn't overwealm you- The game feels incredibly smooth in terms of frame rate, animations and overall gameplay- The narrative (whilst primarily text based) Is concise and easy to digest- I feel like it has replayability due to how there's multiple different approaches to finishing chapters- Fun level of difficulty- Rating system that gives you a rank based on performance- Visually It's easy on the eye and due to the art style it should age wellCons:- There's a few low res textures that look out of place at times- There's not a whole lot of visual diversity when it comes to the envoroment and enemies- At times your takedown animations can look buggyOverall a great game that I'm really enjoying and looking forward to beating"
76561198054569083,Recommended,280160,30087747,Posted: 21 February,all,M Herr Fuzzbutt,"First things first I do reccomend this game, albeit a 20€ price tag for 7 hours of gameplay is a bit anemic. The 7 hours of gameplay are of course assuming you go trough the game reasonably quickly and don't loose a lot of sleep on style points.The Bad:The game is just a tiny bit buggy, nothing gamebreaking for the most part but every now and then you will be unable to make a kill or a jump where you feel like you should've had that but the game just didn't want you to succeed.It is not always immideatly apparent which surfaces you can teleport on and which ones you can't and this can sometimes be annoying when planing out your route.Whilst the learning curve is far from broken the increase in diffilculty seems a bit weird at times, like it's more tailored to show how the enemy responds to you becoming an ever greater threat, rather than to the skill of the player increasing. Many areas are so dark, and darkness such reliable of an ally, that you barely need to be careful to avoid being spotted. The potential of having an ally by your side to do double takedowns with, or just kunais, which are quick, extremly far ranging kills make the game feel a tad overforgiving at times.Whilst I don't want to spoil anything everything seems to be building up for a big twist the entire way through, with hints being dropped more frequently than soap in a prison shower, which makes for an eye rolling ""oh no, who couldve seen THIS coming"" moment at the end.The good.Whilst certainly not having AAA polish, the visuals of the game are georgeous, everything just looks REALLY cool, the animations are smooth and really help support your feeling of the ""ultimate ninja assasin""Aragami follows the old school style of tutorials, meaning that when it introduces new types of enemies and hazards, rather than hitting you over the head with a wall of text it let's you observe the danger from a safe distance and generally does enough of a job signalling what you want to avoid that you won't have a lot of ""oh that kills you!"" moments.It's an awesome game to play with a friend or your SO though I'm not sure how good the random online matches are. Failure of one doesn't automatically mean failure for the other and if one player dies and the other goes on, the dead one will respawn at the next checkpoint. There are plenty of opportunities for double takedowns, which look and feel REALLY cool and having someone to cover your back is great. Literally my only complaint here is that I'd love some form of 3d markers. Most of the levels don't really lend themselves to giving callouts by position. Here I should note that it's a great and important touch that most of the enemies wear differently coloured outfits, making it a bit easier to call who takes who.The core gameplay is very fun, though as the game progresses it seems to struggle to keep things interesting.If you want a fun thing to do with someone together for a weekend or a couple of sessions here or there then this might be a game for you. If you're however looking for a stealth game that you can really dig your teeth into like the hitman series you might just be wasting money."
76561198207029817,Recommended,280160,28850994,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EnchantedWhiskey,"I bought this game thinking it will be a fun little pass time, how was I wrong, I was so indulged by its art style, gameplay and soundtrack. Truelly beautiful game and would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,280160,31707815,Posted: 12 May,all,PAW.Predator,Highly recommended stealth game+ good music+ good mechanics+ great art style and graphics+ good story+ coop is very good+ good replay value8/10
,Recommended,280160,26096683,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Synaptic_Gaming,"A brave soldier plods along his patrol, further into the cover of darkness, away from the glow of a pale moon.  A vengeful shade lurks within the shadow, eager to bring swift finality to his prey with ferocious grace.  A wisp of air is the last sound the man hears as a piercing anguish gives way to black.Aragami is a story of unrelenting revenge and canny manipulation, told through intermittent flashbacks experienced by the protagonist.  Summoned by a young girl, held captive by the Kaiho army, Aragami has one night to retrieve six talismans to free the girl’s retainers.  Armed with a host of supernatural powers and the prowess of an assassin, this enigmatic specter commences his journey into the night.Stealth serves as the lifeblood for all virulent pursuits in Aragami, and clever use of shadow is mandatory for progression.  Teleportation mechanics allow the player to blink from shadow to shadow, stalking the enemy before administering an ephemeral haze of lethal embrace.  Kill animations are visceral and ritualistic in their aesthetic; however, there are only a handful of available executions based on the angle of approach the player takes. Navigation through each level is expedited by teleportation but also requires a delicate balance of strategy and awareness.  Dancing between shadows can prove difficult at times, as I struggled on occasion to warp to my destination and found myself stuck within the environment once or twice.Skills acquired, in the form of “shadow abilities,” include Kunai shadow knives, Shinen traps, which erupt in shadow and pull unsuspecting victims into the void, and targeted shadow generation for precise maneuvering.  Chaining these supernatural abilities together often results in satisfying scenarios which reward tactical improvisation. Energy, charges and light exposure are all visible via Aragami’s cloak, which serves as an innovative HUD, lending itself to the games clean aesthetic appeal.  Kaiho samurai patrol every corner of the environment, while archers scout for surreptitious threats.  Generally speaking, being spotted by an enemy will result in certain death, which forces stealth but allows the player to decide if they will extinguish their foes or circumvent them entirely. Unfortunately, enemy variation is also lacking, as it feels like you’ve been dispatching the same two enemies all game long.  Redundancy aside, challenging, fluid and decisive combat drew me in and kept me ardently embracing progression.Fireflies hover around flickering flames which illuminate smooth stone graves and tufts of grass.  Fog conceals pernicious intent, while pagodas breach the sky with imperial allure. An incandescent moon saturates the sky with a silky radiance, as viscous crimson envelops steel below.  Aragami is an exquisite game to behold.  Cel-shaded graphics, layered with strokes of vibrant color and soft outlines, provide a refreshing visual aesthetic akin to Wind Waker.  Hauntingly melodic sounds evoke feelings of melancholy and loneliness, while providing an elegant backdrop for the visual experience.  I often found myself taking a break from the action and absorbing my surroundings for several minutes at a time.Fans of the Tenchu and Mark of Kri franchises of yore, will find themselves at home within the context of Aragami.  While the game is less complex than the aforementioned titles in many aspects, it achieves a compelling level of immersion as a result.  For those in love with the stealth genre, this game is a worthy addition."
76561198060771908,Recommended,280160,28152187,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Reaver,"If you miss Tinchu then you may enjoy this game.Well designed and challenging levels. AI is brutal, but can be predictable at times.3rd person cam can be wonky at times.The anime style graphics are well done, as well as the music.A Unity game that does not suck."
,Recommended,280160,30924038,Posted: 3 April,all,MoD,This game really really scratched that itch of Tenchu from back in the ps2 days iv had so good i ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game the art is so pretty the gameplay is really fun love the whole thing so fun to play coop with a mate aswell full chub playing this all the way through time to try the non lethal path next.  no games perfect had a few little hiccups with bugs and sometimes clunky controlls but still all in all good. 8/10
,Recommended,280160,30887193,Posted: 1 April,all,Vivana,I like this game quite a bit. It's rare to find a stealth game that actually places enemies in a way that you have to be cautious. It's occasionally frustrating to have all your hard steathing for that perfect sneak undone by one patrol you didn't see coming.
,Recommended,280160,25916583,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kuratius,"Fresh and exciting gameplay mechanics. A very calm and relaxing atmosphere.You can be successful in variety of ways, from being super stealthy without shedding a drop of blood, to outright killing everything in your path in a murderous rampage (if you are skilled enough, that is. Everything is a oneshot, so your dodging skills need to be up to par).It's challenging, but never too challenging, although I believe that certain abilities are a little buggy.Sometimes animations bug out etc., but it hasn't happened more than two or three times during my playthrough.In addition, I managed to trick a guard's pathing AI into running circles around a lamppost somehow :) Laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off.So I'd say it's little rough around the edges, but still  very charming.It took me around 10 hours to finish it with a friend, so it's not very long.The story isn't terribly exciting, but it does have a proper ending. It satisfied me, at least I can say that much.Could profit from a level editor similar to Portal 2.Minor nitpick: I think the audio in the game is supposed to sound like Japanese without being actual Japanese.Same applies to the symbols you'll find on various stone tablets in the game. Would have loved to spend time deciphering that :(The most annoying thing is probably that the Aragami isn't waterproof.Maybe add waterwalking as a passive skill in future content? ;)Overall, I consider the game to be well worth its price at 20€; if it's on sale for a lower price I'd definitely grab it, especially if you have a friend to play with."
76561198121684018,Recommended,280160,32971048,Posted: 28 June,all,stWnr,"Like Dishonoured, but you're an undead ninja... an undead ninja who can't swim or fight. Somewhat takes the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still fun."
,Recommended,280160,25860866,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,minininja77,Best $20 I have spent on steam in awhile I am enjoying it. Fun punishing stealth game play.
76561198076380864,Recommended,280160,31147553,Posted: 14 April,all,npbranco,"Oh yeah. If you like stealth games, that's what you want in your library. I have no words to describe how wonderful this game is. It's a perfect mix of feeling like a badass ninja and having to breath deeply to be able to face just how frustrating some levels can be.You hide in the shadows and there's no way to confront the guards head on, after all you're MADE of said shadows and light is your weakness. It's a little difficult to understand at first just how much the shadows hide you and what exactly you can get away with (it took me 2 chapters to understand I could teleport THROUGH  the guards), but after you understand the mechanics, it get a little easier. The fun thing is that it never gets OVERLY easy. As you get more and more skills, thinking you're going to become night itself, the game just ups the challenge, adding traps, more guards, longer routes and fully lighted huge rooms. Oh yeah baby, that's all my little stealthy, sneaky heart had been yearning for.I'm sold, buy this game. BUY IT. NOW. 10/10!"
76561198047239610,Recommended,280160,26054437,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Quintessential Gamer,"I loved this game.Just recently finished 100%'ing it and honestly had a great time doing so (for the most part). The game may not be too long and a little easy at times, but either way, it's a damn fun game. I'm in love with art style and character design too. Ran really smooth with little to no crashing on my GTX 770, really didn't have any issues. I actually enjoyed the story, wasn't too deep, but it kept me interested till' the end. the soundtrack was incredible and suited the game very well (I even grabbed the soundtrack on spotify lol). The gameplay felt great, the skills were useful and interesting. and for once the detection wasn't complete♥♥♥♥♥♥for the guards (unlike many stealth games). I'd recommend this game any day of the week. In my opinion, one of the best releases of 2016. Expecially considering it was developed by an Indie game studio. Overall a great experience and totally worth the time. 11/10."
76561197972335127,Recommended,280160,31053178,Posted: 9 April,all,Bloodbull,"This isn't just another great stealth game, Aragami has more to offer.First of all the basics which is a well designed skill system, it's easy to use and feels very rewarding with every unlocked ability. The AI of the enemy is good and can suprise You even on the easiest level if You're not careful.The storyline is well designed and explains everything along the way nicely. The game only becomes more interesting when You start discovering new facts about your task.Now the ""more to offer"" part. The graphics style is something I've never seen before and I love it. It's simple and beautiful, perfect is the best way to describe the graphics. Same goes for the soundtrack, matches the game beautifully.All together this game is a must have for every stealth game enthusiast out there."
,Not Recommended,280160,33123930,Posted: 2 July,all,dyn,"+Great soundtrack.+Has level editor.+Great shadow mechanics, but I didn't like the shadowmaking skill at all.+/- Average visual style.-Dull gameplay. Game gets dull very quickly. Every kill is same, and executed with spacebar. Unexciting kill moves.-Huge framerate issues. Bad optimization.-Coop synchronization at mission start takes long.-Boring cutscenes, dull characters.You can't get in the character, and story due to dull cutscenes, and gameplay. Poor graphical optimization. Despite of having great soundtrack, and shadow mechanics, decent graphic style, there are something lacks. Devs should play, or watch ""Mark of the Ninja"" the game by Klei to see what is missing. I know it's a 2D side-scroller game, but has nearly everything (cutscene, art style, equipment, and character variety) that a stealth game should have. I expected something more, but didn't like the outcome. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend it in this price tag."
,Recommended,280160,30950420,Posted: 4 April,all,GAN TOGE LOVER,like a Tenchu. AWESOME!!
76561198165945797,Recommended,280160,27351445,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sir_Mathias,"wow just wow, this is an amazing game, challenging gameplay (stealth wise) fluid controls/movement, and the artstyle fits it SO well, i would buy this game even at full price, co-op is pretty smooth as well, havent had many bugs if any, i highly reccomend this game 10/10"
,Recommended,280160,26182898,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Mirtis,Music - 8/10Gameplay - 9/10Story - 5/10Charcters - 5/10Artstyle - 8/1070/100%Buy it already
,Recommended,280160,26093029,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ponkke,"If you like stealth games and games where you feel yourself being powerful, you will definately like this one! One of my new favourite games for sure! Also extra points for the fact that there's a co-op mode, even thought I haven't been able to test it out yet."
,Recommended,280160,31885290,Posted: 21 May,all,Hezza B,"I don't normally write reviews but, hats off to this game. Seriously if you don't have it, get it!The graphics are clean and beautiful.Gameplay is unique and challenging, gets harder with progression but your skill level usually matches the difficulty.and the story plot is on point! really enjoyed it.has community maps for added challenges too.I would like to see more enamy types and animations but at this point its just additions to a really solid and fun game to play,"
,Recommended,280160,32915724,Posted: 27 June,all,Bangin' ass,"If you like to be a sneaky boy and killing the bad guys like a boss then this is the game for you.The graphics are very good and you don't need to have 4 GTX Titan to run this game.A game worth the price, plus it's on sale ;)"
,Recommended,280160,28959873,Posted: 2 January,all,d3r3kk,"Fun game, great stealth aspect to the gameplay. If you don't care for stealth games then this is not for you. Cool characters and interesting environments. Perhaps slightly repetetive in how level progression works, but the abilities you unlock kept my interest up during play. Great game for picking up and putting down, playing a bit here and there (the only way I can play with a 5-year old in the house)."
76561198094757798,Recommended,280160,34788155,Posted: 6 September,all,DukeGroundFlyer,"Aragmi is, in it's purest form, a true stealth game. Not one for the hack and slash ""stealth"" games, but a literal silent ninja where everything must be either to decieve, kill without being scene, or even just plain out avoid enemies altogether.Now, within the stealth game routes, this game amazingly has tons of freedom. You can do any of the afore mentioned tactics, a combination of some, or any other stealth idea you can image. The gameplay feels very intuitive and the shadow arts that you get make you truely feel like a ninja of the shadows; teleporting, sneaking, and transforming the shadows to your will. This is not a game for those who like pure action and beat-'em-up games. But if you're looking for a very high quality stealth game in which you can be in covert missions however you see fit and have the power of practically night its self, this is the best game out there for you. This DEFINITELY should be picked up by any stealth fans, as it does the genre justice and beyond."
,Recommended,280160,35078717,Posted: 19 September,all,LoneWolf,You like ninjas? Get this gameYou like stealth? Get this gameYou like to play like a guy guys who has shikamaru's shadow ninjutsu? Get this gameyou like summoning dragons and snakes out of nowhere to devour your enemies? Get this gameyou like twists which hit you like a brick? Get this gameEnough said 10/10
,Recommended,280160,25911008,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mettil,"Fantastic stealth game worth the $20 price tag.Pros:-Varied skill trees, though some skills more useful than others.-Character development requires exploration.-Excellent level design and game mechanics (shadow leaping, etc).-Stylized graphics and pretty good kill animations.-Ranking system at end of each level.Cons:-Dumb AI.  Half deaf with no peripheral vision.-Checkpoint system means you will replay big chunks of levels when you mess up.  Admittedly, manual saves would make the game too easy.Buy it.  If you like stealth games, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,280160,33776843,Posted: 24 July,all,[D◊sk]Archdemon,"Beautiful, polished, excellent. If you enjoy the art of stealth, this is the game for you."
76561198303055397,Recommended,280160,33104902,Posted: 1 July,all,Heroderp,"Rly fun game,nice story,good skill tree rate,nice multiplayer co-op mode. 8/10"
,Recommended,280160,26477650,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mister QpraZe☢,"this game is wonderful. the story line is catching and the music is so relaxing.BUT is it worth 20 bucks? would have been better for 10-15 bucksi say: nowhy? even though the story line is wonderful, it still aint the best. like the co op function is hardly working because you have to wait for quite some time to find someone to play with.and the AI is acting like they are giant idiots. but still fun to kill all of them :)still the gameplay is addictive for some time. the killing animations give a great feeling and the powers you have make you feel cool.i rate the game 7/10good story line, but kind of short.hard to find players in co opif done with the game, there is not much more reason to replay the gamestill great animations and the drawstyle is amazing!it has like every other game, bad sides and good sides"
,Recommended,280160,33264622,Posted: 5 July,all,Mirko,Budget animations and a predictable uninspired story don't stop Aragami from being a entertaining but short game.worth picking up in a sale if your looking for a stealth game.
,Recommended,280160,31346961,Posted: 24 April,all,War Doggo,"I've been itching to play a ninja-style game ever since the good ol' days of TenchuZ and Aragami definitely scratches my itch! The smooth gameplay and unique ""shadow"" mechanic are very fun and the Cel shaded visuals are very pleasing to the eye! I give this game a 10/10, definitely would play all day!"
,Recommended,280160,29300369,Posted: 16 January,all,Gluekek,It's a really nice game with great mechanics an I enjoy it quite alot. The narrative however isn't that good and just falls flat for the most part since it is so cliché and doesn't really ever get intresting. I'd say that the gameplay is what really keeps it up at the level of the good games of it's year. 7/10 singleplayer.Coop is bassically playing the games story but with a friend helping you out. I see no purpose for it except for when you kill the enemies. It get's harder the further you come like in any game and I like that it does that and sometimes even puts in extra things to concider when playing some levels like for example flashing lights that makes it so that the enemy can see you where a shadow used to be before the flash. however it gets annoying when the things don't work like they should for example everyone getting alerted right after you respawn and when enemies kill you when they're dying and nobody else is around. The chapter I got these problems the most on is on chapter 10 which seemed to be the most buggy and glitchy of them all with enemies being invisible for the joining player. the only thing letting down the games coop is it's bugs and glitches and although it's only one thing it's a thing that must not exist or atleast barely exist. I believe that this game could improve if the developers just kept supporting it to this day. overall it's kind of an annoying experience and I give it a 4/10 it's quite broken but when it works it feels like it should
76561198091510997,Recommended,280160,33540456,Posted: 14 July,all,SneakySnake,"Ok so at first i was a bit sceptical about this game. The stealth mechanics were a bit weird at the beginning. But then I learned how the mechanics actually work and all of a sudden it made sense (yes, I was a little bit confused about how the detection worked...shut up and leave me alone!)Even though I got this game on sale I would still buy it again even if it wasn't. It's awesome and the addition of having a co-op mode is just simply amazing.This game is best played with a friend but it's still amazing when played alone."
76561198060655745,Recommended,280160,25913244,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ErykDante,"This game is phenomenal! The gameplay is very fluid. I love it. And for the people who still don't know if to buy or not, I would say yes. The game is not as hard as most people say. I was a bit scared of it aswell."
76561198032503790,Recommended,280160,25868751,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kotakii,"For a £14 game this is phenomenal. I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was.The story itself is relatively short, but this is counteracted by the differing ways you can play each level:Not setting off any alerts, not killing any guards or killing everyone.The movement in this game feels incredibly satisfying and gives an air of freedom, even if you are limited to the shadows to stay hidden.Whilst your powers start of relatively simple, the games rewards you for exploring each level to find scrolls (which grant skill points), allowing you to grow quite an expansive resevoir of abilities.Of course, this means the game is completely do-able without exploring for the extra skill points as well.Overall, I would definitely recommend this if you're a fan of the stealth genre."
,Recommended,280160,25984772,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Why so Tosic?,100% worth playing had alot of fun chaptor 12 was a little bit too hard but ok and the story and the end was great i would buy a second version from the game too :)
,Recommended,280160,25986175,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Karaionic,"I personally found this game extremely fun for a co-op game, because me and sister find it hard to find a co-op game we enjoy where it is not region lock so i'm thankful to them for fixing it because games are the only way i can spend time with her.Anyway i think it a very good stealth game and you even have a skill tree with different abilities so when playing with someone else you can pick different skills to compliment each other at the start. Also if like me and my sister where stealth game inst your forte  then that fine, it just makes the game more funny to play (if your both not to serious about it).https://youtu.be/sp3ZZjMInh4"
,Recommended,280160,25918925,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zykrin,"I am a huge fan of stealth, and this game.. oh this game pushes all my buttons.The art style is beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing. The animations are are polished and satisfying. (the sound it makes when you assassinate someone is just brutal.)All the skills in the game are super useful, there isn't a single skill that has not helped me multiple times getting out of a dangerous situation or just obliterate someone standing in my way.It's not as easy as other games that involve stealth in them. Most of the time you can stand right next to an enemy and he won't see you, well not in Aragami. This game is challenging, and that is what I love about it.So basically this game is amazing, and it even has co-op. What more do you want? Go buy it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------P.S Finally a game that has kept my attention so well that I can play it for hours straight without getting bored."
76561198025881281,Recommended,280160,25925964,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,homarid,"This game was a lot better than I was expecting.You take the role of an arigami. You are a vengeful spirit summoned by a priestess to rescue her from palace she has been trapped in (mario reference anyone). You will be going through each level killing (or sneaking past) enemies collecting plot items to free the priestess. At first combat was slow and methodical. I would scout out enemies, observe their patrol routes, and take them out, but later in the game I found you could pull off some pretty crazy moves with all the skills unlocked and a bit of experience. There are no health bars, you one shot enemies and they one shot you, except for bosses which take a few hits.They really nailed the setting in this game. I actually got immersed. The scenery is gorgeous. Dense forests, samurai, and japanese architexture. The art style is some sort of combination of cell shaded environment, blizzard like character, and their own twist. Then you have soothing japan-esque background music going along with some standard battle music drums ect. I enjoyed the music quite a bit.I didn't notice any extra difficulty setting, but there was plenty of challenge. The ai can be very smart at times and other times where you feel cheated, but try to work past that. Then there are the boss battles. Wow these were so hard. Good luck. At first I thought the game was going to be really long, but most of that was my fault for poor play. The last few levels that were not bosses went by pretty quickly. In total I clocked in 10 hours for my first playthrough.If you are looking for a stealth style action game you should really give this game a shot."
76561198119037710,Recommended,280160,35227873,Posted: 26 September,all,The Lonely Cowboy,"Such a good game, the mechanics are a bit wierd and cutscene animations are a bit lack luster BUT the story is very good and the ending is INCREDIBLE, there is an element of mystery that keeps you going throught the levels and a bit of interesting puzzle solving and parkouring. HIghly Recommend, if its on sale BUY IT."
76561198036091185,Recommended,280160,30325079,Posted: 4 March,all,Ebin Caps,"Fun Gameplay with an okay story + Co-op!I really liked the art & level design.The whole story can be played in co-op, which I did with a friend and we had fun.There is a mission maker in which you can make your own levels.- Rather short and not many things to do after you are done with the story.I would say that it is worth it after a 20-30% sale."
76561198008911881,Not Recommended,280160,32784523,Posted: 25 June,all,118 - 110,"I don't want to go so far and say this is a bad game. I think the creators worked very hard but it is loaded with issues noticible by the first hour of play. Lets start with the first thing noticed; movement.Movement is something i'm particularly picky about and this game really bothered me right from the start. Ascethically you are a shadow ninja, you would assume that would mean you are athletic and nimble but I didn't get that feeling for a second. You cannot jump in this game, which isnt inherintly a problem as you have the ability to teleport to shadows on a constant basis. If you play for pure stealth the entire game is essentially just using the dishonored blink ability to jump through the level. This is frustrating when you have to look directly at where you have to teleport. If for example you are on a cliff face with a small wall infront of you and you want to blink to the otherside you have to teleport first onto the wall then over. This is a problem because the walls are normally not cloaked in shadow and standing on them will get you spotted. Secondly the movement feels sluggish and the animations don't help with that. For a ninja you move slow and all the animations are slow, except for blinking so thats what you will be doing the entire game. also your character will occasionally move in ways you did not tell them to. Teleport into a shadow just big enough to hide you? Too bad your character decides he cant stand there and without you pressing anything walks out. Stealth games rely on player control so when they make a mistake they know it was them and not the game being unfair and anytime they do things like this it takes off points.Okay now lets actually talk about stealth. The game functions by shadows being good and light being bad. All abilities use shadow and recharge in shadow while bright light drains them. its a good concept but the problem is that it is the only way the game recognizes stealth. Hiding behind a wall but not in shadows? Spotted. Directly above an enemy on a rafter but not in shadows? Spotted. Essentially if you are out of shadows and there is a guard anywhere nearby, spotted. So stick to the shadows I hear you say. this is where the second problem comes in. You can stand right next to a guard and as long as you are in the shadows its fine but only if you are crouching. Because for some reason a shadow ninja in a shadow is less likely to be detected even though the guard is facing the other direction if they are crouching. It just doesnt make any sense and when I found this out it threw me right out of the world.  Now any sort of movement that you perform in the game pretty much gives away your position. walking and running are not safe but you are able to crouch walk in shadows with only a small chance of being seen. so if moving will give you away the only real choice is to blink. And that is exactly what this game is. Just blink through the entire map (just hope that where you blink is big enough to hide in). Its the most effective strategy and the game prety much forces you to do it. Too bad it just isnt fun. Unlike in other stealth games you don't have a world to play with. Its not a sandbox with interesting AI, cool tactics or visceral animations. It's more like a puzzle game of where to point and Right Click. Now you can left click to create shadows too, which was cool the first time I did it. But all this means is more blinking. Left click, then right click... wait to recharge. that is the game.This isnt to say its all bad. It has a cool asthetic and I like how everything looked even with me not being a huge fan of ninjas. The Character designs are all right and the world and story they were painting were intriguing me. I wanted to see more of the story but sadly the gameplay had such a disconnect that I have dropped it after about an hour. I love stealth games and I am picking. Maybe i will come back to it at some point, but for now i'd rather just go play Mark of the Ninja.This game is not bad, it just has a lot of problems. If you are out of stealth games sure give this one a try but don't expect a lot. To everyone else looking for a Ninja stealth game. Get Mark of the Ninja. And if you want to be a teleporting assassin get Dishonored."
,Not Recommended,280160,33002352,Posted: 29 June,all,Kimberlube,"I thought that even though Aragami was a good game, there were still a lot more flaws that really outweighed the good in this game.For one, through out the whole game, a person would only say one or two words in Japanese and then they would stop talking and you would read the subtitles (which I obviously thought was okay) but during the last boss fightYamikowas actually speaking Japanese during the whole cutscene. I just thought that this was very annoying because if it's possible to have a character talk during the whole cut scene you might as well do it? Seemed very rushed on their part.Lastly, the game is SUPER glitchy. Sometimes when you're sttacking an enemy, it doesn't even register that you've tried to even hit the enemy. Also, I feel like the Hard difficulty was just plain ridiculous. I'm not too sure if they were trying to go for realistic, but you couldn't even sneak close to them (even if it was behind them) to get a kill because they would just hear you and immediately sound the alarm.All-in-all, this game was fun when I played it with my friend, but I think that Aragami has little to no replay value. The glitchy-ness will make you want to stop playing this game. Although, I think that this game would be worth the proce if it were around $5-$10. $20 was a little too excessive."
,Recommended,280160,26922020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Velvet,A good stealth game with an above average story.Bugs ang glitches here and there so pretty funny with friends.
,Recommended,280160,32832913,Posted: 26 June,all,JGrahamH,Didn't look too much into it before buying it. Ended up really liking it.
76561198005597628,Recommended,280160,25862562,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Vorzo,"Never written a review before so im not sure if there's some kinda ""format"" im supposed to follow but after playing this game I definitely have to give my 2 cents.After beating the game moments ago I was left sitting here questioning what I should do with my life now that I beat this game. The answer is simple really.. Get 100% completion.. But in all seriousness this game was absolutely amazing. I loved the art style, the music, and definitely the story. I was completely invested in the game from chapter 1 all the way to chapter 13. Every moment spent playing this game was a moment well spent in my opinion. The ending left me a broken man. I even sat through the credits and actually read through them all. The game devs and everyone who helped work on this game did an amazing job at just about everything pretty much. Even though I ""beat"" the game, It's not really over. I played through as a pacifist so now i have to go through and murder just about everyone I can. Even after I do that, I can come back and play with my friends. So long story short. Should you buy this game? Why haven't you already?"
,Recommended,280160,33593509,Posted: 16 July,all,Ghoti,NINJA !!
76561198020085437,Recommended,280160,25860307,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Aragami is a well put together Stealth game, it feels good to kill, theres enough challenge for it be fun, and then it looks awesome, Do you like sneaking around, killing guards? this one is really awesome, and feels awesome, worth the price.Heres some gameplayhttps://youtu.be/k_xdBbE5Grk"
,Recommended,280160,26081713,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Theyoyofreak,"I don't do much reviews on games, but I felt like I needed to for this game. I remember seeing the trailer for this game at E3 and automatically wanted to play this game, I'm a huge fan of dishonored and Aragami has a lot of characteristics that really made me quite interested, I mean who wouldn't wanna play as a Shadow Ninja?!? I bought this game I think a day after it came out (I would've bought it when it came out if I didn't have to work) and fell in love with it right away, the atmosphere, gameplay, story, and the music, especially the Music (Amazing job Two Feathers!) Now I won't say this game doesn't have bugs because it does, I've ran into a few myself but I'm use to bugs in video games since I do FQA (functionality quality assurance, A.K.A Video game tester.) But from what I see the Developers are more than willing to talk to people to find Bugs they have found and fix them, and most of them aren't even that big of a deal, Also it has co-op which I didn't even know until I bought the game for my friend and he invited me to a game, all in all I think Aragami is a superb game and I plan on playing this game again and again, and plan on getting perfect runs.Also I would seriosuly recommend getting the Collector's Edition for this game, The concpet Art is so cool and the music is just so amazing, it's hard to put into words how amazing the music is, and It comes with Developer Diaries which just really goes to show how much effort they put into letting Aragami actually being a game, even when it was really hard, Thanks Linceworks for such an amazing game, I really look forward to seeing what other ideas you have!sincerely, Nick!"
,Recommended,280160,25872268,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,rokmcBamm,"REVIEW AFTER ONE PLAYTHROUGHBought it the day it came out, immediately started playing, and finished it in one sitting.Overall, a solid gaming experience.Aragami reminds me of titles such as Zelda and Okami not only because Aragami uses similar voice effects for characters but also because Aragami's graphics and soundtracks resembles the former titles' soundtracks.The artistic nature of the game definitely makes the experience a good one.Gameplay-wise, Aragami is DIFFERENT to Zelda or Okami.On the contrary, Aragami feels more like a mixture of Dishonored and Mark of the Ninja.Aragami's 'blink' ability and overall emphasis of stealthiness contributes to the Dishonored-like experience.Aragami's limited combat abilities (there are ABSOLUTELY NO face-to-face combat in this game) remind me of Mark of the Ninja.Here are the pros and cons:+ Visuals (9/10)+ Sound (10/10)+ Story (8/10)+ Not too grindy collectibles (easy once you unlock a certain perk)+ Interesting and bad♥♥♥♥♥skill upgrades (most of them not overpowered, a couple too overpowered)+ Emphasis on stealth+ Provides the opportunity to replay game with all upgrades- Once I've unlocked the perk mentioned above, the game kinda got too easy- Glitches concerning Aragami's movements (occasionally will lead to death due to falls)- Sometimes, the white-hair girl (Yuriko?) talks too much- Boss fights showed some glitches where my attacks simply wouldn't take, eventhough I was not detectedAlthough the game could use some patches to address some of the issues,I would definitely strongly recommend this game to any gamers.Especially, if you like stealth games, this is one of the best, although it can't beat Tenchu.The difficulty may disappoint some gamers who enjoy challenge.However, the replayability and the overall fun of sneaking up on guards makes up for this,on top of the achievements like the 'never detected,' '0 kill on mission,' or 'killed everyone on mission'which all give gamers an extra incentive to retry the game with different criteria.May be considered to be pricey, but if it's on sale, definitely get it."
,Recommended,280160,25865075,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Verdoc,"As a fan of the old Tenchu games when i saw Aragami awhile back when they first offered a demo, I fell in love with the tenchu with a dishonored twist style of gameplay.The premise of the story is you are an aragami (a vengeful spirit) summoned in to the world of the living to help free an imprisoned woman from the light adepts. The only way to do this is to use the shadows and element of surprise (since you die in one hit) to collect all the sealing items to break her free.The graphics aren't the prettiest retina burning 4k resolution textures that most games released now a'days are but they are a style of cell shading that gives the game its own charm and distinct style. This style lends a certain comic book/manga feel to the game.The gameplay was smooth and i never felt like a death was unfair, each death i accumilated was because i messed up or didnt plan properly, the combat is ristricted to hit and run kind of tactics since we are supposed to be an assassin i didnt have a problem with the stealth required kind of combat. As you play you can collect skill point scrolls that will allow you to gain new abilites, like kunai, traps, and new shadow abilites which will allow you to be a bit more agressive or add more range to your arsenal.The animation in some cutscenes is a bit wonky or choppy but that my one and only complaint, other than that i enjoyed the experince of this game very much and will be playing through again with a buddy in the co-opTL;DR what are you doing buy the game 9/10 looking forward to see what this studio creates in the future."
,Recommended,280160,28916203,Posted: 1 January,all,✪,"It's a good Assassin's Creed-like game, just without the guns- and a lot shorter. Very fun if you have a friend to play with though. I would recommend if you like to stab people..."
,Recommended,280160,25970553,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,levelxplane,"Beat in less than 10 hours without killing anyone, but enjoyed every second of it. Definitely worth $20. Will probably go through again on a killing spree while also collecting lore-related collectibles."
,Recommended,280160,32955142,Posted: 28 June,all,Luke,"It's just a version of assassin's creed, which does everything right, what assassin's creed did wrong."
,Recommended,280160,25909989,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PUBLIX Mint Choc Chip Ice Cream,"The controls are but rigid and there a few small bugs here and there, but it is a ton of fun with a friend. I bought this for my pal and I, and we had tons of fun. The single player isn't bad, but it's more chaotic with somenone there to screw up all your plans. :DI think this could be the beginning to a great IP."
,Recommended,280160,30894321,Posted: 1 April,all,I-Za-Ya-Kun,"Stealth,Death over 9000,kills over 9000,amazing art style on all graphics settings,being a vengefull spirit making your way through a whole for some reason infinite night because you are gonna become toast if the sun comes out the lore says.Though its a really good game with a lot of ways of playing it reminds me of undertale for the reason that you can complete the levels with three ways(pacifist,genoside,kill or not) and has a lot of replay value for the reason that you get nice things after beating every defficulty and collecting all the medals also this game doesnt even touches the pay to win mechanic for the reason that you just buy the game which has amazing concept and to get skins you have to get some medals of each class to unlock them if you beat it you can play again harder and with more challenges in it."
,Recommended,280160,32997933,Posted: 29 June,all,MNE.JVoorhees,"REVIEW SUBJECT TO MANY UPDATES-Rating- 7/10Aragami is a 3rd person (cel shaded) stealth ninja game that is basically a spiritual successor to the Tenchu series, and in my opinion, it's a really awesome hidden gem. The controls feel VERY close to what I can remember they felt like on Tenchu for the ole Playstation, which I have spent countless hours playing as a teenager."
,Recommended,280160,32878899,Posted: 27 June,all,Ryan,"Aragami... So much things to say so I'll just go ahead with the Pros and Cons of the game as most reviews do:PS: SPOILERS BEWARE!!!Pros:Stealth - I have to say the Stealth mechanic in the game makes the game both challenging and fun at the same time making the expereience (especially in Co - Op) much more enjoyable.COOP - Before I get into the coop this is not a must have friend game but much recommended as it makes the experience fun. The coop in the game is quite unique for you must strategize your every move with your partner (for example not getting notice by guards when taking them out).Art Style: Last Pro before I get into the Cons but this is quite an important one regarding the looks of the game.The game is quite (surprisingly) beautiful! I mean it's simple art style but the simplicity is what makes it really enjoyable to observe.Cons:Campagin - So one of the dissapointments of the game was the Campaign of Aragami, Either playing Solo or COOP the Camaign is not as fun as expected.. Don't get me wrong the game is fun but not for playing the Campagin.. for killing guards with a friend sure :)Shadow Teleport: The game presents a ""Shadow Teleport"" thingy mechanic which lets you teleport to places using your Shadows abilities and is rechargable only by staying in the shadows which is a problem in the game all by itself, but I'll get to that in a bit. The shadows teleport is annoying considering it somtimes doesn't work when you want it too and the recharge mechanic (need to stay in the shadows) and it's a huge waste of time.Shadows Stealth: The shadows considering stealth in game is quite horrible.. When the game starts you get the impression that when in the shadows you will not be spotted by guards which is not the case completly.. In other words you can have a good stealth experience even if you don't stay in the shadows all the time.Guards: The guards in the game are completely messed up.. they spot you easily and sometimes doesn't matter if you pressed ""Space"" first to kill them they will push you back and kill you no matter what in other words: FRUSTRATING!Verdict: Aragami is a fun and beautiful game to play with a friend or alone the experience is quite the same but on the other hand not quite so.. It's worth the spend even due to it's short and weak Campaign the stealth in the game is enjoyable for the most parts and the challenge is meant to be taken to this awesome game."
,Recommended,280160,33742879,Posted: 23 July,all,Ð⍶𝔯𝑘𝔫𝔢𝔰𝔰,"[This review is my opinion not a defined fact, please don't let me discourage you from buying Aragami]This is a very fun game, except for two blaringly obvious points, for example: puzzles in this game aren't fun at all (unless you're into lot's of constant grinding) a puzzle should be a fun challenge that is hard to work out but easy to complete with the correct solution; the game is very poorly optimized and so smaller or older computers will run it poorly.However it is a very fun stealth game and I would recommend it."
76561198065241730,Recommended,280160,25929859,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AurumWeaver,"The 2-3 first hours of the game being its weakest part, the last 10 hours of the story largely makes up for it.- Amazing freedom of movement with the shadow teleportation system, making you one with the shadows.- A surprisigly good story with diverse and very well designed but demanding bosses, well adapted to the gameplay.- Like Styx: Master of Shadows, the game focuses on pure stealth and exploration - it won't be easy.- The soundtrack is a gift of the gods, and by gods I mean the composer, Two Feathers.- Artistically impressive and consistent, which a lot of manga-ish and cel-shading games can't accomplish.- Incredibly badass Shadow Kill technique, plus a few excellent skills that will make your journey easier - the Shinen, a deadly vacuum you can place on the ground or even on your enemies before activating it and swallowing a whole group of unsuspecting warriors, Shadow Forms to attract your enemies, the Kurosuna to blind entire groups of enemies, ledge and ceiling executions, Shadow Kunai, invisibility - your enemies stand no chance. Or do they?- A level editor in the works- Good story coopOverall, the game isn't without its flaws, but it's probably one of the best infiltration games of 2016. So far, nothing equals HITMAN™, but then again, it's an impressive feat to be not so far behind it when you know Lince Works is a very small studio.My recommendation? For 20$, this is about the best quality/price value you'll get. Buy it."
76561198129380421,Recommended,280160,25880886,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,JayBlue,"This is a ninja stealth game that utilizes light and dark mechanics for a unique experience. It's a very simple yet fun game to play where you use the shadows in order to use your techniques. It has an immersive system where you see the back of your cape to know how much technique skills you have left to use, as well as how much ""shadow"" you have left. When you run out, you simply sit in a shadow and it will regenerate(have to go to shrines to restore skills). I'm using an Xbox One wired controller, and the controls are smooth and simple. It's an easy game to play, but don't let that fool you, there is still a challenge here. Once you get your hands on a few abilities that you will have to unlock a little later on, you can be more versatile with what you want to do. This is a clean game that doesn't do too much, and it provides you with a good, fun, quality experience that you're not going to have too many gripes about."
,Recommended,280160,25884328,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lon,"This game is rad. If you're a fan of stealth gameplay, this game really scratches that itch. The big mechanic is basically the blink function from Dishonored, traversing from shadow to shadow as a supernatural ninja. This combined with the Japanese setting makes for a beautiful game. Check it out!"
76561198047518635,Recommended,280160,25886061,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,h0rnyfavn,"Well,ladies and gents, it's a very good game albeit not without some flaws.Basically it's Mark of The Ninja 3D.If you prefer to rush forward swinging your sword left and right this game is not for you.Actually, if enemies see you long enough to aggro and you haven't disappeared, killed\blinded (or whatever) them then you are dead.The same applies to mobs. We live and fight by the take no prisoners motto.There is no fighting involved, just executions using our trusted sword and magical abilities.+ satisfying stealth+ amazing music+ nice and useful abilities+ good voice over+ fairly good story with a twist+ graphics is pretty simple but the art style is great+ performance ranges from very good to mediocre(rarely), mostly good.+ the pricing is reasonable- the first boss encounter (Besides the boss who is tracking you constantly it has a very limited area\hostile mobs around\flying light orbs\no checkpoints\ and it's not that clear what we are supposed to do at some point)- enemies variety is limited- just a few abilities- too many ""disable The Barrier Of Light"" objectives-limited movement\combatI finished it in ~ 15+ hours but I'm a slowpoke when it comes to playing games.7.5+/10I liked it."
,Recommended,280160,31006808,Posted: 7 April,all,zombie bones,"This game is beautiful. It's artwork, aestetic and soundtrack are absolutely fantastic.This game offers a fantastic challange, even on easy. The reliance on the shadows and thoughtfulness you have to maintain to achieve successful stealth actions - whether it be sneaking past the enemies or 'conducting assassinations is a wonderful change of pace.Haven't played the multi-player aspect of it yet, but I can only imagine how much more interesting it becomes while conducting as a team."
,Recommended,280160,34673963,Posted: 1 September,all,leithal,"If you like stealth games, this will be an enjoyable experience for you. There are some glitches and some frustrating moments, but none which seriously impact the game's fun factor. I'd recommend it!"
,Recommended,280160,31639086,Posted: 8 May,all,Captain Serious,"This is one of the coolest stealth genre games I've ever played.  I'm not a huge Anime fan by any measure, but I loved this games aesthetics and art style.The stealthy mechanics we're really fun.  Darting between shadows felt a little like Dishonored's blink ability, with the added bonus of charging up your ""mana"" by staying in darkness.The powers you unlock add variety to the way you choose your attack, and I appreciated the options of playing each level your own way.  (Kill em or avoid em)Worthy of play if you enjoy the genre.  It does everything well, with the exception of its saving system.  The auto save only feature shouldn't be.  In a game that takes patience and missions that can take near 60 minutes, I want the ability to save any time I need to go,  Waiting to find the next checkpoint can be off putting.All in all a great experience."
76561198058162095,Recommended,280160,35413577,Posted: 2 October,all,Project Zion,"Beautiful design and game mechanics, Aragami will scratch the itch of any stealth nut out there."
,Recommended,280160,35298587,Posted: 29 September,all,the thing is...,Good story with good game play. Sometimes repetitive but never bored. If you like mark of the ninja and dishonered it is the best alternative.
,Recommended,280160,26450961,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,✪ MeLuvWendy's,"Some cool things about this game:- This game is very challanging.- You have to be careful when using your shadow essence.- Some levels will cost you many uses of shadow essence because lack of shadows in those levels- Stealth is optional but it's what the game is made for.- Scrolls are really hard to find, but they are really useful for your strategy on this game.Some things that i don't like on this game:- The camera is a disaster ._.""- Still has many bugs- Power is very important and the scrolls are hard to find8/10 I don't regret buying this game"
,Recommended,280160,28853430,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tabbyloaf,"One of the most interesting, challenging games I have played in awhile and it really challenged me to think about my actions and how to get past certain Enemies.Rating: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,280160,32700392,Posted: 23 June,all,Avent Cey,"Right now I cannot recommend this game. It would only take one tiny change for this game to be an awesome game, but this one flaw is enough that I've been infuriated enough times to have stopped playing the game. The problem? Checkpoint autosaves. Normally this is fine, normally I have no problem with this, but the problem is that taking out all the enemies in an area can take 20+ minutes, and if you happen to die on the last one, you have to start over.I had accepted this for a while, until I did a shadow jump earlier into what appeared to be a shadow after clearing an entire area of enemies. This was not a shadow. The game allowed me to shadow jump directly into a river. And apparently so much as touching the river is instant death. Due to accidentally falling into the river, 20+ minutes of progress was gone and I had to start the whole area over again. THIS IS A TERRIBLE DESIGN.I have a blast playing this game when I'm doing well, but one mistake and I'm ready to throw my controller through the TV and ragequit. Please, please enable manual saving (require some distance from enemies to do it or something, I don't care) or autosave more often, or at LEAST make falling into the water teleport you back to land instead of undoing all your progress. PLEASE. I would change my review to absolutely positive if this would change, but I just can't say good things while this mechanic is in place."
76561198083807273,Recommended,280160,27284651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaotic,"Love indie gamse and this honestly has to be one of my top 5, like a spiritual succesor to mark of the ninja."
,Recommended,280160,30930647,Posted: 3 April,all,T-Bo,"I'd rather just buy and play Dishonored tbh since Aragami is ridiculously demanding and is more of the Japenese third person version of the game imo but still it's fun, and can pretty boring at times"
76561198314140928,Recommended,280160,32952432,Posted: 28 June,all,RinyaLeonheart,This is my first stealth game so I don't have any other games to compare to but this game is SO MUCH FUN~ It's not too hard for a first timer yet it doesn't feel TOO easy (mind you I play on easy lol). And the sound track for the game is nice which is a plus. Could see myself playing this game again and again. This game definately made me consider other stealth game in the future.
,Recommended,280160,33116803,Posted: 1 July,all,Sovande,"So far a really great game, there just needs a few camera fixs and animation tweaks then boom It will be even better"
76561197963382058,Recommended,280160,26133675,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,apina,"Half way through, it have been worth every penny so far... Can't wait for next part"
76561197997714533,Recommended,280160,33121246,Posted: 2 July,all,IVAN@,Good game..Reminds me TENCHU back then
76561198345919934,Recommended,280160,32862182,Posted: 27 June,all,Hot Hot Cat,"This game's style is great, but the mouse feeling is not very nice.The game's content is very rich,just like  a story. A great game!recommended!"
76561198053553711,Recommended,280160,33106788,Posted: 1 July,all,Occupant of Room 73,"Almost every ""stealth"" game I have ever had consisted of me crouching for a while and then getting spotted and going into ""kill/beat up everyone"" mode and then rinse and repeat. Not this game you must master stealth in order to beat this game or else you will die over and over and over again. If you like the sound of a true stealth game get this. Also take a look at Mark of the Ninja if you like this kind of game."
,Recommended,280160,32868297,Posted: 27 June,all,Get to the Choppa!!!,A ton of fun whether you play stealth or just murder everyone!
,Recommended,280160,33176291,Posted: 3 July,all,Hamvy,fun and good stealth game
,Recommended,280160,33234952,Posted: 4 July,all,ItsCheif,"Nice stealth game with co-op!Feels a lot like Dishonored but with no combat and in third person.Unique mechanics like the shadow essence functions a lot like Mana but with a twist.Fun challenges like No Detection, No Kills, and Kill All.Has a disapointing boss battle but the story makes up for it.Speaking of story, highly predictable but still fun to play through. Very simple linear journey with a plot twist."
76561198396338896,Recommended,280160,32918468,Posted: 28 June,all,_guess Who?,"This game is amazing! Beautiful artwork and design, decent enough graphics, gamplay is fluid with some minor issues but very doable, the worldplay and stealth elements are spot on ninja.It has his minor bugs, and gameplay issues...But overrall, its a Perfect 5/7 ."
,Recommended,280160,30591159,Posted: 18 March,all,TheMetallicHeart,+it's a fun sneaky game with an interesting storybut you need a good computer or it will lag-the fog in the game is so dense you can bearly see anything-you don't get a map-you can't change the controlsbtw I managed to get stuck in a human-sized window :\
,Recommended,280160,26059261,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Llamarino,+100 Troll Kill
,Recommended,280160,33233436,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"played it in online coop with my boyfriend, short but sweet story, its fun to eliminate the enemies and the battles get intensejust wish it would have been longer and more complexshould buy if you want to re-live rikimaru and ayame's days"
76561198147197451,Recommended,280160,33169026,Posted: 2 July,all,ThePajamaPirate,"One of the Best Stealth Co-op Games out there..In Aragami you play as Assassin with powers like shadow travel, killing with kunai, killing with Shadow monsters and few more. The story line is good as well as OST is beautifully composed. The game is more fun when played with friend. Those Stealthy Synchronize kills and Saving fellow Assassin when he ramdomly gets detected by guards adds more fun to game."
,Recommended,280160,31471863,Posted: 30 April,all,JarmenKell,"i really loved the art style of the game combined with the stealth/assassin-work you got to do!if you like this kind of art style anyways... GOOD, if you never tried it, its definitely worth and beautiful to look at!despite some bugs (that can really f*** up your run if appearing at the wrong time) its not that dramatic since there is a checkpoint after every big or hard part of the game (e.g. teleporting below the world if you try shadow-teleporting to a not optimal part between rocks or bushes, sometimes ledge teleport not going as you planned or guards suddenly going in a curve for no real reason instead of heading to the straight point you want them to)the real fun already begins in finding out what you are really able to do with the shadows, how and when to use them as well as deciding what type of ninja you wanna be (trying to run through the missions without killing anybody, or trying to kill every guard on the map [i preferred that one personally :D], or in the end like me you just play through it two times for both)the story is okay, you might like it, you might not, its obviously subjective, but the thing about the story in this game lies within the fashion its told to you (not gonna spoil it here :P), find it outSUMMARY: if you like nice art and assassinating/stealthing stuff, definitely try it - since there are different types of playing this game, you can invest some time in it and it still wont frustratingly eat up all of your time !-> 100% achieves here :D"
,Recommended,280160,32740819,Posted: 24 June,all,BABA GANOUSH,"Good game worth all 10 dollars! Very good plot, and especially co-op stelath gameplay! 100% recommend for everyone who loves stealth and playing with friends!"
,Recommended,280160,25957454,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PhantomPillow,Impressive first impressions:+Great art style and animation+Powers are fun+Co-op!+Tough enemies. You are likely to die if spotted (at least early on)-Story so far seems weak-Repetitive Objectives
76561198157188871,Recommended,280160,28958613,Posted: 2 January,all,SmileyMann,"Good game kinda Tenchu esk except that you die on hit.  I like the core idea and even the gameplay but I'm having trouble with the shadow leap ability.  It doesn't always line up like you expect it to under the cursor and that's with a controller.  The keyboard controls are just weird but I wouldn't say their bad just alien imo.  I've yet to play co-op but it looks like it's a lot of fun if you both know what you're doing.  Rewards stealth. brutality, and pacifism playstyles with Yami, Oni, and Kami medals.  Which, once collected in amounts of 6 and 13 grant you a new skin, each being pretty cool in it's own way."
,Recommended,280160,25922737,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DoctoR Mo|st,Mechanics are a tad wonky I feel. Fun playthrough with a friend if you are looking for a good solo or coop stealth game with rpg elements.
76561198027185147,Recommended,280160,28929218,Posted: 1 January,all,Aerthos,"Amazingly well-done stealth game. Already halfway through the single player game (4.6 hrs) and I am looking forward to doing a different take on my 2nd run through the whole thing. The controls are incredibly intuitive and the art style speaks for itself among all the screenshots you can find.If there is anything to critique the game on it would be the lack of pointing out how to get to the ""Skills"" page to learn new skills (F1 on PC)--I didn't stumble upon it until Chapter 4 and I was doing fine. So take that as further proof of how well-tuned the areas and the basic stealth mechanics are for this game."
76561198091311772,Recommended,280160,28790803,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Juzasso,"Greate game, a ninja splinter cell.The downside is that the game is not well optmized. If you have a computer that runs smoothly most games maxed out in HD, you'll probably get like 30 FPS playing aragami. Probably. Now if you have a computer that play everything on ultra graphics and full HD, buy this game.An example to make it clear:I can play dark souls 2 maxed in 768p with 50+ FPS. Playing aragami I get 15-35 fps low settings, everything else off 720p. Don't let the cartoon graphic fool you. Hope this review can help you."
76561198002499144,Recommended,280160,26175353,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ColloidalSilver,"Middle-school-age me, a big Tenchu fanboy, would've been really happy playing this. By less nostalgic standards, the game is okay! It lacks the polish to be great, but it's definitely worth playing if you're hurting for a good stealth game. You play as a shadow-themed ghost ninja called Aragami and sneak around fantasy Japan in the aftermath of an Avatar-like war between elemental clans. The game's gimmick is that as a shadow elemental, darkness affects your mobility as well as visibility. Safe movement is mostly handled by shadow teleportation, a short-ranged teleport between darkened areas.It's more a stealth game than an action game. Guards are dangerous, but it's mostly mitigated by the minimal backtracking and ample shadows for quick exits. All guards have unblockable one-hit kills, ranged attacks, and you are never completely invisible. That's a dealbreaker for some, according to other reviews. They're easy to kill but it's risky, too. There are enough of them it's often faster and safer to bypass whichever ones you can.As a stealth game, level design is king. Mostly it works! An early example: the cemetery map. Lots of cover, irregular shadows, with the low visibility working both ways. The map has a lot of variety. It's fun to stalk between shrine shadows, close enough for a guard to see, and teleporting past him just as he faces you. Sometimes the game gets hard, especially when navigating around guards in narrow spaces. When the level design involves that while also being highly visible, which happens at least twice, it doesn't work as well.The game has flaws. The boss fights in particular are bad. The first one has an Arkham City Mr. Freeze gimmick that's not telegraphed (it looks like a recent patch changed that, thankfully.) The second is an aimbotting archer. The third is less bad but they move erratically enough to feel random. There's also a trap mid-way through the game that involves a few blind jumps which can kill you. A bad-in-a-fun-way thing is that the geometry can be exploited sometimes. I managed a pair of really lame sequence breaks first time through, and got out of bounds a few times too (I wasn't able to repeat one of them recently, it might've been patched.)There's a letter score ranking and three award ""medals"" at the end of a level. The scoring system is superfluous, but the medals encourage specific playstyles. The medals are ""yurei"" (not triggering alerts,) ""kami"" (not killing anyone,) and ""oni"" (killing everyone.) First time through I played for ""yurei"" and ""kami."" Having upgrades, in late game and on replay, changes things dramatically! It is much faster, easier, and more ""oni."" Playing lethally feeds into a feedback loop of enabling safe exploration, finding more upgrades, and being more lethal. It's a weird choice considering early game disincentivizes unnecessary killing. I'm guessing an early version of the game awarded upgrades based on story progress instead.The game's story is finding macguffins to save a princess. There's obvious plot stuff toward the end. I suspect it was made obvious to add dramatic irony to a fairly thin story. Dialogue is handled by gibberish over text boxes, but different characters have different VA's, and proper nouns are audible in the gibberish (a great little detail.)"
76561198083503945,Recommended,280160,25994093,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Cazara,good game well play
76561198064484697,Recommended,280160,32697972,Posted: 23 June,all,Jimipaige,Reminds me of Tenchu (an old From Software game about ninjas and stabbing dudes). It's also a lot like if Assassin's Creed was finally set in feudal Japan. The powers feel very strong but you die very easily so it doesn't feel too much like cheating. This is a fun game to play for anyone that likes (and misses) 'real' stealth games. The Co-op mode is fun.
,Recommended,280160,32810793,Posted: 26 June,all,Loser,good game
76561198274539333,Recommended,280160,32840136,Posted: 26 June,all,ArcticJack,"Just as good as dishonored, but cheaper."
76561198200074402,Recommended,280160,32246336,Posted: 7 June,all,Pierm,A fun stealth game with an engaging story. Can be glitchy at times but is fun for the price
,Recommended,280160,32874656,Posted: 27 June,all,Cloudy ❄😿,This is by far one of the best inie games I played after Transistor.
,Recommended,280160,32857651,Posted: 27 June,all,AceTopFragMasterNumberOneEliteAF,"I dont often write reviews, but this game earned it. Wow.Pros:-fast or slow paced depending on the player,-Completely unheard of idea, pitting light as the evil force and darkness as good-Wonderful story lineCons:-I wish that there was more options as far as methods of killing. I love that you can play to not kill, but there needs to be more options for killing than stabbing, dragon attacks, and shadow darts.I started playing this as one of those indy games that you see pop up on your queue, but you never actually buy because they have a stupid name or something. I just decided that this one had a good enough plot and name and all that jazz. I havent finished the game yet and have already put about 5 hours into it. I fell in love as soon as I started playing. I didnt think that I would be able to strive in such a difficult game, but the way that it asks you to stick to the shadows was unlike any other game I have played. I loved the idea that you are a soldier for a dark purpose. You are a vengance demon that is invited onto the earth to irradicate soldiers of the light. You make your way through levels packed with guards just waiting to catch something like you and kill it. As you make your way to each objective, youll find that the soldiers are more and more prepaired for you and the fight just keeps becoming more and more fast paced. The thing that I have problems with in most games is keeping up with their pace. Usually they just jump out of tutorial with the hardest level, then maintain a difficulty level throughout the game. Aragami uses more and more soldiers and even a boss now and again, to keep the game at your level. You choose how fast or slow you want to irradicate the entire army. You choose whether you want to even bother the army or not. The game and how you play is ALL up to you and your imagination. If you wanted to, you could even ignore every character and never fight a single person.This is one of my all time favorite games after skyrim and fallout 4. YES! THIS GAME IS BETHESDA LEVEL!"
,Recommended,280160,32780567,Posted: 25 June,all,Chargi,"Nice treat for stealth fans. You feel overpowered very quickly, but you still have the option to only play without killing.Only downside that the main story is very short with about ~6hrsThe soundtrack is awesome!"
,Recommended,280160,33398214,Posted: 9 July,all,The Dangerous Faggot,"9/10This game was entertaing even after i beat it. Co-Op makes for a chummy time and each time you go into a level you can go in with a different playstyle in mind. Aragami has a breathtaking athmosphere with music that pairs well with the level design.The only negatives i have are mainly ""maintance"" issues. Shadow stepping can cause you to fall through the floor everyonce in a whil (which can be either hillarios or frustrating), the mask dlc not being clearly explained (you have to unlock the medals to get the masks), and the AI can be kinda wonky and hard to understand at times.My final verdict is that this game is worth its money and should be given support. For an indie title, it did more than i excpected and leaves me longing to play games like it.p.s.Level 12 will make you want to hang yourself."
,Recommended,280160,25865502,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SpookyBoys!,<3 <3 <3
76561197999819604,Recommended,280160,25957373,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DIBBLE MUNT,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing good, dishonored gameplay with AI that actually has a somewhat decent FOV"
76561197970939224,Recommended,280160,31036870,Posted: 9 April,all,PIK,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. Get it. It's old school gaming frustration, in a good way."
76561198153471878,Recommended,280160,31035818,Posted: 9 April,all,chubbacroft,"Aragami is such a good game. End of. The game has really good graphics, fairly low RAM usage, and very nice controlling and handling. I am currently in love with the game, and am working towards hardmode.PROS:- Controls- Great choice of skins- Tutorial- Graphics- Ram- AWESOME ABILITIESCONS:- Story is quite confusing (especially near the end)- Boss fights aren't massively instructive- AI is often weird- Ability logic can often be - well, illogical.Other than these few issues with the game, I would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of stealth, such as maybe Assassin's Creed, and Theif.Happy Playing!"
,Recommended,280160,31052113,Posted: 9 April,all,theerroe,"Aragami is a very interesting game for anyone looking to find something within the stealth genre. The game's basic mechanic is that you teleport to and from the location of shadows. It creates a very innovative, immersive world that is both puzzling and daring. Good choice for any ninja lovers."
,Recommended,280160,25882679,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,rach,pure stealth coopwhy are there not more of these types of games
76561197999529427,Recommended,280160,29059032,Posted: 6 January,all,Stübi Senpai,"Short version for the impatient:If you like stealth games, particularly atmospheric ones, Aragami is a solid purchase. Fantastic OST, beautiful art and the core gameplay is very satisfying. The only real downsides are the rather gentle difficulty curve, which some veterans of the genre might find too easy, and a rather predictable story which should've been a little more subtle.Longer version:Presentation-wise, Aragami hits all nails straight on the head. The HUD is kept at an absolute bare minimum, the relevant information you need for sucessful stealth all clearly visible on the protagonist himself. Visibility is indicated by your color palette, going from bright and highly noticeable in light, to low profile black and white while reamining in the shadows. Your ressources, Shadow Essence and the Charges for your abilities, are also clearly indicated by Aragami's cloak. The symbols on it will empty as you use your Essence, and fill back up again if you recharge it. All of this combined makes for an extremely immersive experience, further improved by a fantastic soundtrack and well designed Maps.While the missions are not quite as sprawly as those in classic like Thief 2, they are big and still offer plenty of variation when it comes to your approach to stealth. The game rewards both the ""Ghost"" and the ""Killer"" playstyles. I was somewhat dissapointed that the game didnt support any sort of terror tactics, such as in Mark of the Ninja, since in my opinion, the game would have lent itself greatly to it.Then we have the difficulty and progression, both a strong and a weakpoint. On one hand, the skill tree noticeable changes the game up and makes you stronger as the game progresses. A couple missions in, you will have access to a very mighty arsenal of tools for both sneaking by completely undetected, or slowly killing a small state's worth of guards.On the other hand, the enemies never really pick up the pace, and mostly stay their standard, scrubby selves troughout the entire game. There is a certain point where your toolbox will simply outclass anything the game throws at you. And even if you self impose restrictions, such as not using the skills, the guard's AI suffers from the age old ""probably just rats"" syndrome. It's very easy to dispose of most peeps by luring them in a direction, teleporting behind them and then repeat the process until the map is empty. And even if you do goof it up, Aragami can cover ludicrous distances with just a few mouseclicks.The problem here is not actually you being overpowered, but the fact that the games challenge does not grow along with you. What it would have needed is a greater variation of enemies and more suspicion mechanics. Enemies do not notice blood puddles, dissapearing buddies and generally need a LOT of very obvious mistakes on your part to actually become alerted. They are also completely unable to get reinforcements and the game very rarely throws a curve ball at you. I was really looking for some more punishment coming my way, but the game ultimately failed to deliver for the most part.Where I want to give the game credit, is in the Boss fights. Usually Boss Encounters in stealth games tend to feel either out of place, or are implemented in such a way that they are just frustrating intermissions. Aragami, in my opinion at least, does them right, with making them feel intense while still making them feel fitting with the rest of the experience.Finally, the story. While it's presented nicely, it's predictable as fu*k. Which creates a rather big seperation between the protagonist acting very clueless, while the player will have figured out the relevant parts halfway into the game. it's not awful, don't get me wrong. I've seen predictable stories that shot themselves withing 5 minutes of starting. But the game could've done with more subtetly.Also, just to have it covered: The game does offer COOP, altough, where the game is sort of too easy in Singleplayer, it becomes a cakewalk once you have two magic shadowninjas stalking the playground. It's still fun mind you, and a good way to kill a couple hours, just by being able to execute some rad looking combinations. And as some people will agree, ocasionally feeling like YOU are the big badass murderman is a great experience too.To wrap this up: Aragami is worth buying, even if it's just to support a DEV who obviously cared about what he put out, and wanted to put out a quality product. And the game, on a fundamental level, is a great one. Recent updates also added new difficulty settings in response to people finding the game too easy, and also added some skins to the game. While it doesnt fix the difficulty curve completely,  it's a push in the right direction and added even more cred to Aragamis Developer.Personally, I look forward to hopefully seeing more like this in the future. Particularly if we get a sequel that ups the Ante."
,Recommended,280160,25920530,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bedsson,Really like the game as its not too challenging but not to easy. requires some thinking and its beautiful graphics. i also like the fact that they have good communication with the community. tank u for game mr. Aragami
,Recommended,280160,25915527,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WhamBamBigelow,I bought this game thinking it would be fun for at least ten minutes.It has continued to be fun and challenenging for a few days now and I have summoned an aragami rage and murdered my controller.FUN GAME!
76561198043904492,Recommended,280160,32909640,Posted: 27 June,all,Blurryface,"With an interesting art style and charming world, Aragami brought me in more than I expected. The game mechanics are simple yet they hold their own special uniqueness to them.While a short game, it is definitley worth the price and it has a fair level of replayability.Unfortunantely the only downside is that multiplayer seems  to be rather dead, unless you play with a friend."
76561197979931251,Recommended,280160,25973566,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Steelware,"Absolutely amazing game.I've played through the whole game with a friend on Co-Op and it was just breathtaking.The graphics is awesome, the gameplay is fluent and fun, the enemy AI isn't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (like in some other games), the music is just heavenly to the ears.I'd definitly recomend this game to just about anyone.The only downside of this game is the bugs where you can fall through the floor or pass walls, but that happens rarely.This game is challenging but not impossible.I just love it!10/10"
76561198150310768,Recommended,280160,25973049,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DBRIZOV,"If you like stealth games I really recommend this.It is really fun to play.The mechanics are very well designed, and once you master them it really gets fun.There is a skill tree so the players have a choice for 2 builds - defensive and offensive, or maybe hybrid.I really like the art and the level designs.The story so far is pretty good. Can't tell for sure, because I haven't finished the game yet.The soundtrack is very good too."
76561198050037959,Recommended,280160,26023703,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,StirKrazy,"A very fun game, bit of a challenge, but totally workable one.Ninja's, awesome, undead, awesome, stealth elements, awesome!!A couple of issues playing multiplayer, sometimes when we both failed the coop campaign, as we spawned back in, I could see the badies marked. However as I approached them, they disappeared. All of them, in chapter3 only, not had same issues in other chapters as yet.It is fun, it is a nice difficulty and it's best played as coop.For the price, it's truly a great game. I haven't had frame rate issues, or graphical issues. Works perfectly, minusing the bug I mentioned.Enjoy Ninja's."
,Recommended,280160,26032101,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Threelibras,"I purchased this one to get some of that Tenchu: Stealth Assassins Nostalgia. While I didn't play it all the way through, it is a decent stealth game."
76561198079010542,Recommended,280160,25989941,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Titanitank,"Great game so far!This game is very flexible and works well with my fast paced play style.There are main Challenges for each mission: 1. Undetected, 2. Kill all guards, 3. Kill no guards.Very rarely do I find myself wanting to replay a game. But I will most likely do so with this one.The art style and aesthetic is beautiful and the gameplay is just downright satisfying.May not be for everyone but this is one definitely one of the more fun stealth games out there right now.Well worth the full price."
76561198267772064,Recommended,280160,25975431,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Everminer2001,"I love this game even though I am not really a single player gamer, I found this really really fun for what it is. It somewhat reminded me of dishonoured but 3rd person. Also I have been waiting forever for a stealth multiplayer, maybe your cutting down some people while your friend is getting rid of all the witnesses. Also the maps have a lot of variety, graveyards, camps, castles, lake town, and more! Long story short, beutiful idea and a beutiful game."
76561198065898257,Recommended,280160,25984948,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,cTuck,Great gameplay. Great soundtrack. Great art style. Great price.
,Recommended,280160,25991581,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hizir,I like this game quite a lot. It has very good stealth mechanices and coop has been very fun.The only problem I have so far is a few bugs that will hopefully be patched soon and as with most stealth games the ai is not the brightest but boy do they wrek you if they see you.but i would happy recommend this game to any stealth game lovers
76561198091458572,Recommended,280160,26021905,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,OmniFusion1,"I have been looking for a sequel to Tenchu, or at least a game like it... well the search is over.  This game did it, and they did it creatively.  Tenchu was fun to play but throwing the grappling hook and flying on an angle to climb a roof was more mystical than realistic (which is fine because the ninja are mysterious).  However the game Aragami has a more believable way of doing this using the Aragami's nature that draws its power from the shadows.  It reminds me of Rikimaru saying ""I am a shadow"".The same downside is present in this game that the original Tenchu games had as well, limited number of levels.  In any case it still had more scenes than the original tenchu which had only 10 levels, and I played it over and over again.  I finished this game in just about 16 hours of game play, and for the most part I was being careful to be stealth.Still I expect to play this numerous times like I did with Tenchu, and it aparently also has a co-op mode for playing with friends online (which clearly wasn't availabe for Tenchu back on the PS1).  Also (like Tenchu) most of the levels aren't really difficult if you have played stealth games like this before.   However the later levels do get harder, and if you haven't played Tenchu, then you definitely need to know how to be stealth and think like a ninja (rooftops, stealth, etc).That said the story is definitely creative, and I'm really glad that somebody finally made a game like Tenchu again because it a genre that is almost completely ignored or if others have tried they haven't done it quite right.  This team did it right.  Thanks devs.(POSSIBLE SPOILER)  ... Unfortunately I read one minor spoiler when I first got the game, but fortunately it didn't ruin the story for me. Since your character is piecing together visions and memories as he aquires story items it didn't wreck the immersion since he is piecing things together through out the game, and in several spots I wondered if he pieced it all together before the end or not.  So even with a minor spoiler I was left wondering what would happen, but if you can avoid spoilers please do."
,Recommended,280160,25973796,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Captain Frosty,"I've been following this game since it was just a free to download portfolio project, and I glad to say that after a long time and many different versions this game has turned out very nicely!"
76561198025655128,Recommended,280160,25984702,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Eos,"The artist design is polished and adds to the theme, with the soundtrack it really makes for compelling gameplay. I enjoyed the play style and use of shadows. The fact that you must use the shadows adds to the atmosphere of being a Ninja, what real ninja runs in and starts stabbing people. I found that the controls were easy to pick up and take sometime to truely master but once you do you can find ways around any situation in the game.After reading some of the comments I found that alot of the negative came from players who didn't get past an hour or so gameplay, expecting to be an invincible assassin in the 1st few levels, once you've gained a few scrolls and can unlock the ""Guide"" power which shows you objectives and scrolls you can amass enough points to unlock every power quickly.I found it interesting to replay the levels in 2 different play styles, as a pacifist and as a kill crazed assassin, whichever way you like to play there is a power to suit you need you need only unlock it.The storyline if played though it interesting and held my attention through the whole game, I did have an inkling of what was going to happen but I won't spoil it. I felt that the cinematic sections helped tell the story if you actually watch them. In other reviews I noticed people saying to skip them and then that the story had no content, in all honesty what can you expect if you aren't willing to watch it.Only slight criticism is the Level with Hiraku, I would say that it leaves the player a little uninformed that they cannot use the same type of attack a second time and a small thing such as Hiraku saying ""I won't fall for that attack again"" or something would solve it.After 17 hours gameplay I finished the game with all achievements leaving me wanting more. I think it will have some replay potential with multiplayer gameplay giving another angle to the levels.Would definately recommend for the stealth game lover."
76561197992120508,Recommended,280160,26024196,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,McJigg,"Before the review, quick note about myself.- 16 hours played at time of writing.- All achievements, All S ranks- Trained ScriptwriterBut you're here for the game review, so let's get onto that.This is a stealth game, and it's all it tries to me. If you're specifically looking for a 'ninja' game, be aware this game does not include the following;-Jumping-Dodging-Rolling-CombatBut that's ok! As a spirit of vengeance, here's what you do have;-Conjuring Shadows-Frequent short controlled teleports-Assassinations-Various other powers such as decoys and trapsThis is not one of those stealth games where it's afraid it's too simple and that you as a player are going to get bored so it continues to tack on more and more mechanics and enemy types to a point of feeling unfair or too frustrating.What it does is confidently give you TWO enemy types and interesting geometry. Later on there may be parts that make you want to pull your hair out or just stare at what you need to do with bewilderment, but at no point will that game ever make you exclaim '♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t'. It sets it's rules and sticks by them being very difficult yet fair. The one exception will be mentioned later in the review.While some may think only two enemy types aren't enough, this game takes a page from Portal's book and really, expertly, uses what it has to create interesting levels.The levels are also fairly open, too often in a stealth game the choice to not kill anyone and ghost a level is far harder than the lethal route. But with the open levels, if you want the medal for killing all enemies, you need to make the choice and actually hunt everywhere, not just within the linear path you traveled. As such, going for a ghost run is about the same challenge as going for the kill all run for very different and equally satisfying reasons.My only real complaint is the lack of feedback during the final boss. It's very difficult to tell if you are doing it correctly, or even making any progress. It's the one time the game breaks it's own rules and could use some further tweaking in patches down the road.Visuals, Music and Story: Subjective, but I liked them.A similar title would be Styx: Master of Shadows, if you liked that, or stealth focused games in general, you'll like this.*Minor edits now that all achievements achieved."
76561198079307515,Recommended,280160,25975376,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Void,"I've been waiting for this game ever since the Path of Shadows prototype. As time went on, I was worried that I may never see the full game, or that it might be a disappointment when it finally did arrive. I can tell you that I could not have been more wrong. By the time I had finished it, Aragami had blown me away in every category.First off, I need to preface that this is (obviously) a stealth game. What some may not know going in is that this game is ONLY intended to be a stealth game. It is nigh impossible to fight the enemy head on, but that’s one of the game’s most beautiful qualities. There are a lot of games claiming to be stealth-oriented, but in reality are easiest when violently rushed through. While this game does give rewards for killing all enemies in a level, it does not reward you in any way for going massacring everyone without caring at all about the alarm. This game is brutal in punishment. If you get detected by anyone, you have to take that guy out, and you have to do it now. If he raises the alarm, you can pretty much kiss your chances of living goodbye, and that’s what I love about it.Now let’s talk about the abilities of Aragami. Unlike PoS, this game features a skill tree. These skills are all important. My first run through, I made it a priority to get every scroll (those are the skill points, by the way) before I completed the game and not one of the abilities went to waste. I will say, however, that the most useful skill was by far the Shadow Kill. Not only does it erase the enemy’s body instantly no matter what, but it also restores one of your precious ability points, which are required to use any ability and are extremely limited without this skill. The only other way to restore ability points is through the shrines, which are single use and are mostly found in sets of two per level. As a side note, the Shadow Kill is my favorite ability just because it’s so satisfying to use.Oh, and don’t think that the game only has about five levels or less. I was overjoyed to find a whole twelve levels, plus the tutorial level, most of which took me 30 minutes to an hour to complete the first time I tried them.All of that said, I would like to take the time to talk about the downsides of the game. As far as the actual game goes, there’s not much bad I can say about it. I can, however, criticize the glitches it suffers from as well as a few design choices. Let’s start with the main one that you notice right off the bat. Aragami’s cape is freeform. Now, normally this wouldn’t be such a bad thing… if it didn’t get twisted around, tucked behind his sword, or bug out and expand across space-time entirely. You see, Aragami’s cape displays information that is extremely necessary to know, such as your shadow power, your equipped ability, and the amount of ability points you have for that skill. It’s not a bad idea to have a cape that moves freely, but they overdid it. Hopefully, this gets fixed in the future. Another glitch that has gotten me killed and set back by fifteen minutes many a time is the teleport. The ability to teleport is sometimes inconsistent and can either save your life or drop you into a bottomless pit or the ocean or something else like that. The main problem it suffers from is the mechanic of being able to teleport up ledges. The game is extremely picky about what you can and cannot teleport up onto. I have also experience problems with teleporting on platforms, occasionally falling through into who-knows-what bellow. While it isn’t game breaking, it is quite annoying and can frustrate the player easily. But the worst glitch I have experienced thus far is the glitch during the first boss fight. During the course of the fight, the boss is surrounded with a shield that can only be brought down by smashing the orbs around the level. After the barrier is down, you have to stab him in the back. However, in the second phase, you can get a glitch where the boss freezes doesn’t do anything ever again until you die. I’ve said it before and I’ll said it again, this wouldn’t be such a problem if it weren’t for one thing. When he freezes, you cannot stab him in the back no matter what. The only way I was able to get past the glitch was by being lucky enough to have him freeze near the edge of a stone beam sticking out of the wall and managing to execute an aerial kill. By the way, this happened even after they released the patch that had presumably fixed this. Oh, and my framerate was fine for the whole game, but I could barely hear over my computer working so hard that I was afraid it might explode.Other than those very few things, Aragami is one of the best stealth games I’ve played this year. I strongly encourage anyone who took the time to actually get through this essay of a review (nice job if you did that) to get the game. Please support the developers who worked so long and hard on this gem of an indie game. I’m going to go get some dinner after writing this thing for half-a-freaking-hour, so you have a good day. Or… in this case, it would be night, huh?"
,Recommended,280160,26022404,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Fresh- trade.tf,"The art style, music and everything feel so nice. The game just feels so nice to play, and it's pretty challenging. Only thing I wish it had English voicing . I recommend it :)"
76561198076100754,Recommended,280160,25973610,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Regnus,"If you love stealth games, you'll love Aragami. Having that said, if you have ever played the Tenchu series, you'll feel right at home with this title. Definitely worth $20."
76561197973311080,Recommended,280160,30435340,Posted: 10 March,all,Silvanitrate,Great stealth game. Didn't much like the random jumping puzzel in the middle of the game but otherwize very enjoyable.
76561198142172891,Recommended,280160,30970127,Posted: 5 April,all,RestlessKnight,"I like this game, but I have two big problems with it.One, the game has auto-saving that happens when you are at key points or add skill points to skills. There have been times when you will have two guys left to kill only to get killed by one. The game then restarts you allllll the way back before at the beginning of the level, aka, before you killed the other 15 or so guys. Now, for those of you who don't know, the character that you are playing is a one-shot kill by every bad guy in the game, so it happens a lot.Two, dark ground vs shadow on ground. There will be times when you try to shadow step only to for the ground to be ""dark,"" not covered in a shadow, so you get seen and killed. You can tell the difference between the two if you just sitting there, but when you have killed someone by making a shadow at the back, and thus are trying to get back into the shadows before the guy 10 feet in fonrt of sees you, you don't have the time.Other then that, the game was good, and I enjoyed the music and art style."
,Recommended,280160,30277309,Posted: 2 March,all,Aresian Royalty™,"Aragami is one of the best stealth ninja games ive ever played, the art style of the game is perfect in my opinion. The Devs are super helpfull and are always quick to help any issues. 10/10"
,Recommended,280160,30389393,Posted: 8 March,all,The Dark Lord,"A solid stealth game with lots of replayability, non-linear levels that fit many playstyles, and even a custom level editor to make your own scenarios!"
,Recommended,280160,30407839,Posted: 9 March,all,BackerLaVacker,"While this game does have some very frustrating sections and some awkward controls, the overall experience is great and the stealth aspect is done exceptionally well.( Although, being killed in one hit, while it makes sense, the enemies are programmed in way that you don't have any opportunity to escape combat if you're found and you don't respond within the first half of a second. Damned waves of light...)"
,Recommended,280160,30274118,Posted: 2 March,all,GrD« Igni,"This game has a fantastic story but mediocre combat. The multitude of annoying mechanics involved almost makes this game not worth buying, it's not worth it if you hate slow animations which makes it much more difficult for you to survive. the detection system is programmed pretty well but the inability to actually see your own keybinds or modify them is an oversight on their part. I'm mixed on this product because i liked the story but the combat was frustrating at times and for a stealth game, that's not good.Edit: Found out you can rebind keys, it was just worded differently than usual. The main problem with combat is the targetting sensitivity with ledge kills and ledges in general. There are often times where it seems like you can teleport to a spot above you but it won't let you."
76561198053233134,Recommended,280160,30987416,Posted: 6 April,all,Flood,"Great asthetic. Wonderful story and soundtrack more than make up for the somewhat repetitive gameplay. IMO, if you like stealth games (even slightly) then this is a must have."
76561198169067352,Recommended,280160,30300855,Posted: 3 March,all,Gon Freecss,"Interresting gameplay, it changes from the game I usualy play, that's cool and the story seems to be really cool, recomended :)"
,Recommended,280160,30376419,Posted: 7 March,all,clockwork,"really nice game! the only thing maybe, is that history is a little short. But was along time since I enjoyed so much a game.Highly recomended."
76561198306246681,Recommended,280160,30303889,Posted: 3 March,all,Drtrollderp,"This game had good graphics, a very cool concept and a great storylineI would definitely recommend this game in the stealth category."
,Recommended,280160,30264533,Posted: 1 March,all,Tyler Evans,i love the art style and if you want to be emersed into a game of being a ninja then this is for you!
,Recommended,280160,30453985,Posted: 11 March,all,shigs13,"Wonderful game for a fantastic price. The Co-op is fun, the story is above aveage, and the gameplay is incredible. Hands down I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,280160,30399700,Posted: 8 March,all,Shadowstealer,"Great game, but short. Its got plenty of collectables and medals for not getting noticed, killing everyone, and not killing anyone, so theres replayability to it but even still its a fairly short game. Lots of fun, well done, if it goes on sale definitely pick it up.Edit: I forgot about the workshop. That will increase the future content of the game and hopefully get some more playtime out of it if the community comes up with some good levels. I'll have to check that out."
,Recommended,280160,30445946,Posted: 11 March,all,eli,"i find the the game fun and rewarding but, i still think it canbe fixed by making the game easier torun either that or my crappy laptop is just bad either way I like the game a lot and i hope tey update it with good ideas unlike the assissins creed were they did the same thing over and over again and the only good ones being 1 ,2 ,3, blackflag and syndicate. overall i would rather play on console. However, i think they may take this game in a wrong direction and make a sequel or prequel whic could ruin it."
76561198152467161,Recommended,280160,30448834,Posted: 11 March,all,awesomeoctopuses,"I absolutely love this game. Great story, great characters, and the art is top notch. The teleportation is a lot of fun, along with all the abilities you can get. This game also has some bloody brutal kill animations. The gameplay is something new as well, the fact that you can't actually draw your sword(exept in the aforementioned brutal kill animations), and everything kils you in one hit. The game compensates for this by making it easy to save, and giving you lots of powers to kill without being seen. It can get super frustrating at times, but still really fun. I like the recent additions of skins and a level editor. Overall, completely worth the cost. 10/10."
,Recommended,280160,30451548,Posted: 11 March,all,Yohann,"无限传送的耻辱！潜行流畅到没朋友，刺杀炫酷到吊炸天！唯一的缺点也是唯一不能理解的地方：简单、普通、困难由于存在评分系统，所以在同一关卡内几乎是相互独立的。这意味着你如果想把一个关卡内全部难度都拿S并且把无警报、全刺杀和不杀一人的图标全点亮，你至少要重复玩6次！有病吧？！不过这的确是一个在打折期间十分值得入手的游戏。Pro:It is kind of like the dishonor. The difference is that you can teleport quite often without worrying about the mana. Because you can easily regain the mana by staying in the shadow for a while. You can really enjoy the smooth stealth and the awesome assassination in this game.Con:If you want to light up all the badges in each chapter. You at least have to play the chapter six times- respectively play 2 times in easy section, normal section and difficult section. Because the evaluation system is independent in each section."
,Recommended,280160,30952391,Posted: 4 April,all,♥KasualBoon♥htkn,"Albeit a bit short, to me this is still a very good game!"
76561198025116160,Recommended,280160,30259690,Posted: 1 March,all,Woodstock,Aragami is a really rare gem! If you like stealth games then it's absolutely worth picking up.
,Recommended,280160,30306959,Posted: 3 March,all,Yuri Tard,fun and addictive 11/10
76561198053205265,Recommended,280160,30434169,Posted: 10 March,all,mmfree,"Very good game, a little ripetitive on the run, yet good. More explorations in the story would've made it perfect"
,Recommended,280160,32099900,Posted: 31 May,all,eldorel,"Amazing coop stealth game in the same flavor as tenchu: stealth assassins.Level editor for custom scenarios.I loved it, still LOVE it, and have been pulling my friends in to play it.If you like ninja, or stealth. Get This Game!"
76561198240297794,Recommended,280160,29147258,Posted: 9 January,all,EW | bootpatch [BG],"I like it, because of the awsome story and the tactic you need to make for the game."
,Recommended,280160,31096550,Posted: 12 April,all,CUBE,"As I noticed some of my friends having this on their wishlist i thought i would write a small review of this game. The average reviews on this indie game are ""very positive"" and i can only agree.Graphically this game looks good. It has a nice asian artstyle and fitting music to go along with it (solid soundtrack). As for the playstyle: it reminded me somewhat of Dishonored. It has solid mechanics and is a more ""pure"" stealth game. There are several approaches possible to accomplish your goals via the ""skill"" system.The game offers different difficulty settings to challenge the player and this adds to the replay value -which is apart from unlocking some skins and getting achievements- not that big. I ran through the singleplayer campaign twice for the achievements and i havent played co-op or the multiplayer yet so i cant make any comments on those. A level editor is also there if you want to get creative.As for the bad, I had some issues with low fps and i wasnt able to fix or figure out whether it was due to bad optimization or my pc and drivers not getting along with Aragami. This has also discouraged me from playing multiplayer unless i get it fixed. Aside from this i can only recommend this game. You get alot of value for 20€."
76561198141234801,Recommended,280160,28855446,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kaji (火事),"Aragami is a wonderful game with unique components like stealth and heart-pounding action wrapped in one! The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful and well composed to fit in any situation in the game. Don't worry about story to go with your gameplay, Aragami has a tale so deep and intriguing you'll binge all the chapters in one sitting, just to find out what happens next! There are only minor bugs that you'll really have to try and break the game in order to see, and sometimes the combat can be overbearing and difficult, but that's why there is easy mode and multiplayer. 8.5/10 on my end."
,Recommended,280160,29107346,Posted: 7 January,all,procrastinatr,"3D Mark of the Ninja; 3rd Person Dishonored; the Japan-set stealth ninja game that Ubisoft could be making: all labels that could apply to Aragami.-Gameplay:Aragami at its core is a very basic and simple third-person stealth game. There is plenty of room for both lethal and non-lethal runs, and the game manages to achieve the balance where juggling between the two on the fly is also enjoyable. Regarding combat, there is no reliable way to engage the enemies in face-to-face combat: either you assassinate them unawares, or not at all. AI is extremely simplistic, but aggressive enough that if you are not careful nudging between their lines of sight, you WILL feel the pain. The handful of boss fights are a little gimmicky and suffer from Deus Ex: Human Revolution syndrome a little bit, but at least one involves approaching an archer, ducking and blinking between cover as you make your way up. It was tense and used the core mechanics for a climactic moment, so I had a good time, for what it's worth.The core mechanic bares its own discussion. You blink around at whatever your camera points at just like, well, Blink from Dishonored. We all know that Blink made Dishonored an extremely easy game to complete, so I must emphasize that developer Lince Works managed to find some very clever work-arounds by restricting the blink mechanic to shadows: if there are no shadows around within your reach, you aren't going to wizz over everyone's heads. Fortunately, you are given the ability to create your own personal shadow in front of you that drains your resources and shrinks quickly: this also forces you to think carefully about where you are blinking to, and when. Overall, I am thoroughly impressed with their implementation of this mechanic and the levels they designed around it.-StoryNothing to see here. The ""twist"" is immediately obvious to anyone even a little familiar with Japanese mythology. It's not that the story is bad, just very simple and no-frills. Some cutscenes look fantastic and are worth a view at least once.-Presentation/Visual DesignVery, very impressive. A cel-shaded design that immediately evokes the darker areas of Okami and the Wind Waker is used to great effect here. Character models overall are overly simplistic and same-y, although The two central characters look great. Animations run the range from clunky, robotic, and amateurish to fluid and highly entertaining, with most of the assassinations on the latter side of the spectrum. While I would prefer the whole game to be up to those standards, at least the developers understood that they needed to nail the ninja's movements if nothing else.-SoundEmotion and tone are effectively carried out with pseudo-Japanese voice acting, not unlike Midna or Fi from the Legend of Zelda franchise, and dialogue quick enough to keep the game moving along briskly. Two Feathers deserves recognition for the soundtrack, as it is very well executed. It's the style you would expect from a game like this: traditional Japanese instruments with an emphasis on flutes and strings during ambient moments, and heavy drumbeats when you are spotted and on the run. Overall no complaints at all on the audio design.-Co-opOk, so this is basically the reason I bought the game and enjoyed it enough to write a review. The game allows two players to quickly pair up and jump into any level you've unlocked and have at it. Romping through the game start to finish blind with a buddy on voicechat was an unbelievably good time. The game by no means is exclusively balanced for it, and it DOES give players a bit of an advantage on the easier difficulties, but if you have the friend and the inclination, co-op is a hell of a good time.-TL;DR:Aragami is the casual party game for stealth enthusiasts, and the gateway drug for anyone overwhelmed by the intricacies of ""full"" stealth games. If you want to play a game that lets you play as a ninja who sneaks around and doesn't pull off DMC combos (although that is fine too), then do yourself a favor."
76561198121334224,Recommended,280160,30846752,Posted: 30 March,all,jakerussell17,"GET THIS ON SALE PEOPLE ONLY $10!If you are unfortunately reading this after I wrote that last sentence, I still fully recommend buying this game for the full $20. I'm not usual a stealth game player the visual experience and gameplay this game treats you to is worth the money.9/10 game"
,Recommended,280160,26089147,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gaotee,Love the gameEpic endingplz make sequel
,Not Recommended,280160,32703681,Posted: 23 June,all,Diavler,"Aragami is really fun game, lots of action, stuff to find, you can make levels. The only major problem I had were that the campaign was really short and there were a lot of bugs. If you ask me  I think it should still be in Early access. If you want a longer and less glitchy game you should go look at something else to buy."
,Recommended,280160,29197044,Posted: 11 January,all,Blutonic,"As a long time lover of Tenchu and Metal Gear Solid, this is a TRUE successor to the glorious days of Tenchu stealth on the Playstation. I can't stop playing. Music is beautiful too, I fell asleep to the main menu theme earlier today."
,Recommended,280160,25891300,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,"imSpeeDy "" xz","This game is amazing, eventhough I didn't play online or  CO-OP. But the game is amazing :)"
76561198071779097,Recommended,280160,33097882,Posted: 1 July,all,Kokiri,It's simply a must-play masterpiece.
,Recommended,280160,30332025,Posted: 5 March,all,Warskull,"A solid stealth game.  The game follows the philosophy of giving you a simple toolset and letting you use that toolset to approach a problem.  While you unlock abilities, your character isn't really going to massively change over time.  You are going to be using the same techniques throughout most of the game.  Much of the gameplay comes from deciding how to approach the challenges presented.Art style complements the gameplay by clearly communicating everything in a visually pleasing manner.  They game plays with shadows and light quite well.This may not sound like a lot, but the game handles itself well.  Strong core gameplay counts for a lot here.  The game is also just about the right length and price.  Much longer and it would have gotten repetitive and worn on.  About 6-8 hours plus and extra 2 if you collect scrolls, fair for a $20 price tag.Now the story isn't much.  If you are the kind of gamer who needs a good story to enjoy a game, I would recommend skipping this one.  The story is there, and it is passable, but isn't all that engaging.  It functions more as a loose adhesive to tie the levels together in a coherant manner.  You'll have guessed everything about half-way through and probably guessed it all correctly.If you have a hankering for a stealth assassain style game, Aragami is one of your better choices.  It is a very minimalist take on Tenchu."
,Recommended,280160,33591539,Posted: 16 July,all,Janeator,"I completed Aragami in a single play session. That's how awesome it is (some might say ""that means short"", but it was way longer than I expected).The ambience and music create a perfect ambience, the gameplay is really great (specially if you love the Dishonored games), and the kill animations are perfect.The only weak points in my opinion are that the non-killing or attacking animations maybe aren't that great, but are still good, and the other weak point is that the story and the twist are quite predictable, but the game was still a lot of fun.Buy it!"
,Recommended,280160,33774759,Posted: 24 July,all,depression,"this is honestly such a good and unique game. i really like the fact that you only have one option which is stealth. at first it is a little difficult but as soon as you get more powers and get the hang of it it becomes very enjoyable to play. story wise it is not that great (not bad either), really cliche but really it's such a wonderful game to play with great game machanics that it doesnt really matter."
,Recommended,280160,33801398,Posted: 25 July,all,Reality is not real,"This game is an absolute beauty/beast. Loved every part of it. The story line, music, aesthetics, all go so well together. One of the best stealth games I've played. The definition of the characters were just amazing. All round 10/10 game."
76561198052126494,Recommended,280160,34818675,Posted: 8 September,all,A FOR EFFORT,Game is good fun! but may find somethings like a smidge repetitive(like really small). Stll highly recommend the game.8/10. The ending is especially nice.
76561198095455583,Recommended,280160,34357476,Posted: 19 August,all,XenoFrost5602,this game is awesome. One of my favorite stealth games the bosses were challenging and it wouldn't take you one try to finish a level
76561198096575879,Recommended,280160,25958613,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gungnir,"If you love Mark of the Ninja (personal favorite), then you will love Aragami.  They both have similar feel, and play style to them.  Aragami, in my opinion, is what would have been Mark of the Ninja if it was made in 3D."
76561198059226100,Recommended,280160,26031534,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,FloaterHeavenHD,Fun game reccomend
76561198090749490,Recommended,280160,30249858,Posted: 28 February,all,TopperHarley,"Wow, where has this game been hiding?( stealth eh?). I've just played about an hour and loved every minute. The art style is so cool and movement and stealth is smooth and responsive on xbox controller. There is a spooky mystic  japanese vibe  here and the world so far is very believable and pulls you in. It's got Dishonored type powers and clever use of dark shadows and light. Hope I didn't speak to soon but this game is the dogs-bollix so far! And did I mention online co-op and multiple play styles allowed . ie  sneak past everyone or kill everyone using stealth... COOOL!!!"
,Recommended,280160,30396579,Posted: 8 March,all,Dai,"Aragami...Such a beutiful game,In this review i will be going over the 3 main parts about AragamiThe Gameplay / The story (Spoiler alert) / CommunitySo the first part of the game is the gameplay this includes:Controlls / Balancing / Abilites / Maps/Controlls:+ The controlls are easy to use and has a slight (hnmm what would you say?) french (?) felling to it-  Well in some parts of the game you have to adjust you cursor on a object to actually be abel to leap to it.-  Allso the Indicator for the max limit is not fully correct.Balanicing+ The game is a High risk High reward style to it specially on hard cause the guards detect you faster on that (And especially iritating when You have to adjust you cursor and they kills you)+You will get killed by one attack but also does the enemy and you cant ""facestabb"" (TF2 reference) guards that are alerted.Abilites-The abilites are ways to good and thats not all you can get one back by performing a easy shadowkillNow to part 2 the story (Once again spoiler alert)+Well the story did a great job hiding that you where the bad guys even thought i had a slight idea about in from chapter 7 and i didnot expect to fight YamikoWell that all about story now to community that i decide also will contain multiplayerCommunity+Good mods that will answear you question and if they dont probably somone else from the community will.= There are giudes on how to complete bosses but none on maps so neither + or - (That is =).-Not so big communityMultiplayer+Funny to play with friends and pull of amazing team combos-The waiting time after death can be a little long... (But you only got yourself to blame cause it was you who died)-TOTALLY DEAD MULTIPLAYER the only way to play is to host a match and wait 15-20 mins. (just play with friends)"
,Not Recommended,280160,34091862,Posted: 7 August,all,Bugg Mac,"Finicky abilities, lazy cover mechanic, bizarre AI, and a nonsensical point system. I'm only on Chapter 3 and I've already fallen through the map three times. But, hey, the game does look really cool.Let me start off by saying: Anyone who approached this game after being told something along the lines of ""It's the spiritual successor to Tenchu."" – DO NOT BELIEVE THEM. This game is nowhere near as solid as Tenchu. It's barely even a shell of what it does set out to be. So, to try and place Aragami in same league as Tenchu is just setting it up to be an bigger disappointment than it already is.Finicky AbilitiesUsing Shadow Step has often been a chore. Most of the time, it works well. But, at moments when I need to be very precise in my timing and location, I find that I have to wrestle with my positioning before the game will give me a solid indicator on the teleport. It's the same with Aerial Kills. If I'm standing above the enemy, I've often had to step away from the ledge and come back to it repeatedly before the Aerial Kill would prompt.I'd like to talk more about Shadow Step. It's the game's main mechanic and the main means of mobility. With that being taken into consideration, I will never understand why using it would ever cause me to teleport underneath the map where I'd fall to my death. This feature should have the most solid functionality in the game, yet it's only about as functional as North Korea's missile program. You have generally tell it where to go, but the odds of blowing yourself up are much higher than anyone would want to admit out loud.Lazy Cover MechanicsCall me crazy, but there were times when I've approach the corner of cover and Aragami actually pressed himself against it in a fairly seamless fashion. My research makes it appear as though this is a real feature in the game, yet I cannot seem to ever get the character to do this on queue. There are plenty of squared and flat objects within the game which I would expect this feature to apply itself, yet there does not seem to be any consistency to how or where it takes effect.Likewise, with shadows likely being the main cover element, There doesn't seem to be any difference in enemy detection rate/distance whether you're crouching in shadow directly in front of them or whether you're crouching in shadow off a bit to their sides. In a stealth game of this era, I'd really expect the enemy's peripheral vision to be weaker than at the direct center of their vision cones.Bizarre AIThat said, perhaps it's more to do with the enemy's ability to just walk like a normal human. It seems to be very difficult for the NPCs to round a basic corner without having to adjust their direction left & right several times as though they were drunk. Maybe they are. Maybe it's a part of the lore that all the guards are drunk and I just haven't discovered it yet. I'd probably be guzzling down rice wine too if my commander tasked 60 of us to stand around in a cemetery for no apparent reason.But that still doesn't quite explain why in the name of Merlin's saggy left♥♥♥♥♥would distracting an enemy with a sound at the bottom of a set a stairs send them detouring around the entire map and using an altogether different set of stairs before finally finding their way to the sound? This pathfinding is something I'd expect from a – Well, actually, there are plenty of recent triple-A games out there with even worse AI so nevermind. I would still think the developers of this game wouldn't want to lumped into the same category as Ubisoft when it comes to time spent polishing a game.Nonsensical Point SystemWhich brings me to the point system. Does it even need to exist? How much time was spent determining how point distribution should work? Why is there a category for ""Enemies undisturbed"" and a category for ""Enemies distracted"" when the points awarded for both is a solid 100? Surely leaving enemies undisturbed should yield more points than distracting them? Logically, why should distracting them yield any points at all?Even more strangely, you're deducted points for being ""spotted."" However in this game, being spotted only means the enemy *thinks* they saw you. It's different from instigated their combative/alert stage. In being ""spotted,"" the AI's behavior is exactly the same as being distracted. They'll investigate, and if they find nothing, they'll return to their normal patrols immediately. It seems to me that allowing the enemy to ""spot"" you should be a valid tactic to lure a single enemy over to your position. Yet, even if you stealth kill them during their investigation, you're still deducted 50 points at the end of the chapter for every enemy you made curious in this way.There's also a category which awards points for playing through the mission without ever restart from a checkpoint. This would be fine if using Shadow Step wasn't akin to playing Russian roulette with 2 bullets in the chamber.The One Good ThingAs for what I've enjoyed about the game... It's aesthetically pleasing. Oddly, I can't always tell the difference between shadow and average light, but I do still appreciate the use of shadows in this game. The way Aragami's character skins interact with the shadows is easily this game's best-executed idea. I just wish the rest of the ideas executed could have been improved through updates before I started playing this wretched excuse for a stealth game."
76561198126837282,Not Recommended,280160,34245757,Posted: 14 August,all,MatTheCrazyGuy,"Couldn't keep me entertained for long. Just became a chore after a while, rather than something I'd enjoy playing."
76561198052212152,Recommended,280160,28368723,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Usurper,"Satisfying kills, great and unique stealth mechanics, and a solid story that gets somewhat touching at the end, Aragami is a really good game. It's not perfect by any means, and perhaps not even great by some standards, but as far as a stealth game goes, its really, really good.Also, the girl who summoned you is a real cutie."
,Recommended,280160,26371846,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Itsurata,The art is stunningThe gameplay is smooth ( ALTHOUGH I DID FOUND A COUPLE OF BUGS )The archers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sI love shadow killing peoplegood game overall
,Recommended,280160,30255725,Posted: 28 February,all,Weeb Trash,"Breddy gud steath.Sound is nice, art is great.Gets a bit tedious after a few stages, and the checkpoint system leaves a lot to be desired from, my point of view. ♥♥♥♥ing up and having to start from a checkpoint 20 minutes prior isnt all that hot when trying to get all Oni medals."
76561198177082357,Recommended,280160,30177902,Posted: 25 February,all,spook,-Interesting and a very touching story line.-Fun and diverse gameplay.-Awesome music to fit the atmoshpere. (words can't describe the main theme)-A level design that encourages you to explore the level map.-Playing with a friend is way more fun than solo in my opinion.Just buy the game if you haven't already.
,Recommended,280160,30127660,Posted: 23 February,all,Hupsel,"Nice and short stealth game with a decent story. Areas are quite open and offer a bunch of different approaches. Wish the powers were more diverse and interesting, I stuck with throwing kunais for most of the time. Solid 7/10."
76561198015526767,Recommended,280160,25866588,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,NIN2,Mark of the Ninja meets Thief and a bit of Assassin's Creed. What is not to like! Absolute brilliant. This game you do need to play! Great game brilliant price. Thanks to the developers and hope you are busy with the DLC's. Now go click on the purches button!!!
76561198315264190,Recommended,280160,30817599,Posted: 29 March,all,Jaz,I really like this game i just gotta get a better computer to play it with :)
76561198010227034,Recommended,280160,26074644,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Seseau,"Outstanding game. Really surprised by the high quality of most everything in Aragami.The biggest strength by far is, to me at least, the artstyle and the atmosphere. It fits the story and the theme so well; and it's a true pleasure on the eyes.It took me 12 hours to beat it, but I was a bit slow about it. I did a mixture of killing and not killing, so I think that if you were to go through the game while trying not to kill anyone, you'd take a lot more time and it would be a lot more challenging. I'll probably replay the game a few months from now to try just that.I'm hoping this is the start of a new stealth series. I'd love to see a sequel to Aragami or DLC chapters.Highly recommended. Go LinceWorks!"
,Recommended,280160,25867500,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,K V G N,Thank you Aragami! but Yamiko is in another temple
,Recommended,280160,28024169,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,M a k o,The only Japanese game that doesn't make me feel like a weeb...
76561198154145919,Recommended,280160,30271632,Posted: 1 March,all,Nathan Explosion,soo ducking good. big Tenchu fan here love this title. all the positive reviews i read i agree with. i read a few negative reviews it seems the ones i read had been written by autistic/trolls maybe low IQ haters i donno dgaf. great game so far can't beat that $11.99 price tag either.
76561198279242225,Recommended,280160,25866724,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,W.Xin,"7.5/10简单点说就是第三人称的羞辱+忍者之印，但是感觉只得其型，不得其神。优化有待加强.Impressive stealth and shadow powers, kind of the  mix of third-personal Dishonored and Mark of the Ninja, but the optimization needs to be improved."
,Not Recommended,280160,32758024,Posted: 24 June,all,Armss,"Controls are very unresponsive and movement is very stiff, not what I expected from the trailer, also keyboard controls are terrible, and camera sensitivity has much to be desired for controller."
,Recommended,280160,29678396,Posted: 3 February,all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,"If you have a pal for coop play, it will be fun :)Graphics and gameplay mechanics are looking great. Definitely recommended!"
76561198012023582,Recommended,280160,28079929,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lewrker,"It's ok I guess.. Gameplay very repetitive, got boring pretty quick. Try it anyway."
,Not Recommended,280160,34494815,Posted: 25 August,all,~NagZ~,"upon finishing it, I immediately uninstalled.I was looking forward to playing it, since all the reviews recommend it as a stealth game. to be honest, it is a stealth game.However, the gameplay is so repetative, almost all the chapters can had the same pattern. break barriers, collet stuff, escape the area. the only thing different was that its a new map.the RPG part of the game (levelling up the character) isnt something focused on. you need to collect side items to get perks.killing enemies isnt rewarding either, a stealth kill equals any other kill.its supposed to be a stealth game, so the character must be quick. but this guy is the slowest one possible.The story wasnt something immersive, not to spoil anything, but the moment i started the game i knew the end. kept playing cause i was expecting a twist, maybe a decision too, but i was wishing for too much.this game isnt worth 22CAD.. $10 is a bit too much for it."
76561198031832913,Recommended,280160,29281423,Posted: 15 January,all,Birthday Goose,"Freaking great game, one of the best indie games I have EVER played..."
,Recommended,280160,25910295,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Little Fang,havent played yet. but if i remember cotectly this started out on GameJolt as Path of Shadows. I LOVCED that game ans very much hope this is similar.
,Recommended,280160,26905706,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,<CoSco>Red Cross,If you liked tenchu then pick this up
,Recommended,280160,26915292,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ryki,"Fun gimmick for 2 hours, then it gets repetitive.Not very long so it's ok. Play with a friend if at all possible."
,Recommended,280160,26323594,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Thicc B,"This game is fun, you're able to teleport around the shadows like a silent assassin, but you don't need to kill if you don't want to. You actually get a bonus for completing levels without killing anyone or being detected. If you liked hitman absolution, and are looking for a slightly more cartoony, simpler assassin game with the power of the shadows thrown into the mix you'll like this game. It's pretty much what the trailer shows"
76561198159364349,Recommended,280160,25924603,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sameh_hasab,nice game
,Recommended,280160,28697030,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,McHamBeef,This game. This freaking game. I had chills throughout the game and held back my tears at the end. Beautifully amazing.
,Recommended,280160,29329158,Posted: 17 January,all,Songiesworld,"This game is extremely underrated.  A random impulse buy that I got with a friend, I truly enjoyed it.  A bit simplistic graphically and sometimes the stealth kills are a bit glitchy.  I love the co-op value on this, playing this with my friend was a great time."
76561198016372594,Recommended,280160,29314157,Posted: 17 January,all,[P4F]Rantanplan,bon jeu d infiltration qui fait beaucoup penser à Tenchu .le mode coopération est fun si vous avez un mode de discussion style TS (car pas de mode com ).
76561198275257405,Recommended,280160,31297674,Posted: 22 April,all,RagZeee K-5,"game is super fun, but can be hard and challenging.Overall its a very fun game :)"
76561198000179661,Recommended,280160,30910043,Posted: 2 April,all,EAGLE16,Great buy for the 10$ I spent. Absolutely Gorgeous and smooth
,Recommended,280160,25918056,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SquidGod,"I have Waited 3 years...... i played ""path of shadows"" and it was amazing, but short....... this has co-op and im so excited to be able to murder with me friends"
,Recommended,280160,33901157,Posted: 30 July,all,AlternateEnding,"This game has a lot of flaws, but they aren't bad enough to counteract the pros and just straight up fun you have no matter how you play it.Questionably worth it at full price, certainly worth it on sale."
,Recommended,280160,33472959,Posted: 11 July,all,Coda Pachia,"If your into traditional japanese style this game might be for you.But Mark of The Ninja nails the stealth experience by expanding its complexness throughout the game,while Aragami lets you just spec some mostly untutorialized abilities.If ""Mark"" isnt for you then dont play Aragami.However Aragami has some cool visuals and is a challenging experience for completionists."
76561198397051622,Recommended,280160,32778760,Posted: 25 June,all,Clay Morrow,Oyun güzel ama tek oynarsan sıkıçı  çook oyun
76561198129901273,Recommended,280160,32793162,Posted: 25 June,all,CowMan,this game is soo good just give it a shot
76561198089561614,Recommended,280160,34564027,Posted: 28 August,all,Berato,Really enjoyable with a friend. Some maps requiers a certain skill level. The character design is on point. I personnaly think that among the variety of stealth games this particular game pops out with it's uniqe story and challanging map designs.
76561198028504831,Recommended,280160,25873751,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BuddaZero,"Got an achievement called ""Dishonored"" - it's where you die as you're killing someone. I feel such a disgrace upon my clan.Other than that this game is a dream come ture for the Ninja Stealth/ Tenchu players. I've been craving for a ninja stealth game like this for a long time. Not only that, I HAD NO FREAKING IDEA IT CAME OUT! Yes I've seen it a while ago but that was months in the past, I stummbled on it on steam by accident, I was about to go to sleep, but I didn't. Instead I became one with my sword.This is a must buy. And it's coop!"
,Recommended,280160,33390739,Posted: 8 July,all,Kanturis,"When Aragami goes well it's an excellent game that's a lot of fun.  When it goes wrong it becomes repetitive and frustrating.In Aragami you're playing an 'Aragami', a spirit of vengeance.  Your powers are based around shadows and stealth letting you create patches of shadow and teleport to shadows that you've made or already exist.  You can also later make bodies disappear, set traps that devour enemies, gain temporary invisibility as well as the expected tricks of a ninja like throwing kunai at enemies.  As you likely expect, you need to keep track of enemies and move quickly to break vision if they see you as you'll only have a few seconds at most to try and hide or to kill them before they attack.The game looks good and makes the most of the art style, particularly in using the changing colour of your cloak in a really unique way of showing your energy, ability uses remaining and whether you're in shadow or light (sometimes the cloak wraps around itself but I only noticed it happening a couple of times).  The sound effects fit excellently and the gameplay really encourages stealth and sticking to the shadows (though the medals for each level encourage replaying with different approaches).  The story unfolds through the chapters without taking too long or overloading you at any point but I found the twists fairly predictable.  Most of the controls are rebindable on mouse on keyboard, except bizarrely for the skills menu (F1, in case you're continuing the game after a few days away as couldn't find it listed in the key bindings).My two main issues with the game are each fairly minor but the frequency of them was starting to affect how I felt about the game by the time the credits rolled.  I play most games on a relatively low volume so it's balanced with anything else that's open but the death sound from light weapons hitting you seemed like it was always at the max volume and not whatever I'd set it to.  With the sound I also noticed that if the game went into slow motion from being detected or if I'd messed up again and died that the volume of anything else I had in the background dropped for a few seconds in the same way Skype tries to lower the volume of anything else if you haven't changed that setting (which shouldn't be an issue in this case).  The other was the checkpoint system the game uses as it's just too far apart for my liking.  Ideally I'd love to see a quicksave system or more checkpoints within levels as a death late into a level can lead to replaying a lot of a level.If you're looking for an interesting stealth based game that can be difficult but rewarding, Aragami is a good choice.  Personally I'd recommend picking it up on sale based on my 7.5 hours of gameplay to finish it but if it's a style or game you particularly enjoy and plan to replay to get all the scrolls, medals and techniques you'll likely find good value even at full price."
76561198144203909,Recommended,280160,25940364,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,shafoli,A damn fine CO-OP stealth game.
76561197971692688,Recommended,280160,32636051,Posted: 22 June,all,[57th] Stilgar,"Excellent game.A wonderful style of art with gameplay to match.A stealth game with twists.And then of course, ""a story.""Three thumbs up."
,Recommended,280160,25866410,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TANKER_09,Aragami dont swim very well
,Recommended,280160,25957860,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Noodles,"Amazingly fun Stealth game. Killing and pulling off sweet strategies is so damn satisfying. For 20 dollars this game is well worth your money, and even if you're not a fan of steal games, the quick combat and fast gameplay really keeps entertaining you. Great game, amazing stealth game 8/10."
,Recommended,280160,25867647,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,iluvOP,"Feels much like some good 'ole PS2 game.Rough around the edges, but its a very solid stealth game thats fun to play. The pricepoint is completely fair too for what it is so I have no trouble recommending this at full price."
,Recommended,280160,28770650,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,M3DIUM R4R3 J3WZ,Aragami is so good but it's a bit framey (a bit bad fps)
76561198034387750,Not Recommended,280160,29209093,Posted: 12 January,all,Findanniin,"Gorgeous art, Fun stealth powers, tantalising bits of plot ...Frustratingly sparse checkpoints, invisible walls and that one bug that constantly makes my objective marker AND objective notification disappear, which leaves me with no map and no idea what I'm supposed to be doing as ingame dialogue isn't remotely helpful which combined with the very sparse checkpoints have seen me running around a level for ages after which I just drown myself in the hopes replaying the entire damn level will reveal to me what I'm supposed to be doing.How's that for run-on sentences."
,Recommended,280160,25984832,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,cobbie999,"This week we take a look at Aragami!Aragami is a third-person stealth game create by Lince Works in which you control the shadows. You are Aragami, a vengeful spirit with the power to control the shadows. You’ve been summoned by Yamiko, a girl imprisoned in the city fortress. You must Embark on a dark journey full of blood, secrets and mystery to discover the truth about aragami. With endless playablitly aragami is a game you can truly sink your teeth into!So do you want to know more? Well let's that a look!https://youtu.be/ysFv9PcmnKI"
76561197971501405,Recommended,280160,29131517,Posted: 8 January,all,Arance,Absolutely worth playing for anyone interested in a real stealth game.
,Recommended,280160,29516727,Posted: 27 January,all,essfah,what if naruto wasn't happened?what if dishonored become anime?
76561197998981836,Recommended,280160,29122970,Posted: 8 January,all,GK,A truly unique stealth game. Haven't seen anything quite like it.
76561198069249340,Recommended,280160,29119121,Posted: 8 January,all,TheGameFather,"an obvious influnce from Tenchu .... which i very much like !!its a great game .. but lacks the variety and content . ,,plus i never really tried co-op cause i didnt find no one ,this game is totally worth the time though .."
,Not Recommended,280160,29015531,Posted: 4 January,all,birdy,"i find this game frustrating because it could have been so good, but there are so many little things about it that make it annoying to play,the levels are the first problem there is absolutely no variety in them, every level is disable the light barrier then head to the next area then disable the light barrier again, and after awhile that gets very annoying ok you might be doing it in a cemetary one minute and a temple the next but its the exact same thing every time, and two of the three boss fights are also just disable the light barriers.secondly its buggy the amount of times i blinked and got stuck in the floor or in a window is just insane and led to one very annoying part where i had to restart an entire chapter because i had just disabled a light barrier and was ready to head to the next area but when i restarted the checkpoint the light barrier was disabled but i couldn't leave the area and i had no other way around it.and thirdly the enemy ai makes no sense, sometimes you can show yourself partly and they will walk over to investigate what they saw which i used to draw them out of position, other times though they just instantly see you and sound the alarm.at one point a guard saw me through a wall, and the last boss killed me about 6 times when i snuck up behind her and attacked her because she made an orb for seemingly no reason that just kills you and you can't avoid because you already started your attack animation.like i said this game is so close to being good but it just isn't unfortunately"
,Not Recommended,280160,29017089,Posted: 4 January,all,ASeriesOfLetters,"I wanted this game to be good, but it's just too flawed.  I bought it on sale and still requested a refund.  In less than two hours, I encountered two level-breaking bugs.  One forced me to act out half the level over again to prompt a waypoint to appear, and I couldn't progress without it.  The other would have forced me to restart the entire chapter, and there was nothing I could do to fix it.  Enemy movement frequently bugs, with guards getting stuck on each other.  This game also has WAY more performance issues than it should, likely as a result of being made in Unity.A less technical issue is just the actions of Aragami himself.  As fun and fluid as blinking around is, it's the best part of the game.  Kills are sluggish and repetitive, movement is slow outside of blinking, and Aragami just doesn't feel as mobile and fluid as a ninja made of shadows should be.  In Dishonored (a game that heavily influenced this one with the blinking mechanics), you are highly mobile, quick, fluid assassin badass who can also teleport around.  By contrast, Aragami feels like it's a hair's breadth from a VR game where your movement is entirely based on teleporting around.I got this game on sale, and as much as I wanted to enjoy it, it just doesn't succeed.  I can't recommend it."
76561198296021679,Recommended,280160,29130630,Posted: 8 January,all,Funner,AMAZING!!!! One of the best stealth assasin games yet :)
76561198042104686,Recommended,280160,30092257,Posted: 21 February,all,Hard Gamer,"With a bold graphic design, great lighting, and tense action Aragami kept me immersed for hours and hours. The satisfaction of timing an attack just right or seting up a trap for serveral enemies at once is excellerating. The devs hit a homerun with this high stakes game!"
76561198142011295,Recommended,280160,30252934,Posted: 28 February,all,Zinico,"It's been a while since I've been enraptured by a steal game. Set in ancent japan, this game knows what it means to be a ninja. No fancy over the top everyone dies crap, you really feel like a stealth assasin imbued with the power of shadow. I only have one complaint, and that's some of the mocap looking animation during cutscenes. It has a good difficulty curve and rewards one for aproching the way that they want to. And it's co-op multiplayer too. A+ work."
76561198005772688,Recommended,280160,30251944,Posted: 28 February,all,Beast of the East DC United,A love letter to Tenchu stealth assassins and Okami.....I absolutely love this game.
76561197970741838,Recommended,280160,30253806,Posted: 28 February,all,crispytofu,"I've only played the first few missions and I'm thoroughly addicted. Great graphics and theme, the ninja animations are perfect and the difficulty is just nice on normal mode. Lots of replayability here. Worth every dollar!"
,Recommended,280160,29121994,Posted: 8 January,all,Charles Le Sorcier,"It's a very simple and very good stealth game and a lot lot of fun to play with friends. I've seen some complaints about the game lacking the ability to jump and in my current 7.5 hours of play I have never felt ""Man I really wish I could jump here"" because you can just as easily use a short range blink ability."
76561198238076772,Recommended,280160,29107456,Posted: 7 January,all,SherlockHolmes,"Warning! if you don't like adjectives skip this review!I stumbled upon this game one night searching through the endless stream of mediocre that is the indie genre; and frankly I have been of this opinion since being one of the ignorant fools that bought No Man Sky ('nuff said -_-). But after playing 11 hours of Aragami, I can safely say its an outstanding indie game. The controls were very easy to adapt to giving the player more time to focus on maneuvering through the game, which requires alot of strategy and is suprisingly challenging. The story had a solid and very engaging plot. In terms of artistic quality, Aragami blended brushstrokes within a ""Wind Waker""-esque design. The art style not only made the game very easy on the eyes but also enhanced the contrast of shaded areas in game (a VERY important aspect in maneuverability through levels). Lince Works, the developers of the game, took all this and implemented a SOLID co-op mode which I  was simple, efficient, and seamless in functionality.But what really suprised me about this game was the music. The soundtrack was quite simply epic. Composed by Twin Feathers and using actual instruments, Aragami's music did its job by enhancing the quality of the gameplay. Unlike some game soundtracks, that make you want to toss your headphones across the room after fifteen minutes, Twin Feathers composed immersive music that coincided well with the plot twists and boss fights in the game.Overall, I would say Aragami is a hidden gem that raises the bar and redeems the indie genre :)"
76561198119134486,Recommended,280160,29108382,Posted: 7 January,all,PorkchopGuy78,This made me♥♥♥♥
76561198119531619,Recommended,280160,30057261,Posted: 20 February,all,Kermit The Frag,"As much as I love this game, there are a few glitches.A few times, I killed an enemy, touched his dropped sword and got flung up in the air.Other than this, I love this game.Also, I think there sould maybe be an online mode.1 more thing, I think there should be a bit more play time/content"
,Recommended,280160,32693520,Posted: 23 June,all,GlideFast ツ,Finally. Forget everything that came before. This is the closest thing to Tenchu that you'll ever find on Steam.+Great art style+Memorable soundtrack by Two Feathers+Decent story script about how war can affect people on both sides.+Variety of Stealth Kills+Can be challenging-Runs Ok (just turn off Motion Blur which seems to kill some FPS)+Interesting Shadow mechanic+Decent Keyboard controls. Very good mouse aim+Co-op in the MAIN CAMPAIGN that is never forced by any garbage AI partner if you want to go solo. Something you rarely see these days.+Level EditorDefinitely recommended!
76561198077078206,Not Recommended,280160,25880298,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bobthehobbe,"Sadly, I can not recommend this game.It has a good story but with an extremely obvious plot. Decent mechanics that can be buggy.A lack of content and extremely limited progression.After finishing the campaign, there is nothing left. (Workshop helps, but they didn't make that content, so I won't give them credit for it.)It has a handful of neat animations and ablities.Along with very little customization, so you're just like everyone else.Finally, the boss fights are the worst. The game would've been far better off with putting in a cinematic with some quick time events then the fights they have in. They're very annoying and about as fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥glass. (It feels like the really old games where its a platformer the whole time but then at the boss it suddenly turns into a fighting game.)Overall, Its a neat game with a good idea, but the lack of content, customization, bugs, and absolutely dreadful boss fights make the game feel more like an Alpha than a finished product.If a decent custionization were added, along with adding in items, fixing the bugs and completely reworking the boss fights/removing them completely.But with out all that or halving the price, I can't recommend this game.Sorry Guys, Not the Stealth Game we were all hoping for."
,Not Recommended,280160,30270459,Posted: 1 March,all,Yamero,"I had aragami for a few hours, played it and refunded it. I like how the game felt stylistically, however I cannot recommend it as it feels subpar for a stealth-gameStarting with the positive: The game looks good and controls well enough, a nice dark yet colorful asthetic. Control bindings (which I could not change) were weird yet easy enough to get used to. And it was fairly fun and simple in those respects.HoweverThe AI and vision cones felt inconsistent, the fact that you cannot move bodies until you get an upgrade is also an issue. There is also no cover system for that matter, so you can never be really sure that your hidden enough. Also, another final nail, if you are a save scummer like me, you will be crying because there is only the autosaves and if you ♥♥♥♥ up, your startign ALL THE WAY AT THE BEGINNING OF THE SECTION.It was a nice diea for a game, it just wasn't mechanically strong enough to hold itself up"
76561198092219375,Recommended,280160,28237044,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,💘 Aztak Sweet 💘,"Amazing gameplay, kind of game i been so so looking for a long time and it's here. i love it. bit of sad story.Good controllsFun co-opLove the artwork styleHope more games like this come out in the future."
76561198174688285,Recommended,280160,32829247,Posted: 26 June,all,Radicalised by ISIS,"Okay hear me out on this:My computer is no super machine but it can handle enough games to be able to handle this, and it passed the minimum and reccomeneded specs for aragami. however i launched it and it ran at 8fps.. naturally i thought i guess il turnj the graphics down and went all onto low and even down to 720p... 11fps.So basically if youre unsure wether you will get thisand have a slow PC i wouldnt bother.However this game looks awesome from seeing others play and general gameplay so if you think you can run it give it a shot."
76561198099253174,Recommended,280160,28441782,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Morsictus | Irisveil,"This game is amazeballs. It's like Tenchu with the powers of Dishonored. This game is very short, but apparently there is going to be a level editor soon. The co op is really good too, and with the level editor it'll be amazing. I'd say it's worth 15 dollars rather than 20 due to the lack of gameplay time through the story, so you might want to wait til it's on sale. I was thinking about refunding it and waiting for a sale but I ended up playing the game for 10 hours straight. Another thing about this game is that you keep all the powers you unlock (and you can continue trying to get the powers you haven't unlocked) and they will be saved, so you may use powers that you originally didn't have in other levels, unlike Dishonored, where it was by individual saves with different progress. Overall the graphics aren't the greatest but it is an indie game, so I'd give it 8/10 for that. Gameplay and mechanics 9/10. Stealth 10/10. Story 7/10. I really hope the level editor comes along soon or some more levels :D"
,Recommended,280160,26094002,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,clownprince,"great game love it, but its a difficult one. raged on the second level...great though."
76561197996270180,Recommended,280160,28941901,Posted: 2 January,all,Cold Logic,"Really love this game. Hardcore stealth games have always been great fun to me.Aragami doesnt dissappoint in that area and doesnt punish you for not playing a certain play style. Each level has 3 medals you can achieve; undected, killing no one, and killing everyone. You can go through as an undected ghost without killing anyone and get a S rank. Or, you can go through killing everyone you see and still get an S rank for every level.The powers you gain over time are really fun as well. You can use them in such different ways that they really add to the dynamic of the game. You can create black holes to suck in enemies or turn invisible and slip past everyone.This game is so fun that rather than urge others to buy it, i have bought it for them. Keep it up!"
76561198027720727,Not Recommended,280160,32404145,Posted: 13 June,all,Watermelon,"This game starts out good but around the half way mark becomes downright unfun. the gameplay is inconsistant to a point of frustration, the story is horrible, the two main twists weren't just foreshadowed, they were thrown to hard in your face that if you didn't catch them you may need to get examined, while later on they try to play it off as though you never figured it out.More to the gameplay, in a game all about stealth, it has three boss fights, all of which remove nearly all stealth mechanics from play and instead rely on you simply running away from the boss until you get a chance to do your job instead of simply using the shadows and most stealth mechanics up until that point."
,Recommended,280160,26098799,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,vczh,"OK that's an option...Overall the game is OK, but the game will make you happy only after you have purchased several skills using scrolls in the game. You will be angry at the beginning.======== ORIGINAL ========I cannot do anything when the enemy plays an animation, sad."
76561198350868022,Recommended,280160,30539401,Posted: 16 March,all,hengoku,— It worked! The ritual worked! A real aragami... I really did it!— ...
,Recommended,280160,25970109,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Weel Smiff,"So far this game has been really enjoyable. I don't really have any complaints about the game, except that it doesn't have enough dank memes in it. It does have shadow vaping though...."
,Recommended,280160,28656448,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,OatWiiSih,"This game is awesome. down right awesome. I have already died more than I can count and have rage-quited twice. Still awesome, though. Although a bit laggy (I have a Mac), it's graphics and sound track are amazing. Get on sale though, definitily (spellin') worth the 14 dollars!"
76561198096741596,Not Recommended,280160,28659479,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Devininja,"Level design shortly becomes repetitive and overly simplistic. Gameplay (and just about ALL movement) pretty much boils down to...-blink to a shadow-see another shadow-blink to that shadow-If there is no shadow, make oneIt doesn't really help that the characters and story are about as generic as you can get. You can see the ""twist"" coming  in about 10 minutes or less.I guess this game is cool if you want to be the edgy shadow ninja of your high-school fantasies, but if you're someone who appreciates a sense of depth in their stealth games, there are better games out there that deserve your attention. If you're short on cash, Styx is alright. If not, you might as well play one of the Dishonored games."
76561198047479993,Not Recommended,280160,34260825,Posted: 15 August,all,Gameplayer4885,"Frustrating and lazy A.I, awkward controls and a story so predictable and so cliche you can predict everything that will happen after playing for 10 minutes.The entire time I played through it I found constant BS that made me hate it more and more, the most notable being: guards randomly detecting me instantly from various ranges and various light levels, archers spottting me instantly while I was far away from their line of sight (usually 20+ meters behind them) and sounding the horn, powers or kill commands not working and a color design that made it frequently a challenge to figure out what had a shadow and what was something of the same dark color (grass or dirt, usually) but was infact enlightened.Killing enemies becomes boring after seeing the same 4 or so kill animations and most of the levels are pretty linear. If you are desperate for another stealth game, go for it. But if you don't like games that shouldn't have gone out of their beta state, stay far away from this."
76561198033657385,Recommended,280160,29821028,Posted: 10 February,all,Sämre än edvin,Needs more cleavage
,Not Recommended,280160,31328948,Posted: 23 April,all,straddyvarious,"I want to recommend the game, the art style and play style are good, the music is good, and the abilities are fun. Unfortunately i spent most of the game fighting with controls and bugs rather than enemies.Shadows are weird, you can jump to some but not others, some shadows have about a two pixel area that your mouse must be on to get to them. Half the time the ledge jump is incredibly annoying, many tims the area that registers a ledge jump is so small that you can't climb up and instead just hit the wall. Ledge kills don't work all the time. Seveal times i clipped through the map or landed and was then moved into water and died (in one case i jumped to the other side of a fountain but died when the jump finished, it must have snet me through the water or something)The final straw for me was the last boss, unless there's a hidden mechanic i'm missing to it, the fight got bugged and wouldn't let me attack them. I was able to get in one or two hits some attempts but the vast majority of the time i could be stealthed behind them and there was no option to attack or it simply wouldn't register a ledge attack. After trying for about 10 minutes and only sometimes being allowed to hit them i gave up and put it away.TL/DR: if you want to put it on easy, enjoy the art, music and story with a little killing go for it. If you want to put it on hard and go for perfect runs or 100% completion i would say don't bother, too many frustrating deaths from game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,280160,32078798,Posted: 30 May,all,Nuclear Family Force Five,0/10
76561198257875253,Recommended,280160,32049065,Posted: 29 May,all,SiN_OneManArmy,"This game was fantastic, it had a great story, great graphics, and it was challenging. I recommend this game to everyone"
,Recommended,280160,26060692,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Comrade,9/10                  ''it's ok''                                              - IGNholy♥♥♥♥♥♥            ''i came''                                            -me
,Recommended,280160,25915485,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Buffet Time,"Amazingly fun game, interesting gameplay and very smooth controls. Animations and art style is on point and not Animey which means it's good ;3. There are occasional bugs, but the dev team has updated every day since release thus far, Very fun definitely worth $20"
,Recommended,280160,29249911,Posted: 14 January,all,Septer,"great game well worth the money. nice art style animation gameplay mechanics sound strack and difficult parts at time, definitely replayable too."
,Not Recommended,280160,32932119,Posted: 28 June,all,NooDle Pot @NoLife,"Attempting to play a multiplayer co-op game replaces the UI with 3 options: ""Download"", ""Unknown"" and ""Exit"" not allowing me to actually play.So being unable to play, I cannot reccomend this game."
,Recommended,280160,25867483,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,OCCVLT,Very good game ....kinda gets me ready for Dishonored 2 in a weird stealth way .......anyhow good game
,Recommended,280160,29131997,Posted: 8 January,all,Amurjoeray,Great game. 9/10+Great stealth action+Awesome art direction+Fantastic Storytelling-Minor bugs-Strange transitions between some screensHighly reccomended if you enjoy stealth games like tenchu.
76561198271976602,Recommended,280160,25892785,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,crhonocrossas,im stuck the title screen becasue of a bug !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,280160,33887707,Posted: 29 July,all,Feldmann,"I had a sword.The sword was to small to do anything.I became angry.I killed everyone in my way.Then I got a better sword.I became happy again.Then I killed more people while being happy.9/10 because people with laserpointers are annoying.Also, I heard there would be stealth."
,Recommended,280160,34986473,Posted: 15 September,all,Pigeons░ ▒s,me sneky snake
,Recommended,280160,28652751,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jdhco13,"Fun, wonky, dis gud"
,Recommended,280160,30887924,Posted: 1 April,all,✪ Surpreme,A really fun game!
,Recommended,280160,30877886,Posted: 1 April,all,Silvermoonblood(The Knight),This game is fun and super satsafying to get through without killing
76561198254665442,Recommended,280160,28260789,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Clout Bandit,only bad thing about this game is theres not enough missions 0/10
,Not Recommended,280160,33194647,Posted: 3 July,all,benfromUoN,"yes, the artwork is great, and yes the mechanics of the game are brilliant, but i didn't enjoy this game as much as a friend said i would. here's why:repetative: 12 levels of ""oh theres a light wall"" ""destroy light wall trigger orb thing"" ""get talisman"" ""leave area"".anticlimatic: you think it's building up to an epic boss battle, it isn't. few hits and its done, woooo.easy: there was absolutely not difficulty to this game and i was playing on hard.same throughout: i expected harder enemies as i got through the game, but you face the same walking enemies, and the same archers which added to its dullness.i completed this game in about 7/8 hours, so although i liked the game mechanics, it got rather tedious when i had to do it over and over again, and i was just playing through to the end as it was going pretty quickly, not worth the £15 imho so thank god its on sale (or was)."
76561198139719418,Not Recommended,280160,33935850,Posted: 31 July,all,LotionMotion,"Did I like it yes, but its rating gets a no for me because its too overpriced it should be 10$, and its gameplay gets pretty boring after a bit"
76561198129349304,Recommended,280160,28024711,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bipolar Cock | バイポーラ,This is a lit game
76561198148512633,Recommended,280160,25967903,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SparksNet,Undead ninjas. 'Nuff said.
,Not Recommended,280160,32773777,Posted: 25 June,all,saltygrunt,"game does not support downsampling resolutions. due to the way unity engine implements borderless fullscreen there is no way to play at resolutions higher than your display's native res. this also causes stutter issues, even with my g sync monitor. :("
,Not Recommended,280160,33328794,Posted: 6 July,all,Dimension Five,"Starts out well, but quickly loses momentum as its shallowness becomes visible.  The games not terrible, but lacks enough diversity in its mechanics to stay interesting past the first few levels.  The lack of a save anywhere feature further hampers the games ability to entertain.  Having to redo the same section multiple times due to the infrequent check points can be a real drag occasionally.  The frame rate also seems to struggle for some reason.  The games pleasant looking, but not technically impressive.  So I am a bit perplexed as to what id causing the framerate to dive below sixty so often.  Basically a poor mans dishonored."
76561198025798175,Recommended,280160,29170929,Posted: 10 January,all,Quaiv,"Feudal Japan styled Dishonored light.Aragami is a decent stealth game with neat audiovisuals, mediocre technology and fairly repetetive gameplay.20€ feels a bit high, but in times of abundant sales it is a fair starting point.Recommended for all sneaky ninjas out there."
76561198135172607,Not Recommended,280160,33385376,Posted: 8 July,all,Smi,"Overall, not fun. Too grindy."
,Recommended,280160,32797281,Posted: 25 June,all,dumplingJunkie,Very unique stealth mechanics
,Recommended,280160,33126258,Posted: 2 July,all,Fireman123,"Good n Fun Stealth Game With Anti-Mainstream Stealth Theme,And Good Visual Graphic"
,Recommended,280160,33141235,Posted: 2 July,all,Garlex:$@#!#$!$,Nice artstyle
,Recommended,280160,25966351,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,onehitdunder,One of the most beutiful and fun stealth games i have ever played.
,Recommended,280160,26004557,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,cosmo,It's like assasin's creed but without bugs. 11/10
76561198100421622,Recommended,280160,25966154,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Flash Fire,"This is a really good stealth Game, it is quite interesting how you can manipulate the shadowsthe story is good and the art style of the game is good. I havent gotten too far into the game but i hope to continue."
,Recommended,280160,30913319,Posted: 2 April,all,Spookytown,This game is a twelve year old's wet dream. They can be a ninja AND Shadow the Edgehog at the same time.
76561197973622184,Recommended,280160,26735895,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,fingerbang,"very nice, if u like ninjas and/or stealthgames, worth a try!"
,Recommended,280160,26776689,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,oneanonlyk,"I really like the game, even thou i didnt finish it. It is worth it´s 20 dollar.But you should like to fail and be rage resistant :D"
76561198058911220,Recommended,280160,25938716,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sofaking_kawaii,"I dig stealth games and this one is pretty fun. Simple design, challenging, and due to the scoring system it has great replay value."
,Recommended,280160,25860236,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsay,"I was anticipating this game so much and thought it would most likely let me down. It didn't. Where to begin. The graphics are very uniqe and pretty, the soundtrack is just so beautiful I wanted to stay in the main menu. The controls are very good and responsive and the story is well put together. I've only been playing for a couple hours but those hours were amazing. And if you're a completionist, then there are medals you can get for your playstyle. You like to be an unseen killing machine? Go right ahead. Don't want to harm a hair on your enemy? Yup go do that. Reminds me ALOT of Tenchu and Dishonored. Now go before the Kaiho instakill you.Also for you pervs out there, yes you can look up Yamiko's skirt and see her butt ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,280160,25860654,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Hulms™,"I wont go to indept in this review, the more you don't know the better!It was an amazing experiance really getting the assassin feel to it, don't kill anyone, kill eveything or just try to not get spotted ITS UP TO YOU!Loads of different abilities to choose from inc. my favorite, getting to remove the dead body so they wont raise the alarm straight away.It was some parts in that game like small bugs, I could teleport to places I shouldn't be and when I tryed co-op me and my friend just sat there, and could not do anything but to restart the game and play solo, it was kind of a bummer but playing alone was great fun to.I give this game a  9/10 good story, very smooth gameplay, killing is so satesfying, if not killing luring and out smarting the NPC's with clever movment is also really fun and could make for some interesting challange runs."
,Recommended,280160,28011772,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JamesKojiro,"If you're thinking about buy this, stop thinking and just do. Don't get too upset when the game seems a little on the short side, though. 9.5 Best co-op stealth game I've played in a decade."
76561197995581403,Recommended,280160,29755887,Posted: 6 February,all,[ECG] Think_Freely,"I have really been wanting to get into game reviewing as a hobby, so here is my first official review. I appreciate any feedback or constructive criticism.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOT7llq55aQ"
76561198161681238,Recommended,280160,27526103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,!Skorch_Beast!,i like pie
,Recommended,280160,26097505,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,420 Absolve It,"Literally ""Dishonored Lite"". Wait for a sale, but do pick it up if you're a stealth game enthusiast. Nice cellshaded graphics, no real voice acting though. 7/10"
76561198076669788,Recommended,280160,26285183,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tian'fal,Awesome game
,Recommended,280160,25995617,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ZXC,"10/10PERFECT GAME FOR SNEAKY PLAYERS. ALTHOUGH ANY PLAYSTYLE IS GOOD FOR THIS GAME BUT I PREFER TO BE STEALTHY. THE STORY IS WHAT MAKES THIS GAME SO GOOOOOOOD. THE ENVIRONMENT ALSO IS SO SO GOOD. ALSO THE SOUNDTRACKS IS ALSO NICE THAT MAKES THIS GAME SO ADDICTIVE. BUYING THIS GAME IS 100% WORTH, THIS IS WHAT EVERY STEALTHY PLAYERS DREAM."
,Recommended,280160,26069521,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Shroud,Hate Last Chapter
76561198133936926,Recommended,280160,34139390,Posted: 9 August,all,Jumpin Jesus On A Pogo Stick,batman and ghosts
76561198014423657,Recommended,280160,32781940,Posted: 25 June,all,Frios,I bought this game during the summer sale and for $10 is't absolutely worth it.
,Recommended,280160,25870385,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Truxer,Is it worth buying it? OF COURSE IT IS I MEAN THIS IS AN EPIC GAME!But you can't change your controls :|I rate for this game 9/10
,Recommended,280160,34039824,Posted: 5 August,all,Perforin,"good animations/story/gameplay, if you like stealth type games, you'll love this game"
,Recommended,280160,32793869,Posted: 25 June,all,chooble,Absolutely wonderful game. I just wish there was more to do after the main story other than community levels and mulitplayer.
76561198158936002,Recommended,280160,34127251,Posted: 9 August,all,BoredSithLord,Japanese Corvo Attano with better blink skill.
,Recommended,280160,31088956,Posted: 11 April,all,That Sneaky Little Goblin,This game is lit af. I love stealth games and this just add up to my love for this genra. Think of Stykx mixed of Dishonored in a super stylish japaness art seting. The powers and mechanics are cool and are made for a stealth experiance like this. Pls check this game out!P.S. THE FREAKING SOUNDTRACK IS AMASING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,280160,32922667,Posted: 28 June,all,噩夢神●达克莱伊,还好
,Recommended,280160,32762049,Posted: 25 June,all,Andony,"Is really fun, specially with a mate"
76561198073354283,Recommended,280160,25877842,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Renoku,"As the other reviews have said, this game is pretty good. The gameplay is great, and the art style goes a long way. However, it is also very difficult, at least for those who are new to stealth games. My few complaints would be that rare occasion where enemies seem to be able to detect what they shouldn't, when the teleport bugs, and that there isn't much diversity. It all kinda feels like the same map where I do the same thing. There is no variation in killing enemies really. You either kill them with your sword and make them disappear after, or kill them with shadows and make them disappear at the same time. It is very much a strategy game, and a good comparison in that regard would be Portal."
76561198060326016,Recommended,280160,25877862,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Gunpla!,"Hey guys I've been following Aragami since it was called Path of Shadows, and I'm very happy with the final product!I've been having a lot of fun with this game, and have been craving an actual ninja/stealth game for awhile.I whole heartedly recommend, but I wish we had the same ""Aragami"" from the original Path of Shadows.I liked his design a little more, but that's really the only complaint I have so far!Good job on a wonderful game! Hoping on expansions!"
76561197960558789,Recommended,280160,25877903,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,dogs,good game better than mighty no. 9 imo
76561198169454168,Recommended,280160,26732317,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hyroglyphix,Amazing and I love the unique graphics
76561198143134750,Recommended,280160,26734728,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,I_Come_In_The_Name_Of_B0ss,>god has entered the building
,Recommended,280160,28446136,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cthulu Seemonster,Awesome stealth game.
,Recommended,280160,30919610,Posted: 3 April,all,=epinephrine=,SIMPLY AMAZING AND TOO ADDICTIVEEEEE
76561198109099305,Recommended,280160,33213736,Posted: 3 July,all,Runesoldiero,"Amazing blend of Assassins Creed and Light vs Shadow, all set in a beautiful old japanese/chinese world. To top it all off, wonderful music."
,Recommended,280160,30863390,Posted: 31 March,all,The lord o' Jims,it gud gam gud grafik
76561198321371237,Recommended,280160,31113952,Posted: 13 April,all,Dragolith99,this is my first review and i must say this game is amazing the story is great and the gameplay rules i wish it was slightly cheaper maybe 10-15$ but its still worth the money by a long shot i have fallen in love wtih this game and have completed it 100%
76561198019737541,Recommended,280160,25931620,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Canadians360,"Great game. A fun little co-op gem for me and my buddies. Can be a little buggy on occasion but it's usually just a funy ragdoll effect. With the lack of good co op games these days, I'm so happy I found this."
,Recommended,280160,31205651,Posted: 17 April,all,Chemical Taint,"Although I recommend this game, it's not without it's flaws. Since playing Path Of Shadows I was eager to get into Aragami since the time it was released. It's nice to see that a lot of the elements of Path Of Shadows made their way into Aragami. Those are mostly the good things and are the main elements of the game - Leaping through shadows, distracting guards and being all-around stealthy. Unfortunately I feel like the design around those elements falls flat. The game starts off strong but starts using the artificial difficulty that designers tend to use when they are out of ideas. ""Our player needs to stay in the shadows so this level will be 90% lit up!"" ""The player can get killed instantly by guards if spotted, so lets put a bunch of guards around all staring at each other!"" That doesn't make a game challenging, that makes it tedious. Not that all of the levels are like that but there's a good amount of that stuff in there. Overall the game fills the void that has been lost by games like Tenchu (the obvious ninja/stealth choice) and I enjoyed it enough to get every achievement (which requires playing each stage AT LEAST twice - also a bit tedious) so don't think these complaints mean the game is bad. It's not."
,Recommended,280160,25878513,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MovesLikeJustin,"Game is great. I really wanted a stealth game that would fill the void that tenchu left and this game is it. I like how simple it is to pick up and play, but has enough depth to keep you interested. 10/10"
76561198167706047,Recommended,280160,25879216,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SmoothDjazz,DO YOU LIKE NINJAS?! YEAH? THEN HAPPY ♥♥♥♥IN TUESDAY CAUSE THIS GAMES LETS YOU PLAY AS THE NOOB ♥♥♥♥IN SAIBOT OF MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN NINJA MEN!♥♥♥♥♥♥10
76561198075787025,Recommended,280160,25878260,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SheepamongWolves,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,280160,25878356,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Band!t,"Amazing so far, I will have to say; if it wasn't for dinner plans I would have conitued the story in one sitting. I would have to say the only thing I wish about this game was that I wasn't using a crap controller. This game is immersive and has good character progression that follows the story. You are learing things with the character and I would have to say; it is one of most recommended games at the moment. I can only hope that the gameplay stays awesome."
,Recommended,280160,28736003,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Havn't even beat the game yet and its amazing.
,Recommended,280160,28738416,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jamien,"A few bugs here and there (invisible mobs in multi), and could do with a ""restart from checkpoint/mission start"" for multiplayer.Bugs aside the game is great, better Co-op than single. Art style works very well, music sounds excellent.Will definitely be aiming for 100% for this game, which I don't do often."
,Recommended,280160,33460991,Posted: 11 July,all,RadiantOnyx,"This game has me conflicted.On the one hand, there are some really nice mechanics here. The environments are lovely, and the stealth is done really well (for the most part). There are plenty of alternate pathways to take through areas, and the skill system is pretty nice and well thought out. The addition of steam workshop levels is good too.But on the other hand - the cutscenes are badly done and poorly animated, the story is confusing and badly explained, basic stealth kills take a good 3 or 4 seconds and some enemies, once realising your presence have the ability to spin instantly and destroy you while you were locked in the animation of killing said enemy. The voice acting also feels somewhat... off.I don't dislike this game - I think it does some very interesting stuff and has some neat mechanics - however I don't feel as though it deserves a glowing recommendation either. So, I tentatively recommend this game to fans of difficult stealth games, and maybe to others - but only if it's on sale."
,Recommended,280160,28728105,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tailen,"This is stealth gaming at its purest. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to see what a well-made stealth game should look, feel, and control like. (I'm looking at you,♥♥♥♥♥Creed)At no point do you go ""WTF! How did he see me?!"" Every time you are discovered, it's your own fault for rushing in.Each level has a challenge of not being seen, not hurting any enemies, and killing everyone in the level; encouraging you to do multiple playthroughs. It is varied and short enough to not get repetitive."
76561198131940328,Recommended,280160,28740676,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Reaper,it's a bit short but it's great fun to replay.
,Recommended,280160,34989686,Posted: 16 September,all,Kawaii Waifu,One of the best sealth game I've ever played
,Recommended,280160,34940801,Posted: 13 September,all,KoreanSWAN,this game was fun
76561198246937412,Recommended,280160,34944133,Posted: 14 September,all,YellowDeisel,"One of the best stealth games i've played. It's up there with dishonored, i would say you need the upgrades."
,Recommended,280160,25960585,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gregg Haus,Really great stealth game that is reminiscent of Tenchu.  HIghly recommended.
76561198004529129,Recommended,280160,25957934,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spook,"If you like stealth games like Splinter Cell, You'll love this."
76561198123351840,Recommended,280160,35049461,Posted: 18 September,all,KuroUsagiOni,"Awesome!  I'm a f$@#ing shadow ninja following the orders of a *spoilers* to *spoilers* I can't begin to think of something that would be cooler!  Except maybe if the *spoilers* was to *spoilers*, that would be nice."
,Recommended,280160,29158703,Posted: 10 January,all,PoniPlayge,is gud
,Recommended,280160,35313250,Posted: 29 September,all,{L) {B),This game is really fun. If you're into stealth games this is for you. If stealth isn't your strong suit play dukenukem.
76561198238862258,Recommended,280160,35425990,Posted: 2 October,all,Kakashi Hatake,Very cool game. Reminds me on Assassins Creed.
,Recommended,280160,28666492,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,New Monarchy,"This game is definitely worth it. Stealth games are usually boring to me, but this one is brilliant. BTW on avergae it takes anywhere from 5-7 hours to beat the base game. :)"
76561197998165492,Recommended,280160,30922825,Posted: 3 April,all,Witty Name Here,"I love stealth games, and Aragami brings to mind ""Tenchu: Wrath of Heaven"" from my PS2 days. The reliance on shadows, the teleporting abilities, angrily reloading from checkpoint because the last dude in the area heard the blood drip from your blade, it's all back.Get your ninja on."
76561198009903346,Recommended,280160,30866945,Posted: 31 March,all,Qalaxy,"Text transcript below videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zQQR4lbBHAOh ♥♥♥♥ yes. You’d better believe I bought this game up as soon as I saw it on sale. I’m a longtime lover of stealth games like sly cooper and Dishonored. I don’t know how I missed seeing this, but, apparently, this game was released October 2016 and It never even once popped up on my radar. That’s quite unfortunate – and it’s about time to rectify this personal error.Going in I wasn’t sure what to expect. Admittedly I was more than a little skeptical – and with good reason knowing the amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥we keep getting shoveled onto steam these days.To start - there is a very stylized artistic feel present and it that feeds perfectly into the atmosphere. The somber shadow hugging gameplay gave me the feel that I truly was an elite spirit assassin- and had complete control over the shadows.There is no traditional combat in this game- for say. Instead the entire game relies upon sneaking around and assassinating your foes. The way you do so ranges from stealthidly shadow stepping and slicing a neck to bumb rush stab or be stabbed action. One hit will kill – and If you’re as impatient as me you will die a lot! My impulsiveness  lead to some thrilling action sequences – but more often than not ended up with me getting discovered and murdered. This is a game of patience and timing.The levels are generously laid out and provide a semi-linier way to get from point a to point b. I found myself impressed on more than one occasion at how beautiful and well thought out each map was – despite there being a very noticeable reuse of models. In fact this game reuses a lot of things… There’s not much enemy verity... there’s only two enemies you’ll be facing throughout the game – and I don’t only mean that there’s only two different types of enemies – I quite literally mean there’s only two different enemy models with about 3 different haircuts.This game borrows a few concepts from Dishonored – one of which is that you can chose to either complete the obje7ctive passively or through blood soaking funtime. I of course went for the blood and enjoyed every drenching minute of it.The killing animations are a tinyyyyy bit repetitive, but, along with some pretty entertaining abilities – it flows together quite well into a neat little dance of death. I had a blast seeing what kind of combinations I could string together whilst chopping my way through each level.Ok, let’s talk abilities - Some of the more enjoyable ones you can use include, shadow kuni, shadow clone jitsu, black holes, and summoning a shadow beast to consume your foe – this is by far the coolest.As usual in my reviews, I like to take a few seconds to share some of the in game soundtrack with you. Here you are:Length wise the game is thirteen chapters long. I should point out though that a few of these chapters are strictly boss fights. With the lack of the traditional combat system the boss fights are remarkably well put together and can be pretty ♥♥♥♥ing challenging.Surprisingly- there is a co-op mode available that allows you and a friend to hop into a map together. Unfortunately though, on pc there is a lack of active game lobbies – so you’d have to rely on hosting firsthand or attempt to seek out people elsewhere.Looking at endgame there are a few things to do. You can play through the story again and find any skill points you missed or attempt to complete things in a different way. There’s skins to collect and end level rankings – so you 100% completion nuts would have plenty to reach for. Also, there’s a pretty solid map editor that gives you the complete control to build whatever you like.Without giving away any spoilers - the story is one of the strongest parts to this game. You are a vengeful spirit, or aragami. And your entire purpose is to enact your wrath on the Kaiho – also known as the light.I haven’t had an attachment to a story as strong as this in a long time. While you progress, you get bits and pieces of a fragmented story and by the end you’re fitting it all back like a puzzle that seamlessly comes together.Time for my conclusion, thankfully this game is no steamy turd. It defiantly stands out and it DEFINATLY left a lasting impression on me. If nothing else I’d seriously recommend you at least check out a let’s play and experience the story.Finally - If I was to rate this games overall playtime for an average person I’d say you could get about a solid 12 hours. That’s counting two play throughs, some time messing around in co-op, and the map editor."
76561198232511616,Recommended,280160,25883419,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nev,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GvLpY1♥♥♥♥♥The game starts off slowly with the first few levels teaching you how to use abilities and avoid/kill enemies to progress and quickly ramps up in difficulty after that. You're a ninja of darkness with the ability to shadow leap to the shadows avoiding enemies or using it to kill them in various cool ways. As you progress the story and levels you unlock new abilities which make every level play differently.The game has a few unique features which I have not seen in other games such as your energy being displayed on the back of your character as well as the mechanics surrounding it in regards to the shadow and light.The art style reminds me of other Japanese/anime type games, others might not like it but i am fond of it due to its familiarity.Overall not a long game but includes dynamic replayability which definitely makes it worth the price."
76561197996465480,Recommended,280160,26000023,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Assassin,"10/10This game reminds me of Tenchu but the only thing different is you can’t fight back just like outlast.It makes you plan and use the environment to your advantage.If you like a game that requires for you to fight back, then this game is not for you."
76561198156279159,Recommended,280160,28563730,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MrPirate,"This game is still not complete, lags, and some problems.. but still very nice and playable.Looking forward to it's progress."
76561198038217852,Recommended,280160,29094447,Posted: 7 January,all,xclericx,"This game needs a ridiculous amount of rethinking. The kills animations are essentially just the designers stroking themselves and imagining all the cool things they would do with their katanas. There is no way to cancel certain abilities, even when they are about to get you caught. The afformentioned kill animations, aside from being overwrought and tedious, also tend to move you into the light or right off ledges.A solid game concept, but the designers need to spend less time blowing smoke up thier own asses and more time considering the best way to implement mechanics into a stealth game, one of those mechanics should not be massive amounts of flourishes that serve no purpose except to show off how well the motions are animated."
76561198156148701,Recommended,280160,26521577,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Azy,takes me back to when i was a guard and died
76561198066877276,Recommended,280160,26517667,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,NikachuX,i loved the game!
,Not Recommended,280160,30499112,Posted: 13 March,all,KeytarCat,"Aragami disappointed me.It's an homage to the stealth aspects of Dishonored, with heavy emphasis on the ""Blink"" ability, but the core mechanic is not as reliable enough to make the stealth immersive.  Movement without the Blink is slow and anchored to the ground: There is no jump button.  This makes basic traversal of terrain unpleasant at best and fatal in most cases.The other notable mechanic borrowed from our dear whale-punk friend is the skill point system.  While Dishonored Provides a way to find skill points if you kit out a little less prepared for combat, Aragami provides you with one skill point for use in the tutorial and tells you how many you missed at the end of each mission.  The budgeting required, plus the lack of freedom in play-style choice, leads to only getting two or three abilities, out of 24 choices provided.I kind of want to mention that I don't like the simplistic movements and lack of emotion in cutscenes, but I know how hard and secondary that is for a small team on a game like this, so I won't say any more.In total, Aragami engaged me for the first mission, then feltwrongthe rest of the time I played.  It has it's cool parts, and does do most of what the trailer and blurb say, but it falls short in a way that makes it hard to immerse myself in it.Aragami disappointed me."
76561198042306294,Not Recommended,280160,26172934,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ALiiii,"So many game breaking bugs!So me and my friend have been playing Co-Op for a while. This is indeed a very fun game to play, since both of us enjoy stealth games, we have encountered several bugs througout our playthrough. From guards dissapearing on my friends screen, while they clearly was visible on mine. Making him invincible to being locked out of exit areas, where we just had to restart the whole chapter. At one point we had to replay several chapters due to the fact that one of us died and the exit area got locked down with light, even though we completed every objective that were given to us. This made the whole playthrough a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Still stuck to chapter V, and we can't even proceed, even after restarting the whole game. Once we play through the mssion again, and get to the exit area, it's still locked.. I Would like to recommend this game for everyone to play, especially if you're into stealth games as this game also features Co-Op, but game breaking bugs like this, prevents me from doing so. We don't even know what to do, so we have given up on continuing the playthrough..."
76561198048716300,Not Recommended,280160,29443997,Posted: 23 January,all,Heag,"While art style, plot and overall atmosphere are quite nice, I have a bone to pick with gameplay.The whole concept of being a being of the shadows is great and neat, and has not, to my knowledge, been ever taken this far, with most games keeping shadows and invisibility pretty simple (Splinter Cell franchise, or the most recent Thief, for example).However, my main problem with it is that interacting with shadows simply doesn't work all that well in 3D gameworld. It is easy to find places in Aragami, where mechanics do not work as expected, as in - you see a dark area yet character is not hidden within it.Even worse are game mechanic conflicts, in which main character can at the same time both be in the shadows (which is properly represented by shifting his color to black) yet be under the effects of nearby light (which is also correctly represented by progressively draining the white pattern of his outfit and turning it to red).All in all - nice concept, may be interesting to some, but not that great."
,Not Recommended,280160,28711593,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,s1x7y,Low fps rate and is not very original once you played it like 15 minutos
76561198054167026,Not Recommended,280160,31062715,Posted: 10 April,all,innerlight_1,"I'm at about half the game, and already bored.Despite the nice Japanese ink style art, this gameis repetitive and monotone. There's about two ypesof enemies through the entire game, and it's basicstalk, wait, kill theme gets stale pretty fast.The skills just add more ways to do the same thingand don't really change the gaming experience,and crouching, which is something you want to doalmost all the time, requires constant pressing of abutton which is annoying as hell.All in all, a dissapointment."
76561198050272408,Recommended,280160,27991826,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hondo428,heyyy thats pretty goood
76561197999967004,Not Recommended,280160,31120901,Posted: 13 April,all,Timmy!,"The graphics and music are good but the entire game relies on lack of direction. You're going to spend 99% of this game lost and confused wondering where you're suppose to go and how to get there. I thought this game would be fun for the stealth killing aspect but the enemy AI is complete garbage (seriously, some of the guards just spin in circles). And you spend more time trying to figure out puzzles than you do action related. But if you like being lost and confused and like being rewarded for doing puzzles by getting to do more puzzles then this game is for you."
,Recommended,280160,30870052,Posted: 1 April,all,*sigh*,really good ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198086924119,Recommended,280160,30248395,Posted: 28 February,all,Nugget,"I love this game, it is so fun."
76561198000088094,Recommended,280160,30248661,Posted: 28 February,all,GOObER,I just completed the first chapter and I can already tell it's a great game. It feels just right and has fun gameplay.This game is a keeper even at full price.+ Customizable controls+ Nice graphics+ interesting story so far+ Gameplay is fun and satisfying+ there is a Level Editor+ ... more to come as I play further
,Recommended,280160,25878002,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Prismide,"Wow, I'm actually blown away by how small of a development team can make such a masterpiece of a story game, I'm personally recommending to all friends as this was one of best things I played this year. Thank you for a great game. PS Still gotta get another 8 achievements in game, they will be done by the end of the week the amount I'm gonna be playing this."
76561198336254738,Recommended,280160,30743663,Posted: 25 March,all,euanwaterstonhunt,Aragami is a really good game and you will never get old of it
,Recommended,280160,25965163,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,『Kirex』,Has a Dark Souls easteregg 10/10
,Recommended,280160,29877164,Posted: 12 February,all,High,"It is a really fun game, but the scroll/ablilities system is SO ♥♥♥♥ING CONFOUNDED THAT I CANT GET ANYTHING DONE. If you try to google aragami, there are so many bootlegs, and the wiki itself is a stub article. I love the game, but each scroll should be an ability, not a cancer paper designed to tourment you soul. I only have a few hours on the game, less than 2 btw, but its at the point where refunding looks good. Im on chapter 5 and i still have no abilities. I mean I found the scrools, BUT THERES NO ♥♥♥♥ING SHOP TO SPEND YOU ABILITY POINTS IN. AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING TRAILORS MAKE ABILITIES A HUGE PROMISE. I love the game, but at the same time, IT MAKES ME WANT TO TIE A NOOSE OUT OF MY OWN ♥♥♥♥ING INTESTINES. I HATE IT. But it really is a GOOD game"
,Recommended,280160,28729179,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,abused by cardboard,y
76561198281610933,Recommended,280160,25975546,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,robertlouey,"Dear Developers,You game is awesome. I only have one complaint:GIVE US NON-STEALTH FIGHTING MECHANICS.I know you are looking to create a stealth game, but please follow the example of Hitman and allow us to fight the enemies head-on if we are discovered. I really do love this game, but I had to delete it because the lack of failsafe after being discovered becomes incredibly frustrating. As a person who also SUCKS at stealth games, it is incredibly frustrating. You have the potential of reaching a far wider audience if you impliment a way to kill the army of light after I have been ""caught.'Thank you!"
,Recommended,280160,30078761,Posted: 21 February,all,76561198313136651,Very nice gameThis game is so cool.You transform to shadowand kill the enemy with stealth
,Recommended,280160,25952744,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dedrach,"After 1h in this game I can say that I will finish it for sure and I will do 2nd run to complete challenges. Very well designed. Smooth, clitmatic gameplay. Music and graphics +++."
,Recommended,280160,30878794,Posted: 1 April,all,Nenad Kralj,"I need to say that this game is (so) good. It was worded to spend $9,99 (weekend sell) to buy it. I'm like hook to it. I'm like (new here) and occasional player. So for me is ""hard"" to find some ""good game"" worth of spending $$$ on it. Newer the less I'm not much of a ""gamer"" occasionally I relief my brain from number with doing something completely differently - so in that manner this game is perfect in every essence - and it can be played withsteam controller"
,Recommended,280160,26239616,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CoolMushroom,"This is a great game, but it is not very well optised at all. i have a sold it mid rangel gaming pc and it ran under 50 frames. I would recomend this game but keep in mind it needs a powerful pc."
76561198118283117,Recommended,280160,33239529,Posted: 4 July,all,Acon,Good
,Recommended,280160,25872774,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mugen,"A true stealth game. Very much like dishonored on how the teleporting works and great story. The levels are great along with a great soundtrack that just adds more immersion into it.  The greaphics are great as well, kind of reminds me of Okami with a lil bit of Jet Set radio cell shading style. Overall Phemomenal game 100% worth it."
76561198130042227,Recommended,280160,25864173,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Roninwar,"This game is a lot of fun. The shadow mechanics are pretty interesting to use. The game is pretty straightforward. I would reccomend this game to people who enjoy sneaking around. You will need to strategize and carefully watch the AI's action around the maps. It seems like I am progressing through the game quite quickly, but once I finish the game I will write a better review."
76561198007313220,Recommended,280160,30719981,Posted: 24 March,all,caroraim,"Killer game...best stealth game in years imo. One word of wisdom, make sure before you warp over a creek or river! Water has killed me more times than enemies!"
,Recommended,280160,25977966,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Red_Rover,I like it.
,Recommended,280160,25933781,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rustczar the Vagrant,"The Co-op is basicly two single players. I played with a friend. He wanted to kill everyone, I wanted to stealth everything. I could stay in stealth and not kill anyone but if my friend died, I had to kill myself in order to even get the ""Kill everyone"" achievement. We can't do both which bothers me.It's cool that it is co-op but there's not much sense in it. No interaction between us nor resurrecting (which could fix the ""Kill everyone""-achievement).Also, if you want to have all three of the achievements (No detection, Kill everyone, Don't kill anyone) from each level, you'll have to basically play the game twice, which is bothersome.The Game itself is really well done though, amazing work all in all."
,Recommended,280160,34025892,Posted: 4 August,all,♂ OniiChanDildo ♂,"A pretty fun and entertaining stealth gameWorth picking it up on a sale or if you really like this genre of games (Or if you just like ninjas in general, you weeb scum)"
,Recommended,280160,25879343,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MortalDanger,"Great stealth game.Cool abilitiesmany different ways to conquer a levelUnique, natural, and organic situations arise - great ""Oh S***"" moments and ways to deal with them.Good controls, a few hours in and Aragami is second nature to you and you're zipping around like a pro.It's like Dishonored Lite, but with the core stealth system really flushed out.  Blinking around the map and completing objectives is really fun."
76561197993579784,Recommended,280160,25878094,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,umbabrahattasil,"People saying ""Tenchu"" are really misspelling ""3D Mark of the Ninja"" with the blink element of Dishonored.  I am a Tenchu vet - this is not a spiritual successor and doesn't have the verticality,, but that doesn't mean you must hate the game.  If you loved Mark of the Ninja (like I) then GET THIS GAME.MOTN, while having a 'combat system' technically, was essentially game over if you were spotted.  This is the same, with very similar vibes and creative skills/kills.For the price, and if you're a stealth fan, it's great."
76561198187636057,Recommended,280160,26530277,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Calm The Fuck Down,purty fun gams xD
,Recommended,280160,26567698,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SALMAN,8.5/10Loved this game.
76561198020704187,Recommended,280160,31646241,Posted: 9 May,all,SNAKE Jack,just absolute love it
,Not Recommended,280160,34216529,Posted: 13 August,all,H. Chan,Seems that you need a really damn good computer to run or i just did some♥♥♥♥♥♥wrong because i ran it at like 12 fps on low
76561198158721233,Recommended,280160,31706098,Posted: 12 May,all,gregorio de ferreras,great game
76561198142932709,Recommended,280160,26000569,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Handsome Banana,if you love stealth games just buy it .- good gameplay- good story so far- you can end every chapter without killing any one
,Not Recommended,280160,25880491,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Pier,"I was very excited about this game, but after 1 hour I'm done.Stealth mechanics are meh, but the level design is where it's really lacking. Performance is not so good either. There are constant stutters with most graphic options turned off. Gameplay is really unpolished and seems from an alpha version.For a pure stealth game the interaction with the AI is close to none and the levels don't offer any real challenge. It becomes monotonous and tedious rather fast since the powers aren't all that interesting and the levels are very lineal compared to Thief or Dishonored.For less money get Mark of the Ninja. It's a much better game in all aspects."
76561198000157400,Not Recommended,280160,30269038,Posted: 1 March,all,quantum_waffles,"In general, it feels a little clunky. I often find myself slipping from ledges after jumps that really should have landed; sometimes even getting stuck between obstacles. The camera seems to glitch out at times when hiding in tight spaces.You get points subtracted everytime a body is found, even if you immediately eliminate the target that found the body. And it's not like you can move and hide bodies either. Feels like to get a halfway decent score, you must eliminate everything, or nothing.I just find the game more frustrating than fun."
,Not Recommended,280160,32954650,Posted: 28 June,all,senator,Tried to play w/ my friend but did not work since there was no support for 16:10 (Widescreen) resolutions
76561197960379855,Not Recommended,280160,28917748,Posted: 1 January,all,ZeroXephon,"If you are expecting anything like Tenchu Z, stay away!   This game is extreamly derpy and clunkly.  The powers sometimes work and sometimes dont.  Took several missions to get the ability to discard corpses and it did not work half the time.   Very dissapointing game."
,Not Recommended,280160,26606577,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,scooterprint ®,"I purchased this game and played for roughly half an hour. This game has some potential, but it is not worth 20$. After they add some more content, and maybe some difficulty changes (because some people just suck at games like myself). I will be watching this title for future updates, but at this time I don't believe it's worth it."
,Not Recommended,280160,26329475,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AJ,"There are a lot of frustrating bugs in this game. Especially in chapter 6 and 11 where guards become invisible or stuck, can't disable light barrier, guards with inconsistent vision (they detect you mile away while you in the shadow), or game crash when you try to restart the level, etc. Until they fix those bugs I can't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,280160,31442439,Posted: 29 April,all,Night Man,"The art direction is solid, but the gameplay is quite stiff and the story poorly told.I couldn't finish the game as I was not having fun."
76561198075185554,Recommended,280160,26092630,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Wolfy,I cant belive what I just played it was magnificent I highly recommend this game it has excellent gameplay and touching story I was captivated the whole way through yes there may be some rough patches of difficulty here and there and a few odd bugs but they are destroyed by the quality of this game I hope whoever reads this purchases the game and I developers please make another Aragami you did a good job.
,Not Recommended,280160,26486733,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Shaun,"Level design is top. I enjoyed to stealth through the levels and find new paths to avoid being sighted.HOWEVER the reason I downvote the game is simply coming from very frustrating boss fights that are far, FAR from being fun.Especially those that go through entire levels and forces you, when you get hit once, to start over again from the beginning.I had my fun, but the boss fight against that archer chick is too frustrating for me to consider playing this game through."
,Not Recommended,280160,26191201,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Cobain,"3 Wordsshort, easy and repetitive. Just when the game gets good it ends, just when you thought it might challenge you, it ends.Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥overall but told in an interesting way.AI is dumb, controls are clunky and game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get it for 5 dollars."
,Recommended,280160,25859769,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DYP,Become one with the shadow.
76561198335863450,Recommended,280160,33195664,Posted: 3 July,all,The Motherf*cking Mailman,"6/10+Nice Visuals+Decent story and ending+Cool abilities/-But limited-Can't jump or open doors-Minor glitching-The game puts you in situations sometimes that the character clearly isn't meant to do(platforming of all things.)-Drags on for a bit too much-F*ck the Oni medalsBuy when on sale, not worth full price in my opinion. Which I thankfully did. Mark Of The Ninja is better, except for the achievements requiring PAID DLC. But otherwise, loads better."
,Recommended,280160,32605768,Posted: 20 June,all,Aragami Assassin,I Like This Game But I Don't Think Alot Of People Play This Because Everytime a Try To do co-op It Says No one Is Hosting Right Now So I Need To Do Co-op
,Recommended,280160,32375038,Posted: 12 June,all,Bodega,THIS GAME MAKES ME NUT WHEN I KILL ANYTHING HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥NUT NUT NUT NUT NUT
,Recommended,280160,25875990,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Daiko,YES.
,Recommended,280160,25907582,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spoof and a Goof,"This Isnt No Man's Lie, so this game is good!(enough said)"
76561198133343586,Recommended,280160,30900445,Posted: 2 April,all,grayhood,A very unic stealth expiriance and a very good game.
76561198016704489,Recommended,280160,25868799,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nebuchadnezzar,What are you waiting for ?
76561198137005789,Recommended,280160,32581918,Posted: 19 June,all,Gama,Great game but this game can go ♥♥♥♥ itself on hard difficulty
76561198146362647,Recommended,280160,25873014,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,JakkeH,go watch shrek has swag
,Not Recommended,280160,28705048,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sabre,A decent game that highlights everything wrong with stealth games today.
,Not Recommended,280160,28554301,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jahn,"Controls are extremely clunky and boss battles subtract from overall game mechanics and feel.   Simplistic mechanics, poorly coded"
76561198250508584,Recommended,280160,30677960,Posted: 22 March,all,Yuki,K but like this game is basically a weeb-ified Assassin's Creed. Must have for every single weeaboo like you're a ninja and♥♥♥♥♥♥it's pretty cool
,Recommended,280160,30852282,Posted: 31 March,all,Butt,GG
76561198105658842,Not Recommended,280160,30322226,Posted: 4 March,all,steve-rolo,I found aragami to be very fun however with it ending the way it does made me very disappointed and for this reason I would not recommend this game.
76561198011351749,Not Recommended,280160,28802971,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HedgeHedge,"It's a nice and pretty stealth game, But I unfortunatly cannot reccomend it. Mainly becuase the the lack of IG ability to learn how to actually use ones abilities. I have stoped playing after buying ""Shadow KIll"" Because I can't even google a way of how to activate it on the PC. I see no equivanent of ""Square"" in the key control menu, which is apparently the way to activate it on the Playstation. But the ""Alternate control options seem to be Xbox controls in my Key Control Menu.If this game actually allowed me to use what should be a good skill, I would probbaly continue playing and change this review, but right now there is no information on how to actuall summon the shadow beasts.A makig good User Interface is like telling a good joke. The minute you have to explain it you failed."
76561197967079158,Not Recommended,280160,28850034,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,KAMPFKOLOSS,"game is too bugged.I teleported into a shadow and landed in the water and was dead.I teleported into a shadow and was teleportet into the light, seen and killed; cleared almost the whole area and could restart from checkpoint.etc.the objectives are bugged sometimes which forces you to restart the checkpoint or chapterplus the game lags especially after teleporting or killing someonevery frustrating"
76561197972353037,Not Recommended,280160,25900930,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rockyu,"While the core mecanic of jumping into shadows is fun everything else feel a lot clunky and not fun at all.Levels doesn't have any challenge, and more you go into the game the more the gameplay feel buggyYou can only jump into predefine shadow, not the shadow made by the ennemies, it confused me alot at the beginning.The plot is pretty obvious, but it's not terrible I guess.The overall realisition is pretty bad though.You will always encounter the same two ennemies.The animation are just awfull at best.The levels will try to put some challenge with more ennemies, or some obstacle of some sort, but the always feel like an hassle more than anything.There is a lot of potential in the game but they're badly used.I don't recommend it because the game is expensive for the quality of it.There is a lot of other good stealth game way better for the same price or cheaper.It feel like a student project where the guys made it into an actual game after gradueting : not the good move.What made me quit the game : spending 30min in a level to kill every guard, getting spotted on the last few becasue the game didn't want me to jump, so I had to redo everything again. And as said again everything felt like an hassle, so no thank you."
76561198018319411,Recommended,280160,25859241,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,si,"its a basic form of dishonored with a really cool theme, the answer is yes yes and yes"
,Recommended,280160,26234385,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},nice stealth game
76561198087186278,Not Recommended,280160,28419767,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rathguard,"Clunky controls and badly skewed game mechanics.  It seems that what is and is not a shadow is determined randomly and enemies can see you through walls while you are hidden in shadow, but then in the middle of a brightly lit hallway they just let you slip past without incident.There is also no jump capability and you die if you touch water...  Space bar is by default attack (what?)I am deeply saddened that this game is utterly unplayable, the concept and the art and music are awesome.  Just seems like they only had the budget to make it LOOK cool.Also, you are supposed to be a stealthy ninja/ghost, but your cloak is the most brilliant shade of the most eye catching color in the spectrum...  Hmmm."
76561198019582146,Recommended,280160,30770748,Posted: 27 March,all,Ragnarök,Just fun game to play and really enjoy this stealth game
76561198084935483,Recommended,280160,25889417,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"Great game, has awesome mechanics - simple yet fun. Adds more and more interesting things as you go further into the game. It's not incredible hard but it is still challenging. If you like stealth games then this is the one for you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7dEG8i9n7k"
76561198022198104,Not Recommended,280160,25864782,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FreaKing,"I was so excited to see Aragami finally on sale on the Steam store today. A lot of players said it played like the Tenchu series. I have been a huge fan of the Tenchu series since playing the first game as an import on my friend's moded PS1 back in the late 90's. After playing Aragami for a little under an hour I can say that the screenshots make it look like Tenchu but the actual gameplay is more Tenchu lite. The game's overall storyline and classic Japanese levels are there (no real vertical levels that I saw), but that's about it. I wanted to use multiple tools, traps, and ways of luring my enemies into their demise, but all you get is the same two or three kill animations with a sword you can't use in actual combat, only canned death animations. I saw in later levels you do get access to some shadow powers (and read about them in the menu), but after watching videos of people using those powers, I feel like it's not worth trying to get that far and that those powers are not worth keeping the game.The game also makes my NVidia 1070 sad as frame rates dip down to the 40's. Check ACG's video review on Youtube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzFVKN9FCuEFinally, and I know it's probably just me, but I can't stand a stealth game that involves lots of interaction with the environment, where I can't jump.Why can't I jump?I'm supposed to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥ghost ninja who can do anything.I know I'm supposed to use the shadow teleport move, and that's the game's BIG GAMEPLAY MECHANIC, but it's not enough for me.  I need options to move around the environment as I see fit.  Why can't my Ninja jump over the two foot high cemetary wall? What is this, Resident Evil 2?Jumping aside, the game feels very rinse and repeat. Teleport into shadows, find a light dude, sneak behind him, and play the slow canned stealth kill animation. I can also press the X button for the game to jump for me and then execute the slow canned stealth kill animation. I don't get to jump, the game jumps for me and only when I am standing on a ledge. I wouldn't even call it a jump, it's really just a fall onto a bady guy with your sword ready for the kill.Choice of movement and playing the same level tons of different satifying ways is the whole appeal to any stealth/ninja game. Completing the level with either killing no one or killing everyone is not enough. I want to toy with my enemies, see the AI work together only to trip and fall as I decend upon them. I think back to all the great buffet of tools in the Tenchu series to do so many different status effects to my enemies and then I see Aragami's tool set. I really want to love this game. As Mr. Plinkett once said, it's the devil in the details, my lovely.UPDATEDI love all these comments, even the insulting ones.The question every gamer must ask themselves is how long should a game take before it's judged by the gamer to be worth continued playing?For me and this game, I felt like I had reached that time and I made my choice.Every gamer gets to make their own choice in this matter and I'm just glad that Steam gives that 2 hour window to make that decision. I wanted to really like this game and I tend to only write my feelings about a game if I feel it was worth talking about, which I did.There's so much else I could write about:-whether or not AAA games and Indie games deserve the same time to judge their product-the difference between a game that gets better due to added features or just a game that feels better because the gamer has simply spent more time with it.-the needs and wants of different gamers, for example, I don't have a lot of time to secod guess whether a game will get betterMaybe one day I'll get back to this game, but for now, I'm off to play other games."
,Recommended,280160,25857571,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ciber,"First Impressions: Really great! Nice atmosphere, graphics and gameplay"
76561198256335295,Recommended,280160,25937015,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Disco_Steve_PhD,good
,Not Recommended,280160,26396371,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Pupunoob,"I'm probably a minority on this, but this game made me feel nauseated. The camera was poorly done, constant sudden movement and shakes, getting hit by walls etc. Looks pretty nice, and I like the shadow powers but not enough to make me recommend it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK3zt50MaLU"
,Not Recommended,280160,33477860,Posted: 12 July,all,Pure cocaine,I would give this game 10/10 if i could reset while playing co-op
,Recommended,280160,29014893,Posted: 4 January,all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
76561198127169235,Recommended,280160,25860939,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,GamingKraken,Amazing.Very fun to play either stealth with all kills or without any kills
76561198205348136,Not Recommended,280160,28772267,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,No1Gr8ter,"This requires a top of the line computer, if you don't have one you very simply have to much lag"
,Recommended,280160,25862169,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,bloodydog,"wow REALLY fun been playing for 5 hours !!   buy the game guy $17 worth it ,,,,,,,MSI GE 62 2QE  ..GTX 965m ,,,,,"
,Not Recommended,280160,30613067,Posted: 19 March,all,Moven,"Aragami Looks Amazing but is poorly made. If you took a screenshot you would say ""Wow that looks amazing"" but the animations are terrible the gameplay terrible and there is soooo many glitches. I tried to play this game But i couldnt the only reason you would buy this game is if you wanted screenshots. 2/10"
,Recommended,280160,28211497,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,Good game!
76561198096225811,Not Recommended,280160,30270151,Posted: 1 March,all,Aching Banana,It becomes very pointless one hit kills you. You can't hide a dead body so they are all ways after you so you need to  hide every time you kill some body. Every time you die you got to do the same thing over and over and over what's the point of that.  I mean it gets old quickly. So I would not waste my time or money it's not worth it in any way.
,Not Recommended,280160,32681466,Posted: 23 June,all,Kritelli!,"Good game, boring combat."
,Recommended,280160,30934350,Posted: 3 April,all,Stonehead of the Crime Family,"Not sure if this game was made in Japan or if it was just made by weaboos.Anyways, you play as an edgy ninja who litteraly dies if he touches sun light. He has the classic ""too cool for skool"" look mixed with the ""get out of my room MOM"" look and is socially awkward around the female protagonist. I have no freaking clue what the story is and I think I'll get kidney stones from the sheer amount of cheesyness. The ninja dude has no memories because video game and you have to find them while the game ♥♥♥♥♥ out a story. And because razor edge ninja stayed in his room so long you have magic powers to make the stealth possible. When you collect scrolls you get more abilities like ""shadow kill"" where you use your rejected band name to assassinate the light side of the force... or whoever they are. Because you are obviously the good guy, you use the power of darkness to kill warriors of light... no, I don't have that mixed up.Oh, it also has multiplayer... because weaboos like you have friends, right?"
,Recommended,280160,28477292,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rick,Unacceptable!
,Recommended,280160,32648668,Posted: 22 June,all,resosu,cool
,Not Recommended,280160,32306543,Posted: 9 June,all,✪KNIGHT,Get bored easily with  just warping around
76561198062912149,Not Recommended,280160,28779015,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Savron,Its so easy its boring I would'nt recommend buying it
76561198032825140,Not Recommended,280160,29157667,Posted: 10 January,all,Cynical,"So, I guess this is our brave new future in a world with Steam refunds.Aragami seems compelling at first. The mechanics are a bit questionable (detection is very hard to predict, zero elasticity), but the excellent level design through the first five missions carries it.And then, just after you're past the refund point, you hit mission 6, and the game turns into ""Super Meat Boy in 3D with a two-second control lag"".Aragami eschews jumping entirely in favor of a Dishonored-style blink. Mission six devolves into a sequence of ultra-tight jumps in a 3D space, where you have to use the aim-and-fire blink. And one blink less than 100% perfect between moving platforms and laser beams is instant-death. You do the math.Screw this game, I have better things to do with my time than try to play a masocore platformer with unusable controls for ""challenge"", such as pounding nails into my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,280160,25856407,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ardislayer,Dishonored Way of the Ninja Thief = Yes!
,Not Recommended,280160,26057677,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Asriel Dreemurr,"I bought Aragami after months of hearing great reviews of the stealth game. I was sorely dissapointed. My computer, a mid 2013 Macbook Air, which exceeds the minimum requirements for the game, didn't even run the game correctly with all visual settings at their lowest. As I've read, the visuals are one of the greatest selling features of the game, but without them, I felt the game was boring and repetitive. Save points and checkpoints are extremely scarce, which makes the game extremely difficult. I would not recommend this game to anyone without a gaming computer, and even then, be prepared for repetitive sneaking and stupid A.I."
76561197972900486,Not Recommended,280160,28186936,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,불윈캘,"Stealth games are my thing. Aragami was not. I wanted to like it, but it was just boring."
76561198074409338,Not Recommended,280160,25991258,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jrmajiddesign,"Another  great game as far as steam reviews say but me and my friends are having tons of issues. Options wont change, resolution is fixed atr 640 and looks horrible and crops wierd. Game constantly freezes. To bad since thjis looked good and reviews say it was great. Another shotty half made piece of crap is what it is."
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,280160,34136835,Posted: 9 August,all,Rickityr3kt,Nothing like the good Tenchu's. Namely the first three and Shinobido. Instead we got a Tenchu Shadow Assassin game here.  I hate that game.
,Not Recommended,280160,25929308,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gnomebauer,The gameplay was amazing and coop was fun but this game is a buggy mess...
,Not Recommended,280160,28797429,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,craftycommando,Boring and slow. Stealth for kiddies
,Not Recommended,280160,33202853,Posted: 3 July,all,✯Tyler✵ - SteaмLevelBot,bad multiplay
,Not Recommended,280160,29068386,Posted: 6 January,all,Fipple,I didn't get the joke at the end.
,Not Recommended,280160,30276874,Posted: 2 March,all,Bryan Young,I honestly just didn't find this game fun whatsoever
76561198140874592,Recommended,280160,25891231,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mike,Good game.
76561198004828985,Not Recommended,280160,26003197,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Woef,this game is great till it focres you to kill o great all my skills are put into being stealth and not killing....
,Not Recommended,280160,28806469,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"This game should be titled ""Framerate Issue Ninja.""  We need better optimization for PC.  This belongs on Xbox One."
,Not Recommended,280160,30544830,Posted: 16 March,all,HoomanSA7,It is so boring ...
,Not Recommended,280160,25940912,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Darthus,"Was super stoked about this game. Love stealth games, love ninjas, loved Tenchu. This feels decidedly ""budget"", with unrealistic spikes in difficulty (Tutorial into a small area with 30 guards who kill you in one hit and trigger an area wide search), immediately followed by 5 minutes of very few guards, to an area with 30 again, rinse and repeat, small gitches (saw ""Show Objective C"" as an objective marker on the ground) and overall just not very satisfying (for me) stealth gameplay. Tried playing with the controller and it was impossible, played with the M&KB and the game was spamming teleporting between shadows trying not to be instantly seen as I teleported around a corner.If you enjoy methodical, full of information and planning stealth games like Tenchu and Thief, I don't think this is for you, however if you enjoy actiony puzzle games with light stealth mechanics, maybe this will float your boat. Not to mention the odd Japanese simlish. Once the game had the floating ball of light yell at me ""Hey, Listen!"" as a Zelda reference totally out of tone and context, I was done."
,Not Recommended,280160,25864005,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ForscythBrazilliance,"Not a bad game by any means, but just too easy and has a number of performance issues that keep me from fully enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,280160,28656657,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,podsaurus,I have found the game to be laughably easy on hard mode. I've breezed through the halfway mark of the game (was on chapter 6 of 12 total) in three hours. All that I have done is stick to the edges and shadow leap everywhere. I could have unlocked new upgrades/powers but I didn't see the need to. None seemed useful and I was moving through the levels just fine without them.
,Recommended,280160,25870972,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Toasteey,"'I'm a child-line poo' ~ Zaz, 2016"
,Not Recommended,280160,28987581,Posted: 3 January,all,ATYPICALJUPITER,do not get on a mac because your fps will got to 7
,Not Recommended,280160,26419570,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,i feel disappear,"The Game would be fun if it wouldn't be so frustrating to the Point where i'm going to refund it.Pros:-looks gorgeus-music is amazing-smooth GameplayCons:-too few Checkpoints-too many Enemies in a Small Area-Skillpoints are very rare and hard to find-Performance isn't the bestConclusion: I'm going to refund this Game, if there would be a few more Checkpoints i would give this a Thumbs up and would not refund it."
,Not Recommended,280160,33610651,Posted: 17 July,all,CSGOatse.com csgowitch.com,Not really worth
,Not Recommended,280160,25941258,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,HFT,"Aragami is a nice game with cute mechanics and mediocre plot.But it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and way too often looks like a powerpoint slide show, often dipping under 10 frames and with my computer that absolutelu should not happen in a game like this where you mostly look 10 meters forward and see 1-2 eenemies.Also, Hey! Listen!"
,Not Recommended,280160,34235257,Posted: 14 August,all,Life of Boris,so i dont have a good computer but i went on the canyourunit site and i saw that my computer met the stats needed but even when i play on the lowest settings i get bareley 20 FPS
76561198344104046,Not Recommended,280160,30303036,Posted: 3 March,all,ninja7455,"I really disliked this game on mac it is like a super slow stop motion, it takes almost 10 seconds for it to respond to a movement you make and is so laggy for me"
,Not Recommended,280160,30274370,Posted: 2 March,all,Uncle Mullings,The sensitivity slider doesnt work so I'm refunding it
76561198148518490,Not Recommended,280160,32751426,Posted: 24 June,all,JonesTheGod,"This is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the powers are dumb, the controls, the story, the graphics. Frankly I want a mother♥♥♥♥ing refund, biggest waste of my money, and I bought it on sale."
76561198148168746,Recommended,280160,30765886,Posted: 26 March,all,khaliyazix,get a refund
,Not Recommended,280160,26349442,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dank as Frank,cant run it
,Not Recommended,280160,25883392,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Apocosausage,"The game feels extremely lacking for the price, the game is extremely simple. I do not dislike the game, but isimply cant recommend it because of these reasons"
76561198065996187,Not Recommended,280160,29245457,Posted: 14 January,all,AcroBatReader,Why can't I jump? That makes no sense at all and I really think it would help. It's so frustrating.
,Not Recommended,280160,25942393,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Assman,"I couldn't get past the first level because it runs so poorly, I have no doubt the game is fun, but until the dev can fix this annoying performance problem I can't give it a positive review.I really hope the issue is fixed soon because the game looks so good ;_;"
76561198068113975,Not Recommended,280160,28244738,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ஜ۩Ruskyム۩ஜ,Eh
76561198267837624,Not Recommended,280160,28976463,Posted: 3 January,all,LokiStorm,it lags A LOT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A GOOD GRAFIC CARD IT DUS
,Recommended,280160,25966050,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Shadows of light
,Not Recommended,280160,28649153,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,"not bad, but I wish you didn't have to find the skillpoints around the map.Music and atmosphere are nice though, just not my kind of stealth game"
,Not Recommended,280160,25896581,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Rakanishu,The instant death spotting mechanic is really uncool. no chance to fight back no chance to try and hide. The shadow step system is bugged or something because it doesnt let me do it half the time and im not using all of my ability gauge at all when i try to use it and cant.
,Not Recommended,280160,25868653,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Apple,"I remember when I was younger you could pick up a Tenchu z games for $20 dollars and it was more fleshed out then this, the  stiff modules in this game are so off putting that it literally feels like there no soul behind this game. wish there was combat other then pressing Space Bar when you were close to a enemy. Seriously if you want a better time and money well spent go pick up mark of the ninja."
,Not Recommended,280160,26021599,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Corrosion,"So incredibly many bugs it's sickening.It feels like more of a chore to beat the game than having any fun to it. I can't tell you how disappointing this is. I was really looking forward to this... I'm sorry if this sounds rude, but considering how many bugs I found and how hard it was to beat 3 missions due to the bugs, it's really annoying.I got stuck in a bird cage by walking toward it trying to let the raven out. Had to restart the entire mission.I try killing the guards sometimes and it literally just doesn't do anything but it'' shake the screen like I'm trying to stab them but I'm having a nervous breakdown. Had to restart the entire mission.I cleared an entire area of about 10-15 guards and a guard basically fell out of the map so I couldn't kill him, he was the last one on that map. Had to restart entire mission.Touching water instantly kills you and makes you restart from the last damn check point and some of them take forever. (Ninjas can't swim in this)You cannot jump over a 2 ft high wall without using your magic abilities. (Ninjas...)Sometimes, multiplayer just doesn't load despite me and my friend both being in the same room.Sometimes, multiplayer doesn't show my name. (Unknown)Sometimes, the internet doesn't work through the game at all. (Community hub, friends list, etc)More that I cannot think of right now. I almost refunded multiple times but did not. Please fix these issues devs."
,Not Recommended,280160,25974909,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SoyPongChingTheAsian,This game lags for me so much idk why. . . . .
,Not Recommended,280160,25889327,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,skillmaster cs:soucre,♥♥♥
76561198260486305,Not Recommended,280160,30882351,Posted: 1 April,all,Will smith,"Well, I am sad and disappointed.I LOVE stealth games and this one looked incredible.Unfortunately my parents hate windows for some reason and I have a mac.Yeah I shouldn't be complaining but I love gaming and mac's are similar to piles of chrysalid♥♥♥♥♥♥in terms of playing video games.But normally I can lower graphical quality and still have fun.Nope not Aragami the frame rate stays at a steady absolute f**kall frames per second.I can't even rate the gameplay because I couldn't experience any of it.I will change this review in a heartbeat if someone can help me fix this or the developers address it.But I am refunding the game as of current do to how unplayable it is."
,Not Recommended,280160,30237427,Posted: 28 February,all,Mirror [VGKEY.IR],GAME IS GOOD.SO NOT GOOD MATCH ControllerBut can not move and see .very bad config to steam controller
,Not Recommended,280160,30093543,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198057341079,Recommended,280160,30628804,Posted: 19 March,all,Blameproject,"this is a game where you hate it or love it, its mecanics are unlike most games, think like the first assasins creed on playsation, but they work. If you are in it for story its okay, but nothing specialthe twist was okay, I mean they were hinting at it the whole game.the mechanics are fun and once you get use to them they work, If you are a completionest you will play this game forever.the final boss is not fun at first but as you get use to it's moves AKA hide behind the big fox statue and hope it pops up in the right place, at least thats what I did it works out. (she like everyone else in the game one hits you.If you dont like one hit kills or cheap kills dont play this game."
76561198347566768,Recommended,280160,30641802,Posted: 20 March,all,smilesfinn,good game haven't beat it yet but very fun i love the animation and would reccomend it any day
,Recommended,280160,25906496,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,me,"Let's start with the cons first.-The performance is TERRIBLE. This is mostly to blame on the unity engine which is notorious for this problem, and I sincerely hope that LinceWorks will not publish another game that's running on unity.-Some sections are very trial-and-error based. The last ""boss"" (yes this game has bosses) is basically ""try every possible route until you find the right one"", which can be frustrating.-The third enhancement for your spotting Raven, Kurosu, turns finding scrolls into an additional errand that you're running. I would recommend unlocking this as the very last skill as otherwise you never feel rewarded for finding a scroll. I robbed myself from a ton of fun by playing the entire game chasing scrolls above everything else.-You can't jump. Aragami is a ghost ninja that can teleport, but can't climb over a ledge. It know it's deliberate, but still... eh.So, what did I like about the game?-The Leveldesign is awesome in that it lets you choose your own order of objective completion. The ""Teleport to the shadows"" gameplay works beautiful in that the game movement never feels restrictive. It has also apparently been playtested extensively, as I never once managed to reach an out-of-bounds area despite trying. Both of these things combined result in that you never EVER feel like you're walking a path that has been pre-determined by the developers, which makes the game ""feel"" ridiculously good. And even on that reason alone I could recommend this game to any stealth enthusiast from the bottom of my heart.-The soundtrack is sexual intercourse for your ears. TwoFeathers have done an excellent job at creating a perfect thematic soundtrack for Aragami, and the DLC was worth every penny.-The game rewards you for every playstyle and it incentivizes multiple playthroughs with collectible scrolls which contain skill points and text bits about the game lore, and unlockable costumes.And then there's subjective stuff. I felt like the cel shading graphics thematically fit the game very well and I enjoyed the story, even though it's a little bit cheesy how it throws a major plottwist at you right before the final boss.As the credits rolled across the screen, I shed tears because I didn't want it to end.I absolutely adore Aragami. It is by far the best stealth game that I have played in an eternity."
76561198301172185,Recommended,280160,30494789,Posted: 13 March,all,Chill,"Aragami is a great 3 person stealth game that truly has a specia feel to it. Unlike other stealth games, this one is hardcore in the sense that you're a one hit, which is challenging and fun. By finding secret scrolls around each chapter you can unlock all sorts of special abilities, aragami's powers, defensive powers and offensive powers.Wouldn't spoil the abilities, learn for yourself!Aragami has 13 chapters,but there is a ranking system for each chapter. At the end of a chapter it counts you kills, how many times you've disturbed people, and many many other factors along with 3 main objectives that give extra points: Undetected, pacifist and all threats eliminated, and at the end it gives a rank such as a,b,c etc.After finishing chapters you can either play online missions with another person, play a map by yourself and choose the size etc,do all the challenges that are at the end of the chapter (undetected....) and more things that u can find out. So its not just about the story, Aragami can continue as lpng as you set goals and such by yourself.A perfect stealth japanese-style game with perfect stealth elements, alot of fun objectivrs and goals that add to teh game, character customization and a great story. Recommended alot!"
76561198200175728,Recommended,280160,30544197,Posted: 16 March,all,SimonAnxiousFredbear,AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,280160,30531936,Posted: 15 March,all,Eddol,"Thrilling stealth/assasination game in the style of Dishonored. The mechanics work well and makes choosing your path fun. Story is nothing unique, but isn't bad enough to impact the experience. Artwork is well done and helps bring out the setting, with a slight nod towards anime. Absolutely a thums up."
76561198035455533,Recommended,280160,30581284,Posted: 17 March,all,jjmendez,"Good Game. My one problem was that the final boss was a complete opposite to the rest of the game, requiring extremely offensive play instead of extremely defensive play."
76561198012424917,Recommended,280160,30483519,Posted: 12 March,all,De3dpool,It is good. But kind of glitchy and you probably dont want to get it if you dont have a friend to play with.
,Recommended,280160,27902103,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Peppymint Butler,"hidden gem if you like co op campaigns, ninjas, beautiful cel shading, and well-paced stories."
,Recommended,280160,27962575,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Demon Wolfie,"Honestly i saw the trailers before it came out, an i thought to myself this would be a good game, AND IT IS!! It is the most wonderful piece of PC art i have ever seen, making the best pieces of art for consoles being Okami and Abzu. I have never been so mesmerized by the artsyle of a game since i played Okami and Abzu, it is ♥♥♥♥ing well done!! The concept is very well thought out, the story including Yamiko's backstory made me super sad, and the Shadow leap. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THE SHADOW LEAP, I HAVE NOT HAD AS MUCH FUN WITH A GAME MECHANIC AS USING SHADOW LEAP!!SCORE CHART:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Story: 9/10Artsyle: 15/10Character Development: 10/10Game Mechanics: 10/10Game Concept: 10/10BONUS: +50Overall Score for this game: 128/100"
76561198089471533,Recommended,280160,27716003,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zuzmo,"Best stealth game i ever played, mechanics are good, stylish looks, captivating but simple story, its simply a great game."
,Recommended,280160,27728092,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hurricane,good
76561198021763142,Recommended,280160,27480592,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hosp,Brilliant game.Also cheaper than Dishonored 2.
,Recommended,280160,26107805,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kaelix,"Aragami was a very nice game. I really recommend if you are a fan of stealth / ghosting / silent assassin type of games.I spent 32 hours to complete each of the 13 chapters twice. The first pass, I would aim for No Detection (Yurei Medal = Ghost) and All Enemies Killed (Oni Medal). The second pass, I would aim for No Detection (Yurei Medal = Ghost) and No Enemies Killed (Kami Medal = Pacifist).Some maps were harder than others but usually the second pass took around 15-20 minutes while the first pass would be always over an hour.The sound is nice. The graphics are nice but you will find issues here and there. Honestly, I was enjoying the game too much to care for the small issues. I had a few occasions where I died due to the way the ""Shadow Leap"" is limited in distance but it wasn't frustrating.I recommend focusing on the ""bird"" abilities first as it will give you the ability to locate all scrolls in a map. This will make it easier to unlock the rest of the skills faster. I would usually end up getting the scrolls on the first pass.I got all the achievements.It will be easy if you do both passes. Some of the situational achievements, I had to go look for how to force trigger them. Two example are the last two I got: God Eater and Dishonored.I restarted the game after finishing both passes and found an area with 3 guards close by to draw and then swallow with Shinen (which I didn't use much of the game). As for the Dishonored achievement, I had never died while performing a stealth kill during the rest of the game, so I had to force the situation on the same first level. :)All in all this will go into my best games category. Really good fun. :)"
,Recommended,280160,25929273,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bansic,"Good game, kinda reminds me of Tenchu a bit.Pros:+Stealth is very well handled+Environment gives game whole new layer of depth due to importance of shadows.+Story is present and decent.+Gameplay itself feels fluid.+Controls make sense and are easy to understand.Cons:-AI isn't all that great, sometimes the pathing messes up and the enemies will walk in circles when encountering an obstacle.-Minimal skill tree, not a whole lot of variety for gameplay type.-It only happened once for me, but after a kill, the enemy's sword glitched out and rocketed me into the sky.Freaking amazing, 9/10, must have stealth game."
76561198154388130,Recommended,280160,27906536,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dominion001,"Fun and challenging game with a great stealth and power system, and co-op for even more fun. Doesn't get much better than that"
,Recommended,280160,27327911,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joel,Probably one of the most relaxed games I've played in a good time. The variations of completing a chapter is endless and the stealth is just on point.
76561198006565852,Recommended,280160,27297249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hobo,"When I was growing up Tenchu was one of my favorite games. It was a single player stealth based ninja game. This game a quite a throwback to that game. The stealth kills feel satisfying and it feels genuinely good to make it through a level without being spotted. Aragami is a purely stealth based game about getting from point A to point B with lots of stabable opponents in the way. Also there is Cooperative play with one other person.All in all it’s a very fun stealth game, maybe a little short, but quite fun."
76561198185311946,Recommended,280160,26489982,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LinkTheRouge,iz gud
,Recommended,280160,26529675,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SpecOpSniper,"Excellent excellent game, the art style is amazing on higher qualities and the gameplay is fluid. This is not going to be Tenchu Z, nor a Splinter Cell. There is only the silent killer as you get one-shot by all enemies, and it is heavily relient on powers. Final item is the coop, bring a friend because the community is very small and not very active anymore but the single player experience is absolutely worth it and you will want to play through the game twice to get all of the achievements.7/10 critical score, minus points for lack of a good coop finder, no real ""run and gun"" option unless you complete the game and full upgrade, and the lack of difficulty through most of the game (there is only 1 difficulty and it is kinda meh if you are a seasoned assassin player)."
,Recommended,280160,26522918,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Banshee,"Aragami is a very well made stealth game, it revolves around you, being a spirit summoned by a goddess who has tasked you with helping you escape her prison. The graphics are simple yet very stunning to look at, it some a nice challenge to it, yet it isn't too hard, and if it's too easy for you, there are objectives that you can attempt, like a no kill run. This game is well worth the $20, it will give you about 2-3 hours of fun. If you're a speed runner this is also a fairly good game to give a go."
,Recommended,280160,26579331,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Atari®,One my favorite purchases!!!! Simple controls with a helluva lot of fun! On my second run right now!
76561198007339193,Recommended,280160,26590496,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mana_Grey,Great game.Like the art styleLike the gameplayLike being a shadow ninjaLike the storyLike that it's resembles TenchuDislike the low play valueFun game but it has too little to be worth $19.99 unless you reallly like the game and want to suppor the devolopers.
76561197999693078,Recommended,280160,26588672,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tassadar,"Great for people who like Tenchu's gameplay but wanted a story that didn't feel jilted and weirdly occurring in another game entirely. The movement is largely satisfying, the levels progress in difficulty nicely barring one exception, and at least on the first playthrough it does feel like you're increasing in power as you go from level to level and open up options. It teaches you how to play with the base mechanics at exactly the rate it should, nothing feels too rushed, and even though the powers you pick out aren't tutorialed well they're all fairly easy to understand with use. They could probably have afforded to have a few more checkpoints to avoid frustration, but it only really becomes an issue in one level. Looks nice for a unity project, the art style really helps it, but there is an issue with clipping on the character model that affects gameplay eventually. The soundtrack is pretty good, no tracks are obnoxious and some of them are really good and atmospheric.Overall it's not perfect, but it is pretty good. I'd recommend it.Pros:-Fairly satisfying and challenging stealth gameplay. Scouting and planning are naturally encouraged.-Neat powers that let you choose how to deal with enemies, multiple viable playstyles encouraged.-Levels are varied enough to keep things from feeling too samey, even if you're basically sneaking through countryside, towns and fortresses in all of them.-Appealing aesthetic.-Long for a modern action-type game.-Really good boss themes and otherwise palatable soundtrack.-The story is actually pretty good.-Stealth gameplay where the enemies don't feel either entirely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or like they're clairvoyant, at least for the most part.Cons:-Unity collision detection.-Spread out check points can sometimes cause frustration.-At the end of the day, stealth gameplay is stealth gameplay. You're going to largely be doing the same thing from level to level, even if the environments and enemy placement change the method a little bit.-The second boss fight is one of the worst pieces of gameplay that I have ever experienced.-Sometimes feels like there is a ""right way"" to go about completing certain challenges.-A lot of the time, screwing up even once leads to a reload."
76561198128253851,Recommended,280160,26468629,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Strifean,"Just beat Aragami with a friend, had a blast! If you played Tenchu youll love this one.Art style is really nice. Gameplay is really fun. I did experience a few glitches here and there, but over all awesome game!"
76561198069943463,Recommended,280160,26569272,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bennyester,"Wow, where do I start? I love this game.After playing through ""Dishonored"" and getting stuck on a brutal mission in ""Metal Gear Solid V"", I needed a new stealth game. And then the magic happened: I visited the shop tho look for stealth games when the first recommended game that popped up was ""Aragami"". I decided to buy it without doing much research, because I had seen it before on some ""top 10 games coming out in 2015/2016"" video on youtube.And boy do I NOT regret it.You play as the ""Aragami"", a spirit summoned by a woman in need of help. She has been captured, and is beeing hold hostage, so you sneak and stab your way through all the levels to save her. That is all I'll tell you about the story.The Gameplay is simple. Keyword beeing ""simple"", most people mistake ""simple"" for ""easy"". The first thing you will notice is, that the controlls and stealth mechanics are.... simple. You can walk and run for fast movements, and crouch for silence and cover. You are hard to see in the shadows, a little easier to spot in areas light up by the moonlight, and very easy to see on bright lit surfaces, like... next to a torch or a campfire. You unlock abilitys which will spice this up.A big + in my book, is the co-op. Stealth games that allow co-op are rather rare. Tho the playerbase is pretty much non existant, or everyone play's private matches/singleplayer, so don't expect to be able to join some random game whenever you feel like. I've been playing with a friend who decided to quit midway because his computer can't run the game well on later levels, after that I got lucky once and actually found a random player. Both experiences where realy fun and satesfieing.TL DR:It's simple, it's fun, it has co-op. I highly recommend this indie game gem."
,Recommended,280160,26555986,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Devildog827,"This game is absolutely stunning! I have spent hours playing this game, the amount of fun you have just with the abilities, are outstanding. I would not only recommend it, but URGE you to buy it. This games deserves any and all support. I cannot say enough how worth while it has been."
,Recommended,280160,26505706,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,izweyrohn,"Aragami is pretty much a stealth only game, since once you have been seen, it is hard (but not completely impossible) to complete the area you are in. Enemies that have seen you will alert others making it harder to surprise them. But that kinda makes it appealing, since it is that stealth the game is all about. There is no HUD, all the meters are on the character, which sometimes makes for not such great visibility of them, but most of the time it just helps the whole experience.There are a few bugs in multiplayer (like loosing connection and having to start the chapter over again), but nonetheless multiplayer is where the fun really begins. And nothing compares to the feeling of your first simulkill, supressing the urge to high-five your partner in crime. The levels are spacious enough to loose your comrade out of sight, with a little icon helping to regroup if needed. There is plenty of things to do for two players in the maps, and plenty of enemies to be avoided or executed.The two play-styles, peaceful and murderous, both exist, with peaceful often being the easier route (and also the faster). In my opinion though, killing all enemies is way more fun, and thankfully - to this date - the game does not punish you for doing so. The story is nothing really spectacular or new, but dramatic and fetching nonetheless.To put it in a nutshell, Aragami is what is to be expected at the price, and more. There are some bugs, especially in multiplayer and the HUD sometimes not being clearly visible due to the fact that it is on the clothing of the main character, and some features like collapsing platforms, that only work in singleplayer, but it is Indie, and judging by the changelogs, always improved on. I definitely recommend buying it, cause it is a heck of a lot of fun, and I recommend playing it with a friend."
76561198184790809,Recommended,280160,26503926,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SHHHWIFTY,"Good game for a good price, story is short but it's just the way I like it, Fast and good"
,Recommended,280160,26511928,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SpookyBoot,I Enjoyed Aragami. It is a very solid game with a fun mechanic. However i have discovered a few AI Glitches that made some areas harder to traverse than it should. but it wasn't gamebreaking.The Story seemed choppy in places but was still good Especially coming onto the end but i won't spoil it.All in All I do recomend Aragami.Enjoy.~The Boot
76561198341849869,Recommended,280160,26511983,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,daniellopez1406,Why wont it let me click on story? For Steam
,Recommended,280160,25976996,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Seventy-Three David,"I originally saw this game in the Unity trailer (first time seeing it ever). I saw this red ninja slicing into a guy and then turning black in the shadows and blinking. I thought, ""Damn this game looks like it could be a nice little spiritual successor to Tenchu. The stealth mechanics are great and you have to think on your feet. If you get found by the bad guys, you're dead if you can't do the previous. Overall, a solid game with good stealth mechanics, a brilliant art style, a majestic, Japanese soundtrack, great ability progression to evolve the character's gadgets and a compelling story that makes you want to learn more about the universe. The story is told sometimes in real time and others through stills that are brilliantly drawn. It's a fantastic adventure that I've been loving for the hour and a half that I've been playing it. Personally, for me the biggest + is the soundtrack so if you like music then this game will be great to play in unison with a FANTASTIC score.TL:DRGreat ninja stealth game with little to dislike as the game forces you to use stealth or else you are punished severely. Do not pick up this game thinking there are two options (kill everything and sprint around like Itachi Uchiha slaughtering--- whoops spoilers for that show vs. sneak around like a stealthy ninja). Solid game made by passionate people."
76561197979774194,Recommended,280160,26458896,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,McSlappy,"An excellent stealth game at a great price point.  It made me nostalgic for old school Tenchu.The shadow magic gives a great flow to the game.  The depth of the mechanics and gameplay really unfolds as the game progresses, overcoming an initial shallow feel.In enjoyed the artwork (seems more like art than graphics) and found it fits the game well.  The story teases a particular ending but keeps drawing you towards it.Aragami is a game that requires some patience and focus.  Its my go-to game for relaxing between frantic FPS and MMOs."
76561198170813761,Recommended,280160,26475596,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Premium Saltine Cracker,I really love this game let me first start of with I love the plot (Spoiler alert)how Arigami is a reacarnated light warior turned in to a Shadow demon I love the end when you realize that all those visions were of you past and now you have to kill the one who gave you life. also the gameplay is great and I love the graphics and I love how I am the master of shadows and the soul harvester I also like how you can play as a killer/demon or and ninga/ghost I love this game over all and it keeps a nice spot in my heart thank you for this game I love it and I would recomend this to everybody Its great.
,Recommended,280160,26480232,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chibi Phoenix,"Very fun stealth game!Definitly worth the money, tho there are some minor bugs here and there (had some guards see me and my friend through ceilings o_O) and when they are all angry they tend to just find your partner even though he wasn't seen, which is a little odd.Despite those things we definitly had a blast playing it!"
76561197962169447,Recommended,280160,26541246,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ziggy,Loved this game from beginning to end..Hope to see more like this from Lince Works
,Recommended,280160,25893044,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Red Mundus,"First review. Bought it on a whim as I was looking for a decent stealth game and was really surprised how fun this was. The shadow teleportation mechanic is very similar to the blink mechanic from Dishonoured so if that type of stealth mobility appealed to you then this will win you over. Levels are a little sparse looking but otherwise function well and and are well designed. Lots of moments in later levels where I would stumble upon a different route to my objective and spot multiple points of entry. No quicksave, checkpoints only but I never really ran into a situation where I was constantly restarting over and over because of difficulty. Dying just made me re-evaluate the situation and usually come up with creative ways to overcome challenges. Checkpoints are pretty forgiving and I usually never lost a lot of progress dying. As with most stealth games patience will be a virtue. One thing to note is that there is no combat, only stealth kills. I love this type of stealth but some may be put off depending on preferences. Getting caught is almost a death sentence until you get more accustomed to the controls and unlock abilities to help you get out of a jam.Only real negatives are that the performace and framerate is uneven. A few places cause low framerate dips which is rather annoying. Also the upgrade system is a little odd. Some upgrades are wildly useful while some feel like they should've been given from the start. Overall I'd say it's worth $20. I've read on the forums that the game can be a bit buggy a well but never ran into any issues myself. YMMV on that one."
76561197996450743,Recommended,280160,25893125,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Vailalex,Great stealth game. Love the Shadow gameplay!
,Recommended,280160,25892414,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Brandon Heat,First Hour In-Game Thought It Would Be Repetitive Then I Saw The Skill Menu LOVE IT
76561197961802237,Recommended,280160,25949830,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MrMeow,"Nice graphics, Fun game and a good story to boot.Got 6hrs out of £13 which isn't bad in my books and that without finding all the scrolls."
,Recommended,280160,25867144,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,ForgetTheBrak.es - Fonserbc,"It happily surprised me how difficult this game can actually be.Don't let the cool kill animations fool you into thinking this game is about killing.If you get seen, you are screwed badly.I really like the progression so far, you get to unlock new skills as you progress through the game thoroughly. Later levels can be very VERY difficult without any skills, yet almost all of these skills are unlocked through optional secret pickups, so theorically you could try to beat the game without skilling anything ha. I'd like to see that"
,Recommended,280160,25896906,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pratusion,"Great fun ninja game, you can go full stealth or full kill everyone on the map and everything in between.  There is a nice level up system in there as well, you have a goal and how you get to it are entirely up to you.* If your game crashes randomly just take it off fullscreen mode *That was the only issue I had was a random crash while playing, happened 3 times in 47 minutes and for the remaining 2 hours I've played NOT in fullscreen I have had no issues at all.  Very fun!"
76561197988304909,Recommended,280160,25897418,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,$un$et_157,good stealth game
,Recommended,280160,25928063,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Molly House,Tenchu in hardcore mode for a new generation. LOVE IT
,Recommended,280160,25928659,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Swaptrick,"I have been a hardcore fan of Tenchu and similar games since the original game launched on PS1 in 1998. Even with Tenchu's gradual decline in quality and failure to adapt to modern times, I have always held out hope that the series would resurface in a meaningful way. Sadly, I am still waiting for that as I'm sure many fans are.Then I find out about Aragami about 8 months ago. The more I saw of it, the more I noticed it seemed to play like a true stealth ninja game. Having played it now I can truely say this is a solid spiritual successor to Tenchu. It has a very interesting spiritual element, whereas your character is the spirit of a ninja, not a living person. This opens up many spiritual powers, jumping instantly between shadows etc, and is a good story telling mechanic as well.The gameplay is deceptivly simple at first, but gradually you gain new powers and unlocks. Useful tools like allowing you to see enemies though walls, see their line of sight etc. Shadow shuriken, dessovling dead bodies with shadow magic so they will not trigger an alarm when discovered. That being said, I have yet to feel ""overpowered"" because the enemies pose a genuine threat. Once alerted, foot soldiers will sound a horn and alert all other enemies on the map who will do a faily thorough search for you. If they find you, it's over. These are not thugs that only pose a threat when they gang up on you. A single enemy soldier can kill you instantly, so you are contactly on your toes and avoiding being seen. The enemies pose a more significant threat moreso that MGS, or even the Tenchu series itself.That being said, much like any other games with higher difficulty, pulling off a good run or streak of stealth kills without being found is much more rewarding that simply running through baddies like they're nothing.TL:DR - If you like Tenchu or stealth games of that priciple, buy this game. It's a $50 or $60 value of game for $20."
76561197995215274,Recommended,280160,25928744,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LS,"The game feels very mark of the ninja-like, which for me, is a great complement to any stealth game. I loved the visuals, even on a weaker system. The enviroments really pop. The story feels a little cliche, but I've yet to grab all the power-up/colletables/lore trinkets scattered around.Pros:The character design feels great. I really like Arigami's characters and models in generalThe cursor being context sensitive to whether a location is shadowed, lit, or brightly lit is a great, but undocumented feature.the levels have well hidden alternate routes that often sneak past some enemy checkpoints. It feels like a lot of thought went into level design.Controls felt sufficiently tight for a stealth game. Arigami doesn't appear to be wearing roller skates like some stealth games seem to want you to.The lore peices paint an interesting world, and is well written.In some places the enemy AI is rather intelligent: If you use shadow creation in their line of sight for example, they go on alert.Cons:The base story isn't anything that will be a revelationThere is no draw distance in the graphics, which made some levels artificially more difficult as guards noticed me before they were drawn onscreen. Similarily, the Shadow distance slider appears to not work right, as shadows flicker occaisionally, making targeting them more difficult.The all quiet/all dead/pacifist medals don't seem to be worth anything.The game expects that you won't read the lore you get, and spoils part of the plot much earlier than it should(read: Third level should not be telling me plot twists)The game is extremely easy to score S rankings in, and it's awards appear to do nothing."
76561198013716697,Recommended,280160,25929506,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,anti-fox,"This game is nothing like Dishonored, but it is like Tenchu, and the AI is similar to Metal Gear Solid's. Tenchu of course has more items, more abilities, etc., and in Aragami, you have to use stealth. If you try to attack an enemy head on while he's alerted, he will parry and kill you. You can alert someone and still get away, but if you take one hit, you'll die and reload at the checkpoint. Once you unlock the ability to make corpses disappear, the game gets easier, because if an enemy sees a corpse, he will investigate, then blow a horn to alert all enemies. The game doesn't end if you get discovered, but you don't get the bonus points for remaining undetected. You'll eventually unlock abilities which you can only use twice in a chapter, and you will be able to see how many uses to have. When you select the skill in the wheel, you will see 0-2 icons lit up on the cape. You can restore one use by either finding a shrine or unlocking the shadow kill, which summons a dragon to either smother the enemy or do a sort of Liu Kang dragon bite (both animations make the corpse disappear automatically and although the bite leaves blood behind, enemies don't notice it), but you must have whatever skill you want to restore selected, otherwise you won't do anything but kill and hide a corpse. Eg. if you use up both traps, select another skill in the wheel, then shadow kill someone, you won't restore a trap use. You will need trap selected for a shadow kill to restore one use.tl;dr, this is not Dishonored. It is Tenchu with MGS-like AI and the only time you use your sword is for a scripted stealth kill."
76561198061212247,Recommended,280160,25926301,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,トム,"You play as a shadow ninja killing machine, need I say more, well I will anywayIt's a great game with a suprisingly good story and the game actually focuses on stealth.and if you can spare the extra couple of ££ the soundtrack and artbook are pretty good aswell"
76561198127664568,Recommended,280160,26370054,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gREYwalker,"excellent medieval assassin type game,,worth spending."
,Recommended,280160,26362901,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Yocasma,"After a friend recommended this game to me I thought, ""Oh hey, something to help calm the nerves.""Nothing of that sort happened, but found my self glued to the screen for hours on a single level to get that one ""Kill all the enemies"" medal while still going undetected.The only problem was some small framerate issues on the larger areas, nothing that became unplayable.Patienceis needed to play this game to the fullest.-Or just be me and die 500 times trying to get it finished fast and intenseThis is where people start getting frusterated."
,Recommended,280160,26379966,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,KeiwaM ラスマス,"So I have not played this much, however I feel like I've played enough to get a good feeling of the game.An overall great game with simple graphics, but still very pretty looking. This game is probably one of the greater stealth based games. The ability to hide in shadows and get spotted in light is amazing. Overall, this game is great and I highly recommend trying it. It requires patience (Which I got none of) and being unpatient often leads to you dying.Although there is a few things I'd like to mention. Minor things that doesn't affect the game, but affects my mental health.1. The sound when you die. The sound from the lightwave that hits you makes you go deaf. You would think this is under the normal sound options but no. No sound option covers this sound. This is annoying as hell cause I don't want my ears blown out.2. Checkpoooooooints... Getting killed in the last second of a 15 minutes long mission? Noo... I Hate that. At least give me the possibility to save manually? But no. Checkpoints that only come every 15 to 20 minutes... This mixed with the lightwave and the ♥♥♥♥ing sniperarchers that oneshots you, can make this very annoying.As I said, these are minor details. I Still enjoy the game with these."
76561197980885826,Recommended,280160,26378927,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,entdecke den spiesser in dir,Just lovely!perfect couch game for a little ninja-stealth-kill'em-all-action.Fancy artstyle and nice ambient music on top.Totally worth the money and one of my latest Linux jewels
76561197971400277,Recommended,280160,25977133,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shadow81,Like Tenchu and Dishonored?This is their love child.This game is everything I loved about both.
,Recommended,280160,25977225,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Fiftytoo,Great game for anyone that enjoys sneaking around and summoning shadow snakes to eat people.
,Recommended,280160,25977276,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,LIL PUMP あへがお,"Unique stealth game that doesn't overload you with mechanics you'll never use. Music is nice, and the VO distortion is a really cool effect."
76561198049434866,Recommended,280160,25977505,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Saruwatari,The game is simply a great stealth game.  I have only played about 2 hours of it but it is filling my need for stealth.  The game atmosphere is great and it has a beautiful hud system similar to Dead Space where all the information about the game is displayed on the character.
,Recommended,280160,25981814,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Autism,"I love this game having followed it from it's failings on kickstarter (briefly forgetting about it for a month) and constantly mispelling the name whenever i told anyone about it i thourghally love this game, the combat is perfect the sneeky shadow skills are amazing and the difficulty to get the medals and achievements is spot on i had to replay the levels multiple times to kill everyone and never be detected, and with 1 hit death's too it's a hard game dressed in easy clothingi only have 1 gripe with the entire game and the pacing feels off, but that could be because i replay each level till i get the medals XD"
,Recommended,280160,25980376,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Aviark,"A very well designed game, the stealth is fun but difficult, if you liked Mark of the Ninja You'll probably like this too."
,Recommended,280160,25977574,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Syroop,Challenging and fun.  Would reccomend picking it up.  Even better is the multiplayer option.
,Recommended,280160,25965831,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Damplel,"This game is so much fun but for the love of god fix the Hikaru boss fight, i simply could not finish it because the game would not let me, every time i would get the first hit fine but whenever i would go for the 2nd one the game simply didnt give me the option making it impossible to beat"
76561198061199291,Recommended,280160,25960893,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sen...,10/10 Gameplay3/10 Story
,Recommended,280160,25961282,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,JDog1HU,"Just Bought The Game, I highly recommmended, I  Started it up and the title screen is just Beautiful!! The art style and unique Charaters! The way eveything is designed it seems to remind me a little like Borderlands (also an amazing game) This game seems to be getting updates to fix bugs and glitches, but it shouldn't effect your experience with the game! If You are a person who loves strategy games mixed with an Assassin's Creed feeling along with my personal favorite Contrast this the game for you! Action waiting just around every corner or shadow!"
,Recommended,280160,25962031,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,djreiss,"Exactly as others have said: Tenchu but a bit modernized. There's some cheese you can do early on but it's really fun so I will never complain :D11/10, will play eternally"
76561198168796594,Recommended,280160,25964007,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,NecroDancer,"as someone who normally doesnt buy indie games, this game is a breath pf fresh air, after the initial tutorial level this games doesnt hold you hand much at all, multiple ways of playing through each level, kill everything or dont congrats to the creator on such a good job imo."
76561197973760707,Recommended,280160,25876693,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Captain McAnus,Aragami is quite a good time. It is a traditional Stealth game that is reminiscant of the old Tenchu games with a splash of Mark of the Ninja.
,Recommended,280160,26009622,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dolwhale,"Good game, good price"
76561198119668436,Recommended,280160,26003598,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mdharia,Just beat the game.....IT is worth 20 dollars Flat out.  This game is a contender for stealth game of the year and rivals in production like Banner Saga 2.  Truly phenomonal in all aspects of the word.
76561198083694664,Recommended,280160,25999188,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TehFrostyGuy,"Alrighty ima re write this review before I start (again :s) Id like you to know I do reccomend this game and its a very solid and fun game.Now ima start w the cons then the goods for those who are considering buying (dont worry its not so bad)#1: GLITCHES! the thing everygame has... honestly its just a few animation bugs but nothing serious#2: Animation if your a nerd like me you can sometimes see the animation being a bit off in terms of fluencey but thats about it.#3: Performance. This one is weird on my gtx 1080 it with vsync goes from 55 - 60 sometimes but its mostly stable although I cant say the same for other devices.Now the good stuff :D1# The whole game is revolved around stealth which means you can say ""Finally a steath game that punished people for being a COD fanboy""2# Amazing style if you love the cell shaded japanese style your gonna like this game.3# Addicting and thoughfull gameplay meaning i your gonna make a risky move it may hurt you badly(by which I mean your score and probably kill ya)4# Good music.(not really a music guy I just know its nice)5# Almost all abilities you unlock actually help and are something different in ways you can approach a issue. Very little ""gain 20% more xp"" here.6# Its a stealth game meaning you being a sneaky beaver is good and you have the advantageif your not you will get punished in the form of getting insta killed and replaying off of your last checkpoint and a reduction of your score.7# It has a narrative with some effort put into it, Well.. it is a varient of the vengence theme but has a spin since our character is more concerned of himself rather then the vast events he is helping onfold around him.So over all I think its a great game definetly worth a purchase and a MUST buy on a steam sale"
,Recommended,280160,25957383,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,espillaner,"Very challenging and fun game, definitely worth getting!"
,Recommended,280160,26020712,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Patton_Pending,"The negative:-Sometimes there are minor graphics clitches.-Kill animations can be a little long, but that's part of the stealth genre i guess. Making sure you time it so that you don't get busted during a kill.-A few places where you can find yourself outside the map in an unfinished area or fall through the world.-Later levels could use a few more checkpoints, or not have enemies respawn at the beginning of a level if you die at a later checkpoint(maybe this is just a bug, but escaping from the lake level after getting the objective was a total pain.)The positive:+This game took me back to the days of Tenchu: Stealth Assassins.+Looks good, Plays good.+Co-op play.  There's no pvp or anything, and the co-op is so far just having someone else on story missions with you, but it works and it's fun as hell.+Sneaking around and killing bad guys is fun and satisfying.  The kill animations are cool.This game is worth the price. I got it on sale for... $17?(don't remember exactly) But it's worth the $20 full price either way."
,Recommended,280160,25905067,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BlackMtnTotem,Like a mix between Dishonored and Tenchu.  It's good.
,Recommended,280160,26044804,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LAYZERK,"The Best Game i've ever had , this game is really ♥♥♥♥in awesome just dont think and buy ... thats all"
76561198217212975,Recommended,280160,26051686,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bpslicer,This is a great game. The story is good and the gameplay seems to be different from a lot of other games out there right now. The soundtrack fits the game perfectly. What more could you ask for from a game? I hope there will be more games like this.
76561198127727767,Recommended,280160,26042441,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SVxAnnihilation,"it's a fun game with beutifull graphics and decent multiplayer. The one thing that i wish was part of the game would be a versus mode, we can play co-operatively with a friend but just imagine playing as the ninja and your friend as one of the guards in the level working to find and kill you before you complete your goals for the mission. That being said the Aragami is worth the $20 price tag."
76561198032252806,Recommended,280160,26044096,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Fallensteel,"I really enjoyed this game, I don't usually comment on most games but I think this one deserves it. If you are interested in ninja style games that play a great deal into stealth and don't forgive you for getting caught I would choose this game.It took me any my friend 9 hours to beat this game, but I would never regret spending the money that I did. The co-op is amazing and really adds to the stealth play, skills early on become an essential for both members to go down different routes to make the team more balanced to different situations.Only 2 glitches we came across the entire game were, being spotted once through a wall, and everytime you close the game through the main menu it would crash :PIf there was ever a game with the same mechanics as this I would buy it in a heartbeat.10/10 - Short game, but the content left me satisfied."
76561198065308846,Recommended,280160,26044153,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Prometh3rus,"I generally don't write reviews for games, but I felt like this one deserved some genuine praise.  It isn't perfect by any means, but I have enjoyed every moment of the game, frustration and all and want to give my sincere appreciation to the developers.  Haven't given co-op multiplayer a try yet, but the fact they put it in at all is pretty awesome in my book.It has a great visual style, though optimization might be lacking a bit as it drops frames on my PC which is a custom built, higher-end gamine rig.  The music and audio are fantastic.  I didn't buy the soundtrack, but I honestly might.  Voice over is mostly short sound bites made to sound like ghostly Japanese as queues for who is talking.  The story is conveyed largely through text bubbles and short animated flashbacks.  This didn't bother me, but at times characters were 'talking' during gameplay with text on the lower portion of the screen, trying to murder fools while story elements are being conveyed was distracting (this is rarely an issue though).As you play, you unlock abilites that make the game easier as you find scrolls that give you skill points.  This gives the game a relatively compelling feeling of progression as the tools in your arsenal expand to make dispatching foes easier and more satisfying.  Level design is varied and generally really good as there typically several ways to approach each one.  End of mission stats and rank are rewarded based on kills, if you set off alarms, enemy bodies found, collectibles, etc.  For those pacifists out there, it would seem there is an option to play pure stealth and try to avoid leaving a trail of carnage in your wake.  Not really my style but if there's an achievement for it, I'll go back.  :)If you played any of the Tenchu games on Playstation or Xbox back in the day, this game is very much in the same vein as those titles.  If you enjoyed those titles, then I can easily recommend giving this game a shot.  If you enjoy stealth games in general, then this is kind of a no-brainer.  This is a great indie game, and I couldn't be happier to have it in my library!"
,Recommended,280160,26048134,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MrTinRobot,"I'm a few missions into Aragami, and I'm enjoying it a lot. Solid recommendation to those who love stealth games :D"
76561197977749462,Recommended,280160,26048983,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lam350cks,I'd complain if it were a 60 dollar game because it crashes from time to time. But it's enjoyable enough for a 20 dollar game that I'm actually willing to overlook the crashes because I think it is of such good quality for an 'indie' 20 dollar game.Seems memory-leaky... the game gets 'tired' so to speak. Hopefully they will fix this in a future release. Luckily the replay value per level is high enough that I actually don't mind the game crashing occasionally and having to play through a level again.Missed these types of games and glad I bought this one.Even if it's not on sale I think it's worth it. But if it's on sale then I'd definintely urge you to grab it  (especially if you are/were a tenchu fan).
76561198162775133,Recommended,280160,26050491,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,็,"Good but a bit too tough, still good game. i thought you could use powers as much as you want, but sadly you need to be black to recharge. Still good idea, there should be more games like this"
,Recommended,280160,25968219,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,lozlz,"Support this game so this indie team will create more stealth game in the future!The only down side is this "" No Kills"" bullshjt. With stealth and shadow leap, you basicly teleport through the map with ease , while spending hours to kill all enemies only reward the same score."
76561198121065681,Recommended,280160,26077919,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Genital Thunderstorm,"After spending roughly 10 hours finishing the game, I only have two major complaints: animation bugs and a lack of players in co-op. Everything else about this game is great! Amazing art style, interesting mechanics, and cool powers to kill your enemies with, but during cutscenes I would notice small things that most people wouldn't care about such as body parts phasing through solid surfaces. If the developer would fix this the game itself would be perfect. What the developer can't fix is the lack of people playing co-op mode. I find myself coming back to this game in hopes that I can find someone to play with. But every time I hit 'join' there is a severe lack of players hosting games. I wish more people would play co-op because I believe that it makes the game more fun. The few times I did find a companion I really enjoyed it and it made me realize that I should have played it like that from the start. Other than these two things I have no complaints."
76561198077134316,Recommended,280160,26090392,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mr Snow,https://youtu.be/d5NojoiWxeMIt gets very repetitive after the halfway point but overall I'd still say it's a pretty good purchase.
,Recommended,280160,26090696,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,jaedaen,"A low budget version of Tenchu, where the protagonist picks up the blink spell from Dishonored, with a dab of Mark of the Ninja in regards to skill progression. I like the fact that this is pure stealth gameplay, there is no going to a 'fight' mode once you've been discovered. There should be more stealth games that do this. I really like the fact that you have to hop from shadow to shadow. For some reason, it reminds me of the 'don't step on the lava floor' game everyone plays as a kid.This game was mostly fun. There were some very annoying aspects that filled me with a lot of rage though. Getting the blink spell to appear exactly where you want it is an exercise in extreme frustration a good portion of the time. Usually, this was not a huge deal, but this made boss battles difficult in a cheap way, I didn't feel as though my skill was lacking so much as I couldn't get the goddamn cursor to register in the exact spot I wanted to warp to in time for me to not die. Also, later you have lightning that randomly drains a portion of your shadow power, which I couldn't stand. Maybe these issues are less of a problem to your younger and less crotchety gamer.The default control scheme for the mouse and keyboard is abysmal, and it's as if it wasn't even fully tested using this mode (why is the stealth kill button spacebar instead of left mouse? Completely counter-intuitive), so it will likely require some modification. In a related matter, my pinky was constantly tired, as I was holding down control with it for 99% of the game. I really wish the developer had made sneak the default mode of walking; it's a STEALTH game, after all.Oh, and why does the Esc button do absolutely nothing? This is inexcusable. I'm sure I'm missing some menu I never learned how to get to, but to quit the game, I would just alt+tab out of it and then kill the process. During the second boss battle (which was very annoying to me), this caused me to have to jump back 2 or 3 checkpoints when I started it back up again. That was the last straw. I was done with it at that point. I didn't finish it, but I got pretty close. Still, I don't have time for this kind of frustration. Admittedly, I probably suck more than most of you kids out there, so if you're a 12-15yo with nothing but time on your hands, this likely won't be a problem for you.As rough as this game is when it comes to control, it's still worth recommending, I think. I got 20 bucks worth of entertainment out of it, since I played it for about 9 hours. Still, if I could actually fully control the game to the level which should be expected, this would truly be a great game."
76561198053970217,Recommended,280160,25976316,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Grubba,"If you like stealth and beautiful graphics, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,280160,25971980,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Gr8gam3r,"I really enjoyed Aragami. The art style is fantastic and the stealth can be satisfying and rewarding. It's just as fun to go through and kill everyone as it is to slip by unnoticed. The ""easiest"" strategy varies between the levels as well, unlike in games like Dishonored, where killing everything makes you feel like you are setting yourself up for a struggle later. I met the developers at EGX Birmingham, and they were very passionate when demoing their game, and it shows in the quality of the game itself."
,Recommended,280160,27787448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[B.O.T.B]Ausdragon,"Amazing! Thats all you need to know, but if you want more.Great art style.Great skill and unlockablesNot just one way of killing your enemies there are so many options to take.Who doesnt want ot be a ninja?"
76561198328444383,Recommended,280160,27892607,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,puremex,"great game, it runs so smothly and it has great graphics and very addicting"
,Recommended,280160,27698572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Guymestef,"Really nice stealth game, but almost impossible to play it with a gamepad. Mouse + keyboard is required to be able to move from shadow to shadow easily and quickly."
,Recommended,280160,30946780,Posted: 4 April,all,flipsyde,"I am halfway through the game and must say its plenty of fun to play with a friend constantly communicating and plotting enemy takedowns. The fact that all enemies can one hit KO you forces you to play as the shadow (unlike certain assassin games I know). It's brutal but not frustratingly difficult. If you like stealth co-op, this is a must play."
76561198078550099,Recommended,280160,30949663,Posted: 4 April,all,ColdSwedishViking,"An atmospherical game with a very appealing art style.  There are so many things I enjoyed with Aragami,. The gameplay, the amazing soundtracks, the voice acting and story. Since your enemies will kill you with one hit, you really need to play from the shadows and plan ahead, instead of just going Rambo style fighting off 10 guys at once. It's an extremely well made stealth game that I can't recommend enough to people.The game gives you a unique experience and once you finish the game you only want more. Which is where the steam workshop comes in, where you can download custom made missions or create your own."
,Recommended,280160,27438697,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Commander Mc Swagganoodle,One of the best recent Stealth games imo. I like it!
,Recommended,280160,27452348,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Spoffish,"Decent stealth game. Not a revolution, but certainly not a failure.Shadow walking is kind of cool new mechanic, I think it worked.But holding down ctrl key for crouching for too long will make your pinky ache like a mf..."
76561198023289143,Recommended,280160,30942141,Posted: 4 April,all,Sergie,One of best stealth games!
,Recommended,280160,25983207,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nemmen,"I remember playing the demo a really long time ago and I absolutely loved it. When I saw the game it reminded me a lot of the old demo and then it struck me. It's that game! I absolutely love stealth games but many aren't that good. This one is really good. Though it has its flaws of course. The game doesn't reward you for killing without being stealthy but, you are fast enough to in most cases run up to an enemy without them even noticing and kill them. I tried going stealthily first and it worked so I tried rushing through levels and that also worked. Though you can get abilities like being invisible and seeing enemies through walls, which made it really easy, but stil having it's difficulties. But the fact that you even can do it is kinda bad. Overall, great game, but too easy to rush it."
,Recommended,280160,28257996,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DuskinCharm,"I'm playing the game so far focusing on stealth and I've been able to get through the first 4 chapters without killing anyone, and honestly it's a really fun, challenging stealth game with more than 1 way to do literally everything.The only problem I have with it so far is that there's a bit of input lag and I'm not 100% sure how to fix it, so sometimes I'd get caught because I couldn't predict when my mouse would move so I'd be too fast or too slow.Other than that, it's a great game."
,Recommended,280160,28257008,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,lul,So far I am really enjoying the game. No problems at all.
,Recommended,280160,28351170,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineAragami is a game developed and published by Lince Works, they originally created a student project called Path of Shadows. This game is very good in my opinion and the art style makes me think about Thatgamecompany's JourneyIt is very satisfying to kill people. Aragami has some great artstyle and very fitting with the environment. The game also offers co-op but it don't have any friends to try it out. There are a variation of skills which are all pretty usefulThe story is okay in my opinion but nothing to write home about and the choice to kill no one or everyone is quite cool which offers a different style of playing and I'm sure you'll have a great time with friends with co-op!However, Aragami is very short with me finishing the story in under five hours but you can of course play again untill you have everything on S rank with all the collectibles found and the game can get repetitive for someThe AI are totally stupid but sometimes they can surprise you but they are incredibly unpredictable and there are limited game modes which thankfully they are planning to change this in an upcoming updateOverall, I had a good time playing Aragami, it had me enjoying the game and I hope they add some content in future updates. Aragami has so much potential with a good story and a great plot twist. I will whole heartedly recommend it to every player who likes stealth games such as Dishonered and ThiefRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198017126502,Recommended,280160,28423119,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,standaloneworld,"It's one of those indie games that makes you remember an old classic. But like any good game it has its own gameplay twists. Kind of. Its like Tenchu and Dishonored lite. Still, if you're looking for a ninja stealth game, this title is perfect."
,Recommended,280160,28430346,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,TuoPPi,gits too hard
76561197987527539,Recommended,280160,26727513,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Indrigis,"Due to creative budget constraints, the Aragami School of Game Mechanics is only offering two courses this fall:* Stealth Game Design 101. With a subspecialization in making bosses that track the player through obstacles.* Proper moderation in game length.Aragami is good by virtue of not being long enough to bore the player. It has stealth, it has various kill techniques and it follows in Tenchu's footsteps closely. It looks gorgeous too.There's not as much variety as in Mark of the Ninja, though (less verticality and no extra AI mechanics). And due to oneshotting enemies it occasionally devolves into a puzzle.Overall Aragami is just right for whoever wants purist stealth with minimal distractions. And there's co-op too."
76561198074520134,Recommended,280160,25927273,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lin Shu,"nice game, kill or be killed)"
76561198313779798,Recommended,280160,30919323,Posted: 3 April,all,Grimtruent,I have played and finished this game on my PS4 and have been brought back to it on Steam. I highly recommend this game for any gamers out there that enjoy a challenge and have to resolve to staying in the shadows
,Recommended,280160,30866063,Posted: 31 March,all,WhyBloodwingWhy,Beautiful little stealth game with great art and music. Only problem I've had is checkpoints are spaced too far apart.
,Recommended,280160,25938626,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bobibob,"The game is fun, suits for those who like stealth game. The game mechanic is simple enough to pick up on the first 10 mins of play. At this price point, the game is totally worth it."
,Recommended,280160,25955826,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Arch Bisshop,Every penny spent in this game is more than worth it. Best stealth game I played in years. Buy this game! Support the devs into delivering another gem like this!
76561198083777760,Recommended,280160,27106388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cookie Monster,"great game the artstyle is cool and the graphics are great too. The gameplay is also challenging but not too difficult. If you like stealth game, this one is going to be good."
,Recommended,280160,27400311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mordred,Very good game
76561198000413950,Recommended,280160,27419786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dralon,"I went in hoping for Tenchu and wasn't disappointed with what I found.  Yes, it is different, but it was a great ""yay I'm a ninja"" game.  I really enjoy stealth games and suggest it to anyone who does as well, especially if you can catch it during a sale."
,Recommended,280160,27534878,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xana Seven,Surprise find while looking for a co-op game. very enjoyable steathy ninja action with gorgeous music and pleasing art style.
,Recommended,280160,31211779,Posted: 17 April,all,TheWhiteTaco,"i love it. its a bit framey on my setup but im playing on a less expensive PC, so thats definitely a factor. the graphics are amazing and this is well designed"
,Recommended,280160,30346303,Posted: 5 March,all,winterxego,Great stealth game. Especially fun in co-op mode.
,Recommended,280160,30359767,Posted: 6 March,all,Dramidan,"A very fun & highly enjoyable stealth game. The game felt difficult for the most part, the story was good, and the game is a decent length. If you're a big fan of stealth games, I highly recommend Aragami. 8/10"
,Recommended,280160,31221608,Posted: 18 April,all,Udat,"This is a great game. It looks great. It plays well, and things move suprisingly fast for a stealth game thanks to being able to jump from shadow to shadow quickly. It works really well co-op. The only downside, it was finished too soon!"
76561197993207089,Recommended,280160,31214034,Posted: 18 April,all,Lost Question,"good stealth game, the deep shadows are your friends, keep a eye out for gaurds, ect cause everything can oneshot you has the standard 3 optionals of stealth games (no one killed,  no one alerted, and everyone killed)"
,Recommended,280160,31348500,Posted: 24 April,all,Artifex,"Really good game. Deep storyline. Interesting stealth gameplayCons:Sometimes the game lost connection with coop partner and forced me to redo the level. Also, sometimes the AI director got broken (randomly knew were we were even though we didn't actually move or get spotted), but hey, what stealth game never had this problem am I rite?"
,Recommended,280160,32778383,Posted: 25 June,all,/dev/urandom,"Very fun game that I couldn't put down until completion. I highly recommend giving it a try.Areas of improvement I would like to see:* Custom save points (there a few areas they are needed, would also be nice for in game achivement hunting)* A map of some kind* Objective list* Skin and shadow drain color sync (is always white / red even with other skins)"
,Recommended,280160,32707142,Posted: 23 June,all,Envixle,"I am absolutly in love with this game. I have always loved the Assassin's Creed series, but became a bit dissipointed when Unity and Syndacit. I steered away from the series but when I came across this game it gave me the same satisfaction I got from the original Assassins Creed game's. I highley recommend this game to anyone that enjoys stealthy games but also anyone who is looking for a game with and interesting and appealing story."
,Recommended,280160,32760526,Posted: 25 June,all,Vow,"The beautiful music and scenery gives a wonderful atmosphere, gameplay is fluid and very fun!"
76561197994448038,Recommended,280160,32772030,Posted: 25 June,all,batman087,"Great game with an engaging stealth style gameplay and a fantastic story!All around just a really good game, bought during the Steam Summer Sale for $9.99 without knowing much about it other than the good reviews; after playing through the game once I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of stealth style gameplay or of great storytelling. Would gladly pay for more of the game if they ever release DLC."
23534634723233233,Recommended,280160,32747747,Posted: 24 June,all,TikiTequila,"Just finished playing this game. There's about 10 hours of game play in single player story mode. A little more if you play hard mode for most players. It's quite a brilliant story that starts off as a typical save the girl while trying to figure out why you're there since you have no memories - you're a vengeful spirit, after all - that slowly morphed into something else entirely that, while seeing it coming a mile away, didn't take away from the enjoyment of the story itself that kept me playing for the first 8 hours straight after installing. I really enjoyed playing this game and the art style reminded me of a comic book brought to life and the music really adds to the environment. For the story buffs like myself - get the scrolls. Hunt them down! The story is revealed even further by doing  this which makes going back to play levels again worth it if you missed them the first time around.The controls are pretty easy to master, and the game offers some customization in the form of skill points and two-tier skill trees with both offensive and defensive skills as well as general ""vengeful spirit"" basics. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,280160,32838913,Posted: 26 June,all,CapnTorch,8/10Fun stealth game I picked up for on sale for $10. Textures would pop in and out often for me. The shadow mechanic is very cool. I would not recommend for full price. I would wait until at least $15
,Recommended,280160,32868608,Posted: 27 June,all,linkdow,A very good game of infiltration.
76561198093678695,Recommended,280160,32833439,Posted: 26 June,all,little_imp,"its fun to play, just buy it, its cheap"
76561198047377281,Recommended,280160,32842968,Posted: 26 June,all,Kirby,"One of the best co-op games ive played in the last 4 years, deffinitly worth the money. It's best when played with friends."
,Recommended,280160,32839252,Posted: 26 June,all,elementfx,"Great stealthy ninja game! The graphics are pretty, though not spectacular. I've enjoyed the soundtrack, but will not be purchasing it separately.My major gripe is the camera. It's horrible. It bounces around all the time when in tight spaces and that bouncing also dictates the crosshair position. You can change whether the view is over the left or right shoulder of the character, but that doesn't help any while in tight spaces as the view is dictated so heavily by the environment and the player's location. For example, when next to a corner or doorway the camera will automatically look over the shoulder closest the corner... and there's nothing you can do about it. That seems like it'd be fine, but in practice it's actually a pain. Sometimes the corner you're near will be a tombstone that you can actually see over, but because you're near the corner, you only have one view option. Corners aren't the only problem either, any object in the environment will collide with the camera and it can get annoying when it won't let you look in a direction you want. This frustation only gets me once or twice a level, so it's not all bad.Anyway... Still a great game. Lots of fun and there's some RPG elements to play with as well. The open nature of the levels is great and I also like that the devs elected to make the 'leveling' of your character mostly optional and tied to map exploration; to me it makes the story feel less linear. I also really like the 'shadow recharge' mechanic for your abilities.I'm only about halfway through the story right now, so I can't speak to that very much. So far it's good enough to keep me interested, but nothing special. The gameplay is definitely this game's strong suit.Haven't tried multiplayer yet. I'd imagine when playing multiplayer, you'll be more prone to an assassin style of play, but I'll just have to wait and see. Maybe total stealth will work, but I think that's less likely."
76561197979187815,Recommended,280160,32853175,Posted: 27 June,all,Ubi KaNoobi,An awesome stealth game. With great art style and soundtrack. If you like stealth or any of the old Tenchu games you will love this game. 9/10
76561198299094678,Recommended,280160,32826534,Posted: 26 June,all,rollo.pattinson,love the style and great stealth game
,Recommended,280160,32711295,Posted: 23 June,all,ChaNyan,"""The sun burns me"" is taken quite literally in this game."
,Not Recommended,280160,32708815,Posted: 23 June,all,lazy cunt,"Would recommend if not for the broken AI. It makes me want to die, not balanced at all"
76561198032243505,Recommended,280160,31096946,Posted: 12 April,all,BLUE TIGER,"At the beginning, game is super repetetive but let's you learn how to play it. So you don't get bored at all at that phase. And once you unlock some different skills it gets much more fun. More enemy types would be great though.+Simple but good scenario+Soundtrack+Atmosphere+Stealth itself+Workshop-A bit repetetive-Too easy"
76561198005775092,Recommended,280160,31087110,Posted: 11 April,all,victorhugoxico,It was perfect.
,Recommended,280160,30727793,Posted: 25 March,all,slo,Hotline Dishonored.
76561198145996227,Recommended,280160,31146388,Posted: 14 April,all,Lukalus,This game is great. The mechanics are extremely fun to use and the kill animations are awesome.
76561198015229979,Recommended,280160,26207414,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,patyos,"Pretty fun stealth game,sweet art stylegood mechanicsIs pretty much inspired by the old Tenchu games and does it pretty well :DTons of skills and abilities to try out and unlock.The game also has Online Co oP Multiplayer.The game also has plenty of replay value with costumes to unlock and three different difficulty settings.The games Level Editor that allows you to make/create your own missions to then share them with others in the Steam workshop is pretty in depth and works very well !! :D"
,Recommended,280160,25969803,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Rerelease savini,it is a good game the thing that is a little not good to say it like that is cause you cant go in combat besiclly if a enemy sppots you if you dont kill him imidietly he will kill you but the game is very good
76561198014842626,Recommended,280160,26692409,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,十番队长冬狮郎,休闲类的游戏，操作并不难，主要靠耐心和细心，建议新手玩家先升级乌鸦，三级后的乌鸦可以显示卷轴的位置，有利于后面捡卷轴升级。
76561198256379410,Recommended,280160,26023393,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,fluffybutternut,The fudging boss is broken he is so op its not fair. but the game is still tons of fun.
,Recommended,280160,25875257,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,tegakiller,"the game is all great ,but some times the ai become strong as a haker and some time they become stupid AF"
76561198043802759,Recommended,280160,25908138,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,NigeDaddy,Fantastic game! We've been needing a good stealth game for quite some time. Aragami answers the call to action.
76561198157729895,Recommended,280160,31162006,Posted: 15 April,all,这游戏是CSGO吗,handsome movesnice picturesso so storybad musicterrible enemy
76561198144427158,Recommended,280160,31258892,Posted: 20 April,all,nimro100,A great game with awesome story
,Recommended,280160,30312099,Posted: 4 March,all,Hoyo Apretado,"This game is so god damn amazing! The way kills work are pretty smooth and are usually different each time!Gameplay feels nice and tight sometimes. Looks extremely pretty!  And there are so many ways to traverse a level which makes it that much more better!Though my only complaints would be that sometimes the character you play as kills them a certain way and steps out of the shadows OR manages to throw the body off a high place and down to the area below where coincidentally the guards are at.Also there is this level builder thing and I made this long level but it was deleted because I accidentally clicked the delete button (which was oddly close to the edit button.)  I would of thought it would ask for confirmation that you wanted to delete files!Another thing that bothers me is how dumb the AI can be which is a problem in most games. I know it's only a game but it feels like they aren't aware enough, like when you have to get rid of the VERY obvious walls of light, and once it DOES disappear, the guards somehow don't notice; I would of been happy with just a ""Hey, the light thing isn't working!"" and a few guards nearby look at it. Also the fact that when you dispose of a body with one of your abilities, the blood stains are still there and it just bothers me that a guard doesn't notice that. And it's an easy enough problem to get rid of if the developers made it so the blood went away as well.Still, this game is amazing and the cons are pretty petty to think about when considering buying this game. So buy it!"
76561198149308994,Recommended,280160,30313473,Posted: 4 March,all,BakaUnleashed,"Aragami is a game that every stealth fan will enjoy - myself included - and im sure that everybody else can agree, once you get past the learning curves, the game is very captivating, fun, and well-written."
,Recommended,280160,30365118,Posted: 6 March,all,Quirken,"Most fun I've had with a stealth game since Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Both you and enemies die with a single hit, so if you get caught, running away is your only option.The game isn't perfect, but it is a blast to play.Pros=========-about 50% of your movement will be teleporting between shadows. Think Dishonored's teleporting, except constantly. This lends itself to speed runs pretty well. it's very satisfying.-in addition to being satisfying, the teleport mitigates the ""having to wait"" aspect of stealth games a fair bit. It's still there, but I feel like being stealthy in Aragami doesn't require the tedious parts; the stealth without as much waiting-kills are satisfying, sneaking by enemies is also satisfying-levels are fairly large and open, so there are a LOT of paths you can follow from point A to point B-the art is gorgeous-multiplayer (I haven't tried; there's no lobby or drop-in, so don't expect to play co-op with strangers)Cons:=========-(occasionally) finicky controls. The teleport has a limited range, and if you're trying to teleport to a shadow juuuust at the edge of that, it can require a lot more fiddliness than it should. (Dev could solve this by making it automatically select the closest-to-edge-of-the-circle spot possible). Teleport in general can be finicky - sometimes the difference between ""teleport to where this wall is and fall back to the ground"" and ""teleport and go to the top of the wall"" are only a few pixels apart, and not always intuitive. If you are aiming at the side of the building, the 'go to top' option might be there, but aiming at the roof, sometimes... not-combat can be finicky sometimes, too. You can never just swing your sword; you have to stand next to an enemy and hit space. Problem is that getting the prompt to make a kill is not always consistent. Sometimes, you can be hiding around a corner waiting to jump an enemy, and they manage to see you before you can kill them. Either let me swing my sword any time I want, or make the kill prompt a little less clunky-most of the powers seem... superfluous. They're nice to have, but not useful enough to change my playstyle much (for instance, why bother blinding an enemy instead of sneaking around them? 3/21 of the powers/upgrades you can buy are related to blinding...) This isn't really a big deal, as the game is plenty fun even without most of the powers-You can't jump. This is *usually* not a problem, as you can just teleport onto platforms, etc. However, if you're standing in the light (because you have no other option), you can't teleport. I've died a couple of times because I couldn't jump over a small obstacle to hide.-save points are frequent enough that levels are beatable without agony, but infrequent enough that it can be somewhat annoying. I'd prefer a quicksave option or more regular checkpoints. Being caught *usually* means death, unless you teleport away quickly, which means replaying the easy parts just before the difficult areas numerous times."
,Recommended,280160,30321427,Posted: 4 March,all,Italian Man cs.money,Buy it issa good
76561198165800981,Recommended,280160,30326346,Posted: 4 March,all,Dark Storm,"Aragami is a great tactial stealth Game. You play as a vengful spirit known as Aragami whos mission is to free prisioners of the Kiaho army. You are guided (and summoned by) Yamiko who helps you retive different talismans to free her and the others. But all is not as it seems.Combat: 8/10The combat is a bit glitchy and sometimes can get iritating but its still decentStory: 10/10The story is GREAT and has a cool plot twist that you might see coming (but its still really good)Stealth: 9/10As long as you play your cards right you can be a quiet assassin who is never discoveredAbilities: 10/10Aragami allows you to use multiple different abilites to either create specific classes (ghost and demon) or choose any number of abilities that suits your game play style.Tips:Blood can be turned off in the game so don't worry thereTry not to run up to guards, sometimes you may get lucky and kill them but usually they will stun and kill you quicklyYou die in one hit so try and be as stealthy as possible (and make sure to upgrade the hide bodies skill first thats the most helpful skill in the game).Be sparing with your abilities because they only have two charges and can only be replenished at shrines (or with shadow kill)In total I would give Aragami 9/10 great game and would play it again."
,Recommended,280160,30326539,Posted: 4 March,all,[Skrub] Puds,"Occasional clipping of enemies. One time they all were invisible. Otherwise solid gameplay, very casual graphics done well.I'm enjoying this game.I give it Pud's 1/1 functioning as intended."
76561198051397823,Recommended,280160,30324416,Posted: 4 March,all,Grey,"Solid stealth game with smart design, great art and appropriate length."
,Recommended,280160,33075460,Posted: 1 July,all,𝓐𝓡𝓽𝓱𝓤𝓡,"regarding to the price,it's the best stealth game ever!"
76561198024450686,Recommended,280160,33077133,Posted: 1 July,all,Aaces,"Enjoyed it very much.It's a pretty short playthrough, but at the price, I certainly felt it was worth it.Good story, fun mechanics.Game could occassionally behave a little strange, but I was never sure whether it was buggy or behaving as expected.I wish they had implemented the different endings, as I would've loved to see some alternative outcomes and have a reason to replay."
76561198083842247,Recommended,280160,33075849,Posted: 1 July,all,Chief Bear Fist,Moist
,Recommended,280160,33097902,Posted: 1 July,all,Tsha,"WHAT A ♥♥♥♥ING GAMETHAT SOUNDTRACK IS AWESOME, THIS GAME IS SO GREAT, I LOVED IT"
76561198127014179,Recommended,280160,33073051,Posted: 1 July,all,IIIIII,Awesome Game not finished it yet but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome!!
,Recommended,280160,33110124,Posted: 1 July,all,x2_TailedFox_98,"I haven't played the game that much to give a completely thorough review, but I can say that the game is a great game if you're into a more hardcore stealth type of game. If not, it's not for you."
,Recommended,280160,33107400,Posted: 1 July,all,Mxholland,I wish my computer wasnt a buffering screen if it wasnt then I could play this game.
,Recommended,280160,33098210,Posted: 1 July,all,judopanda,This game with a buddy was one of the best co-op games I've played in a long time. A few glitches here and there but that didn't stop from the amazing gameplay. I'm sad it was a little short but I've never been so pumped to pick a game up again on the next difficulty.
76561198392879990,Recommended,280160,33253586,Posted: 4 July,all,BackyardBadger81,This is a very good stealth game and i highly recommend it if your in to sneaking around. This would be a great stepping stone for a nightcrawler game for sure. Still bad a** to be a ninja though. Everyon loves ninjas.
,Recommended,280160,33249214,Posted: 4 July,all,Akerus,"Great game with amazing co-op and music. I hope the developers will make next Aragami more polished. Must buy, especially if you like Japan and it's culture."
76561198323984737,Recommended,280160,33254453,Posted: 4 July,all,Stardust1995,"Aragami is the best assassin game I've ever played.TBH, much better than Assassin's Creed:)Be patient, be carefful, move like a really assassin.Not hard to complete the mission, but its really difficult to get S rank in game.And I strongly recommend you to find a friend and play together.Enjoy:)"
76561198129863090,Recommended,280160,33313145,Posted: 6 July,all,vriya_v,9/10
,Not Recommended,280160,33068268,Posted: 30 June,all,» ʕoᴥO ʔ Milksplooge,"UPDATE AT END OF REVIEW:I really like this game a lot and I really enjoy the stealth aspect of it. The difficulty scale is great where shadows start becoming thinner and your skill use becomes more and more pertinent for your survival.On the downside, there are huge frame rate drops at some points of the game and, when you're using lots of skills that are pertinent for your survival and your frame rate drops to potato, you die. I haven't been able to figure out a way to fix it yet; it really seems like some parts of the game were just... not optimized.That said, when it works, it's gorgeous and fun. If you love sneaky breeky games, but with stabbing instead of shooting, I highly recommend this. Just be prepared for potatoes to throttle your patience into hell.Editing this: Six hours of gameplay after I wrote this review, I got to the archer portion. I have never wanted to flip a table more in my life. I understand how domestic violence can happen now.This is the most infuriating series of ""challenges"" I have ever endured in my life. Disguising monotony as a series of annoying ""challenges"" that you have to RNG your way through is not difficulty, it's tedium."
,Recommended,280160,33305392,Posted: 6 July,all,vinyl sprakle,"One of my favorite games in my steam library. The gameplay feels smooth and very fluid. The game also doesn't force one playstyle and is actually extremely diverse. One playstyle doesn't feel easier than another playstyle.I also love the art style of the game. Absolutely fitting and beautiful.However, the game isn't perfect. I frequently got annoyed with how short the distance for the shadow teleportation was. Checkpoints are also scarce and frustrating when you die, as there isn't a save anywhere option.Overall, the game is phenomenal with only a few problems that are easily forgivable (probably the biggest one being checkpoints)I'd give it a 9/10. I was pleasantly surprised. I can't wait to do co-op and 100% the game."
76561198043711366,Recommended,280160,33359770,Posted: 7 July,all,Deaddropping,"A nice and simple stealth game.Pros:Simple mechanics that are easy to pick up on.Cons:auto-save points seem a bit too sparse.Neutral observations:I like the art style, but that's an opinion.The level design is interesting, but lacks a lot of verticality.Gameplay is both forgiving and harsh; Guards will not instantly sound the alarm or kill you if spotted, os you have a window to kill them. However, the save point distance makes screwing up take a lot more time to fix.Conclusion: I'm having fun when I'm not retreading ground."
76561198063366003,Recommended,280160,33334666,Posted: 6 July,all,Blue,"Story is so-so, but art and presentation are excellent and level variety is great. Played through twice in one long sitting, scratched that Thief 2 itch.10/10, would steath again."
,Recommended,280160,33324183,Posted: 6 July,all,MPK,"Really fun stealthy, challenging and fun game to play alone or with your friend ^^."
,Recommended,280160,33328299,Posted: 6 July,all,SilverVictini,"Aragami is a stealth game, which is normally just a test of patience and praying that you won't be spotted, but it does things a little different. With Aragami's shadow techniques, you can manipulate and traverse your environments with deceptive finesse.PROS:+Gorgeous art style+Rewards the player for how you play as well as how good you play.+Pasifist ""Yami"" and Bloodthirsty ""Oni"" Routes.+The shadow abilities have no right to be as cool as they are.CONS-A little buggy. (Nothing gamebreaking, but still annoying. Patches are being developed as we speak)-Lighting is a little inconsistant.-Music is OK.-Skills are gained from finding hidden objects.FINAL SUMMARYA stealth game that had more than a really good plot or fun bosses to keep me going, a wonderfully interesting mechanic that is fleshed out greatly and provides multiple ways of dealing with a situation, and giving the player insentives to replay levels to either kill or spare all guards. What more could you ask for?8.5/10 (add 0.5 if the guard pathing is fixed)"
76561198071761252,Recommended,280160,33329244,Posted: 6 July,all,takaraet,One of the top stealth games.
76561198005452636,Recommended,280160,33348540,Posted: 7 July,all,Retep,"I made the mistake of picking the highest difficulty. Don't. The controls simply are not tight enough for that. And there is some pathfinding issue where the enemies will sometimes or, actually rather often, get stuck on terrain when leaving the scripted patrol paths and then unpredictably start wildly spinning around to try and navigate around the obstacle. This understandably makes it hard to sneak up on them. And while the patrolling guards always return to their patterns after leaving them, stationary guards sometimes just stay whereever they are when their suspicion drops. This can also be quite the hassle. When you factor in that the punishment for failure is swift and harsh, this often turns the game into a frustrating experience.But when it does work as intended it is a fun and beautiful stealth game with pretty solid mechanics."
,Recommended,280160,29960844,Posted: 16 February,all,Voice Uncle,"This is a really cool game. One of my all-time favourites.Really unique stealth game with an awesome art-style that appeals to the weeaboos out there.Some of the mechanics can be a bit janky; such as the cape being your meter for how much shadow essence you have and it getting caught on your sword all the time, but thats alright if you're not blind. Sometimes the teleportation can be a bit indecisive and hard to aim as well as the camera angles getting in the way a little bit, but these are all tiny issues that are easy to ignore considering how innovative and interesting the game is.The story is also a little bit of a let down but if you're just looking for a really unique and solid stealth game, Aragami is where it's at. While the game is kinda short, I've got a solid amount of time on the game and I'm still trying to unlock the skins and finish the modes. It's definitely replayable if you can think of new ways to approach situations and its so satisfying to finally pass through an area that you might have been stuck on, or if you're sneaking up behind someone and demolish them right behind another enemy, hoo boy does it feel like you're a true ninja (despite the fact that you killed them with a dragon made out of literal shadows, but who really cares about reality amiright).Like I said before, the art style is incredibly cool with an almost comic book feel to it and it makes the scenery so pretty just to look at, really nice for those of you who just want to spam screenshots.The abilities that you unlock with ingeniously hidden scrolls put a whole bunch of strategy into the game too, which is really nice to switch up the combat from the stock standard sneak and stab. Being able to plant a wormhole on the back of an enemy and watch them mindlessly parade into a group of their friends before you activate it and deal with them all on one fell swoop is so satisfying, and throwing a kunai at an enemy on a cliff edge where their body falls off the edge just before another enemy walks past to notice nothing out of place makes you feel like a criminal mastermind.All-in-all this game is pretty solid with a few janky bits but its still an incredibly unique and thoroughly entertaining experience for anyone looking for a new take on the stealth genre. Would definitely recommend the purchase."
76561198283078000,Recommended,280160,30003402,Posted: 18 February,all,CigmaZhang,"Good, but not perfect. Worth a try."
76561198050712099,Recommended,280160,31036995,Posted: 9 April,all,reginald.allouchery,Essentially Tenchu for modern machines.  Very good pure sleath game.  Buy it.
76561198173193923,Recommended,280160,30935590,Posted: 3 April,all,durgashankar2003,"This is an amazing stealth game. Definately worth the money.Pros:+ Great game play.+ Wonderful music+ Amazing world to sneak around+ Great powers for combat+ Stealth actually matters because the enemies pretty much kill you with one hit (good or bad depending on  your preference)Con:- Too repetative at times- Too easy boss fights- Could've had a better storyOverall:I'd definately say get this game. I just wish they would have done more with this game. There is so much untapped potentail that I felt like the game wasted. However, this is still definately worth it."
,Recommended,280160,29435579,Posted: 22 January,all,メラニ,"it's pretty funif you wanna be a stealth kiddo and also be a kill kiddo this is ur game !!the only thing is that the ai can be weird sometimes(they don't detect you, hit you, or will walk into walls [only sometimes, usually if you're playing with someone{not always}])those are minor though, still a great game"
76561198155788529,Recommended,280160,29437885,Posted: 22 January,all,Emion,"This game is a fun co-op game to strategise with a friend in, or progress through the stages by yourself. The story is kind of exciting however gets predictable at the end. But the gameplay remains challenging yet fun throughout the entire game. The kill animations take a while but they are always entertaining to watch. While you may need a pretty good computer to run this game at high fps, the game still plays well at 30 fps."
76561198155061225,Recommended,280160,29326012,Posted: 17 January,all,TheWolfWithTheFro,"first of all IMHO this is a very enjoyable game.Why? the controls are tight, the stealth mechanics are very fun, the upgrades (even if theres not that many) always give you different gameplay option, it looks gorgeus, the level design is very well thought and executed (every level feels different and flows in differentely from the others and they boss fight are extremely cool.if you wan't to enjoy it even more i'd suggest trying doing a pacifist run, trying not to kill anyone gives the game some appreciated extra difficulty (except for one level where you might want to rip your hair)."
76561197970962444,Recommended,280160,29406139,Posted: 21 January,all,mishari26,Beautiful and highly stylish art. The stealth action is smooth and top notch. very light on anime crap. In some points dare I say even emotional.
,Recommended,280160,29470811,Posted: 24 January,all,Max2Light,"Story: (Brief) A Ghost Assassin called from the dead to avenge vengence for the Shadow Empress but to find a shocking twis t of conquest at the end...Pro's:Me writing a review is only when a game is good...-Story (Dark, Vengful and Bloodthirsty with Stealth element) (Assassin's Creed Japan feeling....Tenchu concept for PS2 players)- Graphics ( Pretty nice for an Indie Game, lot of options to adjust for PC players)- Sound ( Music is Oriental classical with a Japanese Tone to it)- Gameplay ( Not as good as Tenchu but i still loved it, especially when we get the kills, also Skills are useful and are required during game)- Fun Elements like appearication, custom difficulty, Language ( Japanese Audio, Eng sub)- Achievemnts ( Unlocked all Achievements, so you can see how focused i was when playing Aragami )Cons:- Some small glitches still exist..can go out of map in some places, NPC may not spawn...- Graphics ( Though it's great, Optimization is an issue for some players, seems to be better with the latest patches)Just Buy, Buy , Buy !!!!!"
76561198209792789,Recommended,280160,29452390,Posted: 23 January,all,Orizuru1911,"Being a stealth fanatic, I am glad that I stumbled upon this gem whilst searching for the next game to satisfy my boredom.Aragami presents itself in a unique way that differentiates itself from other stealth games I have never played before. Playing as a vengeful spirit with the ability to control and bend shadows at will made this game incredibly fun and often felt empowered when killing enemies with shadow godlike abilities.When it comes to the story, don't expect alot of detail as it often lacks in depth but that hasn't ruined any of the experience for me as I primarily chose this game for the purpose of killing time and did this very well.For the low price of £14 I seriously suggest the purchase if you're looking for a stealth based game whilst on a budget."
76561198094677203,Recommended,280160,29215166,Posted: 12 January,all,PonyJosiah13,"(Note: I wrote an earlier review not recommending it, but I have changed my mind)I do like Aragami, but if I'm going to recommend and review it, then I'm going to have to be honest.For an indie stealth game, Aragami is pretty well-done, and it can be fun...if you're good at it. The premise of the game is that you are an aragami, a vengeful spirit composed of shadows, and you have been summoned by Yamiko, the Empress of Darkness, to rescue her from the Army of Light that is holding her prisoner.As an aragami, you gain power from darkness, and are weakened by light. You start off with the ability to teleport to nearby shadows, but can gain more powers and abilities by finding scrolls hidden throughout the levels and using them to unlock abilities. Pretty straightforward.First, let's examine the pros of this game:—Challenging stealth game. You will need to plan and move carefully. The guards may not be exceptional in terms of AI, but there's a lot of them. they are pretty good at searching if they find something suspicious, and they can kill you in one hit. All of this makes for a very challenging stealth game.—Beautiful music and art style. It may vary for you, but I personally love the soundtrack, which does a very good job of conveying a range of emotion. The art style is also honestly very pretty and the level designs are a treat to look at.—Replayability. Searching for the hidden secret scrolls, as well as a score system that awards you points for achieving objectives stealthily and medals for finishing a level without setting off any alarms or killing anyone or killing all enemies, encourages replayability.However, this game does have several things that aren't so great about it.—Lack of checkpoints. You cannot save manually in the game, and checkpoints are fairly sparse. What this means is if you die, you will often have to do an entire area all over again.—Purely stealth. You have no ability to fight if you are discovered: your only option if spotted is to run and hide, and enemies can kill you in one hit. This, combined with having to do an entire area all over again if killed, can potentially push the game from ""fun and challenging"" to ""frustrating and unfair"" if you're not good at it.—Lag. This seems to have been fixed somewhat in recent patches, but playing the game for too long can sometimes cause it to slow down dramatically. If you don't have a high-end computer, I'd recommend playing it on low resolution and only for short periods of time.—Lackluster voice acting, especially with the guards. This does not aid the immersion in any way, but it's more of an annoyance than anything.The bottom line is, Aragami is a flawed game, but it is still fun to play...if you're careful and don't get caught repeatedly. If you enjoy stealth games that involve a lot of stabbing guys in the back, then you absolutely should play Aragami. Just double check that your computer meets or exceeds the recommendation before buying."
,Recommended,280160,28412806,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AssClownMcFartFace,Super fun game in coop
76561198156930406,Recommended,280160,29459638,Posted: 24 January,all,Guesty,its good but needs more content to make it better
76561198020881055,Recommended,280160,29617035,Posted: 31 January,all,0Neko,I really enjoy playing Aragami. Great co-op game! Music & art also really awesome!If you are wanting to sneak in the shadows and kill your enemies by surprise - this would be a game for you!Would recommend :)
76561198240250102,Recommended,280160,29353155,Posted: 19 January,all,Jake347612,"One of the best games I've played. The plot was so amazing that I stayed up all night to finish the game. The ending is even more of a twist but you could somewhat suspect it, although not near as crazy as it was. A nice break from open world games too that usually can take days to complete like Skyrim. I definitelty would play a prequel game if they ever made one cause the background is also very interesting."
,Recommended,280160,29364364,Posted: 19 January,all,donkey tron,"..it's like rikimaru and ayame had a baby, and that baby was raised by lord gohda himself.9/10, one point deduction due to minor glitches and bugs. online coop is awesome."
76561197994888824,Recommended,280160,29297656,Posted: 16 January,all,onijuppo,"I haven't played a pure stealth game this good since Tenchu Stealth Assasins on PS1. I haven't had a chance yet to try the multiplayer, but the single player game is well worth the asking price."
76561198261880003,Recommended,280160,29286996,Posted: 15 January,all,Arrow,its a good game.you may want to get some friends and play with them otherwise some of the missions are going to be hard
76561198157856469,Recommended,280160,29313376,Posted: 17 January,all,club24,is good
,Recommended,280160,29290365,Posted: 15 January,all,ZER0,"Amazing soundtrack and an interesting artistic style. Excellent job for an indie title, especially one in Unity.A few gripes here and there (Checkpoints in a stealth game are hard to do, getting killed in one hit can get annoying, felt like the guards could see me in the dark quicker then they should)Overall an excellent game, well worth my money and time.Highly recommended for fans of the stealth genre"
76561198076962698,Recommended,280160,28799161,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Titan,"Very fun and challenging, with a lot of replayability and even a multiplayer. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,280160,28816037,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,hotmatrixx,"This is maybe the best Stealth game out there. Basically, this is a must have/buy/play if you have enjoyed any of Tenchu/Mark Of The Ninja/Dishonoured; it's basically the best part of all 3 games... except MOTN' spider kills and hangman's!That's all I need to say; If you want to get into the Stealth Genre, you need all 3 of these games (Tenchu isn't an option, I'm afraid)"
76561198101570860,Recommended,280160,28733445,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Graublut,"The game is as good as it looks. At some points there are some frame drops, but overall a good game.7/10"
,Recommended,280160,28913817,Posted: 1 January,all,inukiba,One of my favorite play-styles captured wonderfully in a stunning game :3
76561197992245787,Recommended,280160,28738496,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Reekris,This was a good game. Frustrating at times (especially if you're doing a stealth run) but that's to be expected from a stealth-oriented game. Overall I really enjoyed it.
76561198189189479,Recommended,280160,28866287,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dancing Phoenix,"I'm typically more of a lurker than an active commenter/reviewer on steam. This is actually my first review because the game is so incredible that it has forced me *ahem* out of the shadows, so to speak. Right then, to business.Aragami has thoroughly impressed me with the immense level of detail. Even the main character performs a chiburi after many of his kills (a ritual where one swiftly cuts the air with their blade to fling blood off out of respect). Seriously, if you're even the slightest bit interested in Japanese architecture, culture, or ninjas, then I HIGHLY recommend picking this game up.This game is honestly everything Assassin's Creed should have been. In this game, it can be very difficult to survive if detected at all, even in beginner mode. To balance this, however, you have an insanely powerful arsenal of abilities and tools to ensure silent, stealthy, and quick kills without a trace. Therein lies the trick: don't get caught.The thing that I noticed right away about this game is how smooth it is. Movement and kills are silky smooth and pleasant to watch and fulfill their purpose of stealth. It's atually kind of relaxing how well the game flows.Many games that have any sort of patience/puzzle aspect to them get stale the longer you play them. However this one just kept getting better and better. Chapters 5 and 6 blew my mind with their complexity.My only complaints about the game are:-Slight clunkiness of npc move patterns, though it doesn't affect gameplay.-The blood. I want it there, don't get me wrong. However, it leaves a stain that doesn't go away but also doesn't affect detection even when guards stand directly on top of it.-Very occasional glitches. This one is probably more my fault though. I really pushed the game to see how far it could go. In all honesty, I was not disappointed. Great physics engine ^.^"
,Recommended,280160,28866423,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zentaki,"Reminds me of Tenchu. But it does feel more like Dishonored!Just wish more games like this, should one make Shinobido proud would really make me happy!Aragami is far from doing that. But it is a very nice game.The price is not so fair but with a discount just did it.And hey it has coop online! Awsome!Me lembra Tenchu, mas a impressao é mais de Dishonored!Apenas queria mais ogos como esses, se um jogo desses fizesse Shinobido orgulhoso tb me faria mt feliz!Aragami ta longe disso, mas é um jogo mt legal!O preço nao é mt justo mas com disconto vale a pena.E tem modo cooperativo online! Demais!"
76561198206536741,Recommended,280160,29071473,Posted: 6 January,all,Furlin The Wizard Cat,fun with friends eyt difficult
76561198222033788,Recommended,280160,29100306,Posted: 7 January,all,SokoolCereal,Super sneaky ninja parkour dishonored assassin's creed stuff going on in this game.
,Recommended,280160,29073826,Posted: 6 January,all,build the bridge,Solid stealth mechanics (WITH A FRIEND) and reasons to play through the game multiple times.
76561198104521212,Recommended,280160,28981445,Posted: 3 January,all,RhinoSpider,"Do you like stealth playthroughs of games?Do you like puzzle games?Well here's both.This isn't like Assassin's Creed, where you can survive a fight if it breaks out but it's really in your best interest not to. You are punished for being caught. And that's why I love it. Everything gears itself towards remaining undetected, to the point where half the time you won't even want to kill the sentry because you're afraid someone else may stumble accross the body when you're on the complete other side of the map and alert EVERYONE INSTANTLY, even after you've determined no one else goes down that path.While there is a story, it's poorly executed and practically nonexistent. If you need a good story for a game, this isn't for you. I get much more of an arcade vibe from it, in that there are independent levels, a scoring system, and it's all about the gameplay itself.Specific elements I really appreciate:- Their detection of you is very well done- Lures become necessary, but it's extremely easy for them to backfire if more than one person happens to hear it- While you can learn new abilities, the god curve present in games like Shadow of Mordor, Dishonored, and Assassin's Creed is nonexistent- The score system is fun and reinforces the idea that the whole point of the game is that it's a level by level stealth game and the goal is to be as stealthy and deadly as possible"
76561197995821800,Recommended,280160,28959502,Posted: 2 January,all,DoubleDee <3'er,Very nice story.
,Recommended,280160,28968187,Posted: 2 January,all,Seiryu,"So far played this game for only an hour...and im hooked. Playing it co-op with my best friend, and its a great experience. the stealth is great, and it so far just meshes great. I've been wanting a ninja game like this for a while. I like that it can be challenging, and the enemys are tough (one hit KO). It makes you have to think, and take your time for that perfect moment. I cant say a lot about it yet though since I havent finished it but I do wish though that there was multiple save files. I want to be able to play with my buddy doing the story mode, as well as my future wife here (yes she has a copy of the game as well). I wouldn't mind as well going through the story solo even though co-op is more fun. Maybe 4 player story mode would be awesome. I did read somewhere about maybe 4 player multiplayer as well, and that will be cool as well. I can see this game getting bigger, and better with future DLC, and eventually maybe bigger maps. This game could verywell be the next awesome Ninja game franchise. I tip my hat to the devs for this one, and say thankyou for bringing ninjas back into my life again.  Side note I did pick this game up when it was on sale, but would totaly pay full price for this work of art. Now to Ninja vanish."
,Recommended,280160,28984938,Posted: 3 January,all,Skumse,"Awesome idea, and to some extent they pulled it off. In some places, the game has major annoying ""bugs"", though.Played the whole thing as co-op, and at the beginning of every mission/after a load screen, we would just sit there with no dialogue or video, for 10-20 seconds, before being able to move. Like the game was missing some audio or video scenes.Furthermore I never got it to work as a borderless window. No matter if I chose Fullscreen or not, it jumped into a window on each load screeen (had to hit alt+enter every time).All in all it seems like an early release. If you can live with that - go for it.I'm personally hoping for a few bugfixes before playing it again."
76561198199393755,Recommended,280160,28958045,Posted: 2 January,all,cattynebulart,"It's an interesting game, at normal difficulty it's a well balanced challenge, the interface suffers a bit from beign made for console, but overall I'd give it a solid recomendation. For replay value there is gathering medals and higher difficulty. but unless you are a completionist figure ~10 hours before you have finished the story and replayed some of the more interestign missions for medals.Also it is quite good in co-op which is rare to find."
,Recommended,280160,28952018,Posted: 2 January,all,Miss Carriage,Normally I hate playing stealth games but I thought this game was really great.
,Recommended,280160,28956075,Posted: 2 January,all,white man,is a good game
,Recommended,280160,29023588,Posted: 4 January,all,NoxKnocks,"I definitely recommend this game!Very fun but sometimes difficult to figure out how to get through the chapters, a little challenge doesn't hurt. The graphics are great for the style, love how the dark colours from the darkness are balanced with the reds and other warm colours from the light.The storyline is quite interesting, too. But I feel that it doesn't stay on one topic and kind of wonders away from the main topic and sometimes gets a little confusing.Personally I haven't gotten too far into the game yet, although I'm very excited to play through it all!"
,Recommended,280160,29216561,Posted: 12 January,all,Reinhardt,"Great stealth game. Promises to make me feel like a bad as shadow ninja, and does just that. No performance issues and have had a blast.10/10, would devour guard with shadow dragon again"
76561198035714168,Recommended,280160,29214736,Posted: 12 January,all,armadillion,"So this game is short, but it has a great story. No, an amazing story. Like a 12 episode anime that is fantastic. It doesn't take long to beat the game, but the stroy and gameplay stick with you. It is a must have for stealth game fans and anime fanatics alike. 5 out of 5 stars for sure!"
76561198339994577,Recommended,280160,29792722,Posted: 8 February,all,jansen.daman123,"I love this game!I love the simple cartoon art style. The ability-upgrade system is easy and pretty fast once you get going. I love the ninja-like gameplay and hiding in the shadows. Those features are beautifully integrated into the game, and are a necessity to master if you want to progress. Don't expect a deep and interesting story. This game is about its gameplay, not the investment in the characters. I love this game despite the story I couldn't care less about. There are a few things though that hurt this game from being perfect:1) its really short. I finished the entire thing in maybe about 12 hours of total game time, and that was me being thorough making sure I got all the unlockables and killing all the enemies. Im sure if I was just trying to beat the game, I could do it in under 8 hours. I wish it was longer.2) The one-hit kills. If you're right at the end of a really long level and just about to move one, an enemy sees you, throws his magical sword shot at you, boom. You're done. There's no blocking it. Dodging it. Or surviving it. This game says you can either choose to be stealth or just go all out with a sword. But you definitely can NOT beat this game with just your sword. Your enemies have swords that can kill you from like 50 feet away, and it only takes one hit. At the very least it should take 2-3 hits to kill you. One hit just ruins combat all together, especially when they can kill you instantly, and the gameplay animation for your character to kill is relatively slow.3) No real replay value. Because of the way I played the game the first time through (trying to complete everything), once I finished, there is no real reason for me to go back and keep playing. The levels are fun and going back to early easy levels with your spec'd out character is alright. But theres just not much enjoyment in the game the moment its done. Thats why I wish it was longer.Aside from all this, I did love the game while I was playing it and before I finished. I would recommend it to someone who's never played it before. I just wish they expanded on the game a little more."
,Recommended,280160,29786007,Posted: 8 February,all,Mew ♡,"This game was really challenging! Had alot of fun in co-op, the graphics were really fitting to the game, the story was a bit predictable but still very fun to follow."
76561198339424990,Recommended,280160,29710354,Posted: 4 February,all,Iceland #1,"It looks amazing, is fun to play, fun with friends, and makes me feel like a badass ninja. Toltaly recomend."
,Recommended,280160,29739490,Posted: 6 February,all,seepran,"First of all, I'm a sucker for games that have a distinctive art style. Aragami definitely hits that spot and it's one of the reasons I love it.At first the save system seemed bad and checkpoints were too sparse, it wouldn't have hurt to have a few more here and there with the first run through. However, when I actually learned how to play the game, instead of running at enemies top speed and stabbing them, trying to act like in just another Assassin's Creed, it wasn't so bad. It's far more enjoyable just sneak through without killing anyone.Haven't tried the co-op yet, but so far Aragami must be one of my new favorite games."
76561198145263145,Recommended,280160,29978271,Posted: 16 February,all,✪Omelette,"Artistically, the game is simply gorgeous. The animation in character movement and even fighting animations is very fluid, and it's clear a lot of love was put into making Aragami candy for the eyes. The feudal Japan scenery is nothing less than stunning, and I could honestly play this game over and over just to look at everything and take in all the details.Gameplay-wise, it's highly enjoyable. Controls are a tad bit different from what I usually see, but it's quick and easy to get used to. The mechanics, both unlockable ones and starting ones, are uniquely creative, adding more ways to get through each map, and more styles you can play. Plus, it's totally badass being able to destroy your enemies by summoning a death dragon from the shadows to swallow them whole.!!! SPOILERS BELOW !!!As for the story, I must applaud the writers. They kept us in the dark the entire time, gradually uncovering the secrets and background to Aragami and Yamiko both. We were lead to believe one thing, then another, which greatened the impact of the plot twists revealed at the end. Very well done. Although with the reveal of Aragami actually being Ryo from the Kaiho, and Yamiko and her people being evil, I didn't feel the same sorrow and grief that Aragami did, knowing we'd been tricked into killing our own people. The reveal was so sudden, we went the entire game believing that these people were evil, even had lines from guards depicting them as cruel. There could have been more of an emotional impact from this reveal if Aragami and Yamiko had both escaped their encounter, and the game continued build on our understanding of what the Kaiho truly were, seen their humanity, and gotten to know Sora so we(the players) could form an emotional attachment, then the ending of Aragami and Yamiko killing one another would have been much more heart-breaking. Along with the knowledge of how many Kaiho we'd killed along the way.Still, this is by far my favorite indie game, and I'm very impressed with what everyone was able to do with what they had."
,Recommended,280160,29491994,Posted: 25 January,all,TheLuckyDicer,Absolutely AWSOME!!! The game play is fantastic and the story line is awsome playing it with some one makes it much more  fun. But I do wish there was more to do in the game like some pvp or maybe co-op quests that are not in the main story line. Also the ending :( so sad
,Recommended,280160,29408678,Posted: 21 January,all,KING NIKO,"One of the best indie games that I have ever played, and the style of animation is just beautiful."
,Recommended,280160,29598979,Posted: 30 January,all,Wingkin,"Has the components of stealth & strategy that keep it exciting, but is a little less detailed with regards to graphics (more artsy if anything). Must buy if you like Assassins Creed games or Shadow of Mordor!"
76561198061652742,Recommended,280160,28802303,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MidouShidan,"This game is all in all just beautiful. The Music always fits and the story is short but totally worth playing. The Boss-Fights have epic Music, the Titlescreen-Music is just beautiful and suits the japanese flair of the game. The Movement through shadows is fckin awesome. It has such a high potential and is really fun to playthrough again and again. When you like Ninja's and Japan, this game will totally make you happy, especially with a friend in koop that likes this stuff too! You should grap yourself a friend and try this out, i bet you won't regret it. I totally wish the dev's will make another game like this or some  bonus stuff for the game!It has some lack in Content but I guess the fun while playing it over again is still worth it's price. Bug's may happen while playin the game but most of them are funny though, like funny walks on one spot, dead body's wiggling or wiggling weapons, some of the negative Bugs are Enemy's still beeing alarted after dying or falling through the Ground while porting into some shadow with some angles, but it's okay, though.All in all it's a pretty solid game, wich is very fun to play in Koop with some lil' buggs and beautiful music and i wish there would be more games like these.Peace out, enjoy the game if you'll buy it now and we'll see us in the shadows :D"
76561198305336531,Recommended,280160,28884226,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,★72_PM ツ,The mechanics of the games are cool. Kind of reminds me of dishonerd because it's stealth and you can teleport. I don't like how enimies one hit kill you.
76561198120269788,Recommended,280160,29143982,Posted: 9 January,all,Sei,ahh the old days in tenchu love the art and the game play omg its really awesome if anyone really looking for an true ninja game well you came in the right place pal not only that you can even go co-up with friends how awesome is that?? and the price is cheep for an awesome game like this in scale of 10 im giving it 9 fully recommen game :3ohh and if anyone up for co-ups im in just add me ill join you for your awesome game :3
76561198109734803,Recommended,280160,28829316,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AG,if you like stealth games this is one if the best
76561198120720166,Recommended,280160,28894580,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Opie,Definitely worth the money. 10/10 will play again.
76561198054909212,Recommended,280160,28774787,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Isru2,Great game great stealth and if you get too mad you can always just repeatedly dash through the shadows so no guard ever sees you and skip most of the level. Or you can take advantage of the fact that every guard normally has a split secound delay between realising your there and attacking so you can get in your insta stealth kill. Or you can litreally just run straight though and watch the projectiles miss as they aim where you were not where you are going. Not a big fan of stealth games but this one makes me want to try me. 8/10
,Recommended,280160,28762619,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Teemo McNuggets,Positive:-Fancy as ♥♥♥♥-Challenging-Cool mechanics and animationsNegative:-Slow-(for me) boring if you play it about 30 minutes3/5I wanted to write a review to this. This is short. Buy it if you don´t know what else you should buy. Have fun.
,Recommended,280160,28776819,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,waking.life,"huge fan of this game. admittedly, they have really borrowed a lot from dishonored but with the story, third person perspective and other details, it is unique and awesome enough that i have not regretted buying it. for me personally it was an awesome find and i hope a sequel comes some day."
,Recommended,280160,32739227,Posted: 24 June,all,Agrø,"When I saw this game in the steam market, I was very worried about the purchase I made. Not knowing what I was getting into, nor did I know who the game developer was, I was worried for my money. Strongly, I can say that my money was well spent, and giving Aragami a chance was a very good decesion.Story: Aragami has a simple story that is easy to follow. Very lacking, but has enough elements for the player to keep playing, and see what will happen next. You the player, are this shadow ninja of vengeance. You continue to unravel mysterious and unanswered questions by the clues given to you.Graphics: Made with the [Unity Engine] the graphics are cartoonish, but have great visual effects. In my childhood, I grew up playing Sly Cooper, and The Wind Waker, which in my opinion have a great resemblance to Aragami.2nd Part (Graphics): For core gameplay, You play as this shadow warrior, and really depend on shadows that are created by objects. (Personally, in some levels they were sometimes difficult to see, since the game is at night.) Though a small complaint, the design overall is very good, and I rarley had this issue.Recommend: For a $20 game, I say this is a very good game. Staying to stealth as its core, I was very pleased throughout the whole game. Very simple, which was very good in my eyes. A one hit kill from the enemy kept me on my feet, and had to figure out the AI's rotation, and awareness. Scoring this game, I would give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,280160,32733616,Posted: 24 June,all,ROBXV,"Its not the best game i played, it gets kind of repetetive real quick, but i like stealth games.In the elements of stealth this is a decent game.I wouldnt buy this for 20€ but now on summer sale is a good deal."
,Recommended,280160,32757787,Posted: 24 June,all,jerrymck*MAGA,Got this on sale not expecting much. Loved it. Haven't had this much fun with a single player game in a long time.Plus it has a nice japanese vibe to it. Very calming music. Veg out and enjoy. Thanks dev's keep em coming :)
76561198131412041,Recommended,280160,32757278,Posted: 24 June,all,☜✪☞ Tpepper,"I give this game a 10/10The Story and Plot was illuring and kept me hooked throughout my expirenceVery unique in the co-op Story mode.Gameplay was challenging, but gave you a great sense of satisfaction after completing a chapter.Mechanics were unique and well thought out. The unlockables added a nice touch to the expirenceOverall a Well Thoughtout, Well made, and truely exceptional game"
76561198171116359,Recommended,280160,32757303,Posted: 24 June,all,Nix,"Beautiful art and animation, music was captivating, and the story line kept you engaged in the characters, challenging gameplay that forced you to think out and plan your attack. The many twists and turns in the plot kept you guessing and was very hard to predict the ending. Overall an exceptional game that i would reccomend to all of my friends"
,Recommended,280160,32747505,Posted: 24 June,all,Wiggles,I love this game. The art style. The stealth. The sound. It's just fantastic. I order you to buy it.
76561197976746851,Recommended,280160,32693900,Posted: 23 June,all,SolidJake,"This game is awesome. It is a cell shaded mix of Tenchu: Wrath of Heaven with a splash of Legend of Zelda. Also found a hidden triforce on one of the maps! I have yet to give co-op a shot but I bet it is fun too.The game definitely has some replayability. You end each level with a grade A, B, C, D.. etc and can choose to kill everyone, or sneak past with 0 kills and get bonuses for each style of tactics. The base control sceme is odd but that is easily adjusted. 10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,280160,32925412,Posted: 28 June,all,Switchblade,pretty kool actually and i havnt even played multiplayer yet
76561198217668240,Recommended,280160,32892025,Posted: 27 June,all,captconnor94,"Do you like Japanese culture, ghosts, and stealth games? If so this game is for you. You play as an Aragami, a ghost warrior summoned by a kidnapped women and you do on a quest to rescue her. You can only live in the shadows tho as sunlight kills you. I give it a  8/10 it's really fun."
,Not Recommended,280160,32899313,Posted: 27 June,all,FAYTONCU,"Remind me PS1 games . If you take a damage, you'll die. It makes it annoying and challenging. I think it is worth to try but 6 hours gameplay is too short. Game finished when i was ready to enjoy it."
76561198086022768,Recommended,280160,32935249,Posted: 28 June,all,Aragami,Well the game is fine reminds me a lot of Tehnchu old days that i play on ps2 however the thing is (Game is 2 short has only 13 chepters which took me only 5 to 6 hours to finish it and if i knew i would noy buy it i would rather download it for free)... How ever i hope there will be more chepters coming and the only thing we will need is just update it instead buying it again...
,Recommended,280160,32938957,Posted: 28 June,all,.:Re:.,Love the fighting animation and strategy planning of this game
,Recommended,280160,32908479,Posted: 27 June,all,Min,"Beautiful and fun game for the 10 minutes I played it. I would play it more, but my computer sadly is a bit short at the ability to run it. I may not own it after this point, but it is quite enjoyable!"
,Recommended,280160,32882483,Posted: 27 June,all,Tazzba,Didn't cost much to buy this game. Thanks to steam sale. Got this game saw it's game play on YouTube and couldn't wait to get it. Really cool to play this game. No stress. Complete stealth.Really fun to play.
,Recommended,280160,32843347,Posted: 26 June,all,LeX.1705,awesome game... pure stealth.. fun and challenging :D
76561198066192478,Recommended,280160,32848926,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaedankitty_T.TV,"Aragami is a beautiful world that kept me involved from beginning to end.The art style is fantasticThe game allows you to play as a pacifist, sneaking past all the enemies or you can stealth kill each and everyone of them as you go along."
,Recommended,280160,28336118,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,反動漫 sad lad,"Game is absolutely great...when you get past the low FPS in a lot of areas, the terrible camera that literally made me quit playing, as well as the glitches, also including the camera. 6/10"
,Recommended,280160,28319944,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Great Zucchini,"Amazing! One of the best games i've ever played! Great graphics! Great gameplay, and i mean GREAT! So basically, Levels GREAT! Character GREAT! Dialogue GREAT! Bosses GREAT! Game..............................................................................................GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198059544195,Recommended,280160,28523785,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Afromenace,"After the new patch, this great game now has replayability with customizable skins and new difficulties.Get it, make your friend get it, for that sweet, sweet Co-op stealth experience."
,Recommended,280160,28523827,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,bassbinders,"i loved the game, good sound track, bosses, stealth gameplay an ending."
,Recommended,280160,28030985,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPI,"I absolutely loved Dishonored as well as Dishonored 2, particularly for the abilities that you could utilize. This game is similar in the sense that it also boasts having different abilities and, I must say, it does so rather well. Being somewhat hesitant at first to buy it, I think the gameplay and control was done really well and I feel like it was a very fluid way of controlling things.Story wise, I loved it. While some may complain that memory loss is an overused trope, I could care less as long as it used well and I think this game did a pretty good job of doing it.The ascetics of this game are also certainly very charming, using something like a cell-shaded environment that plays a lot with shadows. I think the usage of shadows as the core component in the stealth aspect of the game was very intriguing and definitely a unique take.The only 'complaint' I would have is that the AI for this game isn't perfect all the time in some situations. Some of the boss fights were also a little buggy and weird, but to some extent that added to the challenge and the feeling of satisfaction from beating it rather than creating a sense of despair."
76561198098056037,Recommended,280160,27954300,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Raxtor,"Aragami is a stealth based game which attempts to return to the roots of the classics.  While it borrows its main teleportation mechanic from Dishonored, the way it uses its environments and story make it a unique experience which is sure to please dihard stealth fans as well as those simply wishing to kill everything in their path.If I had to give it any criticisms, they would be that some computers can't run it and that (like most modern stealth games) buying the sight power is pretty much mandatory to run through the game the first time.Overall, it's definatly a game i'd reccomend"
76561198046334196,Recommended,280160,28715590,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Babadook Canterbury,"Did i enjoy Aragami? Hell yeah. The stealth mechanics are solid, it's always clear whether you are in the shadows or bright light allowing for sneaking about to be simple but still challenging due to the placement of shadows later in the game. The guards are well placed with interesting dialogue providing some background info for the story and allowing moments of nail-biting terror of whether you can teleport out of sight of a guard in time, especially on pacifist runs. High replayability due to the option of play styles. You can sneak through undetectedm, leaving no bodies or blood behind you or you can butcher the population of a small city. The lack of a mid-range reward however is annoying, it's all or nothing when it comes to rewards for kills in a level. The guards walking paths can go wrong sometimes and cause them to turn sharply when walking in a straight line, get stuck on boxes or sometimes simply stand still and swivel.The art style of the game is lovely with amazing views from vantage points from which to plan a route through the level. The kill everyone approach for some levels requires certain upgrades to be achievable and the tutoialisation is apalling for this game. It doesn't tell you how to spend skill points on upgrades or how to use some abilities. the cape on Aragami's back (showing your power gauge) has a habit of wrapping round itself leaving you with no idea about how many ability uses or shadow essence you have left, leaving you high and dry for teleporting and shadow making sometimes.The various character skins are a nice addition adding extra rewards for certain playstyles for yet more replayability.Pros:Solid stealth mechanicsInteresting dialogue and storyFun upgrades that never make you feel overpoweredVarious challenge modes for different play stylesCons:Short game, about 7-10 hours for an easy mode playthrough to 100%Frustrating detection rates on higher difficultiesPoor quality boss fights, basically the Mr Freeze boss from Arkham City with annoying minionsUnclear goals with non-updating mission hintsAragami is a game that tries is hardest to be fun, mysterious and challenging and succeeds almost every time. If the issues i mentioned are cleaned up then it would definitely be one of my top games of the year. A good 9/10."
76561198253401818,Recommended,280160,28696137,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Digital Owl,"I remember playing the Tenchu games years ago, the last one being on the xbox 360. This game reminds me of the series. It is a fun game to play if you are into stealth games. Worth the purchase and hope the developers add even more content to this hidden-gem."
76561198006880062,Recommended,280160,28700924,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Clockwork,"I was thinking about how I used to play the Tenchu games when I was younger, and was looking for a similar game. Initially, I was sceptical of Aragami because it wasn't the classical ninja/stealth game, and it had fantasy elements. However, after I started playing, I realized that the fantasy elements give Aragami it's own unique strength. I've been enjoying the game quite a bit so far."
76561198257711797,Recommended,280160,28688369,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DankTrank,this game is the best and it's really good training if you want to be good at sniper it test your reaction time and click time anf accuracy
76561198084488549,Recommended,280160,28693325,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,laith_tiger999,"the best stealth game ever, and finally not a boring one"
76561197992054913,Recommended,280160,29237181,Posted: 13 January,all,Fodder,"Excellent game! Lots of replay value. The controls can feel a bit ""delayed"" or ""clunky"" at times. But that caveat is completely overshadowed by the overall gameplay. It's very immersive, and I found the story line to be interesting.One thing you should be aware of is that there is one ""gatekeeper"" jumping puzzle that I found more than a little ""challenging!"" If you dislike jumping-puzzles, as I do, the appearance of this one is pretty shocking and totally out of character with the rest of the game. Fortunately, however, the designers appear to have realized that a certain ""frustration threshold"" is not good! So, if you can't get past this stupid thing after some number of tries, the next time you start up the game into that spot, the spinning disks will be halted, and the spinning light swords will not exist. Then you can easily jump up past the thing and get by it. GOOD thinking on the part of the devs. I otherwise hate ""gatekeeper"" things that halt progression.Of special note is that the designers really got right the way ""success"" is tallied up. You can play high-chaos or high-stealth, and you are rewarded regarding how successful you are in either approach. For example, if you decide to kill guards, you get (significant) extra score for killing ALL of the guards on the map.The maps feel very open and expansive, not like you have to approach your objectives in any particular way. And the increasing powers available to you feel, well, powerful! The additional powers as you progress mean that there's enough range of different sorts of capabilities you can employ, that you will be able to fit your particular game-play style.Multiplayer (co-op) is also really well handled, and you can build characters that complement each other if you play with friends. Once you max out all the powers, you can still adopt play styles that are complimentary. And the maps are the same whether you're playing co-op or single-player. It's not like so many games in which there's one ""campaign"" for single-player and something completely different for co-op. Those, to me, always seem stilted.In short, this is a very well-conceived and well-executed game that is extremely immersive as long as you linger in its ""shadow world."" :-)You can't go wrong for the $14 I paid, that's for sure."
76561198167116053,Recommended,280160,32680847,Posted: 23 June,all,oh ffs,"This is so much fun in co-op mode! Beautiful game and love the music. Trick is to get the special skill that allows you to locate scrolls early game, so you get more skill points."
76561197985477129,Recommended,280160,32697864,Posted: 23 June,all,zewen,One of the best stealth games I've played
,Recommended,280160,32702175,Posted: 23 June,all,⎛꧁unForgiven꧂⎞,feels like a real ninja if you'rnt using nvidia GeForce gt 730
,Recommended,280160,27977717,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rikku,This game was really fun! 2 player online coop is recommended!
,Recommended,280160,32691084,Posted: 23 June,all,Rowa,"the visuals are very nice, this game is lit thanks !"
,Recommended,280160,32826225,Posted: 26 June,all,Krasimir Filippovich,Amazing Indie Stealth Game. Wish it was longer :3
,Recommended,280160,33057272,Posted: 30 June,all,cowpies,Short but enjoyable.
76561198064361175,Recommended,280160,33060154,Posted: 30 June,all,Compressed salt,"I saw the game, saw the trailer, and bought the game. I can safely say I wasn't disappointed. In fact, this might just be one of my favorite games.+Amazing soundtrack+Great story+Great animations+Nice steath mechanics+LOVELY artstyle+The game is just right in lenght (took me 8 hours to beat the game)+Replayability+Coop+/- The game is in Japanese with subtitles in many other languages. Some people don't really like that, but I do, so for me this is a plus.+/- The game can be rage inducing at times. Some people like it, some don't, I do, so this is a plus for me as well.+/- One shot both when you attack and when you get attacked.- The camera can be janky. ( I mainly saw this in the later levels.)- The AI can be inproved.- The enemies have some weird ""blocking"" mechanic that you can't predict.This game was WAY more fun that I thought it would be. I love it. 9/10 please make a sequel."
,Recommended,280160,33167118,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkVenger,BEST GAME EVER!BEAUTIFUL!INTENSE!ENJOY!
76561198167400135,Recommended,280160,33206236,Posted: 3 July,all,Hussain_1415,good game over
76561198025272709,Recommended,280160,33687004,Posted: 20 July,all,Matt D,Really enjoyed the multiplayer campain!!
,Recommended,280160,33621187,Posted: 17 July,all,twitch.tv/v0celot,Loved to play that game with my best friend in co-op mode.But we unfortunately had it with all skins through in 2 nights...Would be great if there's a continuation
,Recommended,280160,33664529,Posted: 19 July,all,Ao,Super sweet game. two approaches to the maps kill nothing or everything without getting seen love stealth games like splinter cell etc can recommend this !
,Recommended,280160,33571306,Posted: 15 July,all,Gloriam Louis Armstrong,Quite a lot of fun as a co-op game.
76561198053312718,Recommended,280160,33572042,Posted: 15 July,all,ANDYANDERS,"Tangling story, I personally really enjoyed it and gameplaywise its just awesome, one of the best stealth games i ever played."
76561198006937761,Recommended,280160,33570084,Posted: 15 July,all,Kromoton,"Thus far I've taken great enjoyment in playing Aragami. Whilst there are still a few bugs and areas to improve, it remains a fun and challenging stealth game. I do hope there will be a sequel that has a bit more intricate story and more levels. The length of the levels is fine, challenging at times, but fine. And the soundtrack, spot on."
,Recommended,280160,33572860,Posted: 15 July,all,ArchangelX,"An incredibly beautiful game with amazing yet simple visuals combined with a sumptuous soundtrack and a decent storyline.I enjoyed every bit of it and althugh the game felt a little too short, the ending was worth it.  I highly recommend this if you are a stealth fan. It's a must buy, especially for the price."
,Not Recommended,280160,33544856,Posted: 14 July,all,Akhlys,"I would give this 5/10It would have been a fine game. The jumping from shadow to shadow was nice, as were some other abilities. It does have quite a few problems that make it look unpolished at least.For example, for a game where sneaking is your main way of moving, as all enemies kill you in one hit with quite a distance, you can't hug walls or look around corners better than with just the third person camera.The twist in the story is painfully obvious and can be guessed just 20 minutes in. Skip this paragraph if you don't want this spoiler but believe me, it will be no surprise. Least the game could have done was ""your"" side being the light clan and the ones you fight against being the shadow one, so that the twist would have been a bit more of a surprise, though it would still have been obvious.The level design is nice enough, but there's never any hidden path for you to follow to emerge behind enemies. In fact, there's no ""behind"" as at least 80% of he enemies constantly walk around.The speakers seem to be japanese, which I don't understand, or a made up language for all I know, but there's no way the subtitles in any way fits what was said. Some times the subtitles are paragraphes and what was said are 3 words. It would have been better without any voice, really.You can distract enemies, but only with bells you carry, since aparently, you can't even throw stones. You gotta be pretty near for them to hear the bells, so the best way to distract enemies is to just stand out in the open until they got suspicious and the teleport to a shadow, that works with larger distances.The graphics are stylisch and look nice, but objectively, they're quite dated. A tree without leaves, for example, has as many polygons as it would have had in an AAA game 10 years or more ago. The graphics never distracted me, so that is good, but I thought I should mention it.But all of that could have been forgiven, it wasn't a story dense game anyway and mainly fun to play, which is after all the main point of any game. A game can look the greatest ever and still be crap if it isn't fun to play, and a game can look like undertale and still be fun.. save for 4 mayor points that really transform the game from ""fun but not great"" to ""frack this game"". In order of severity:1. No quick way to kill. You get two ways to kill enemies, a normal attack and a shadow attack which you have to unlock. both of these take about 2 seconds (with initiation of the shadow one being an additional second). There's no way at all to swoop in, kill an enemy, flee. In a game where the paths and vision cones of the enemies often interlock and you have to go in in the short time an enemy is free, that is a real flaw. In fact, killing takes so long, in case you alerted the enemies and they go searching you, and one wanders off from the rest.. The search party will probably have come in range again and spotted you by the time you finally killed him, meaning whenever they search you, you can do nothing but hide. The only quicker way is the aerial attack but that one's pretty bugged, see 2.2. No other ways to kill and no way to dispose nonviolently. One enemy at a time, always the same way, two different animations every time. There's no way to kill two that stand right next to each other, there's no way to use the environment to do it. You can, in fact, drop on an enemy to kill him, but that function is so bugged that I often had to run around a ledge several times until I finally found a spot to do it. There's an unlockable ability to kill enemies on a ledge from below, but I had not yet had any chance to use this, as enemies below climbable ledges are really rare. I don't think I saw even one since I bought that ability.Not a single way to dispose of an enemy without killing him. Even stealthy games that gave you the option to run and gun instead, like Deus Ex, had options to take an enemy out of the game without killing him. That means on a no-kill run, you have to run away all the time, making it really not much fun to play.3. The bosses are absolutely unfair. The whole game you've trained yourself to hide in the shadow and sneak and plot your path. Both bosses before the end one have a sixth sense to know exactly where you are. Disappointing but still kinda fine with the first one, as he rather slowly just walks in your direction and does not attack until he actually saw you, so you can stay far away from him until you dispatched the other enemies in the area.The second boss though is a sniper sitting in a tall tower that sees you as soon as you are in line of sight, no matter if in the shadows or not, and teleports to a different tower as soon as you get too near. This was OK at first, as you leaped from cover to cover up to the tower, but later, normal enemies were introduced. Because there's no way of quickly dispatching of an enemy (see 1), killing someone that is in line of sight of the sniper results in your death, and since you usually teleport to a shadow near the enemy, you often only know it was when it's already too late. A shadow patch looks ideal to kill the enemy so you teleport there? too bad the sniper can see you. If that wasn't enough, there is a thunderstorm going on, so even if you are in shadow and out of line of sight of the sniper, a lightning will reveal your position to every nearby normal enemy, and one happens every few seconds. This is means pretty much no place can be used to recharge your shadow ability without getting spottet.The end boss is laughably easy in comparison, managed it the second time and only failed the first because I had no idea what to do, while ol' sniperboss needed something in the ballpark of 15 tries.4. The saving system. All of the other points could have been really reduced in severity if this one wasn't there. The game has no quicksave. In fact, it has no manual save at all. All you have is an autosave, and the save points are really few and far between. Exit the game and start it later again? Back to the start of the level even if there were save points in between. Made your way through undetected, killed tens of enemies, and one of the last one sees and kills you? Though luck, you start again at the start of the level because there never was a save point, which may have been 20 mins or more ago.This is particularly rage inducing in the case of an enemy like the second boss above. Sure, that one saves after you stormed the hill, before other enemies were introduced.. but then you go to the next tower, really slowly, killing everything in your wake, reach it, go towards the next tower, teleport behind an enemy that you're sure is still out of line of sight (you can't be sure as you can't see sniper yourself).. well tough luck, he wasn't, you are kill and you can start again at the place other enemies were introduced, before the first tower. And if you somehow managed to survive that, there's a third area full of normal enemies (as many as a normal level) in addition to a superbly positioned sniper boss.This was so infuriating that I pretty much gave up any 'good' way to play this game and just pretty much ran past enemies, giving no sht if they spotted me or not.Let me save whenever I want, if the game gets too easy then, well that's on me, isn't it? Or at least distribute the save points a bit more than uncle scrooge distributes free money."
76561198073454068,Recommended,280160,33462560,Posted: 11 July,all,The_Soulforged,"In a nutshell: You like stealth games - buy.The setting is beautiful, the soundtrack also and it´s definitly fun to play.Fair enough there are minor things that should be noted. There CAN be still some small framedrops regardless of hardware. But it happened only very few times so im fine with that. The last 2 chapters might seem a bit unfair at first glance and you will probably rage BUT you actually just face a true challenge. Honestly you´re quite OP when you have unlocked a few skills and faceroll nameless guards like a shredder. But at the end you come against foes that are just as broken op as you so git gut."
76561198157130952,Recommended,280160,33528593,Posted: 13 July,all,Eternal 5,Kill. Get killed. Repeat
76561198202207783,Recommended,280160,33593070,Posted: 16 July,all,XilenaT,Fun game to play with your partner.
76561198186040531,Recommended,280160,33603213,Posted: 17 July,all,VapidBuffalo,the game is very good
,Recommended,280160,33896351,Posted: 29 July,all,bitworm,Really fun game. Good co-op.
76561198130991318,Recommended,280160,33893118,Posted: 29 July,all,mahax666,"i was very hesitant to play this game ,after playing it i found myself really enjoying the gameplay better then i did tenchu i hope the devs expand on it much more but all in all this game is very addictive and cause gf aggro i give it a big thumbs up even though i didnt get laid for a week it was worth it :)"
,Recommended,280160,33923121,Posted: 31 July,all,Stray Cat,"The only thing i hate is that the main character is unable to take more than 1 hit if detected,,,,"
,Recommended,280160,33919615,Posted: 30 July,all,Nimish,"This is honestly such a good stealth game. The mechanics and abilities that you use to efficiently sneak past and/or murder your enemies are incredibly fresh and satisfying. Movement is superbly fluid but is kept in check so as to not let the player be too OP.The only downsides are the horrid mo-cap during cutscenes and the fact that I could barely keep all of the story mode characters straight. The script is a bit haphazard and difficult to follow, and I'm sure if I were to pour over the written dialogue now that I've finished the game, the ending would probably have a much more meaningful impact.All-in-all, if you want a truly fantastic and enjoyable stealth game, this is it."
76561198077068082,Recommended,280160,33963655,Posted: 1 August,all,JinJoxx,"I really enjoyed this game. The stealth is fun and challenging, and the story got pretty good at the end of story mode. I also love the level editing aspect of the game. I just wish more people would play online, because I have no one to do co-op with, and it would really be nice if more skins were added to the game."
,Recommended,280160,34571693,Posted: 29 August,all,Spooks?,"A solid co-op experience. It plays like a modern first-person stealth game (think Dishonored or if Thief wasn't awful these days.) It's got a nice art style, but it isn't always consistent with it in the environments. The level design is often clever, giving you a wide variety of ways to utilize your abilities to get around the enemies and interesting paths through seemingly simple arenas. Some times you'll work to eliminate all of the enemies in an area to make the level easier to figure out, others you'll try to avoid the guards and traverse as quickly as you can because there are just enough variables to make you panic. It's a well paced and designed game with only a few hang-ups. Some of the areas look somewhat bland, not a terrible or recurring problem, but it does happen. Some of the areas get a little repetitive, as well. The story was also lackluster, but overall it's fine. It keeps the game moving.Excellent game, 4/5"
,Recommended,280160,34447653,Posted: 23 August,all,D:,I love stealth and this game is addictive.
76561198376751130,Recommended,280160,34464274,Posted: 24 August,all,StickyJoe,(thumbs up)
76561198161529596,Recommended,280160,34464405,Posted: 24 August,all,Red hood,This game starts out like a stealth game with superpowers. But then it grows more emotial and beautifull. 10/10 Would recommed
76561198093077607,Recommended,280160,34466543,Posted: 24 August,all,mrutyunjayagadanayak,"Love it, Works great on my linux  too."
76561198095868238,Recommended,280160,34602232,Posted: 30 August,all,DragonFlame,"Awesome game, and its pretty short it took me about 7 hours to beat.The story isn't the selling point as is it pretty cliche. The gameplay is fun, teleporting behind people and stealth killing them never gets old. Now, the character is slow the game isnt fast paced. The rpg elements were a novelty.All in all, would recommend."
76561198260198364,Recommended,280160,34003516,Posted: 3 August,all,SmittenKitten69,"I highly recommend this game. Now I come from a background of horrible reaction time. With this information this assassin game was very immersive and the combat style was cinematic to say the least, also the graphics where brillinant on their own and quite similiar to Abzu."
,Recommended,280160,34094845,Posted: 7 August,all,Rickys Dicky,"i have lot of fun playing this game, its whole atmosphere is just great and i find it fun to be able to teleport through and create shadows. one thing im not a fan of is the whole scroll thing, i think its pretty annoying to have to take extra time to find scrolls to get new abilitites, i feel like they should just be a award for progressing. im also not a fan of how the game is mostly puzzling, but wth those cons in play, i still think this game is worth its money and an addicting minigame."
76561198073602146,Recommended,280160,34277936,Posted: 16 August,all,tang,"An excellent little pure stealth game. Cohesive level design and some truly amazing boss battles with a surprisingly good story. A little rough around the edges, I presume because of limited budget, but definitely worth a go if you like stealth."
,Recommended,280160,34278412,Posted: 16 August,all,Halflight,"Aragami is a stealth-based game developed by Lince Works. The player takes control of the titular Aragami, a vengeful spirit summoned by young girl Yamiko to avange her family and people from the tyrannical Army of Light controlling the whole country with an iron fist.Aragami is a pure, challenging, stick-to-the-shadows kind of stealth-based videogame: as your playable character takes only a single hit before being killed off, you must be careful to navigate the various levels while evading all the enemies and conceal yourself in the shadows in order not to be seen. Shadows play a huge part in Aragami, since the protagonist's abilities are all related to shadows (like teleporting from one shadow to another or create a shadowy duplicate to hold your enemies' attention) and you can recharge their uses by hiding in the dark. On this front, Aragami manages to be a rather good stealth-based game: walking around your foes to reach your current objective at times require a lot of thinking and carefully manuvering, and the opposition you face will become trickier and trickier to bypass the more you progress through your mission.The Story Mode of the game is made of 13 chapters where you must for the most part lead Aragami from the beginning of the area to the next one, with at times some items recovery assignments. This mode also features two interesting boss fights and collectables in the form of scrolls you must collect in order to gather skill points and acquire new abilities or improve the ones you already got. The plot of the game in itself is admittedly simple enough, but it's very interesting and ends with a nice plot twist and a final act that really makes it shine. At the end of each chapter you'll recive a score based on your performance and may unlock certain medals (because you actually didn't kill anyone in the level, for instance).Aragami also features a Mission Mode where you can play your map of choice with the desired complexity and difficulty. There's also a SteamS workshop where people can create their own, highly customized missions for the other players to download and complete. The game also features a Multiplayer Mode, but, at the very least at the time of this writing, finding an open match to jump into is nearly impossible, so I couldn't possible vouche for it.Despite being an indie title, Aragami is an incredibly solid stealth-based game with a fair amount of longevity if you really want to milk it for all its worth, by for istance keep playing custom missions or improve your scores and medals gains in the various chapters of the Story Mode"
76561198053684621,Recommended,280160,34269882,Posted: 15 August,all,alterpha,"I've heard some people compare this to Tenchu...ummm, nope, not even remotely close. This game is not bad, but there are a few things that get to be annoying, and somewhat confusing. Firstly, it sucks that if and when you die, you go back to the beginning of the area. This gets to be a pain quickly. Secondly, ok, you are playing as a shadow spirit right? But, if you land on some objects they collapse under you? That's one very heavy shadow...so, to me, this aspect is quite silly.An actual map would be nice too.Otherwise it's pretty good, it's challenging,it's not broken, the graphics are nice, the music is very cool as well. The thing that you have to be mindful of is pacing yourself, if you want to find all of the goodies, then you cannot get forced into racing towards your objective. If you do that you will miss secret  areas,scrolls, etc...It's a fun game with replay ability and a community to keep it going forward."
,Recommended,280160,34377472,Posted: 20 August,all,JayJay Tracer,"It's a good game and realy fun, but the custom-mission-creator is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ And a lot of hitboxes and enemy-behaviors are buggy and broken."
76561198157792777,Recommended,280160,33890947,Posted: 29 July,all,Music hellcase.com,You need a good pc :(
,Recommended,280160,33957416,Posted: 1 August,all,Pitstop365,A vvery well made game. My computer would crash when played for a long time. I recommend it.
,Recommended,280160,33957670,Posted: 1 August,all,A Sexually Deprived 5 year old,"I wish there were more levels, good thing there is a level editor lol. This game is good, but the AI needs a lot of work. They can see you in the shadows from quite far away and also do a 180 when you teleport behind them when they notice you, killing you instantly which I don't understand because how would they know exactly where you teleported. Overall, good game and I recommend it but the AI needs work."
,Recommended,280160,32748094,Posted: 24 June,all,Raven,"I have loved stealth games ever since MGS1.  I have loved Co-Op Stealth Games since Splintercell Conviction.  This game is definitely one of the top ones for me on the stealth genre.  Play it with a friend and work together, you wont regret it.  This game is very well balanced in that you can't go in 'Swords-a-Slashing' and all the abilities are really cool.  I would highly recommend this game and if they come out with another I will not hesitate to add that one to my collection as well.  Good Job devs."
,Recommended,280160,25865859,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AcidGhoul,"Been having a really fun time with this game. I enjoy it because it reminds me of tenchu games back in the day. I really like the atmosphere of the game, well worth the 19 dollars. I love stealth games like this. If you enjoy ninjas and stealth this is a great game. :D"
,Recommended,280160,35137234,Posted: 22 September,all,""". . .""","Kind of facts are ahead just read:+You can get killed with a single hit, So you really have to be careful about what you do.+Even though the game is a stealth game, and you can get killed with a single hit, we both know you'll at least try once to not stalk in the shadows and kill everyone as fast as possible in plain sight with the risk of being dead in 5 seconds. It is hard to do that early on in the game, but not impossible. And makes you feel like possibly the most badass ninja ever.+There are skins which can only be unlocked by completing certain achivements such as ""Dont get seen"" or "" Don't kill anybody"" or ""Kill everyone"", which, if you want to %100 this game, adds a lot of replayability.+An interesting plot. While it's not anything special, It's still a good one. The story is pretty obvious though. You know., you'll get it while playing the first 2 or 3 levels.+A co-op mode! I have not played it yet. But thinking about it, It fits in very good. If you have a friend with you, Play the game in co-op, not singleplayer.+The Art Style is just perfect for this game. I can't even imagine anything diffrent than this for Aragami.+While it's not something that you would listen to outside of the game, the soundtrack is perfect.+Killing is very satisfying. Not killing is also very satisfying. (Did I spell ""satisfying"" wrong? I probably did)+There is a level editor in the game. And no, It's not a super duper ultra mega good one. But hey, it's still there, you can use it or you can play other people's levels. (I'll change the part about the level editor not being too good if it gets changed in the future)+Developers do reply.+The made-up language in Aragami feels so natural. It feels like a real language that you just don't know $h!t  about. But it still keeps the feeling that it's not real. I also have to say that Voice actors did a really good job.+Oh, I can't believe I forgot to tell you that there are diffrent possible routes and hidden scrolls that you can collect (Which if you find one, gives you an ability point).++++++Who should buy it?+++People who enjoy stealth games,+++People that just want to feel like a badass ninja+++People looking to have some fun with their friend.+++People who saw this game on sale.+++Your momEhem, I mean you, ehem.++++++++++Overall it's a really good game. I dont really see a problem with it so yeah, have a 10/10 I guess. Oh wait! Yamiko's boobs should have been 2 inches bigger. Now, that's a fatal mistake. So Aragami get's a 9.99/10 from me."
76561198012484398,Recommended,280160,35193895,Posted: 24 September,all,Crazysinnester,"Absolute fantastic game, Multiplayer is dead no games to join at all, but story is great visuals are gorgeous hope to see a second Aragami or a huge expansion as this game finished its story but would love for them to continue it somehow"
76561198209456339,Recommended,280160,35162779,Posted: 23 September,all,lJadedl,"I love this game. A great atmosphere, a nice gameplay, If you like this genre, it is a must to play it!"
76561198271912395,Recommended,280160,35157235,Posted: 23 September,all,E1NH3RJ4R,"Great game! Enough said.-Beautiful art-Smooth and fun gameplay-Great soundtrackIf you love stealth games, this is a MUST, the only downside is that it is a campaign-based game, but it has great replayability (thanks to the wide range of EPIC ♥♥♥♥ING DARK MAGIC ABILITIES that they give you, such as SUMMONING A ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGON/SNAKE). The lore itself is pretty basic, but aesthetic with the Eastern-style setting, I like that B)I recommend getting it on a sale, because I know for a fact that this game isn't everyone's cup of tea (a true shame, because I personally enjoy the hell out of it). Depends on how creative you are, because your creativity is the only limit in this game. You can replay the same levels ten thousand times in ten thousand ways and still have fun, not to mention, you can bring your friends into the fun as well! (I play with my friend a lot, and it's fun as hell!)SO yeah, definitely a recommend."
76561198010360700,Recommended,280160,35449328,Posted: 3 October,all,SuarezBitMyDad,"Fun game so far, there is just one thing that drives em crazy and that is there are no checkpoints and you cant manually save, so when you go trough the whole level just to die to one enemey at the end you have to restart from the beginning. And that just is really annoying because most of the time you are waiting for an enemy to patroll to the right spot and now you have to wait all over again."
