user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,280180,32615317,Posted: 21 June,all,Unicornly,"I love this game and have barely stopped playing it since I got it.Positives:The community is fantastic. Most servers you end up on, if you ask for help then someone will answer. Of course there's always the odd place where no one talks, but just wait until later in the day or try to switch servers, and you'll find some people who will help you as much or as little as you need. It's also pretty easy to re-connect with people you met previously - I've made loads of great friends and usually see at least one of them every time I open the game!Gameplay is fun, there's a huge variety of missions, it's pretty addictive, and just overall I can't put this game down.Online mode is the best part of this; I never thought I'd prefer it to solo mode, but nearly all the missions can be completed with other people if you're struggling. The game gets hard in places, but you need never struggle when Online mode is just a click away! (Except the grind race in the sewers. That one is bull, and no one can save you from that.)Negatives:The 'main ending' is a bit disappointing. However, for those who really want a better ending... there is a way to get it ;) The final mission is also complete bull, and the best way to beat it is either cheese the AI, or gather together about 5 people online to brute force it. Some of the other missions seem equally impossible to get medals on, without an online army.There are bugs. It's fun when you fall through the world after collecting a gamegirl in some hidden corner of the map. The final area was so laggy that it crashed me the first time, and the second time I had to face backwards until I got deeper into the map. But, the glitchy areas are actually useful for finding cool arenas to play custom gameball or races, and the devs are always putting out updates to fix the major bugs. Several things were broken when I started playing, and two weeks later they were working perfectly. You just might need to play on very low quality if you have a computer that wasn't really built for gaming, like mine.A lot of people pirate the game. This is nothing the devs can fix, but it gets sadder every day seeing the number of people with their name in red text increase (something the devs put in to show off & shame the pirates). Please buy this game - the 50+ hours of fun it's already given me are well worth the cost (though a sale discount never hurts)."
,Recommended,280180,17401318,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DanielAgnelli,"> Joined a server> Finds a developer> Stalks developer> Developer asks what I'm doing> I ask developer for free food> Developer leads me to a giant cheeseburger10/10 Would stalk againHonestly though Hover is a pretty fun game, overall worth $20 in the state that it's in? I think so, just note that there is going to be a lack of content for now and there are going to be glitches, lots of glitches, and the performance could be better. But it is overall is a very fun game, especially if you like games like Jet Set Radio or Mirror's Edge."
,Recommended,280180,32078966,Posted: 30 May,all,Destrola,There is no doubt in my mind that this is the spiritual successor to Jet Set Radio and has definately made that niche genre its own.
,Recommended,280180,23546948,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Squid Squid,"Story time!So I bought this way back when it came out cause it looked awesome and it did but I had a MAC at the time.Fast forward two-ish years and I have a good computer for gaming and I say to my friend Ryan hey lets play this together since we never did. We get in find eachother and a random guy asks if we are new.Seeing no harm in this we answer ""Yep we finally got around to playing it!"" guys like ""Cool would you like me to show you around?"" ♥♥♥♥ yeah helpfull community right off the bat! So this Omnillo Sensei as I now called him shows us around for an hour and a bit teaching uis tricks how to play tag and a ball game in a stadium.Super chill guy I hope to see him again because alas its time to stop, so we say our goodbyes to this once stranger I now call sensei and me and ryan close the game. I send to him over steam chat since ingames no longer. ""Man I don't know who he was but hes super helpfull and chill I'm so glad he showed us around because that was ♥♥♥♥♥ons of fun!""Jokingly I say ""Hehe~ next time we see him well be top tier and he'll reveal himself as a designer of the game.""""..."" Ryan pauses.""Dude he is."" then a pause. ""I reckognize his name from the kickstarter.""Mind goddamn blown. 10/10For taking your precious time in testing to show around two newbies and showing them a great time.Thank you Sensei."
,Recommended,280180,15258990,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CaughtNappin,"This is one of those games that I saw when it was announced like 2 years ago, and have been following it ever since the beginning. This was a dream game for me. I love parkour games like Mirrors Edge, and Jet Set Radio is my favorite franchise ever. So this mis match of those 2 games was a euphoric expierence.Now that this game has been out for over 2 years now, I can say I've seen this game blossom into something really great. The community and the devs that work on this game are amazing. Everyone is so nice and helpful. There's a lot of things to do in the game, over 90 missions to do in 4 big areas. The 9 characters play differently to the point where you'll wanna max out every single one of them. The chip progression system helps you create the ultimate gamer. The music in this game ranges from monotonous to bangin. The game is not without it's flaws, like the various glitches you can run into sometimes, but overall if you like parkour and running games, then this game will be right at home for you."
,Recommended,280180,32099424,Posted: 31 May,all,Luno Myr,"I waited for this to come out of early access, and oh my god was it worth the wait.Despite having the worst subtitle in the history of video games (seriously, consider cutting it down to just ""Hover"" so I don't have to feel embarrassed  to tell the name to my friends), Hover has the most fun movement that I've felt in a video game since... I don't know, possibly ever.I haven't played it for long yet, but I can already tell that it's absolutely worth the money because it's so much fun to playwithouta goal or objective. Seriously, I've spent about half my time in the game so far just jumping around and it is so much fun. If you're a fan of Jet Set Radio, parkour, or even snowboarding games of old like SSX, you'll love this game.Not only does it feel super fluid and rewarding, but the animations are absolutely top notch. The characters have some of the best animation blending I've ever seen--each movement blends seemlessly into the next, giving everything you do an impressive, fluid look that is just an absolute joy to behold.Seriously, though...lose the subtitle. It's so cringey, I can barely handle it. Maybe it wasn't quite as bad in 2014 when the Kickstarter happened, but the identity of ""gamer"" has really gone way downhill and is pretty much flat-out gross in 2017. Self-identified ""gamers"" online are mostly immature idiots who equate their hobby to a way of life and it's really just super icky. Please, please change the subtitle, ugh."
,Recommended,280180,32123135,Posted: 1 June,all,Steevious,Lúcio the game.
,Recommended,280180,32081281,Posted: 31 May,all,HeOfManyGames,"Hover: Revolt of Gamers was a very pleasant surprise. I'd been waiting some time for an open world game specifically focused on parkour, and other than mirrors edge catalyst, there were very few good options. Hover however changes all that. Its not perfect and its not quite finished , but what is there more than justifies the price.The Good bits-* Great sense of speed/movement*Large open world areas to explore*Collectibles and side activities to keep you busy*Missions are sufficiently challenging*Graphics look pretty good on high-max settings* VERY well optimized (Runs at stable 57fps at very high settings on my 6 year old budget gaming rig)* Feeling your character get faster/more agile with upgrades is very satisfying* Soundtrack is pretty good , I imagine very good if you're 'into' that kind of music*Good amount of content - 2 large open world maps, over 90 missions etc.*City feels somewhat 'alive' thanks to small details, NPC's, lots of lights and moving objects etc.*Simple controls that are easy to pick up* 'Rewind' function is a brilliant feature which prevents a lot of frustration but never makes things too easyThe Not so good bits-*Character customisation is basic at this time*Very little navigation or objective help, meaning in some missions its hard if not impossible to know what you're meant to do without using google/forums*I've only been playing for 7 hours, but my character is already level 9/10....  low level cap?*No mini-map or party system, meaning staying with your friends is difficult, and finding specific areas requires you to memorise the map's layoutOverall I really like Hover and would recommend it to anyone in an instant, but with that being said , there are still quite a few tweaks required before it will reach its full potential. So given that the game was made by an extremely small team and presumably on a fairly low budget, I'd say job bloody well done guys! :)*Post Release Update*The release day update for Hover has of course further improved the game; adding pets, different graffiti options, new upgrades, better mission structure and an excellent new open world map. The update also includes many other things I havent come across yet, so all the more reason to buy the game!"
,Recommended,280180,31207750,Posted: 17 April,all,"You, But Stronger","It has Hideki Naganuma's music in it.There is no game on Steam I can recommend more than this.Pros+Hideki Naganuma+Great visual presentation+Despite being a team of 3, devs push out regular, big updates+Several large areas you could spend a lot of time exploring+Lots of missions, collectible items, and easter eggs that fill the world+Crap ton of character customization+Multiple gamemodes (races, gameball, chases, police avoidance, even graffiti mode for the Jet Set Radio fans like me)+Fantastic community! In all my time playing, not a single toxic word has been said by anyone that I've seen. Everyone is here to make friends and have fun, and it makes the game all the better.+MISSION EDITOR! I could spend days on this feature alone, I love it.Cons-When the story mode missions are updated to include more stuff, progress is lost. Don't get me wrong, I still want to play through the updated story, but I'd rather create a new character to do that, and keep my main characters with their higher completion and unlock rate.-Sometimes custom missions can be lost when the game is updated as well.-While I really like the new map, and I think it's leagues better than the old one, I still wish they'd bring the old one back as an extra area, it'd greatly increase the amount of explorable area overall, which would help sales. Not necessarily a con, just a minor wish-list sort of thing from an old player.Pros obviously outweigh the minor cons (they only looks scary because I wrote more about them so the devs can hopefully take them into consideration).It's one of the few early access games that hasn't implemented CS:GO cases and is actually being regularly updated. Try it, the sense of speed, flow, movement, and progression is a ton of fun. You honestly can't go wrong here!"
,Not Recommended,280180,15443392,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lucid,"OUTDATED REVIEW!!!Alright, let me get this out of the way, I am having a ton of fun with this game so far. It's a very colorful, very cool looking, and a very fun game to play. The game gives you freedom to platform and parkour all over (half) a city, with option to do missions (be it races or taking a thing and throwing it into a thing into another thing) to level up and increase the stats of what your character can do. The controls are pretty responsive (I'm playing on a Xbox One controller), it's a bit slippery, but it works because it gives the feeling of momentum, and tells you to slow down if you want to make a good turn or not fall off a building. This game is still in Early Access, and really there are way worse games out there that are in the same catagory, so this feels more complete than other games of its nature.So it saddens me to say that I cannot really recomend people to pay $20 for the game just yet, or if you do, pay attention to what I have to say so you know what you're getting into. While you can attribute to the game being in Early Access (alpha state), then it's most important that I state these flaws now so the devs can improve on the game before it can be considered a full legit game. Also just because it's in early access doesn't mean I can't criticizes it. I payed $20 on this game, I can state the flaws of the product if I want to, plus I have 4+ hours in this game.-No story: The game technically has a story, but it's pretty shallow and doesn't really move forward at all. You are a guy and you wake up in a... place. You are told by some other teens that games have been taken away by the government empire society yadayadayada. It's pretty meh, but it can be presented as fun or tounge in cheek, but it seems a bit half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The 3 members of the revolution are cool looking characters themselves, and each have something of a personality, but it's all told through in game chat boxes with images of the characters. Then some other characters show up with no context and say things, and leave. Really, it seems like the story needs something, like to be there.-Bad FPS: FPS being frames per second. The game has no FPS cap, but from my experience, it's highest is maybe 40. It could be my computor, but the Frame Rate drops considerdably down a lot, to as low as 15 or 10, and with this speedy game, that is a not good thing. Not good at all.-Shallow parkour: The gameplay feels a bit shallow. And by bit I mean a lot. The game is pretty fluid, jumping from wall to wall is good, parkouring all around feels nice, BUT it's basic. And the game has a focus on parkouring, it's in the tag! Other then sliding and jumping for tricks, and super hopping after falling for 167 feet from the air and pressing jump, the game feels like it needs more before it gets pretty stale and repetitive. You can do tricks in the air, but that's just pressing a button, posing, and not much happening. I remember the KickStarter having points in the gameplay, which would have actually made the game feel more fun (like the style meter in the DMC games) but because it's not there, there doesn't seem to be any reward for doing cool stuff other than for the sake for it. And really, this game needs some fun tricks, like pole spinning, or car balancing, or something, anything.-Repetitive missions: I said earlier that there are missions, and I only gave 2 examples. That's because that's the only type of missions of the game. Racing is racing, though there is 3 different types of it. V1 is racing by yourself agaisnt the clock. V2 is you against an AI opponent. V3 is you against someone online. Go through checkpoints, 3 laps, done. They are good in that you have to be clever in figuring out short cuts or how to get to the next point faster, but it's still just racing. The other type is taking an object called the gamerball, which looks like a fat gamecube, and tossing it into an X. You can't do tricks, and you can get lost by following the arrow because stuff can be in the way of the objective. There's also this flying droid that sometimes follows you and shocks you for you to drop the gamerball. It hinders the mission already because what else do I need in a mission where it's easy to get lost in, a droid that makes me drop the maguffin.-Focus too much on online: The game is obvious to be making you go play online with other people and do stuff, which may explain why the game feels so MMO in it's story approch. You are generic guy, here is noob tube, you train, you out of tube, bye-bye! And honestly, being online feels pretty shallow.  Usually people are doing their own thing since there is no real encouragement to go do stuff with other players other than... nothing. So because of this, there seems to be a lack of single player offline care.-$20: It's too pricy right now honestly. For $20, I could of gotten a few games off Steam or GOG or PSN or Origin or Wii U or Xbox Live, go out to see a movie with snacks, buy a cool toy, save up for something special, get a magizine subcription, buy some books. Basically get something complete instead of something not even finished.-Color pallet: If you love/hate orange and blue contrast, you'll love/hate this game. This game presents itself as a colorful throwback to the Sega Dreamcast days, where games were full of color and life. But this game does the cheap orange/blue contrast trick that movies and games trying to be movies do now-a-days. Jet Set Radio did not do the orange/blue trick, it used a nice pallet to give the player something nice and unique to look at. This game sadly does not look unique because of this orange/blue choice.-Lifeless citizens: Holy heck these citizens barely do anything, other than walk. And call me a racist if you want, but they all look the same.-No real threats: Remember the flying shock droid I mentioned earlier? Yeah, he's your only threat, other than cameras that make laser walls that not allow you to go through coridiors, even if you can and will find ways around them. I'm supposed to be part in a team of gaming freedom fighters, but never do I feel like I am one since I never fight anything, or at least GTFO myself away from baddies (like in Jet Set Radio, the game that influenced this game a lot, other than Mirriors Edge, which also had enimies).-Not enough music: Even though this game got some help by the composer of Jet Set Radio, Hideki Naganuma, there is only 2 tunes in this game so far. Basic world music, and racing music. And honestly, it doesn't sound like his style of music. Compare the music in this game to JTS or Sonic Rush, it just sounds way different. Also the 2 tracks have already gotten repetitive. Maybe an ingame radio would be nice, to cycle through songs and stuff.-Level cap too low: Just 10, and I have like 4 or 5 different types of areas I can upgrade, of which 3 points is the highest I can give to each. I'm gonna focus on certain aspects of the charcter growth over others, and be done with it quick, and regret my desicion later.-World layout is forgetable: While it looks nice, the game doesn't really have too many places you can say is memorable, other than the rusty metal shack looking places that are next to each other attacheted to the walls and each other through stuff, and the slime waterfall. This is a huge issue for me, because you can get lost easy in this game, and look as if you're going circles everywhere. This game needs more visually more reconizable local, pinpoints that can make you go ""oh, I remember that place, I know where I am!""-Online issues: It could just be me, but after the most recent update, I can't seem to get online. My wi-fi has been acting not goot recenlty though, so it could just be me.This game has great potential to be one of the most fun and unique parkour games out there to date (what few there are though), but it also can screw that up badly if it doesn't fix these issues ASAP."
76561197998007993,Recommended,280180,15239273,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Valos,A fun sci-fi parkour game that will remind you of jet set radio and mirrors edge.
,Recommended,280180,32152111,Posted: 3 June,all,🍌Mana Banana🍌,"I played about ~8 hours solo and spent a few hours online after that. Solo everything works quite well, but in multiplayer there's a chance that if you're in a mission, it'll just randomly end for seemingly no reason. Additionally, in my experience it's difficult to get people to actually join missions together, for the most part people just kinda go off and do their own thing. The one exception to this would be the sewer, but that's probably just because there's not much else to do but the races/gameball matches in terms of mission content.Ignoring these issues, the actual core gameplay works very well and the 2 open world areas have tons of verticality and room for all your xX420MLGXx parkour needs."
,Recommended,280180,32231559,Posted: 6 June,all,[P] Rock,"I've invested a good chunk of hours into the game, and I feel pretty confident in this review. Hover : Revolt of Gamers isn't Jet Set Radio Future. In some ways, it's actually better. It's a great game and something I'd consider a huge Kickstarter success.There are a lot of comparisons to be made between Hover (and let's be serious, Hover : Revolt of Gamers is a terribly long title) and the cult classic Jet Set Radio, but I'll get to that in the second paragraph. If you're not familiar with Jet Set Radio, it was a game for the Sega Dreamcast that focused on cartoony graphics, groovy sounds, and spraying graffiti while skating around. Jet Set Radio Future was the sequel to that game with faster paced gameplay, simplified mechanics, and a generally better, bigger, and more featured world. Hover borrows heavily from Jet Set Radio Future and Mirror's Edge while mixing in its own flair, and the result is surprisingly polished from such a small developer.If you've already played Jet Set Radio and Future, you would know how Future streamlined gameplay and made everything faster, sleeker, and simpler to do. Hover does that to Future. Hover is a really fast paced racing game with graffiti mechanics, a really whacky alien world, sand box gameplay, RPG-like leveling, and other things. It's also a game designed around internet multiplayer.Hoever uses a lobby-MMO setup, think Vindictus, to drop a few players into the same area and have them do stuff, such as participate in the same races or help each other find secrets (and by the way, there are a lot of tasks and collectibles). Unliked Vindictus, Hover does not instance tasks, so you can watch other players doing their thing or join them instead. The story isn't terribly informative as quests go back and forth, but it comes together later on as a rag-tag group of unlikely heroes overthrow a dictator. The world isn't really at stake here though, and your primary function is to have fun.Fun is where Hover really excels. The soundtrack beating down your eardrums with groovy tunes, the colorful trails that are left by every player in the game, the non-euclidean geometry of the futuristic landscape, those things really pull you in. Once you start leveling a little bit and improving your character, you'll be vaulting over huge distances, running like a gazelle, and hovering with the best of them in no time. What really sets Hover apart is the rewind button though. At any point you can rewind your character back a few seconds to change positioning or recover from a colossal mistake. It's a simple feature, with one or two limitations, but it's an amazingly welcome one. There is zero frustration for small mistakes while exploring, and I never felt like the game was punishing me unreasonably because I could just rewind a couple of seconds if I needed to.Back to fun. Leveling is easy if you just do random things as the sandbox gameplay gives the player a lot of opportunity to do just that, and there are a variety of tasks (quests) to undertake. A lot of them center on racing or going from place to place, but there is also gameball, which is like futuristic rugby, bouncing, infiltration, and so forth. Not everything is available at once, mind, but you can always re-do already completed tasks. You can even make your own races! The environments in the game are also pretty spacious, like the main city hub, and I personally spent hours getting familiar with them just by exploring. Hover comes together in a tidy package with a really visible FUN postage stamp, and that's all that really needs to be said.If you do end up picking up this game, I would suggest you do not rush through the available missions. I think Hover is best played with the spirit of discovery close to your chest; the tutorial leaves a few things out that you have to find out on your own, or ask other players, and as I've mentioned before, there are a lot of collectibles that really push you to look around and explore as much as possible. Hell, you can even skip the tutorial all together if you know how to. As a basic tip, you can ""super bounce"" if you jump from a really high place, then press jump as you're hitting the ground. And don't worry. Your first character will suck at everything at the beginning, but you can change that within a few hours and then stockpile upgrades for any future characters.Since I've mentioned the good, I'll briefly mention the bad, because honestly, there's very little wrong with Hover. So first, bugs. There are still a few of them left. Tasks have a tendency to cancel out for no reason while you're about to score a medal, the game can crash, and some graffiti tags throw ERROR instead of showing their contents. But that's kind of minor stuff that doesn't really take away from the overall enjoyment of the game, and I'm confident just about all of it will be patched out or improved sooner rather than later.I was never really a fan of the character artwork, even during the Kickstarter campaign. Good news for me though, the characters look and animate absolutely gorgeous in the game itself. The CGI models feel plastic in a way, but it's actually a good way. I still don't really like some of the art for the characters, but it's not terribly distracting, and the models completely make up for it. Some things are still missing or need rebalancing in the game itself, as some tasks are far easier than others, with little reason for it being that way, and some characters talked about during the Kickstarter are not available. This is minor stuff though.To finish off, I'm personally interested in the following:Being able to friend people in the game! This one is huge. It's hard to tell who is who, since character names are used instead of account names. I think the devs are already going to do something like this, so I'll just wait and see.Character dancing, like emotes or idle animations. Emotes are already being worked on, but characters in Jet Set Radio had unique dances that really added flavor to the game, and I would love to see this in Hover.More music or ability to play your own music. I love the soundtrack, I really do. I'm even going to buy it after I wright this review. But having more music, especially from the man himself, Hideki Naganuma, would be amazing. Having the same race music play all the time can get pretty repetitive.Character customization. This was a stretchgoal during the Kickstarter, one that wasn't reached, and I'm hoping that if the game does well we'll see this in some capacity as DLC. The game does feel like a lobby-MMO, so I would really like to see greater customization aside height and colors. Bonus points if there's some way to designate which tricks you can do.If you've read my review this far, do yourself a favor and play Hover. I don't think you'll regret it."
,Recommended,280180,15246743,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,{GBSI}One Punch Ace,"Played Mirror's Edge? Enjoyed it? Played Crackdown? Enjoyed the Vibrant Art of it? Played Jet Set Radio? Enjoyed the Hip Vibe it produced? Ever rubbed your nipples with ice cubes until they turned into diamond laced weapons of lethal intent? THEN YOU WILL LIKE.....H-H-H-H-H-OVERRRRRR: REVOLT OOOOOFFFFFF GAMMMEEERRRRSSSSSAAAA!!!!! Play as a weird kid from the future who's face is hidden behind an extremely futuristic google glass, run at high speeds!, jump like alex Mofoing Mercer, Dunk ""gamerballs"" so hard Charles Barkley will be at your feet begging for your good judgement! BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,280180,15240102,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Aphex,"Overview and DescriptionUnlike other reviewers, I'm unfortunately not a backer from the Kickstarter. I got the game today, and as I play more the review will be updated as such. Anyway, let's jump right into the deep end here.This is NEW. I haveneverin my life experienced anything like it. The way the gaming industry operates nowadays is depressing. It's all rip off after rip off, but this issomuch different. The feeling you get when you're skating around the city, mastering your routes and getting faster and faster than ever before is an experience I know well from games like the Tony Hawk series or Jet Set Radio, but it feels so much different on this game. In all other skating games, you're bound to the track, basically. You have quite a lot of freedom, but the route is defined. In Hover, you're free. You find your own damn route, and you take it.The StoryThe concept of the story is that you're in a city where games consoles are banned by the authoritarian leaders, and you're part of a rebel group that opposes them. I've ot played too far into the game's story, so unfortunately I don't know what it's like. One thing you'll have to understand is that this game isn't about the story. It's about the experience of skating. Once you get into the game and get past the short tutorial, you couldn't care less about the story.Gameplay and ControlsThe game's control system comes with mouse/keyboard controls and a default Xbox 360 controller mode, which I've been using and enjoying. It's fully customisable, so if you don't like any of the bindings you can change it. So far, the gameplay feel has been absolutely great, but it there are a few bits that annoy me. For example, when you're jumping from wall to wall, the camera angle makes it easy to lose youself and ruin your moveset. The first-person feel to the game is immersive, and I can imagine that it would be absolutely phenomenal on the oculus rift. I must add though, that the controls and gameplay takes some getting used to. It's nottoosteep, but there certainly is a learning curve.GraphicsThe graphics of the game are lovely and appealing, but that's because they fit the styling of the game perfectly. The textures are pretty smooth, and there aren't many graphical bugs which I've found. BUT I'm not able to play the game well in high detail, an issue I shall be touching on soon.MusicAbsolute eargasm. You just have to listen to it to undeerstand. It portrays the feel of the game perfectly whilst you're playing it, it's almost as if the game itself was perfectly tailored to the music style, or vice versa. There is more music scheduled to be added that's by Hideki Nagamura himself, the guy that made the original music for Jet Set Radio.IssuesThis is an early alpha game, and in some ways it really shows. The GUI, while nice in concept, feels rather jerky and unfitting, but this is a minor issue. The character colour-changing is a chore with the 360 controller, and I think a number of preset colours to use as well as the RGB sliders would go well. But the biggest and main issue is the optimisation. I have a rig that can run basically any game I want at Ultra settings and get 60fps, but I get less than thirty with high settings on this game. It's not a game-breaking issue, becuase putting it down to medium settings gets me 40fps which - with the game style - works fine. Putting it down to low settings get me around 50+ fps, but I prefer texture quality to fps personally. The developers of this game are very dedicated, and have stated that this is an issue they are working hard on to fix.ConclusionNow, do you like skating games? Do you like freerunning games? Do you like AMAZING music? Do you like addictive gameplay? Do you like enjoyable maps and landscapes? If the answer is yes to these questions, get this game. Although you might want to wait until the game is further optimised before you buy it. (I personally don't find ittoobad. It just takes some getting used to).There's a few features on the game I haven't tried yet, so the review will be updated when I do."
76561198048968547,Recommended,280180,20626840,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Robbinator,"tl;dr: If you like Mirrors Edge, Jet Set Radio, or any parkour game, you will love this game!The main aspect of this game is the parkour and thankfully it works almost perfectly where moving around and gaining/losing momentum all feels very natural. Jumping as a function feels very easy to get used to and easy to control. One thing I would change about the jumping mechanic is when a player crouch jumps off a wall. It feels as though if slightly more momentum was maintained after a wall-jump it could open new routes of exploration for players. Other than that, the jumping is practically flawless in terms of momentum. Perhaps some blur effects around the edges of the screen when a player is going at maximum speed could be added to give a sensation of speed, but that’s not necessarily important in terms of how the character moves.In terms of grinding, I feel that grinding by default should be faster, or the upgrades to the skill should have more effect. This could give the player the option to risk taking a grind-based route to get a faster time, leading to more competition, more ways to explore a course and more replay-ability. As the present time, unless an object which I can grind on will prevent a fall, I almost never grind, simply because running is a faster alternative. On the other end of the spectrum, making an example of the original Jet Set Radio, players were encouraged to predominantly use rails because of how slow the characters’ ground speed was. A middle ground for these two styles of movement would allow players to almost completely define their own way of navigating a map. On a lighter side of grinding, I adore that players can lean to either side while doing so. It makes grinding more interactive as opposed to holding a button until switching rail.The controls are brilliantly simple and easy to pick up, and are very similar to mirrors edge in terms of number of different buttons needed. This allows players many different rebind configurations. The only problem I’ve faced is a slight difficulty in spray painting and perhaps having the option of having its on key binding would resolve it. Other than that, no complaints about how it controls.One thing I like is how the level design was built for both players who like to either just run fast or precisely navigate courses; this is done by having area with narrow passages, areas with long stretches of both road and rails, and areas with both. Being able to choose a spawn point is an excellent convenience when you find an area you prefer, I use it often and I know that other users use that, and the teleport feature, often.It’s not often a map is almost as vertical as it is horizontal but in this case it works fantastically. Falling from the well lit height of the city into garbage village feels extremely smooth and emphasises the dystopian world created.A small feature I would like to see added would be to see more numerical values when selecting a character DNA or when levelling up attributes, such as top speed, acceleration, top grind speed, etc. so that players can have a more clear idea of what character build they can go for.At this point in time, most of the features I am hoping for, that are not in the game, are probably in development, such as being able to form a group, more complex mission editor, more enemies (perhaps humanoid chasing enemies?) and a map screen are in development so I won’t bother detailing them.Overall I’m excited to follow this games progress and see how the final release looks. Until then, I will keep recommending it to people who enjoyed games similar."
,Recommended,280180,32224976,Posted: 6 June,all,✪ Gregg,"Lucio Simulator 2017. This game feels like something you would rent from blockbuster and play on the Wii. Which is not a bad thing at all, if anything I've been wanting to play a game like this for many years and I have to say that I enjoy this game way more than most games ive got on steam so far. I recommend for everyone that loves old xbox, ps2, or wii games, or even just wanted to play something fast paced with groovy music. 11/10"
,Recommended,280180,33023994,Posted: 29 June,all,DJ Masterson,"Rarely, I encounter a game so amazing and fun that I can't help but want to share it with my friends, for whom I buy copies.I did this with Shovel Knight, easily the best platformer I've played to date.I did this with Hyper Light Drifter.I did it with Terraria.And now? I will proudly do it with Hover.Hover's one of those games that scratches an itch we all have as gamers: A craving for absolute freedom. Nowhere is that freedom more empowering and... COOL as it is in Hover: Revolt of Gamers. The Parkour system is absolutely the main draw and it's WONDERFUL.You'll understand when you climb up to the top of the tallest building you can get to (and climb to the best of your ability), and look out over the huge, sprawling world that is Hover City, and realize: ""This city, is mine. I can go anywhere. I can jump on this, grind on that, I can FLY.""... I mean, you can't literally fly. But you don't NEED TO. You can jump and climb and slide and run and bounce and grind and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ man. The ground you can cover when you build up those skills. And I don't mean ""level up abilities"". There's that, too, but you won't get anywhere fast without actually learning to be good at parkour yourself! The AIR TIME you can get! I feel like I'm flying in a way that actual flying doesn't do as well. It's amazing!Please. 20 bucks. If you have just a little over lunch money, get it. Please. Get it for friends who can't! Just get it!Please for the love of god support this dev team.EDIT: If I had to say this game had any flaws, it would probably just be the final two challenges of the story, which consist of a race, and then a GamerBall Game.The race against the Great Admin goes through an obstacle course TEEMING with security that's REALLY annoying, because if you win you will still have to do the race over again if you get sent to jail during the dialogue (which they can and WILL do). And the final part just before the goal-line where you have to carefully jump between tall laser-fences can completely ruin your chances if you bump into just one, since they tend to pinball you around, making it impossible for you to escape, and forcing you to restart as you're inevitably captured by the police who sit there laughing at you while you bounce around.The second challenge is a GamerBall game where YOUR goal is a mile up on the opposite side of a cylinder in the center of the room from where the ball spawns, and the Great Admin's are right on the ground a couple of yards away from where the ball drops down. One of those goals (He gets THREE), is right behind him after he grabs the ball and oftentimes nothing stops him from just turning around immediately after grabbing the ball and tossing it in.These, however, I imagine are issues that will be cleaned up later on.The only other flaw I can really think of with the game's design is the stats system.For all of Hover I have only used and ever needed one character. And he is equally built for speed, grind, and jumping power, which makes him utterly dedicated to parkour. Some challenges have been difficult but I've been able to do absolutely everything with this character after just a few tries. There's really nothing he can't do. Which is sad because there are also Hacking and Strength stats that the game wants you to believe are important, but I ultimately wound up never requiring.Hacking is only necessary when you come across a container that requires higher hacking capability than the base level (and these are rare, and also not necessary at all). Having trouble breaking holo propaganda? Turns out that hacking has nothing to do with it! You just have to plow through them while going really fast! Bounced off? You're not going fast enough! Mod up more speed!Strength is the ""gamerball"" focused stat. It makes you more proficient at dealing with the ball. In GamerBall, you get a speed debuff while holding the ball. Strength mods will mitigate that debuff so you can move more easily while holding it. Strength mods will also let you throw the ball farther so you can potentially score goals from further away. And they also increase your resistance to being bumped by another player, and increase the force of your own bumps against enemy players.... but if you have really high parkour skills like speed and grind, you can just grab the ball and keep it away from the enemy while you outrun everyone toward the goal. The GamerBall debuff really doesn't do enough to keep you down if your speed is high enough.If the devs explored better ways to incentivize the use of these stats there might be better reason to have extra characters on your ""team"". As it stands, though, you can do everything as the one-man Parkour Master.... which is appropriate, in a game about Parkour..."
,Recommended,280180,32352312,Posted: 11 June,all,Poppy S. Muffin,"I want to hate this game.I really do. It just released and it's full of holes. Some parts are outright untranslated still, the kerning and grammar is just drop-dead godawful, the characters are terrible and the writing is so full of plot holes that it's a practical sieve. The final area is a slog through-and-through and the final boss battle is so poorly designed that I think it wasn't even playtested before shipping.But you know what? I can't hate this game.It's so fun.Why is it so fun? Because it gives you two gigantic worlds designed to be maneuvered through and gives you complete unrestricted access to one and gives you the second, harder one once you've figured out the gameplay mechanics. A lot of the missions are unbalanced and preposterously difficult, and I'm not sure how the game expects me to constantly nourish this little... ""pet"" thing without grinding missions, but the movement is so fun and unrestricting that my complaints about that are minimized.Hideki Naganuma's music is fantastic in this game, and even Cedric's music isn't half bad. Their respective ratios of absolute bangers to sub par is 1/2 for Hideki (he only had two songs LUL) and 3/7 for Cedric.I've absolutely had a blast with this game when I wasn't in the final area. Everything leading up to it was a fantastically fun romp through this neon-coloured dystopian wonderland.If you can afford it and love Jet Set Radio (more accurately, Jet Set Radio Future) get it. If you can't afford it, wait for it to go on sale and give it a shot. The learning curve is there, and it's certainly far from perfect, but it has enough going for it that I can more than overlook those flaws."
76561197979898519,Recommended,280180,32235315,Posted: 7 June,all,Moosebite,Ever wanted to play as Lucio without people yelling at you to heal?Here. Play this.
76561198086156625,Recommended,280180,15312824,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Zigu,"Do you like running? YES.Do you like Jumping? YESDo you like free running and parkour? HELL YEAKeep in mind this is an alpha game and there is still lots of bugs and glitches but the good overwhelms itThe map is quite small so you will fell like your going in circles and there isnt much story wise but WHO CARES THE PARKOUR IS FREAKING EPICThis game provides a leveling system similar to other games. As you level you get points and you can use those points to increase stats in this case Speed, Jump and exeleration are you main one but theres more like Strenth. Its not too much of a chore getting to max level and there are a couple tricks to help you xp farmCurrently theres only three ways to level up Destroying anti video game propiganda, delivering gameballs and doing missions. And all of these methods involve free running and parkour.The online mode is super fun speeding around with a friend is awesome but the online mode is where you'll find the most bugsConsidering This is an early access game is LOVE it and im 100% sure the map will become HUGE and the amount of thing to do will be overwhelming and Dev if your reading this please give this game a good story pleeeeseOverall Hover: revolt of gamers is well worth your £15 or £12 honestly i say buy this game now before the price starts increasing. Never will you regret your purchase"
76561198080240366,Recommended,280180,33898047,Posted: 29 July,all,Babekyu Sosu,Please more Hideki Naganuma
,Not Recommended,280180,29196845,Posted: 11 January,all,Special Needs Forces,"UPDATE 2/16/17It's no Jet Set Radio, but at least they're trying to be original. However, as is, this game needs serious work despite its creative ideas.Jet Set Radio is one of my favorite games. There's nothing out there like it, with its mixture of rollerblading parkour, unique musical style, 2000-era Sega attitude, and presentation.Hover was created by fans of JSR, and rather than try to make a blatant ripoff, they went in a different direction. Which I have to admire at least. They created an open world (for the most part, as there are more ""level""-like areas), made it an MMO with upgrades and RPG elements, and ditched the rollerblading and replaced it with fast running and jumping.The world is built for running fast and jumping around and grinding. But where JSR had levels that felt directed and made specifically for taking certain types of paths and performing tricks on particular surfaces, Hover has a city that feels like it's throwing everything at you and hoping some of it sticks. And to be fair, a lot of it does.But first, the bad. The city is a mess. A bright, neon-colored, ""futuristic"" (depending on one's prediction of the future) mess. The city has named regions whose name is shown at the top-right of the HUD, but the regions are not terribly distinct. Sure, each region has a defining feature such as bridges connecting high-up city blocks, or a plaza with awnings, but they don't have distinct colors or anything that truly sticks out and makes it obvious what region you're in. So I'm trying to perform missions for one region such as ""smash the anti-game propaganda signs"", and I accidentally wander into another region and perform that region's missions instead. ""Sign smashed: 4/11"" ""Sign smashed: 2/8"" Wait, what? Oh, by crossing this nondescript street, I wandered into the next zone and got credit for that instead.It's also way too easy to get lost in areas such as the sewers and the prison - both of which are more traditional levels as opposed to open world. I like the idea behind both areas, but they need better direction. I still can't find that 4th computer to hack in the prison level.I do enjoy the running and jumping in itself. There are a ton of areas where I'd see something that looks cool, and try to work out in my head how I'll get there. You can take a more direct, possibly harder route, or navigate around instead. Some places require a great deal of skill to reach, and trying to reach them is pretty fun. And the city looks simply incredible to look at during the nighttime in the game's day/night cycle.Another thing I really like about the level design is how vertical it is. You can go very high in the city, and fall very far. It's great to earn that height after having fought your way up, and look down upon the world below you. Height also seems to relate directly to mission difficulty, as harder missions tend to be up higher.One cool feature of the gameplay, that some might not like, is the ""rewind"" feature. You don't rewind time itself. You rewind your physical position. On rare occasion this ability will be needed for a mission, but generally it's to undo a missed jump. However, one major downside is it forces you to drop your ball if you're carrying one...By that I mean, one of the most common mission objectives involves carrying an object from one place to another. Sometimes a ball, other times something else like takeout food delivery. Carrying this object reduces your abilities, and I hate it for that reason. You can't jump and cling onto walls as much, limiting your parkour! Sometimes it's a ball that you have to throw, as you can participate in sports that involve grabbing the ball and taking it to the other team's goal. The game's play mechanics do not lend themselves well to sports, though, and keeping track of the ball can be more difficult than it needs to be, due to a major problem that is harming my ability to enjoy the game...That problem being that while the game highlights important things, and even has a ""scan"" function that lets you look for mission, it does a bad job of it. Highlighted things tend to be region-specific, and considering how small and difficult to distinguish the game's regions are, this is a problem. Just as bad, the highlights are very hard to see. It could be my high screen resolution making the outlines too thin, but single-pixel-width outlines do not help when I'm trying to find characters who give me missions, or objectives. Just thickening those outlines - that alone would help quite a bit. Making it more obvious where the next ""main"" mission is would help. You get ""next mission here"" markers once you've completed a mission in a ""set"", but that's about it. It's easy to forget where I'm supposed to be, mission-wise.Fortunately, the game marks what missions have been completed (a recent update did that, requiring me to update my review). It used to not do that. Previously completed missions can be revisited for fun.The play control is smooth, whereas Jet Set Radio's was a bit stiff and difficult to learn by comparison. It's not perfect but I find it easier to master.Anyway, my bottom line? THIS GAME HAS POTENTIAL. I do mean that. I feel like it could be pretty good if it ironed out its issues and really overhauled its level design, which needs to be easier to navigate (in terms of finding where to go or where you are; the actual gameplay challenge is just fine) and have more distinctly defined areas. The ""ball"" aspect of the gameplay really needs to go. It drags it down rather than being fun. Missions need to be easier to find.If these issues are dealt with, I can recommend the game. For now, I simply can't, unless you have the money to spare and are willing to try it out to see if you'd like it yourself.I reviewed it on YouTube and compared it directly to Jet Set Radio here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNuwxk0uNHY"
,Recommended,280180,15244956,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rood Boi,"Hover is an amazing game with tremendous potential, and only has a few flaws that can easily be fixed. This game is a parkour game where you scale buildings and walls, run away from cops, race against other people or the computer and collect collectibles. It has beautiful graphics that remind me of borderlands, and has gameplay similar to mirror's edge. It is very enjoyable, and well worth giving a shot. However, since it's in alpha mode there are a few problems, most notably that the game will crash every so often, but this is most likely going to be fixed in the near future. At the moment it is also strictly a free-roaming game, with almost no story, and only missions to complete. The final game will have a story arc, but the alpha version does not, which you should consider before buying the alpha version. Other than that, this game is very addictive, and I can see myself spending hours on this game. I posted a quick review and gameplay footage of the game below, enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulu81RvUCI4&index=1&list=PLKMxTuqznyPOoCRgnvWGfddbR_REEl7AV"
,Recommended,280180,15241227,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Josh,"Okay so Hover is like a game that is going to be ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic if the devs keep working on it, but otherwise its going to stay as this choppy city runner without much depth to it. Dont get me wrong I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game is like everything I have ever wanted in a game, it is just very simple at the surface level right now. I would wait to see how they develop the story and other elements before purchasing it, but if you crave some Jet Set Radio Mirrors Edge♥♥♥♥♥♥then I would get it now."
,Recommended,280180,32084440,Posted: 31 May,all,Shadowlander5,"It's like a modern Jet Set Radio, completely awesome."
76561197993835491,Recommended,280180,34721520,Posted: 3 September,all,Maxtone,"In short, this game is what I would describe as ""genuinely fun"".  At a very base and viseral level, this game is extremely fun.  The mechanics are fun, the story is funny, the characters are endearing, the music is awesome and well placed in game, and the environment is colorful.Hideki Naganuma, one of the major artists on the Jet Set Radio series made a few really catchy tracks for this game.If all that wasn't enough, the purchase feels all the better because your cash will be supporting a tiny 3 person dev team called Fusty Games.  A set of developers who actually got their game from conception to early access and finally released in a reasonable amount of time.  We need more people like them."
,Recommended,280180,21209408,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,II CyNiC II,this game is still in it's alpha stages and it's so fluid. it's amazing what three people can do and shows that you don't need a 100 man dev team to make a great game.
,Recommended,280180,31210750,Posted: 17 April,all,Cantina Steak Burrito,"If you loved Jet Set Radio, this is the game you have been waiting for. Here's hoping that they add more songs from Hideki Naganuma."
,Recommended,280180,32162608,Posted: 3 June,all,Loup-Gaeru,"I will start with the most important aspect of the game to me, which is also the only one I dislike : the difficulty.Easy to learn, hard to master. Very hard to master.I do timed challenges at least 10 times because the tiniest mistake can make you lose. Imagine if I was actually trying to get gold medals.The path to success is painful and frustrating. Sometimes your character do things that would be good in certain situations, but are annoying when they slow you down or makes you miss an optimal trajectory : like, when you fall down a wall accidentally, your character grabs on an edge to not make you fall further (this is where the Rewind ability is useful). When you need to go down on purpose, it's annoying.I wouldn't mind about those if the time allowed to make challenges/missions was longer and less pusnishing.After short-timed challenges, let's talk about the difficulty of finding your path.The city is built both horizontally and vertically, which I appreciate. Jumping from roofs to balconies to windows to plazas makes you feel free of movements. But also free of choosing your own path. This wouldnt be a problem if the way wasn't that hard to find in some challenges. But when you have to start from point A to get to point B, then back to A, then to C, then A...until you get to F (thinking about that 3rd mission of boxes delivery for Watabax), when there are no clear path to follow, it takes dozens of trying and failing to finish the mission with only 5 seconds left on the timer (imagine again if I was trying to get gold medals).The city is big and a-maze-ing, literally.Those were the negative points I had.A neutral point here, about the chips.The chips system used to upgrade your character may be a bit complex. Too many tiers of chips. Using too many of the same type of chips lower their effect, I don't really understand this, as there aren't numerous types, so you're kinda forced to use some types several times.Being able to trade a few chips to get a better one is good, but not guaranteed.I noticed there was, in previous versions of the game, a system of points you could spend on each category, like strengh, speed, jump... This seems easier to understand in my opinion. Surely the developpers had their reasons to change to a system with fancy chips.Now, everything positive.The game is visually very pleasant. Lots of colors (maybe a tad too many). While I cannot graphically run this game at the maximum (playing at medium and 30fps), I appreciate navigating in this living futuristic city, filled with many people of different races.The music is simply eargasmic. Both Cédric Menendez and Hideki Naganuma are great. As a big fan of the Jet Set Radio games, I can't keep my head nor my feet from not moving to the beats.Concerning the story, nothing exceptionnal but it's good (I haven't finished the game yet. I reached the Administration District). Your teammates all have their own distinctive personality and somehow go well with each other, often teasing and being teased.About the controls, it's satisfying to just run and jump around the city. Grinding takes practice and sometimes you may miss a railing, forcing you to rewind a few times to get it right. Particularly annoying during timed challenges.Overall : I really like this game and the atmosphere of its universe. But sometimes I just give up on missions, or skip optional ones, because of the difficulty. I come back to them later, knowing it will take many many tries to beat them."
,Recommended,280180,32095736,Posted: 31 May,all,Mentor Knight,Don't even bother asking whether this game is good or not. Parkour combined with a Jet Set Radio Future-styled world with multiplayer and a new soundtrack by the same person who did JSR's soundtrack?! DO IT. DO IT NOW. BUY IT FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR FRIENDS. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
,Recommended,280180,17938441,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,fizzylonecheese,any fan of air gear and jet set radio and mirrors edge will love it
,Recommended,280180,32097459,Posted: 31 May,all,DayBroNa,"Imagine if you will, a modern take on Jet Set Radio. Add online multiplayer, and a super friendly community and Discord channel that is second to none.Best experience online, hands down. Thanks for the welcome!"
,Recommended,280180,31083500,Posted: 11 April,all,Mr. Bones,now where do i beginthe community is awesomethe game is a blastits easy to pick upyou can talk to the devs on the discordWHY DONT YOU OWN THIS GAME
76561198174432907,Recommended,280180,32158632,Posted: 3 June,all,RainbowRose160,"This game is extremely fun! While the controls take some getting used to, they really aren't as bad as a lot of people say they are. The missions are fun, and the open world is fun to explore! Plus, it can be EXHILIRATING to go fast and parkour your way through the map! It's easy to learn and hard to master, but it is worth mastering."
,Recommended,280180,24916137,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,『Dojyaaan』,"This is the modern day Jet Set Radio.Pros:-Music by Hideaki Naganuma-Fun gameplay-Music by Hideaki Naganuma-Fast paced arcade parkour action-Music by Hideaki Naganuma-Fun, colorful, and vivid graphics that bring the world to life-Music by Hideaki Naganuma-Basically the Jet Set Radio 3 that never came to beCons:-Still in alpha-Not enough music by Hideaki Naganuma (can't have an infinite amount of music)-My potato laptop can barely run it, but it's my potato to blame"
76561198095024890,Recommended,280180,17601446,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FML,"This game is absolutly fantastic. It takes me back to the days of me playing ""Jet Set Radio: Future"" on my uncles xbox in the living room. The Movement system is Fantastic (it could be better but im not complaining), with only some moderate cliping. I Havent done any missions, and ive just been roaming the city for 2 hours. Character customization is great, alowing players to build there characters around a Certain play style. Hoverheat is a mechanic some racing games implement, increasing performance at higher speads when continiously doing tricks, I feel like i'm in a Viper with endless amounts of nitrous. The Camera is questionible. Third person offers good movement/control but isnt as immersive as First person, however first person can get extreamly disorienting when you're doing backflips all day everyday. And then Auto, tries to get the best of both worlds but i just don't think that it can be executed properly. Switching to third when doing tricks, and switching to first when running or doing basic jumps. Id like to see annother cam, First person without all the flip rotation, A First person hybrid. If you loved the JSR Franchise, You have to play this."
,Recommended,280180,20071398,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Acebats,"If the words ""Buy it"" isn't enough to get you to purchase this gem then let me explain why you should get this gem right goddamn now:At a £15 price tag, it is rare I pay full price for a game, especially whilst it's in early access, I'm a really cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and paying full price is something I rarely do.It takes something truely special for me to take a risk, pay the full price and give it a go, and this game has not disappointed.Have you ever played Mirror's Edge? If so; Do you remember the tutorial level, where once you beat the tutorial you could just run around that tiny sandbox, just enjoying going various different paths and thinking ""I would love a whole game like this""I believe this game is that and more and even though it is nowhere near completion yet, what IS already there is enough to make me hopeful and excited for something beautiful.This game is like the open world Mirrors Edge I've dreamed of, and even though only one area of the game is currently out and ready for you to explore at the time of this review, the city is massive, with many different levels for you to explore. The top of the city is a long way away from the bottom, you can imagine making one false move and falling down to the bottom of this city and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Thankfully the developers thought of this and provided a ""rewind"" button which allows you to move backwards to where you were a few seconds ago. This little feature helps to remove one of the main potential sources of fustration.And to make the parkour free-roaming deal even sweeter, one of the other inspirations is the Jet Set Radio Series, JSRF being one of my all time favourite games, it was what introduced me to this gem. Composer Hideki Naganuma, who's worked on some of JSR's most memorable tracks will have his music featured in this game eventually and I cannot wait for that day. Another clear inspirations is found with the rails, around the map there are rails that you can grind on to gain bonus speed and increase your stats for a brief window of time, allowing you to run faster, jump higher and traverse the environment better. I can only imagine this feature shines brightest in the multiplayer component.Oh yea, that's right, on top of all of this, there is a multiplayer component to this game. In this open world other players can also be found, I'm not talking about AI controlled characters. I'm talking about actual human players. There is a scan function which allows you to find nearby objectives and search for important npcs and other human players. In my few hours of playing there has been some beautiful moment where I've met up with another player in the city, chatted for a bit and then ran around the city aimlessly for quite a bit of time, exploring the massive area together. I can only imagine playing this game with friends would make for a truely unique experience. But you aren't just limited to running around together, you can partake in minigames such as races or bringing item a to point b and the seamless integration of singleplayer components into multiplayer is something most games can only dream of managing this well.Now there are some drawbacks that can be attributed to early access:The performance is not amazing, although the devs have said that a unity update will allow better perfomance in future updatesNot all of the content is there: There aren't a massive amount of missions but there's enough to keep you entertained and the little things to do around the city will keep you occupied for a good while but aren't as fufilling as the main missions.Some of the missions can get really frustraiting at times.Honestly, most of my issues should be ironed out by release, but as it, this is already an extremely unique and fun experience to have alone, with strangers of with friends. I would recommend this game to anyone that was thinking of buying it."
76561198058964738,Recommended,280180,15317529,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Flichr,"Easily one of the most refreshing concepts to come out for some time now. It feels like an awesome mix of Mirrors Edge and Jet Set Radio Future. While there isn't a HUGE amount of content at the moment, it definately has wonderful potential. I'm very excited to see where the three, yes, only 3, developers take this game. Only great things will come from this title."
,Recommended,280180,32352509,Posted: 11 June,all,Ash,I have 15 hours in this game and I haven't even touched the online features yet. Get this game.
,Recommended,280180,31729031,Posted: 13 May,all,Buzie,"INTRODUCTIONHover: Revolt of Gamers has become one of my favorite games to binge on. It mixes some of my favorite childhood games together such as Jet Set Radio Future and Mirrors Edge. This game was time killer when I didn't have internet connection for a while (thankfully this game can be played offline at the fullest, multiplayer is merely something to just make it better).PROS-The community is friendly really friendly-here's a ton of missions to do (though it could get repetitive sometimes such as thesewer portion of the game)-The environment is beautiful-The mission creator tool is easy to use-The music is great!CONS-The combos are limited-CustomizationPERSONAL THINGS THAT I COULD SEE BEING IMPROVED-There needs to be a radio or some sort blaring out Gamer propaganda, it would make the whole 'gamer revolt' thing more relevant throughout the game.-HUD customization would be really nice.-More police vs revolt encounters, that would be neat.-Add more music!ADDITIONAL INFOMind you that this game is still in early access and it's improving itself as we speak and I feel like my contribution to the team behind Hover is putting it to good use. The full game is going to be released on May 31st 2017 and I can't wait to see what they will add to the full release of this game.FINAL VERDICTThis game is worth your money if you plan on buying it. If you can get some friends to play it with you to improve the experience!"
76561198048917267,Recommended,280180,33262440,Posted: 4 July,all,BUT AT WHAT COST,"The short version- If you liked Jet Set Radio, buy this game, like, now.Slightly longer version- Hover: Revolt of Gamers takes the formula everyone loved from Jet Set and spices it up a bit. You got the graffiti, you got the cartooney graphics, you got the evil anti-fun government, and most importantly, it's funky as hell. Biggest difference is instead of roller blades, you're free running, and have a host of new movement options and the extra mobility they bring. Also adds a level system with tokens similar to League of Legend's rune system, allowing you to make each of the five characters you can switch between at any time play exactly as you want them to.Pros-Biggest pro for me is the movement. Some of the most fun I've had with movement since Super Mario Sunshine. Although a bit slow at the start, it picks up quite quickly and once your character is all geared up you're regularly hitting lines that make you feel like a total badass. This is one area that I feel is done way better than Jet Set Radio Future, and that's pretty impressive in my book.The character/gear system- you can have up to 5 characters on your team. You only start with the generic basic dude/dudette, but unlock different characters with unique bonuses and negatives. Each character can be leveled up 10 times, unlocking slots you put runes in to boost different stats. This allows you to have characters that specialize in different things so you never get stuck on a challenge your normal playstyle isn't tuned to.Mu'frickin Gameball- I'll be honest, I hated this game type at first, mainly due to playing with computer AI teammates, but it really grew on me. It's basically 3 dimensional parkour basketball. Once you get the controls down it's pretty great. You wanna alley-oop to yourself, launch into the air, ride the wall around, and dunk on all your friends? Cuz you can and it's freakin' awesome.Always some cons so here we go-The Menus- The menus are not very controller friendly. If you're using a controller expect to be reaching for your mouse to do most menuing (and there's a decent amount you have to do, what with the rune system). Really frustrating getting sent to the slammer because you couldn't restart the mission fast enough.Lack of explanations- Outside of a very, very basic tutorial, the game doesn't do super well explaining mechanics. Most of them are intuitive enough it isn't a huge problem, but it's a bit annoying how often you find yourself thinking ""well♥♥♥♥♥♥I wish I knew that worked earlier""If you fall behind on keeping all your characters leveled up and do too many quests, catching up your less  played characters can be a pain as all the good XP bonuses are used up already.Lastly, the soundtrack isn't super diverse. Each area has it's general song, and then there's a handful depending on the type of mission you're doing. I don't mark this up as a big downside though, as all the songs are catchy enough that I didn't get tired of them. Your mileage may vary.In summary, if you liked Jet Set Grind, Radio, and Future, you'll like this game. If you like bustin sick moves and spraypainting away an oppressive government because video game logic, you'll like this game. Full disclosure, I'm a bit of a Jet Set fanboy, but I cannot recommend this game enough. 10/10."
,Recommended,280180,34331064,Posted: 18 August,all,Mal,"Functionally, it's great. It flows wonderfully and allows a great amount of free movement through huge, open ended cities. It's a great amount of fun to race around in.However, The stealth sections in the prison and the final phase of the game ditch that for slow, punishing stealth puzzling. I personally didn't finish it, and as much fun as the overall gameplay was, I don't really intend to.The soundtrack is decent, but kind of immemorable aside from the Naganuma tracks."
,Recommended,280180,28861037,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,xColdxFusionx,"It's Jet Set Radio meets Mirror's Edge. What more could you ask for?Obvious comparisons aside, Hover: Revolt of Gamers is one of those games where you can spend 90% of your time just running around like a lunatic and still have fun. It takes a bit of time for everything to click, but once it does, the feeling you get when you're blasting through the city and flipping everywhere is spectacular.Pros:> Fluid motion> Big world with lots to do> ""Rewind"" system lets you quickly recover and retry jumps in a pinch> Relatively stable for an alpha buildCons:> Despite the above note, there are still a few bugs (Mostly related to collision and positioning)> Certain mechanics aren't particularly well explained (Either that or I missed the tutorials on HoverHeat and Chips)> Momentum physics can lead to very ""slippery"" platforming"
76561198327333611,Recommended,280180,33615201,Posted: 17 July,all,jiazji,Its Like JSR But With:No CopsA Huge MapGamemodesOnlineMore Stunt capabillities.More Awesome MusicMore ExplorationMore Stuff To Getthis game is just Fun AF
76561198183870106,Recommended,280180,30269691,Posted: 1 March,all,Fuji Azeron,"This game is very well made and extremely fun, i would recommend this to anyone who misses games like Jet Set Radio or Mirrors Edge."
,Recommended,280180,32948635,Posted: 28 June,all,Strawberry Fishes,"This game is definiately  one for you if you  like bounding around an environment at will, i have had a lot of fun playing this game"
,Recommended,280180,28027993,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RockstarCRO,"I have backed this game since Early Access and I must say I'm quite impressed with the amount the game has to offer. Though at times repetitive, the challenges are fun and dynamic. The world is extremely immersive and the visuals tell a beautiful story. I am definitely happy with the progress the game has made. There is a rare hiccup here and there within the game, but the devs seem to be paying attention to fixing what they need when required.Thestorythus far is the player waking up in a cell in a gamer orientated cyber world. There isn't much else being given or elaborated on at the moment, but there is a police system in place much like Jet Set Radio Future had. The only exception here is that you can be caught and thrown into jail. I had a debate with myself about thegameplaywhether it was better than JSRF or not. I do like how this game does follow the concept on roller-blades, but did it in it's own style. Rather than having physical roller blades (which made JSRF quite unique and fun), this game gives the player hover shoes (or what looks like hover shoes). For a game attempting to make their own mark, it is a breath fresh air to see which direction the devs would like it take. Everything is actually quite smooth and grinding on rails or wires isn't as much of a hassle as JSRF. The player can press ""X"" in this case and be near a rail and start grinding instantly. Whether some gamers will like this or not will be interesting as JSRF did pose a challenge at times to grind on certain obstacles. Additionally, players are still able to perform techniques/moves just like in JSRF. There aren't any major flips or specific technique scheme, but there is a presence of neat tricks available.The one major difference between this and JSRF is that JSRF required the player to do tricks in order to improve their speed. H:RoG allows players to charge up an energy bar to improve their speed and jump range. Tapping ""X"" will allow players to charge their energy meter. The more the players jump around, the more their energy bar will deplete. Another major feature within the game rests with character creations. The player is able to create a team and multiple characters with different stats. Where stats/attributes were previously locked with each character in JSRF, the player has full control over the characters attributes. If you favor grinding, jumping or physical attributes, this can all be easily chosen to suit your style. There are no real loading screens unless you go between zones. Zones are quite large and it seems they are split up into different districts. There are a lot of different screens the player may scan, but there isn't any major function with them as of yet. What is predicted to come are spawn points, shops, and graffiti editors. One major feature that is present here (that's not in JSRF) is the ability to rewind time.... sort of. Say you miss a jump or a grind, the player is able to rewind the character back to a previous position. This does not rewind time, but does rewind your player. So, if you are being chased by police, don't expect to make them go away so easily!Visuallythe game is quite appealing. I absolutely love what they did with the light tail below characters feet. This feature is not only visually appealing, but helps players to follow AI or other players in cases where tailing someone would be difficult (visual aids/cues, I love that)! The maps themselves are quite vast and give the player a new tone, feeling or emotion when entering a different area. Entering a slum area is not extremely different than a rich area, but there is attention to detail that does make the player feel they left an area and entered a new place. Even though visually the game looks cool, I believe there still is a lot of room to add details such as shattering glass to other objects that look too plain.Thesoundsandmusicis pretty good so far. There aren't many cinematics or voices, but there is a presence of these sounds. The music is pretty good so far; there still needs to be additions in this domain to make the game immersive. JSRF had a deadly sound track to this day I hear people listening to these songs. I can only hope this game does add memorable music. I would also like to see more cut-scenes to better explain the story. Lastly, I would like to add that there is somewhat of a system in place to show where the next mission is. It is at times difficult to find where to go next as scanning 360 degrees in all directions can be cumbersome. I would highly suggest adding a mini map and visual markers on screen to help the player navigate.Overall, I am glad I acquired this game and hope the updates continue. I would say full price would seem fair, but of course sales are always around some corner.FINAL RATING : 7.85/10GameplayB-Story / CampaignBVisuals / User InterfaceASounds / MusicB-Replay-abilityBOverallBVideo EA :Hover : RoG Highlights ReviewScreenShots :Coloured tails coming from the feet.I like looking around sometimes"
,Recommended,280180,32630749,Posted: 21 June,all,乇 乂 ㄒ 尺 卂 ㄒ 卄 丨 匚 匚,"It's a great game, and a great spiritual successor to Jet Set Radio, I'm just a little but peeved that they teased us with VR support, and didn't deliver."
,Recommended,280180,32164342,Posted: 3 June,all,Epistemic,"This game is absolutely fantastic!  If you loved Jet Set Radio, you'll love this.  It might take a little bit to get used to the controls, but once you do it's a blast (it's still fun while you are learning, but even more so once you are highly proficient with the controls).  Without giving any big spoilers, as your character levels up, you can augment them with ""chips"", which increase various abilities, such as run speed, or jump height; this allows you to create a character you enjoy playing.My only annoyance, is that the designers don't want skill to count for much, as many of the missions in the latter half of the game are largely luck based.  Do you need to get across a large gap by grinding across floating platforms in a short amount of time?  Hope those platforms don't float up/down at the incorrect time, or you lose the mission.  This type of thing makes the harder missions auto losses quite frequently."
,Not Recommended,280180,32279278,Posted: 8 June,all,basic.,"Overall this game has much potential, however as it stands right now I would not reccomend it for purchase.THE POSITIVE:The animations are extremely fluid and pair with the parkour style very well.  There is little to no jarring moments when moving where animations do not seemlessly flow together.The freerunning feels good (for the most part, see negative section for more on this).  When running/jumping over objects, it reacts quickly and predictably, and the grinding mechanics are very satisfying and remind me very much of the 3D Sonic games.The ability to play as different characters and customize their color scheme and light trail.Gameball is a fun addition and easily the best mode of the game.  Think of it like basketball crossed with a tron light disk fight.I would love to see a more fleshed out version of this game mode.The graphics style is gorgeous.THE NEGATIVE:The map design is an absolute disaster.  Multiple missions require you to reach the top of a certain building yet there is no clear way to the top. I found myself stuck many times in situations like this, where eventually I was either able to spam jump myself to the top or just had to forfeit the mission entirely.  The main city is a dump (literally) with a rather small futuristic city above it.  Most of the maps size is vertical, however its messy layout can it make it nearly impossible to navigate and a challenge (not in a good way) to reach even the simplest destination. As for the size of the map horizonitally, while standing in one corner of the map you can look across the city and see the other diagonal corner with ease.The missions are repetitive and boring.  When leaving the tutorial area, the initial races seem new and exciting until you realize that nearly every mission is a race of some sort (with the exception of gameball, which also got old after a bit). The three types of missions in the game boil down to Gameball (as mentioned above), Races (sometimes against oppenents and sometimes time trials), Fetch/Delivery, and Chase (where you are sent to chase a flying robot that patrols the city).  The entire game is just these same concepts copy and pasted around an incoherent map.The time limits.  Nearly every mission in the game has you racing against some sort of clock.  Normally, there is nothing wrong with this.  However in Hover, the time limits allow no room for error after the inital 4-5 missions and usually have you replaying each mission 4-5 times or more until you learn the fastest route possible. I understand not making the game to easy, but there could at least be a difficulty setting that allows more time for completion depending on the difficulty level.  This, coupled with the completely disorganized map, creates some very infuriating moments while playing the game.From the start the game is confusing.  The tutorial feels uninformative and you are left completely clueless upon first entering the city.  The UI does not make it clear where to go most of the time and in races and fetch missions I sometimes found myself completely lost.  I have played racing games all my life, and I have not once ever found myself going off track or the wrong way in a race, yet while playing Hover this happened multiple times.The freerunning, while good most of the time, is also terrible.  Trying to climb up ledges is sometimes an impossible task, with the character either jumping away from the ledge (sometimes dropping you back to the bottom of the map) or refusing to grab it alltogether.  For the most part, this isnt a major issue since you can simply use the rewind feature to try again until the character finally makes it up the ledge, however, when the player is holding something during a fetch mission, the item will drop upon using the rewind feature making it absolute hell to deliver items to tall buildings.CONCLUSIONThe game does, like I stated earlier, have much potential. That being said, I personally don't think that the problems I have with the game will be addressed anytime soon, since they are nearly all very core parts of the game.I do not hate this game, to be honest I had some fun with it for a short time, but I doubt I will ever boot this game up again. It has little to no replay value, and it is not what I had hoped it would be."
,Recommended,280180,24914170,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Knullox,"this is quite the game. a smallish alpha with a few maps actually has so much packed into it. the detail, colors, and extremely fluid gameplay. you can climb, wallrun, and jump to anywhere you want, no restriction. thats what really draws me in, theres no restriction to your movement. alot of smallish tony-hawk like missions with characters telling you to do a thing is pretty cool, and an ingame mission making editor keeps alot of people drawn in. i have over 120 hours put in at this point. its fun to make new characters with varying stats and colors, and most of the community is super nice too. with this game not being combat oriented, its easier to hang out and play with other people, like were in a city sized playground, running around racing and playing ballgames. it feels like futuristic acrobatic recess.ive gotten alot of mileage out of this investment of 20 bucks. i wholeheartedly reccomend you give this a look."
,Recommended,280180,32163193,Posted: 3 June,all,Scoxicus Soxicus Floxicus,"I'm going to write a proper review once I complete the full game. I have been an early access supporter for close to two years.open world spider man, tony hawk pro skater,SANIC, JSRF..... Hover. same string of thought. same sensations of freedom and exhilaration.there are valid criticisms coming in about some aspects of the level design and overall gameplay elements. read them, know they're there. they're right in a lot of cases. this game is not perfect.this game is something else, though. it's a gorgeous experience. there is an extremely enjoyable carefree vibe that the story and gameplay foster. this is not a game that you come into and rip your hair out trying to move through. it reminds you that mistakes are a natural part of learning, and can be overcome with persistence.this game has heart and soul. I look forward to the rest of the game, as well as what the community has in store by way of custom missions.give it a try, you might just get hooked."
76561198168204999,Recommended,280180,32800070,Posted: 25 June,all,Scribbles,"Hoo boy, this game. THIS GAME. Brightly-colored, Wall-jumping, Rail-grinding, Building-climbing, Pit-falling, City-travelling fun is what this game is. You like the 3D Sonic games (or at least the good ones)? You like Jet-Set/Grind Radio? Heck, do you even like the Tony Hawk games? Then this game is a good choice for you, EVEN IF you don't like those games! Definitely one of my new big favorites!"
,Recommended,280180,25700767,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TheIVAce,"This game is very exciting in it's fast and high explorational action. This open world game contains many missions and things to find using a 3D platformer like move set with it's wild parkour capablities and enviroments. This game also contains leveling up skills and MMO style interactivity with other live players.I normally would not recommend buying an early access game, but this one is very fun as is and is STILL GETTING ACTUAL UPDATES after all this time."
,Recommended,280180,32398942,Posted: 13 June,all,вzк,"Jet Grind Radio with Tony Hawk's Underground's free-roam career mode.The dialogue is cringeworthy, the story makes no sense, the character pallettes are full of matte colors with far too little shading or detail and they look like the FurAffinity version of a JSRF gangBUT the game itself is incredibly fun. If you liked Jet Grind Radio or Jet Set Radio Future and/or played any X Sport game in your youth (Tony Hawk, Aggressive Inline, etc.) and pine for more of the same, then this is the game for you."
76561198258309415,Recommended,280180,29403107,Posted: 21 January,all,FlaminPotato,"after reading a bunch of negative reviews about hover, i can safely say that most of them adress important points, and yea i agree that those need to be fixed. but its the negative reviews about not having anything to do that slightly bother me, i mean opinions are opinions i dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but with 3 maps and a mission edititor, its really easy to find something to do most of the time. not to mention the great community surounding this game. you can hop online and see a bunch of poeple most of the time, all you really have to do is give a quick ""whats up"" in game chat and then bam you have a new friend. (also lets not forget early access means you can break this game to all hell, i have found at least 2 ways to get out of bounds and manouver myself onto the skybox) ((also also lets not forget early access means more, well, game to come so give it time)) hover is a blast to play that can really get you hooked if you know what to do in it. make charachters and level them, make missions and challenge others, just explore! a brand new section of game is also coming out soon hopefully. if you have played the game, there is a large chance that you have seen a blocked off area around every corner, well thats the new area thats soon to come called district B. so all in all i highly reccomend you pick this game up, and if you dont think there is not enough to do, so be it, its your opinion! if you want to return it you can, but give it a chance."
,Recommended,280180,32190796,Posted: 4 June,all,LinguisticScoots,"Half of this game is ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DID I JUST DO THAT?"", quarter is ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ JUST HAPPENED?"" and the last quarter is pure, unadulterated, neon-laden awesomeness. If open-world parkouring for the sake of having fun with seamless multiplayer is your thing, DEFINITELY get this."
,Recommended,280180,32096393,Posted: 31 May,all,Yestin,I have absolutely no idea what I am doing or even if I am playing the game correctly but it is a helluva lot of fun.
,Recommended,280180,15238691,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,That Cat,"This is a fun game, however the performance right now is trash. If you don't have a seriously good rig good luck even maintaining 30fps, let alone dream of hitting a steady 60. If you can put up with that then give it a try, movement is fun and fluid and the city seems like a great place to explore.If you can't deal with the low framerate then hold on a bit until the developers patch it. I will update this review if they do.Edit 1: After playing a bit more I changed the review to a positive one because, although there are framerate issues and quite a few bugs, the core gameplay is very fun and unique, and worth giving a shot. My feelings on this are more neutral, but will be fully positive if the developers continue to work hard and fix the problems that have arisen."
76561198114750344,Recommended,280180,21714923,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Solidus Cestus,How it feels to chew 5 Gum
,Recommended,280180,32523979,Posted: 17 June,all,Hashtable,"I've been playing this game for some time, I've tried it when it was still on early access. And it's the very first time I'm leaving an evaluation.And this time I want to do it for one simple reason. I really love this game, and at the same time I really find it frustrating. And I'd really like for the team to make the game better.To put it simply, the pros are really straightforward : The gameplay, and the freedom.Running freely throught Haven District is a real pleasure. Some races are challenging, some missions are fun. This is really nice to play.Then the bad side of this game comes to hit you behind the neck : The police system. It's nothing but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ So yeah, it's there for the scenario, and I find it nice, it really reminds me Rokkaku's police in Jet Set Radio. But in Jet Set Radio, policemen were rather stupid and kinda easy to bypass. Here, it really just ruin missions. I mean, when I'm racing or playing gameball, I don't want any security police to ♥♥♥♥ with me, I just wanna play the mission I'm playing. I think these things should be separated, that would maybe mean adding ""infiltration"" missions, where the whole point is not getting caught by the security. But aside from that, leave the player race if he's racing, and shoot his ball if he's playing Gameball.The fact is I'm writing this review out of frustration :On the very last mission, which is already frustrating as a whole by the simple fact you often has to restart the entire mission when you're caught three times in a row, I made a mistake at the last gameball match, and was caught, and thrown back to the very beginning of the Orbital Station. DUH. I'm not gonna play Hover for some time cuz I know I'm going to have to take the entire way again to the Great Admin.As a game dev who's working a lot with game designers, to me, this is just awful game design. And that's too bad, because aside from that, this game really is great.So I'm recommanding this game, but take into account the fact there are some downsides.I'm really hoping the team will work to make this game a really great game."
,Recommended,280180,32422433,Posted: 14 June,all,DerpyMustache,Oh my gosh this game is amazing. Not even finished yet and with more amazing features on the way it gets my positive review for sure. You can spend hours just going around the town doing little side quests or even just doing cool tricks until you're so op the story missions are just a really fast rollercoaster ride. The map is a bit small but there are different areas that make up for it. Also some missions are a lot harder than others when they shouldnt be but besides that really good game.
,Recommended,280180,23058238,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Daz,"Simply an oustanding game, even in alpha, I cannot wait to see what the final product will be like.If you have any interest in free running or parkour, or if you've played and enjoyed games such as; Jet Set Radio, Jet Set Radio Future and/or Mirror's Edge, then I would highly recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,280180,32244075,Posted: 7 June,all,relay™,"Good Game!Fun game, full of colours, good character customisations and skill tree. Good story and plot so far. Just an overall fun and challenging game to play with puzzles that can drive you up the wall, but when you realise how easy it was to solve them, you just cry at how stupid you seem (has happened once so far xD)"
76561198045145791,Recommended,280180,15267635,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Wirinel,"This game is like all I ever wanted! It looks great, feels great, the gameplay is awesome, and the story looks cool! The only downsides (bad performances, the not diversified soundtrack and a few gameplay tweaks) will surely be fixed when the game launches. Remember it's an Early Access, if you can't put up with those few things I suggest you wait until the game launches."
,Recommended,280180,32183845,Posted: 4 June,all,Bananza,This game is insane and amazing. When you manage to get a team of less than ten people and deliver a game more playable and more fun than some triple A games then you know its good.
,Recommended,280180,32122633,Posted: 1 June,all,Possessed Slime Drywall Thief,"This game likes to wear the mantle of Jet Set Radio's soul successor proudly. I don't mean that it's a blatant copy of Jet Set Radio, but it dealt with a lot of the same themes JSR did: Corrupt government, supression of freedoms, etc. And this atmosphere also loans itself to the gameplay. Everyone acts like it's Jet Set Radio strictly from the game's feeling. Hover is indeed its own entity though. It plays a lot differently, being more open-world based and with an upgrade system. It also lacks rollerblades and relies instead on a system of running and grinding, and doing aerial tricks. While the aerial tricks and grinding are similar, there's only SO MUCH you can do with that concept.The game is divided into three factions: Gamers, Breakers, and the E-Cops. The last one is self-explanatory: Cops.Gamers and Breakers are the two groups who fight these police, with the distinction between the Breakers being a disregard for peace, resorting to violence. The game has a good feeling to it, and is very pleasing in most ways. The only issues I had with the game were as follows:Dreadful NPCs in some required missions.Some missions being a massive ramp-up in difficulty.Some missions being downright cruel with their timer.Mind you none of it makes the game ""Unplayable,"" but it will provide a great difficulty for some.Pets also have the annoying habit of being there as stat boosts that you must keep feeding, or risk them dying off. If you're lacking in food to feed your Ultimate-tier pet and retain its boosts, you will lose it permanently. The food meter also drops incredibly quick. I was able to finish three missions within five minutes or so, and had gone from a pet with a full stomach to starving. This was rather annoying as I had to frantically scour the overworld for chests and play a miniature game of ""Click twice as fast as you can to navigate the UI."" but the pets never really do much otherwise.The game also boasts a fairly fun gamemode if played with other players: Gameball. Now read carefully: IF PLAYED WITH OTHER PLAYERS. The NPCs have two settings in this game for this mode: Dumber than a sack of bricks, or NBA Pro. Often the ones on your team reside in the former category, with enemies sitting in the circle for the latter. The missions essentially boil down to bumper-cars and keeping NPCs (FROM BOTH TEAMS) away from the ball. I had to spend the majority of these missions scoring as many points as I could for a medal rank, and then play Keep-Away as to prevent the NPCs from making a comeback that would put any pro basketball player to shame.Ranks are the progression system for the story, but it's fairly easy to keep your rank at the required level, so don't worry. The problem you'll be facing is with what chips you get, but this is also circumvented with the chip traders and replaying of missions.I wish there was more meat to the story though. The game ends after a certain point and.... Well... It's an ending that I would rather have forgotten, especially after the PENULTIMATE DIFFICULTY the game provides at the end of the line. Story-wise, the game is short. 10 hours is what it took me, and this is with waiting for my turn online or scrambling to find a team to help me deal with the NPC issue as previously stated. It's a good game on its own, but I hope the developers bring more to come, otherwise this game may see a drop in players after they all beat the main story and get ultimate chips for each slot. The game DOES allow players to make their own missions for others, but I haven't seen anyone truly use that system to its full utility.I would definitely play this game again, start to finish, and with some characters requiring others to unlock, it's a welcomed method by the game. Hover: Revolt of Gamers brings back the vibes that Jet Set Radio begun with, and with Hideki Naganuma's music in the game. (Currently at the time of writing: Only two songs.) But on its own, stepping out of JSR's shadow: the game is also very fun. Hopefully the developers don't stop here and keep bringing forth content! It would be a welcomed venture in my book.But seriously, Gameball's NPCs will make you grind your teeth."
,Recommended,280180,15352582,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,R.J,"Jet Set Radio: GenerationGreat game inspired by Jet Set Radio (Future) mixed with the movement of Mirrors edge. should be called 'Jet Set Radio: Generation' introducing alien/robots/animals (Anthropomorphic) races to join in and help out the gang against the authorities.No story mode yet, but similar to Jet Set Radio. Bunch of kids trying to have fun until the new mayor decided to remove any kind of entertainment including gaming consoles which made the group 'Gamers Resistance'. At the moment you play as 4 character that are color-customisable (Hopefully clothing customization added later builds). each one of them have different passives except for the 'new guy' with the hoodie with his hood up. which comes to a lead of the exp and skills. just like jet set radio some characters had Acceleration, Speed and Grind. But now that this is more parkour wise. you get to make your own skill path with 3 additional skills Jump, Strengh and Energy. Same music composer from Jet Set Radio is helping out with this project too!Keep in mind that this is only early access and so far from my point of view, it's pretty darn good. Right now it's just a big playground to parkour around with friends and other players.""It's a prediction of Australia in the future...you know with the banned games"""
76561198055935037,Recommended,280180,32099228,Posted: 31 May,all,Spicy Milkshake,"Jet Set Radio Future may not be ported to PC (yet)...But this game sure does look and play a lot like it! Maybe even a spiritual successor as others claim it to be.Even if you weren't introduced to any Jet Set Radio games out there, I guarantee you'll have tons of fun playing this game!"
,Not Recommended,280180,33389522,Posted: 8 July,all,ChaseFace,"I love Jet Set Radio/Future, but this game simply is not finished. It has so many little flaws that keep it from being great. And trust me, the greatness is there, it's just covered by a terrible user interface that reminds me of Everquest Online mixed with System Shock 2.The font choices, colors, menus, controller optimization etc. are VERY rough. The game just doesn't have any soul to it.Jet Set Radio starts and it's like BAM, you're a member of this youth gang that wants to stop corrupt police and politicians, you immediately feel a connection to these characters.But in Hover, you're... a human covered in winter attire and everyone that talks to you is so overly enthusiastic and looks like they're about to drop acid and go to a rave. There are typos in the dialogue and, I'm not kidding, a male character actually used the emote ""^^"" to signal that he's happy.The characters don't have any background or development, they're just overly excitable faceless cyberpunk people that you can tell the devs wrote while thinking ""Let's make them super nice, that will make new players feel welcome!!!""All the reviews are saying ""I dislike X, Y, and Z, but the game overall is really good/promising!"" But I'll just tell you right now that, while the game has definite potential and the style is cool in a ""newbie's first 3D game"" kind of way, this isn't worth 20 dollars. The soundtrack is generic even with Hideki Naganuma's involvement. A lot of songs sound kind of ambient and quiet repetitive with some dance/techno influences. Considering that JSR's main draw was both the fun gameplay and the great music, and this game has neither, I would call this game a failed spiritual successor.I get it: a lot of the hype for this game is for people itching to have a new Jet Set Radio game and they'll take whatever they can get. If this game gets improved and maybe has a more functional single player experience, I'll change my review. But for the time being, I'm seeing people who enjoy the *FRAMEWORK* of the game and the promise it has if the devs choose to patch it and keep expanding it, but that's different from what's here: an unpolished game being sold for 20 bucks, which granted, is fairly reasonable.Many reviews for this game want it to be good to validate your belief that there's still a market for this kind of game, and trust me, there most definitely IS a market for new Jet Set Radio games. This just isn't it.Not yet, anyway."
76561198063211055,Recommended,280180,20737418,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,OhGodDontShoot,"It sells itself as the lovechild of Jet Set Radio and Mirror's Edge. It totally is.Don't get me wrong here--- at the time of this review, the content feels very thin. There are only three music tracks that play on loop because the actual original score isn't finished yet. The customization options haven't been truly implemented yet. There are only two maps, and only one of them is built for some real free-flow parkour. The game can be buggy and sometimes the framerate drops to unplayable numbers.And yet this game is STILL amazing. For the very little amount of content this currently offers, it is a blast to play. Even when you've done all the quests and seen all there is to see, this game still has an unbridled replay value which players will find by simply roaming around the city. This is still in early access so I cannot blame them for the lack of content, especially because this game is supposedly programmed by only 3 people and some outside help, but the content that is present is tons of fun. Hover: ROG is as challenging and exhilarating as it is relaxing.This game shows lots of promise. Don't wait, buy it now. Especially if you love JSR or Mirror's Edge.See the sights, make some friends, and just RUN."
,Recommended,280180,24134553,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,You Tossers,"I'm dropping a recommendation because I see the potential of this game and how it can be fun. I bought this game on the very day they released a big area update - the sewers - and immediately jumped in. While I will be the first to say that the freerunning is good fun and the mechanics are clearly thought out, I have a key issue - this game is unfinished. That's not to say that the devs don't deserve support and that the game isn't fun, but everything is already open to you, no missions required, except for character skins. You never need to actually play the game - you can, instead, just look around. It's kind of boring.My advice? Buy this game, because the devs could use the support. They're only three people, for god's sake. Then come back and play it in a year, when more content is on the table."
,Recommended,280180,31539696,Posted: 4 May,all,MyJoJob,"Solid game. The game controls smoothly, has great visuals, customization character, haven't really tested out the online mechanics, but seems to work fine from what I've seen, and HIDEKI NAGANUMA. All this from an Early Access title is a pretty good deal, in my book.My problem with this game is even though I have the recommended specs; anything outside of the lowest of the low settings makes the game run at a hard 17-24 FPS, not matter what settings I put on or remove. Might be my computer, or might be general engine issues, but this game would be fantastic for me if it wasn't for that issue.If you have a somewhat strong computer, I highly recommend this game if you need a fix for your Jet Set Radio needs. Especially until Sega wisens up and releases JSRF HD."
,Recommended,280180,26429499,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nurpl,"pretty solid for a early access game, has a learning curve but got through it with leveling and help from the friendly community, overall definitely worth I'm very interested on how far this will go."
,Recommended,280180,24159778,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jetsetskyking,"I simply love this game. the freedom of movement, the environment, the music, and competition are all amazing aspects of this game. Most of the community is friendly and supportive, and you will enjoying playing with them. I'll admit i was attracted to this game because i love jet set radio, and the influences are apparent, but this game is truly a unique product. They did not attempt to make a new jet set radio without the name, and this unique game is very fun."
,Recommended,280180,32231194,Posted: 6 June,all,FishBoy,"Jet Set Radio Fans WILL adore this game. As a advid JSR and JSRF player, this is what I have been looking for that resembles a JSR game. It has the main factors of the inspring game but different enough to be it's own game.Pros -The general art style is great and blends perfectly into gameplay while also giving the JSR type of feel it has.The controls are fluid, resopnsive and simple.The customization in this game is great as well, with color changes, stat boosting and unlockable characters to further customize.The overall desgin for the maps are detailed for wall jumping, grinding and just flat-out parkcour. Every corner has something for you to do.So far, the communtity has been wonderful and are always helping those who ask, really cool players right now.The writing is both cheesy and cool, basically all JSR writing.The music is catchy and pumps you up to race around the city.There is so many stuff to do in the game, such as getting collectiables, smashing certain holograms and spraying signs.You can create your own missions for players to play. (See cons)Cons -The game is fairly new, so bugs are a problem, kinda a big one. Sometimes, missions will prematurly end no matter how well/bad you're doing in it. On top of that, if you do complete a mission, you may have to do it more than once, a repeatinng bug as you can call it. You still get rewards and XP, which is great, but it gets repetitive after a while if it does keep happening.A controller is basically a must have in this gameThere are huge difficulty curves in certain missions. (DON'T GET ME STARTED IN THE PRISION SECTION)Mission creating is also broken, very. If its's broken, you have to ALT TAB out and close it.Thats all I can really think of about this game so far. At the end of the day, it's an Indie game, but a damn fine one. If your a fan of fast paced gameplay, parkcour or just want to check out a new game, DO NOT HESITATE to pick this game up."
76561198261522421,Recommended,280180,32220306,Posted: 6 June,all,Fazeco,great game but do not watch guide vids there almost always junk
76561198274252948,Recommended,280180,33251575,Posted: 4 July,all,TillerTheKiller,"My computer may only be able to run it on very low graphic options, but it's still one of my favorite games :D"
,Recommended,280180,33279608,Posted: 5 July,all,Mega_Zawesome,"Hover: Revolt Of Gamers is a fast paced, first/third person, open world parkour game, reminiscent of Jet Set Radio's colourful art style and music with Mirror's Edge as the parkour aspect. (To be honest, when I learned that it was a Kickstarter project, I didn't believe it at the time). It is set in the city ECP-17 where the mayor, who looks like he's got bean cans glued to his shoulders, outlawed entertainment. Maybe because he has to run a city while all the noncorporeal clones just stand around, maybe having parties, so if he has no fun, then noone has fun. I GUESS, anyway. Also, I think that's how the devs got out of making a bunch of different NPC models, just say they are clones. But how come the mayor outlaws happiness, but not the act that pretty much defies the laws of nature? Oh yeah, he's a clone, too. Your character is apart of, well, WILL be apart of a resistance movement to end the reign of The Great Admin. I'd say apart of, but you start off as a clone in a lab where your two best buds hold your hand for the tutorial. After that, you are free to do whatever you want, as long as what you want is in the first city, 'cos if you want to go somewhere else, you have to go do the story.Turns out that the resistance is called the Gamers, and their HQ is located in the sewers, at the very top, which seems redundant cos' they have a DJ playing music pretty much forever. It's suprising how they haven't been caught yet.Speaking of music, the soundtrack is quite good, it has two songs by Hideki Naganuma, who also worked on Jet Set's soundtrack. The music that plays is determined by where you are on the map(s). If you are in the sewers, Underground plays. If you are in the HQ or in a club/bar, Naganuma's pieces play.In most of the maps, the main characters are strewn about the place, either delivering quips or tips when you talk to them or handing out missions, but when you get to the HQ, all of them are there doing something. The grammar in some of the text is a tad bad, and on some occasions, weird. I am one to forgive studios who's main language isn't English, as long it is fixed in a later update. But plot holes are everywhere in the game. If the sewers are supposed to be secure so noone could get into it without a keycard which unlocks a holo-door when you tackle it, then how does the rivaling resistance get in so easily and start stealing stuff? Or why does the other resistance hate the Gamers when they share similar ideals and both want to stop The Great Admin? Why does the guy who dislikes cloning when A: He is a clone himself, and B: He pretty much made a clone (the player) at the labs? Well, at least the gameplay good, some missions are near to impossible without other players or exploiting the AIs of the NPCs, but fun nevertheless. Run, jump, bounce, grind, do backflips, jump for a ledge and just barely miss it. But that's alright, because there is an interesting mechanic where you can press a button to ""rewind"" your movements. There is another thing I would point out very specifically, but I'd like to let people find it themselves. There are references to shows, notably cartoons, and they are fairly easy to recognize. Going back to you! The clone. You can customize your character on the basis of colours. Though, I don't see many people being creative since they just pick black clothing and white energy. For some of the palettes, there are more colours, but the game is a little bad at telling us about them. Also, before I forget, they have a detection system for pirates, it's just they don't use it to it's potential. As in, they can detect a pirate, but pirates can play online.""But we solved the pirate issue! We made the pirates name in the user's player list RED!""""Anything else besides that?""""We put a sarcastic quip next to their name, emphasizing the fact that they are pirates.""When I saw the change log, I did have a chuckle when I saw that they put (yaaaaarrrr) next to the ""feature.""You can name your character, but they changed it so when your name shows up in the player list, it shows your Steam name instead of your character name, still not using their features as well as intended. The character name only shows up  when someone joins a mission, and nowhere else.You can upgrade your character with chips (as in microchips) to make your character better at jumping, running, etc. The game is also bad at telling you that in certain spots, you can put chips adjacent to each other to increase it's strength. It makes sense that having more of one chip would decrease in it's effectiveness to avoid the overpowered setup, it does not make sense when you remove a chip, the chip behind it (that was sealed by the chip that was moved) is still locked.TL;DRA fast paced parkour game that's missing polish in some areas, but not in the gameplay."
76561197970060022,Recommended,280180,34297438,Posted: 16 August,all,Furyior,i saw this game on steam and then i saw its price and could not resist picking it upi was not disappointed.like most people i think i found the movement a little strange at first but once i got used to it i was soon flying across the city like i was running on cloudsi highly recommend this game to anyone who likes extreme sports style games and want a casual multiplayer game to play to pass some time.
,Recommended,280180,34916762,Posted: 13 September,all,EmeraldNinja,"This is a well developed game that has stood up toMy expectations. However, I feel like it could be added to but that's just me.Overall it is a good buy for parkour lovers!"
,Recommended,280180,35048270,Posted: 18 September,all,Tyflo,"The game kinda resists indepth critiquing. It's not paticularily deep or anything, it's just really good, like, really good. I enjoyed the game the same way I enjoyed games such as Sonic Generations, they're not complex or all that difficult, they're just really fun to play.The game has excellent presentation; the game sounds great, with a fun and catchy soundtrack made by Hideki Naganuma (the Jet Set Radio guy) and satisfying sound effects. The game has an eye-catching style, this with the large open levels makes the game look really impressive, even if the game isn't all that graphically intensive. The characters are well designed and look appealing and the user interface is clean and sharp.The main strength of this game is the gameplay, which is complex enough to make you feel like you're really good, but easy enough that it doesn't take a while to feel like you're really good. The sliding, running, parkouring and tricks are incredibly fun to pull off, the fast pace of the game is exciting, the multiplayer is fine too; gonna have to deduct points for the stealth gameplay, which isn't very good. To support the gameplay, the controls are intuitive and responsive of keyboard and mouse, it feels satisfying to pull tricks off thanks to the good controls, I can't comment on the controls on a controller because I haven't tried them.The game is low on substance, the plot is simple and there aren't many twists and turns, the story is really just there so that there's a reason to do the missions past ""they're fun."", that being said the world building in the game is very strong if you take time to read the emails, it makes the world feel alive, which is quite impressive considering how simple the plot is. The writing is solid, it's not amazing, but the characters are likable and dialogue is fine.The level design is incredibly solid for the most part, the developers are aware that the game's strength lies in open areas that allow for impressive trick combos; they change up the formula in some of the areas, for the most part these areas are pretty good, the underground is still very open but has set out races and lines as opposed to the freeform parkour of the open world, it works, the races are fun. The final area is also quite closed, but it is still enjoyable, supplying much more challenge than the rest of the game, with precise platforming, which is quite awkward with the quick controls, but you get used to it.However, all this praise goes out the window with the prison. Which in short is awful, in slightly longer it's REALLY REALLY awful. The game's weakest aspect is it's stealth, so a level entirely based around slowly stealthing doesn't work, slowly moving through these tight enclosures through the confusing level design is really frustrating, the game is hard to control when moving slow, afterall the game is build for going fast; this leads to lots of restarts due to getting caught, which is really annoying. The prison is pretty ugly to look at, it's quite bland compared to the bright and impressive visuals of Haven City or the Admin District, add to this the grating music and it's just a chore to sit through, it's not all that long but it feels like it takes hours.The game is amazing if you can get through the prison."
,Recommended,280180,32351065,Posted: 11 June,all,Sleep Drifter,Awesome game. Some issues with missions quitting randomly when in online mode. Will scratch your JSRF itch for sure.
76561198356207317,Recommended,280180,33789344,Posted: 25 July,all,(iHasCoffee)BlankFace,This game is brilliant! I love the graphics and would to see it progress even further!
76561198025305237,Recommended,280180,15242151,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jaryndar,"This is an open world, free roam parkour game with no set goals. The controls are tricky but once you get the hang of it things go a lot smoother. I have been enjoying it."
,Recommended,280180,15242442,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zathorn,"When I first found this game after looking up games that were similar to Jet Set Radio I instantly thought the game was going to be awesome, and now after buying it and playing for a little bit I still think it is awesome. It is just alot of fun to go around and parkour off of everything can't wait to see what else they have in store for this game :D"
,Recommended,280180,32190930,Posted: 4 June,all,GODFΛLL,"This game got way better at its release, I hope they keep it up with awesome updates and id really like new areas too!"
76561198303120251,Not Recommended,280180,33008364,Posted: 29 June,all,CloudandCollected,"Despite the resemblance in mechanics to Jet Set Radio Future and getting minor help on the OST from legendary composer HIDEKI NAGANUMA. Hover: Revolt of Gamers feels a little empty. Which is perfectly fine for my playstyle. After a few hours, and a few returns, I got bored of the game.The control scheme for the default Duelshock 4 controller was clustered and required custom mapping in order to function efficently, it doesn't help the vauge names for the buttons are duplicated for directions on the thumbsticks.The OST is a mixed bag leaning towards positive, with the weakest and quirkiest track being the title screen menu.For experimental as this game is, it has plently of style. If a few missions and areas changed around, it would make for a better single player game than it does for a MMO."
,Recommended,280180,17492532,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sleepwalker,"This game is dope! hands down! just like they say, its like jet grind radio and mirrors edge. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,280180,32104221,Posted: 1 June,all,Rhxxi,Played for 2 hrs and I dont know what the F I m doingit's awesome.
76561198080982049,Not Recommended,280180,32950593,Posted: 28 June,all,NekoNinja13,"Hover: Revolt of Gamers is a game i've been following since kickstarter first became well known. I was extremely excited when i found out this game released, despite the fact that the streachgoals that i was really looking foward to didn't get funded. Unfortunetly this game is just mediocre. The music is great. The story is campy but still alright, and even funny at times. the graphics look like an hd port of a ds game. And lastly the gameplay is inconsistent. Regular running and jumping is alot of fun, until you run out of stamina, then you have to find a way to grind or slide (and if that isn't on your parkour path you're ♥♥♥♥ed). Also the ""RPG"" elements also suck. It's cool when you unlock a new character, but it sucks when you have to level them up, and find equipment for them, also the rpg stuff breaks the game. You just run 3 feet, hit top speed, and jump 150 feet, which kind of breaks the whole parkour thing. Lastly the biggest issue is that the game forces you to play basket ball, yes basket ball. Why the ♥♥♥♥ would i want to play basket ball!? even worse is that your AI teammates suck, and the enemy AI can throw the ball at half courtand hit 90% of the time. And guess what the final boss fight is a basket ball game where the enemy team has 4 hoops for scoring (yes 4) and they're all on ground level too. also your AI allies cant get any points because they can't parkour all the way up to the top of the tower to score a point in your one basket (yes 1). so while the enemy team is score left and right, youre lucky to get one point. So, no, don't get this game. Only get it if you cant play Jet Set Radio again"
76561198095519810,Recommended,280180,15324744,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jayapplez,"I approach a race point, my palms are sweaty, and am a little intimidated by the Gamers around me. My HUD pulls up their Experience levels, 2 are max level (10) and the 3rd is a level 9, I'm level 8 not too far behind the others. They are all waiting for me at the start line waiting for me to scan into the race, I do it. The countdown meter begins 3.....2.....1.....We all begin to run, dashing through the neon flashing streets of Hover City, grinding on rails, flipping through traffic, leaping over pedestrians, human, alien, tentacle-man, robogirl, it didn't matter I had only one thing on my mind...to win. I grinded a rail to catch up to the level 9 that was zooming ahead of me, as i gain on her, I cartwheel over her to switch to another rail, and grind through the checkpoint. As i zoom past the lvl9 my HUD plays a sound cue....HoverHeat is activated. The bright blue neon lights on my character glow even brighter, the light trails following my shoes are even stronger, my grind speed gets even faster, I leap off of the rail and dash through Hover traffic leaving, dazed drivers and streaks of beautiful blue behind me. I have the two lvl10s in my sight fighting for 1st place...they had no clue I was coming. I peek at the top right of my HUD and it displays that there is only one checkpoint left, it was now or never. As i round a corner, right on the Red and Green light trails that the lvl10s left behind, a FlyBox manufactured HoverTruck is speeding towards me..""Is this it?"" I think.No.I slide mid-run, and begin to build up HoverHeat..""Cmoonnnnn"" I beg as the Truck gets even closer. The Sound Cue plays, with a split second left,  I leap forward, over the FlyBox truck, and stylishly perform a trick, to maintain my HoverHeat. The lvl 10s had noticed me and look back, amazed with my near-death escape, in fact so amazed they don't see the other HoverTruck in front of them. The Truck knocks the two Veteran Gamers away in an instant and I quickly steal first place from the both of them and fly throught the  Final Checkpoint with the level9 10secs behind me.Jay Wins, my HUD displays.In the bottom right corner, a chatbox pulls up and displays a message from one of the lvl10s, Minimumu.""Great Race!"" it reads.I am a Gamer, and I live to Level."
,Recommended,280180,32116522,Posted: 1 June,all,Kuribo,"I have been a fan of JSR/JSRF for a long time (starting off cliche but hear me out). I have every existing version of JSR and JSRF which includes: The UK release, American release, Japanese Original relelase and Japanese ""Du La Jet Set Radio"" release. I also own the Green box, Red box and split with GT 2002 versions of JSRF. I LOVE the Jet Set Radio franchise.A while ago I heard of this game and it was described as Jet Set Radio's spirtitual successor. I had a small peek at it but never really bothered for some reason, but a few days ago I got a notification that this game had finally been fully released and wasn't in early access anymore - so me being me, I instantly bought it without a second thought. I looked at a few playthroughs/reviews of the game while it downloaded and I was personally impressed; it was made by 3 developers.As soon as it was ready to play I booted it up and played it for an hour to get a taster. I woke up today, and haven't stopped playing it since. I don't have too many hours under my belt currently but I can assure you that will change.From what I have played, I LOVE IT. But as with every game, there is a list of cons, as well of pro's.Pro's:- It has the JSR/JSRF vibe to it- The controls are tight and responsive- The game feels smooth and plays like a dream- The RPG elements are nice and not overwhelming- You can create your own missionsCon's:- Trying to navigate this game is pretty tricky and confusing - there's no real guidline of where to go or what to do next- The initial tutorial wasn't too wonderful and didn't really cover all that you could do- There is still a few bugs kicking aboutBonus Points:- They devs got Hideki Naganuma to come and do the soundtrack! (The person who made the soundtrack to JSR/JSRF)I cannot think of too many cons, and they are only minor things that I am sure the developers will work on in due time. The game is a blast and so much fun to play, I've not stopped playing it all day, and with friends it adds to the fun. You can compete in races and see who can do what the fastest and much more. Overall the game is phenomenal and I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of JSR/JSRF or someone who isn't! It's a game that anyone can pick up and enjoy and has such a lovely vibe. It's a game that is standout and unique - something hard to find nowadays. While the price may put you off, I highly recommend this to anyone looking to explore a game with a little more of a unique touch!:DHappy gaming!"
,Recommended,280180,32099886,Posted: 31 May,all,spook and fright,"Takes all the fun elements from games like Jet Set Radio, Tony Hawks Pro Skater, and a hint of Mirror's Edge, to then bundle them into a stylistic cyberpunk setting... with an open online hub world... where you can free run and quest with friends.For the current £12 sale, and even for £15, you get a really fun game which so-far seems packed with stuff to do.Bargain."
,Recommended,280180,32094190,Posted: 31 May,all,Elsie (LCL),"An absolute blast of a game. Big open areas with tons of stuff to collect, tons of side missions, cool and fun characters, and a real sense of momentum and speed. It's the Jet Set Radio spiritual succesor that we wanted all this time! Lots of playable characters, and the locations are a real spectacle. If you're looking for a Jet Set Radio game, this is it. If you're looking for what Mirror's Edge Catalyst SHOULD have been, this is it. If you're looking for a fun open-world parkour game, this is your game! And it's got multiplayer, a level editor, and a soundtrack featuring Hideki Naganuma!Into parkour games? I highly reccomend this.A fan of Mirror's Edge and Jet Set Radio? This is a MUST BUY."
,Recommended,280180,30515052,Posted: 14 March,all,Tex,"This game is aweome! I got it back in the summer of 2016 and its still very playable, with lots of paces to explore and missions to complete. The music can be a bit repetitive in missions but it's great music so I dont mind. 10/10 best game made by 3 people that I own."
76561198316652518,Recommended,280180,30564490,Posted: 17 March,all,Penryn,"Lucio: The Game. XD All jokes aside, this game is really good for early access. It looks great and is fairly well optimized (until you turn on SSR, then it halfs your FPS and doesn't change much).While I never played Jet Set Radio, I hear this is somewhat similar, I quickly caught on to the controls having played a lot of Lucio in Overwatch. The gameplay is ROCK SOLID. The only gripe I have with the it is that the bounce is somewhat unpredictable until you figure out that pressing any direction when you bounce bounces you in that direction. Also the upgrade system is very interesting and really does change how you play the game; if you change one character some and then create a new one, the difference is very noticable. The inclusion of different.. races?.. allows for more diverse gamelpay as each has strengths and weaknesses.This game's not perfect though. You have to talk to NPCs to figure out all of your moveset as the specifics for wall running, the mere existance of wall riding, and the bounce are not taught in the tutorial. You also have to go through several hours worth of missions in order to advance the plot farther than what is explained in the tutorial. You eventually unlock the prison, which in not fun. You sneak around, it's slow and confusing, and takes a long time for little payoff; more plot info that ultimately leads to more questions than answers. The in game models for some characters, such as Greendy and Watabox are much, much worse looking than their artwork (the chracter artwork is really good though).Is this game worth playing? I'd say yes for the gameplay and art style alone. It has such great potential and I really look forward to the full release."
,Recommended,280180,32117482,Posted: 1 June,all,NDKiwi,"It still lacks a bit of polish, but its a fantasticly fun experience.  Also HIpets are something I never knew I wanted in this game until I received my 1st.."
,Recommended,280180,28020190,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sophomoric,"To see such an incredible fleet of a game done by just a small team amazes me. A reimagining of an amazing game series done with such passion. I eagerly await each update as they creep slowly towards a full release title. Thats why I nominated this game The""WHOOOAAAAAAA, Dude!""Award. I wish the best to Fusty Games and Midgar Studio."
,Recommended,280180,32151991,Posted: 3 June,all,Doomfiss,"Only really had time for one solid playsession so far, but it lasted 7 hours...so that probably means that I like it.Three native french people made this game and the writing is very naive euro-engrish (franglais?), but this only adds to the game's weird, graffiti-plastered charm. The story is the typical anti-establishment allegory; a plucky gangy of expressive urban youths vs. the fascist anti-fun regime, and this is written with about as much subtlety as you'd expect.It's still quite charming though, largely due to the cartoonish, comedic nature of the character interactions and expositional codex entries, which help keep things feeling irreverent and laidback, and suit the game's oddly slapstick hip-hop/rave aesthetic. Sort of like Jet Set Radio meets The Fifth Element.Some missions may involve grabbing a box with a city-dweller's pet inside and taking it on a high-velocity walk, whilst another had me carrying expired boxes of sushi to nearby waste bins dotted around the neon highrises. The variety is good, and they get a lot of mileage out of the base mechanics of running, jumping and grinding (in addition to carrying and throwing objects, such as in the sports-influenced GameBall matches).These are all playable in multiplayer, although currently the missions are all advesarial, with only the first player to finish being awarded a medal/completion credit, progressing cooperatively is apparently still something being worked on by the devs.Exploring together while searching for the multitude of hidden collectibles or completing open-world tasks (such as breaking through signs at high speed or covering propaganda posters with graffiti) is still a lot of fun in a group, but completing the mainline story, for now at least, seems to be more of a singleplayer affair.I definitely recommend Hover, especially if you're a fan of the various influences that it wears on its neon pink fishnet sleeve. It's also just a great fit for anyone that enjoys bright colours and the thrill of jumping around amidst them."
,Recommended,280180,32283787,Posted: 8 June,all,occullt,"Hover is a fantastic exploration into the parkour genre of video games. You'll often find yourself standing on top of a roof looking down into a futuristic city while other players fly past, their colorful light trails creating streamers in the air. This game does a great job of making you feel like you are limitless in your movement capabilities as you grind cables and frontflip over massive gaps. While I do highly recommend this game, it does have some flaws which I'll cover below.The Good:-Fantastic movement system which works flawlessly in all but one specific scenario: vertical wall jumping-Character customization. While there aren't any cosmetics, there is a pretty broad roster of characters to choose from with more on their way, and you can change every color on a character model to make it your own. Your light color also changes the HUD color to match which is a neat addition.-Awesome soundtrack. I'm not too into the electro-jazz style of music in the first part of the city, but the thumping electronic in the sewers really matches the game's visual aesthetic.-RPG stats. You unlock upgrades to build your character how you'd like to, and they can be gathered very easily by opening containers found around the world or completing missions and leveling up.-Single and Multiplayer. Swapping out between the two is as easy as pressing a button.-Third/First Person camera views. I began in third person, but after switching to the first person cam, I can't go back. Its such a cool feeling to leap from building to building in first person.The Bad:-Difficulty. I really, really like challenging games, but some of this game's challenges are RIDICULOUS. One mistake, even the slightest deviation from the fastest route you can go, can result in the loss of the challenge. Not all of the challenges are like this, but there is a certain race-type jumping challenge that I spent about 2 hours on. If I messed up once I had to restart from the beginning. This may appeal to some and not to others.-Some of the taller buildings can be very difficult to get on to. With a fully upgraded character it isn't really an issue, but for new players or those who are kitted for speed or some other stat may have trouble achieving the highest heights the game has to offer.-UI. While I've gotten used to it, the UI can be a bit much at first. Instead of having an open-able quest log, it is always in the upper right hand corner of your screen. Minimized, yes, but still there. There's always an ever-present timer as well, even when you aren't in a race or mission or anything. While free roaming it doesn't do anything, but it still bugs me that it's there when it isn't needed.-Translations. From what I understand, the company who made this is French. The game is 100% understandable to a native English speaker, its just that some things sound weird and out of place. The sentences are fine, but they use strange round-about ways of saying things some times, which could be bothersome to some.-Cringe. Everything about this game is beautiful, but you'll occasionally run across some 'rawr XD' level cringe dialogue. Its very very rare, but when it happens, it kind of pulls you out of the experience. Not to mention the 'Revolt of Gamers' part of the game title, which is sort of lame too. But hey, the name doesn't make the game.The Iffy:-Mechanical skill required for some of the challenges may turn younger/casual players away-Graphical style may not appeal to all-This is a very niche genre of game which may not appeal to allOverall, I'm having nothing but fun with Hover. It has a bright graphical style very reminiscent of parts of Borderlands and character design straight out of some sort of Ratchet and Clank graffiti on the side of a bullet train. So, is the game fun? Yes. Is it worth the value? Yes. Do I recommend it? Yes."
,Recommended,280180,32213062,Posted: 5 June,all,Kip,"The more that i play this game and really think about it, this (for a multiplayer game) is going to be as close as you could possibly get to being a perfect game and i've never really said that about a game before.when you first jump into a game you're greeted with a tutorial and plopped in game where you can instantly run around, jump, grind, wallride, and slide around and get a hang of the parkour system (you're able to play in third and first person which both feel very intuitive and both work very well, which not many games that have both a first and third person can really pull off this level of quality from both so i was quite surprised, first person feeling like mirrors edge, and third feeling like jet set radio so it's just up to personal preference). You then notice their are various missions that you can do around the map that will take the form of race's, deliveries, ""gameball"" (which is like basketball in a way), etc. and various hybrids of the bunch (for example there's a mission where you vs. some bot's run through checkpoints which count as a point as long as your holding the ball and you can punch and take the ball from each other) and these missions can be played solo, or if you're playing the same mission with friends they can either be played competitively or cooperatively depending on the type of mission, the races feel so much fun to run through (slightly reminisent of sonic generations) and gameball can be extremely intense and fun with some friends (also slightly reminisent of rocket league). not only that but you can make your own missions as well and have your friends participate in them. After completing the main missions you move on to various maps. The starting area being ""haven district"" moving on to ""the sewers"" (which is like the hide out for all the rebels), ""e-cop prision"", the ""administrative district"", and ""e-cop tower"", but there might be more i don't know of yet, appearantly you have to get a certain amount of experience (your team rank) in order to move onto these levels, i personally had too much fun messing around to notice this right off the bat so i just walked on in later on when i felt like it, which i saw some people complaining about this but you rank up SO fast and have fun while doing it so i didn't really care too much.enouph♥♥♥♥♥kissing, onto some cons: the map will glitch on a few occasions falling through the map, flying through it when going way too fast ect. | the tutorial kinda messed with me a bit and made me initially think the game was going to be way more complicated than it actually is, it almost scared me a bit and DID make one of my friends shy away from the game entirely which bummed me out a little so i would really encourage a revision on the tutorial situation. | And finnally the ""stealth"" this was probably one of both me and my friends' biggest pet peaves, you have certain areas that are pressure sensitive meaning you can't walk on them normally and you can't jump nor land on these platform's meaning you have to hold shift (or i guess whatever you may bind this to) which technically acts as your crouch walking button but this is also the button you use for almost all parkour in the game ie. wallriding, grinding and most importantly sliding which in a game that revolves around parkour to have you suddenly navigate through a maze trying to find your objective slowly and safely is really disorienting so i don't really know what could have been done to make this work but it is what it is.This game has a whole parkour system and just came out so there are a couple of minor bugs with the whole map glitch thing (which is fairly rare) here and there but they do have an option to report these bugs so they'll likely be ironed out in the future but that is really all i have to say on that front.That's pretty much all i can cover in words, there is just something about this game that really feels purely fun and is just a blast to play, playing 48 hours in the past 5 days i think is proof enough xD. I hope and pray that more content will come in the future ie. more characters, more maps, etc. which from what i've been able to gather that's probably going to be the case, but don't rush it! There is loads of content and replayability to be had as is, so there is no need to rush or anything like that but i look forward to what the future holds for this game ;)TL;DR: Buy this game! Hover : Revolt Of Gamers has got something for everyone and pulls almost all of it off tremendously! To put it simply it's fun and will keep you busy for hours! :D"
,Recommended,280180,32219800,Posted: 6 June,all,clockpie,"https://youtu.be/0Kvw2BPKjz0It's different, but simple to learn hard to master."
,Recommended,280180,32372534,Posted: 12 June,all,Johnny,"great game, kinda like a cross between jet set radio future and mirror's edge. it has some bugs like missions auto leaving somtimes and some just being really broken. its simple but endless fun!"
76561198074185297,Recommended,280180,18157718,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Doc,10/10 NGIIf only this game was on the vita...
,Recommended,280180,23745062,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Funky Boy,"so this is everything mirrors edge 2 or a new jet set radio game should have been with an added dose of some pcp or other hip party drug that the kids use these days.from the well designed hyper neon city to the sheer speed and fluidity of the movement i have never played a game quite like this. for an entire hour i ran around the city aimlessly and just listned to the soundtrack, I havn't even started the first mission yet!the only problem i have with the game so far is the sheer bombardment of text when you start, it feels as though i'm playing world of warcraft and not some kind of mirrors edge-JSR mashup like i should be.other than that complaint though this game is pretty good for a chill time, would reccomend."
,Recommended,280180,32272312,Posted: 8 June,all,Silvy,"Fluid movement and fast-paced mobility is what I like best in games. This game cranks those things up to 11!I absolutely love the game. Would reccomend, but It could be improved with buyable clothing though. that would be awesome!"
,Recommended,280180,23155583,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,|JSRL| SecaNaChuva,"Ever played Jet Set Radio? This game was inspired in it.Simply put: it's an open-world Tokyo-to where you can grind and spray without restrictions, and a storyline quite similar to Jet Set's.If you never played Jet Set, this game is a wild ride of grinds, graffiti and running."
76561198395001703,Recommended,280180,35214392,Posted: 25 September,all,Magiktako,"(Based on solo playthrough)If you loved the Jet Set Radio series (which I will be bringing up often), even the rough edges, then you should have no problem having a blast with Hover.Positives:+Beautiful big open-world city with several districts.+Art style draws from JSR/JSRF but feels unique at the same time+Decent controls, though not perfect.+Story serves well with a multitude of different characters.+Fair amount of character customization, which is always a plus since not all games include that.+Custom grafitti.+Different modes and types of objectives keep the game from getting stale too quickly.+3rd and 1st person POVNeutrals:~The soundtrack is alright, and it fits the futuristic environment. I was especially excited to see Hideki Naganuma take part in some of its production, but it's not really what he mixed up for JSR or JSRF, which were both two ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT soundtracks (hell, I wish Hideki would just start making albums like JSRF's and sell them, my wallet would be wide open for that).~Not everything is explained really well, particularly the character development. Some people like that, so they can have a learning experience without assistance, but to others it might be frustrating. I feel neutral about it.~Developed primarily by only three people. Impressive by any standards, and I congratulate them with full respect intended. However, less people means less development, and time for it therefore, so some people may grow impatient. I have no problem with it however.~Some models might look a little unfinished, but to me it gives a flair that the JSR titles had. This isn't Crysis so don't have high expectations.~Assorted typos. Since this is a text-based game with no voice acting, it might drive some nerds crazy but it's not too hard to get over it, and you can tell what they're trying to say.~Small community. Some like that, some don't. I think the game would grow more with an active, larger community, but it doesn't ruin anything.Negatives:-Like in the JSR games, some level layouts and missions will frustrate you, sometimes too much.-No fullscreen. (edit: at first I said no borderless fullscreen but it's the other way around, you only get borderless or windowed)-General glitches, such as Gameballs falling out of the map and delaying a race, annoying things like that.-Hideki Naganuma isn't SEGA, so it's not a third JSRThat about sums things up, I give it my approval. I haven't tried online yet but I'm sure it's fun as well, as solo has been great. $20 full price is more than reasonable, and I hope the devlopers continue to update the game, and at least add some unreleased characters in the future. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,280180,32229575,Posted: 6 June,all,America man,"probably the only game ive ever played where i both have a terrible headache and want to stop playing, but cant stop playing because its too ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198153028061,Recommended,280180,23985905,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SuicidalPotato,"At first, the framerate was horrible and caped at 5fps. But now, the devolpers have done so much to fix the game like better the frame rate and add new areas. and this is still an alpha build so alot more will be added. I highly recomend this game."
76561197999327150,Recommended,280180,32259628,Posted: 7 June,all,MisterMIG,i have played a bunch of this game and i would have to say it is by far my favorite game of the year so far it's absolutely amazing what this small team has managed to pull off i would have to highly recommend it for anyone who loved jet set radio
76561198043758355,Recommended,280180,32164288,Posted: 3 June,all,Plazma60,"Fun as hell, lots to do and explore and very interesting gameplay. Using a controller for reference."
,Recommended,280180,32173636,Posted: 4 June,all,GoFastHog,nothing but fast 10/10
76561197986206764,Recommended,280180,32132273,Posted: 2 June,all,Crazy Eyed Pangolin,"I don't write many reviews. But I thought I would for this indie style game since really besides mirrors edge and MAYBE assassin's creed. There are not many games that focus on the parkour aspect of things.So far I would say I have found this very enjoyable. Haven't really played with people yet even though I was in a ""server"" with other people. I unlocked my first character Greedy (or is it Greedly?) You get them by beating them in races. There are plenty of hidden things through out the map making a collector find this enjoyable. After awhile you are able to get a ""pet"" that follows you around. Which I liked but they are a hologram which is one of the main themes through the game. Very tron like IMO.Good things?* Easy to play and get into* Easy to learnCons?* No map to look at (needs to be added for something this massive)*  The way point arrow goes away way too fast at tiems when I want to explore the area I jsut got to. (again having a map would help0* No way to select the mission (atleast that I have not found at this time)Tips at this time (may update later):* Learn to slide and jump after the slide to gain an energy boost upon landing. This will keep your energy meter up! Making you run faster.* Get the hang of when to hold shift and when to let go specially on wall runs as it will allow you to hug round corners.Over all I am finding the game enjoyable and hope to be able to make some friends in it that I can play with to race with and find collectables.Have a great one!Crazy Eyed Pangolin"
,Recommended,280180,17565651,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,littlegroover,">>>If you are eager to try a new game that is  different to your everyday casual games and don't mind not having a complete game to work with/ giving feedback to create a good game. Look no further. However I advise purchasing Hover when it is on a sale, since I cannot reccomend paying $19.99 for an early access game is partially overpriced for what you are getting. On the other hand, the price of which Hover is at  goes towards the development team to improve the game further.<<<>>> If you are searching for a game that is finished and works perfectly without bugs, glitches and crashes, I suggest you don't purchase this game as it will be a waste of your steam wallet and your time. <<<Hover : Revolt of Gamers is an early access game; this means that there will be bugs and glitches, the story wont be complete, it will be light on content. However, it means it will be improved. Every update will bring something new to the game, be it a new area of map to search or a bug fix. Steam may publicise this game as an early access game but it is in fact only in its alpha stage, meaning it has a long way to go before it will be complete.Anyone who has played Jet set radio and enjoyed it, I encourage you immensely to buy Hover : Revolt of Gamers as it is pretty much a modern descendant  to the game and will bring you lots of nostalgia.Hover is a mixture between Jet set radio and mirrors edge, you get the brilliant music amidst doing parkour in an open world (although at this stage, a small portion of a map that will begin to grow).The only problem which will deter you from buying Hover is the optimisation. On low Graphics with a resolution of 800x640, my laptop (which has a Geforce GT 635m)  can get roughly 25-30 fps, on the reccommended default I can gather only 12-18 fps.  Also the default is set to a french keyboard- since it is a french game- but can be easily switched to other.Overall, I'd reccomend this game if you want something new to try, if you can handle the rough optimisation, I would definitley give this game a place on your steam library.  Furthermore it has full controller support and will have VR support in the near future, if you get motion sickness, I wouldn't use your VR headset for this game when it is fully compatible.-Littlegroover"
,Recommended,280180,32103781,Posted: 1 June,all,Xonah,"As a lifelong fan of the Jet Set Radio franchise and a fan of parkour, I am amazed by this masterpiece. I rarely find games that suit my interests, hence why I rarely play them. However, this is a game that for once I could potentially become addicted to.Everything you see in your map is a platform. You can jump and grind on just about everything. Leveling up your character is slow in the beginning, but once you start to obtain chips that boost your skill levels, the process is much faster and actually much more enjoyable. The music is wonderful as well. I've been a lifelong fan of Hideki Naganuma's work. I'm certain that most kickstarter and EA players mainly looked forward to his music in he game, just as I did, but Cedric has also put in some decent tunes. However, I wish that the songs changed overtime while still in the same stage, similarly to Jet Set Radio. The same song didn't always play as long as you stayed in one area. But it's fine just how it is. The best songs play during missions and challenges.I suggest finding friends who also own the game and running alongside them during your journey of leveling up. It's not necessary and the game is just as fun without it, but it's a great experience with friends. I've tried. However, I do wish that there were more co-op missions that helped you progress. Most missions you do with a friend turn into challenges.  But gameball missions are co-op by default.The controls are quite nice in my opinion, but I HIGHLY reccomend using a controller I use an Xbox controller and it works just fine.The visuals are amazing although my laptop isn't able to run at high resolution and high graphic settings. This game runs well on a stock graphics card when you bring the settings to [Very Low]."
,Recommended,280180,33006709,Posted: 29 June,all,BidoofoYakuza,Welp I bought this during a sale for full price and DO NOT REGRET it one bit its absolutely amazing and worth every penny.
,Recommended,280180,34962959,Posted: 14 September,all,Doctor Flopsy Wopsy,Get it.It's Amazing.Jet Set Radio Has its Sequel right here.
,Recommended,280180,34534946,Posted: 27 August,all,onii,"CAN'T STOP, WON'T STOP"
,Recommended,280180,32112955,Posted: 1 June,all,BABYBABYの夢,"Even tho its clearly inspired by Jet Set Radio It archives to be a great game on its own and not just a JSRF clone by improving the formula with parkour instead of only roller blades, a great and original movement system and multiplayer"
,Recommended,280180,32117018,Posted: 1 June,all,Botanist,"I recommend this game only if you want to help the devs fix it. This game should be labled as Early Access. Many times quests wont let you start them because the NPC is busy with someone else, missions will stop in the middle with no notice of failure or success, NPC's will reset with no notice, your main mission marker will change without you touching it... Suffice it to say there are quite a few issues still around in this game. The gameplay is extremely fun and I really hope the devs can fix things but until that happens, this game should be labled Early Access."
,Recommended,280180,32102555,Posted: 1 June,all,Vix,Fun game! A bit hard for scrubs like myself at first.
76561198081329961,Recommended,280180,16572091,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ALL CAPS,"EDIT 8/7/15- This is my review for the new update, Hover Alpha 3.0As of now, the new update is awesome. The new city is amazing. New missions, reworked missions, better optimization. More vibrant, more options in movement and what not. I have very few gripes. 9/10ORIGINAL- At the moment, I recommend Hover, but at one's own risk. Since it's still early access, there's still some things that need to be worked out, and as such, I'll try to cover what I think are the most important problems, as well as notable high points. Note- this is a very long review. A TL:DR is at the bottom for convenience.There are a lot of things good about Hover. It has the skating and tricks of Jet Set Radio, combined with the first person and beautiful atmposphere of Mirror's Edge, which is a great combination. First person is an awesome experience (there is also the default third person, and an ""auto mode"", where it's first person until certain tricks are done, switching to third person so people can keep their bearings, and then back), the music, while limited at the moment, is great, and the atmosphere and environment is amazing.  It's fun to just run around the city doing flips and tricks, and it's an easy time sink. Trying to do the side activities like jumping through the displays or collecting small clusters layered around the city is fun as well. A thing that I didn't like at first but grew to like was mission difficulty.As you do more missions for people, the harder they become, and for the most part, there will be a lot of retries. However, once beating said missions, the payoff of experience, character skins, and general satisfaction outweigh how hard it was to get to that point. These missions of varying difficulty are mainly for anyone involved with the resistance; the main characters if you will. There are also repeatable missions for side characters, that you can do as many times as you like. These vary in difficulty across the board, so it's great for practicing different skills. The different mission types are currently races, variations of delivery type missions, and what I call Secubox fishing, where you try and lure Secuboxes (police tools meant to take delivery packages) into traps.The main problem to me is progress saving. During my initial playthrough, I decided to play offline, to grow accustomed to the game. I gained about 4 levels of experience, at which point I decided to go online. While online, I gained about 2 more levels, and did a lot more missions, even gaining a character skin. Here is where the problem lies. Upon quitting, and then going back offline later in the day, my character had gone back to level 4, and all of the missions I had done while online I also had to redo. I don't know if this is is an intentional setting or not, but all that work I had done online was now for nothing, and I had to redo some of the harder missions in the game, which took long enough before.A second instance of this is after I unlocked the last character skin currently available, in which I decided to try it out. I decided to create a new character (called ""gamer"" in-game, probably should have mentioned that earlier) to use a different skin. After creating the new character, making sure I had selected a different character slot, I learned that for some reason, this new character was saved over the last one, meaning all of the progress I made on my original character was now last forever. While I plan on redoing all of the missions with the new character, it's still annoying to know that I can never go back to my original character when I don't want to do missions. This problem may be a one-off thing, but still decided to mention it nonethelss.Besides that, the other problems I see are fairly minor. It mainly has to do with the Secubox missions, where Secuboxes constantly get stuck on corners or dissapear entirely. There also seems to be instances where missions won't trigger unless you leave and come back a certain number of times (for me this only happens with Otello missions). As for suggestions, I feel as though tricks should be possible while carrying a packages.TL:DR- I would recommend the game, but be warned that your progress could vanish without notice, and there are other annoying bugs that aren't bad, but are still cumbersome. Probably wouldn't recommend making more than one character until the above mentioned bug is fixed (or looked into at least). As of 6/20/15, my score is 7/10.Edit 1 (6/21/15)- another addition that I think would be really handy is a map of some sort. It's very easy to get lost sometimes, or run around in circles, and I think some sort of map could have alleviate that.Edit 2 (6/24/15)- about the progess from online not transferring to offline, I believe that was a bug and a one-off thing. Haven't been online since so I'm not sure though. As for the saving over of a character, I found out that currently you can't have two characters with the same name, which is what I tried. Therefore, besides the minor complaints, there really isn't anything wrong. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,280180,35078614,Posted: 19 September,all,Munky,"Disclaimer: I only played for about an hour and a half before returning it.I was really excited when I saw this game in the Steam store, and I bought it almost immediately. It has potential. The mechanics are decent, but honestly don't feel perfect. But the bigger issue is that the level design is really rough, and at least at a new player's level, really stifles fluid gameplay. I've played Tony Hawk (and Mirror's Edge) games for many years, and yet every time I felt like I was gaining momentum in this game and having a bit of fun, I found that the map punished me for doing so.I assume that these issues go away at the higher levels of play. But as a new player who was trying to determine if this was a game I would enjoy, my vote has to go for no. With that said, I love what the game is trying to do and I encourage the developers to improve it in the future.I think I'd buy this game on a sale, perhaps for $5 or maybe $7.50. But definitely not the full $20 in its current state."
76561198136146850,Recommended,280180,32119742,Posted: 1 June,all,Horizon,If you've played Jet Set Radio then i would recommend this.
76561198021710409,Recommended,280180,33536424,Posted: 14 July,all,Oroki,Flippin Awesome JSRF Goodness
,Recommended,280180,15242456,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,I'm already under attack,first person (and third person but who wants that) multiplayer mirrors edge + jet set radio (with music by Mr.Naganuma himself)can't wait till it's better optimized so i can enjoy it at above 40 fps
76561198164113266,Recommended,280180,15240750,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,xjason123x,best game in forever
01110111011000010,Recommended,280180,15318007,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Energy Drink,"Here's a game I've been waiting a good while for when I found it on Kickstarter. A game that plays like Mirror's Edge with Jet Set Radio twists. The game is in a huge open colourful city, and ofcourse there's plenty of free running and messing around to do in it so far.They are getting the composer of Jet Set Radio to do music for the game, so I'm hoping once the game gets it's full release they have more variety of music besides just music that plays when you're free running and music that plays when you're on a mission.The game's developers also don't natively speak english, so there's some grammar and spelling errors. Actually quite a few but they shouldn't really bother you normally.The game's optimization is a bit off, I can't get a constant frame rate, however the game is still playable, something they can probably fix in the future I guess.I'm hoping once the game gets out of early access it's going to be great, and what it's at right now it already is pretty good, it just needs a bit more variety."
,Recommended,280180,32107635,Posted: 1 June,all,BlockheadGames,The guy below me is a complete retard.
,Recommended,280180,15337648,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Magic Mango,"Great title with a super refreshing concept. The learning mechanics of traversing the city is definitely a super imortant part of the game. At the moment there isn't a huge amount of content but I'm at about 6 hours and still have yet to do all the missions/races/collectables. With that being said, it's still super fun to just Tony Hawk style free roam the city pulling off sweet jumps and hitting awesome lines. So much potential in this game it's unbelievable. Definitely worth jumping in during the alpha."
,Recommended,280180,15441801,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Neil2244,"This game I saw on the release date when it was released on Steam so sadly I didn't see it on Kickstarter to get all the other exclusive stuff which I really hope they bring out because I think it would be nice to see them since if anyone is like me and didn't go on Kickstarter to see it kinda not good! but anyways on the plus side I think this game is one of them only decent early access games out there! you've got sci-fi stugg, free running and people say it is like jet set radio which I have to agree it does look like that but online which I enjoy since you can make new friends on it since the people you find on this game are so friendly, I like the level up system but I hope they bring a reset option for the skill points just in case you didn't want to put it in that certain tree and have to make a new character or something to put it in the skill tree you want and maybe even to experiment with other skill trees but overall I would rate this game a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,280180,23864055,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Patrol of the Thots,"In short: buy game, just do it, you won't regret it.Ok so I was gunna wright a very 'TLDR' post but instead, bullet points.ProsGood controls (although it starts of with the French keyboard controls, so you gotta change it)Awsome community (will help you no matter want and is very nice, but not too PC or serious)Tall (really big hight-wise + they're going to add more maps! Like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥)Super funVery non-linear gameplay, but not boring, always somthing to do.Awsome aesthetic, Like Jet Set Radio and Mirrors Edge had a baby and ♥♥♥♥♥ed holy♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.Cool graffiti feature (Probaly JSR inspiredNeutral/Subjective PointsSmall playerbase (Easy to ake friends, might be a bit boring)Early Access (bugs, only one mao, but you migh forgive it)The city is too easy to memorize (you can get it in a few hours, which takes away the magical feeling of being lost in a giant, futuristic city.ConsAddictiveNot much veriaty in missionsBadly optimizedSmall level capAlmost non-existant character customization (The colors are nice, although everybody all looks the same with an exception of male/female choice +unlockable characters. I know they are supposed to be clones, but it still looks kinda silly)overall BUY IT ITS REALLY WORTH ITTTTTTTTTTT"
,Recommended,280180,18788349,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Potato,"You can run around with a GameCube, throwing it at random citizens and then get arrested for having a game console in public10/10 would get arrested again"
76561198167456921,Recommended,280180,17578421,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SPESHUL,sadly since i use mac at the moment the game runs a bit slowly but even still it looks great and runs better then most games on mac. cant wait for the updates.
,Recommended,280180,15637120,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,MiyukiSan-Desu,"This game is still in early alpha, so what I write may change over time.Anyway, this game has alot of potential and can be something really good.It does need alot more stuff to do when just roaming around, besides from the usual ""races against time"" and ""Throw this ball over there"" and the other few things, they're fun, and it's also fun to just run around in the ""open-world""But there has to be more different stuff.Also the leveling, the system is fine, but not enough, currently there are only 10 levels on each character, it'd be more interesting to have more levels and more stuff to upgrade, also an ability to change the way your character looks would be fun(i can't change the look of my characters after making them)other then that, the framerate is quite bad, i can barely get over 30fps, it's playable, and the creators are working on that, so that's just a thing i'll mention.But yeah, this game is quite promising and i look forward to more updates Xo"
,Recommended,280180,17295345,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Roo,this... game... is... AWESOME!!! GET IT!!!!!
76561198127181924,Recommended,280180,17555344,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Clank,"In this game you will play as Jaden Smith (Karate Kid Version) And the Story takes place Russia. Mexican men are robbing a bank with Shoes and it is your job to stop them with your Fairy Battle Skirt. You will take on many Mexican's and get new skills for your Fairy Battle Skirt. Meet other people that battle Mexican's with Fairy Battle Skirt's and Combine the power of your Fairy Battle Skirt. The game is called Hover:Revolt of Gamers because the last move in the game lets you hover and its a video game.Only joking this game is a really good game with beautiful graphics and a Nice community and lets not forget....PARKOUR. You can play this game in 1st person or 3rd person or Auto which is 1st person but when you flip it goes in third person. The game has many races many beautiful skins to play as and truly makes you feel lke you are part of a rebellion. If they made suits like these I would buy them. Cool Tricks, Funky SoundTrack, Parkour? What's not to love! GET THIS GAME. See ya on the field gamer!Glitches: Can't work as a team yet it bugs out, Some Security Cameras don't detect you, That's All I have seen so far!"
,Recommended,280180,15330089,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bananafingurs34,"Alright, it's been two years and i played a bit more. I still reccomend this game because its fun as hell and its defiantly something thats good time-waster. However as a lot of people say there are still some problems, like for example the performance issues, i have a mid range PC but if you try to approach this game with anything less the something in the 10 series good ♥♥♥♥ing luck getting past 30. Aside from that major flaw the only other thing is that there isn't much to do aside from run around and do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want cuz why not. Not like anyone's judging it's a damn vertical playground so if you wanna do the pointless and tedious missions go for it but as far as i'm concerned run around and go explore  because that's the real strength of this game."
,Recommended,280180,16786223,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,☭Aiand☭,fun parkour game like jet set radio and mirrors edge.
76561198053491675,Recommended,280180,17559468,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Hexor77,"I love this game. Well I should say ""loved this game"". The update brought a lot fo cool features to the game, but also a few flaws that to one who hasen't played the game wouldn't think to be much of an issue.Pros: The game runs smoother than ever and is a stunning piece of art! The concept is such a cool idea, and makes the game even that more enjoyable.CONS!!!: The holograms that you use to be able to jump through and get full hover heat are now near impossible to get through, you have to hit them directly in the middle and no where else, otherwise you get lauched away and loose half of your current energy. The city is cool, but way to congested with rusted metal box building things in the lower part of the city, and the upper has way to many walls to run into. The city seems smaller, and there is almost no where to go to just run around and have fun. The police robots use to not come out unless you were on a mission, so if you wanted to just run around and explore the city, getting seen in the red spotlights wasnt that much of a deal, but now that the robots come out every time AND the scanners catch you faster now, you have to run from them as fast as you can get away, and if you slip up once you're pretty much caught. I have noticed some graphical issues that haven't been fixed when playing as Otello. Any part of him that glows (hands, feet, helmet, ETC) when at certain angles of the camera or character glow in stranged long lines that are about 4 times the width of said apendage going both directions, and it gets very annoying when it flashes on and off constantly.I do love this game, I just really want to see it be amazing again. Maybe find some way to spruce up the old city and connect it to the new one for all of those who liked the old one too."
,Recommended,280180,32187543,Posted: 4 June,all,BetweenBoundary,"good game, needs better explination of things, also tool tips in the menus would be nice"
,Recommended,280180,31738897,Posted: 13 May,all,Excalibastard,I absolutely LOVE this game! 10/10
,Recommended,280180,16110099,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kitteh,"coming from a guy who hasn't played JSR (ok ok i played it but only to get hyped for this game) this is a very fun game but to be honest it CAN get a little repetitive at times but i will cut it some slack for being n early access, the game has quite a few of glitches, and seeing from the other reveiws for the game it seems that they have a lot of framerate issues (never actually had them cause i have a beast of a pc)                          i mean it a pretty decent game but im going to give it 6/10 cause its somewhat half baked"
,Recommended,280180,17839442,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FurryFrikker,"This game is amazing for ones who like Mirror's Edge, along with some bits of Jet Set Radio. It's fast paced parkour action? What's not to like? Well, just the small fact that it's still early alpha, so it isn't completly stable, with the optimasation still pretty poor, getting around 12 frames at day time, and 20 at night. Along with a few bugs here and there. That's not to say that this game isn't good, because it really is, and if you can deal with the slight problems I mentioned before, and are looking for a fast paced parkour game with some similarities to Mirror's Edge, then you should buy it."
,Recommended,280180,32099910,Posted: 31 May,all,Ineffable,"Its like if jet set radio, and mirrors edge, met and had a baby. then meanwhile, sonic, and tony hawk met and had a baby, and by chance, those 2 babies, met and ♥♥♥♥ED, this would be the♥♥♥♥♥♥that they burned.dopest parkour i ever parkoured. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,280180,32095659,Posted: 31 May,all,Salient Simon,"Update:So, I'm getting increasingly sick at the inconsistent framerate. It damn near just ruins this game.There's no excuse for it, it just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have a GTX 970, AMD FX 8350 and 12gb RAM.Maybe my computer just sucks, but this runs like crap while BF1 runs almost flawlessly on high settings.Enough whining, though...If you dislike the typical MMO structure, you might be disappointed.This is all about that. Do this main quest then do the numerous side quests scattered everywhere none of which are very satisfying, while finding some rather insignificant collectibles (this has the propaganda billboards we all know and love).It's all about just turning your brain off.Really, this is an MMO, without a doubt.I still think the controls and the presentation are pretty awesome.It's just the general instability of the game that usually comes with MMOs that sucks.It's beyond frustrating when trying to actually beat a record or something like that. I kinda wish this just did something more like Jet Set Radio; stages with an objective or several.I love the idea of MMO but it just feels off in this, while at the same time it's really cool seeing people flying everywhere.Basically don't expect menus packed with story missions, challenges and time trials where you can tick of everything there is to do in the game one by one.It's an MMO where you need to go to specific locations to do a quest and hopefully do good enough to get a good score. There's not a lot going on in the level design, unlike the old Tony hawk games or, again, Jet Set Radio.I'm definitely disappointed, while I can see that there's an awesome game behind all of the crap.This could be just what you're looking for, but I long for the days of being able to pick up a controller, immidiately getting into the game and completing level after level and getting super satisfied when doing something awesome. Think SSX 3, Tony Hawks Pro Skater or even a racing game like F-Zero GX. Fast, satisfying and a lot of meat on the bones.This fails in my eyes. It clearly doesn't have the same vision that I was expecting.Old:So far, this game seems freaking sweet. Big fan of both Mirror's Edge and Jet Set Radio so this is right up my alley.It controls great and looks pretty good and has a great soundtrackHowever... I have some crazy performance issues with this game. I'm well above the minimum specs and yet the only way I can play this with a decent framerate (which I consider to be 60fps, not 120 or something like that) is with the lowest settings on... It's pretty frustrating.And there's no real fullscreen, only borderless. I like borderless, but since this has the issues it does, I can't help but feel that it might have been better to use that.This brings back memories from when Carmageddon Reincarnation first launched.Half recommended, but this needs some work."
,Not Recommended,280180,32142606,Posted: 2 June,all,Tesuji,"I really wanted to like this game. As a fan of the Jet Set Radio franchise since the release of the original Dreamcast game, I LOVE these types of games. However, Hover: Revolt of Gamers is a very frustrating experience.First and foremost, the game lags badly even though my computer exceeds the system requirements, and for a game that requires split-second button presses and movement, it makes the game near-unplayable right off the bat. The world is very large and could probably benefit from being split into separate areas considering there are missions that make you go to certain waypoints that just show up as some random box somewhere in the world, you may spend many tries just figuring out which route actually leads to the waypoint before being able to complete the mission. I will say that the controls are pretty tight and responsive, and when you find an area where you can do contiguous trick combos, the game feels great. The problem is that the level design is poorly thought out; many of the routes in the game just lead to dead-ends or walls you have to climb up to access other areas, making moving around pedantic, when it's supposed to be the most fun part of the game.The quests you do with the characters have cringe-worthy dialogue and just make you do repetitive tasks over and over. For some reason the devs thought it would be a good idea to introduce stealth elements in the game which are just maddeningly annoying. You may be running from one place to another, perhaps in a timed quest, and turn a corner and see a security camera which will then block your path for a good ten seconds for no reason. If the security guards or police or whatever they're supposed to be do catch you, you just get frozen in place for about five seconds. Why needlessly kill the momentum in a fast-paced game? I can understand certain quests being stealth-focused, but having these elements randomly scattered around the world is just poor judgement.Lastly, there are so many tiny nitpicky problems that it makes me wonder if this game was sufficiently play-tested. Scrolling on the menus after a mission is extremely slow, you have to ""scan"" everything in the game to interact with it (including talking to people), missions will randomly abort right after you start them, the graffiti is completely underutilized and feels like it was tacked on to appeal to JSR fans, etc."
76561198040134745,Recommended,280180,33814929,Posted: 26 July,all,SirCrispy,"Running out of energy ruins this game. Please make it so you can still hoverheat, but remove low energy. Thanks, that is all. Amazing game."
,Recommended,280180,15239140,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Twinkie,A bit Laggy but fun!
,Recommended,280180,15241086,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sostache,"I mean... its ok?needs a ton of optimization though, only 10 fps? come on..."
,Recommended,280180,20482433,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Jizz Magician,feelsgoodman
,Recommended,280180,17487908,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Justin,"I think something that hasn't been made clear is that Hover is not just a Jet Set Radio inspired game. It's a game unto itself. It takes the grinding and openness of Jet Set and expands upon it, with unique characters, a good soundtrack in it's current state, and wonderful graphics. The gameplay is top notch, if a little flawed here and there, but even playing for a short time since the 0.3 update I've had a couple of really cool moments where I've pulled off some pretty awesome moves. Hover is well worth your money even in its alpha state."
,Not Recommended,280180,31618657,Posted: 7 May,all,ByteMyPixels,"It really hurts me to put a NO down on this game, because the core is fun, but its the little details that hurt it so much.Everyone is right about the awesome fun mechanics, the cyberfunk sound track, the nearly pitch perfect Jet Set Radio feel that no one else has even tried.Where it faulters, is missions and navigation.For the life of me I can see to get back on to the main missions, and the ""scan"" function that is meant to guide you back on course is limited to say the least. I am also not able to see what missions are apporpriate for my level, leading to a massive amount of frustration when I can't figure out why I am not able to beat this mission.Hover, is like having a really awesome set of tools, but you have crappy materials to work with. I realize this game is made by 3 people and its a passion project, and the passion for the Jet Set Radio games that inspired it really does shine through. I do not regret my early access purchase, but a month out from final release has got me a little worried.If the devs read this please add or update the following.-Add a map in the menus-Add a color marker for missions to inform the player on if they are high enough level to try it.-Scan function, needs to have thicker outlines to easier spotting-Tag function for when you find a mission you want, to make navigation easier.-Mission tracker.TL;DRIf you are a Jet Set Radio fan, get it.If you aren't, add this to your wishlist and check the reviews from time to time and the patch notes to see when the devs have added these small quality of life improvements to make a truly remarkable experience"
76561198105405306,Recommended,280180,15330841,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,tmt13,just plain epic...Cant wait for the full game
76561198051163768,Not Recommended,280180,15330225,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,mill ke,"*WILL UPDATE AFTER PATCH*Do I think Hover is a bad game? Hell no. If on the fence, do I think you should wait until the game becomes more stable and polished? Yes.Has massive potential with great mechanics and a colorful, large open world. Solid character customization and is a joy to play - when it works. A mission editor is also there that I have yet to try.Where it goes wrong is the abysmal optimization. The game runs at a consistant 20 FPS - I was lucky to get 40 at one point. I personally feel that this is not fair to the consumer. If one's game is unstable to the point where there are constant problems - it shouldn't be sold as a $20 game. Crashing and glitches are also frequent. I've only played this for about 20 minutes and have experienced 3 crashes; refusing to play more.The devs claim all of this will be fixed - and I'm sure it will be. If you are willing to wait a little to snatch the game 15% off, I'd say buy it. If you aren't that invested into it yet - wait for the much needed pass.One of the more disappointing Early Access games out right now.Hover will be a great game - but it will take time."
76561198288270594,Recommended,280180,32833160,Posted: 26 June,all,FreshKing,nice
76561198165358848,Recommended,280180,15397547,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,KineticFlare,"This game is fun to play, its future looking city is sure to please anyone who has a liking for Sci-fi. Jumping around this city and completing missons is a fun way to start this game off."
,Recommended,280180,15244085,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Twilight,this game is fast paced and has very good flow and  the  controls are tight
,Recommended,280180,15297457,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,[SMC] Raptor,Why are you reading reviews instead of buying and playing this game?
,Recommended,280180,32171478,Posted: 4 June,all,•Hack\\ ♍,"Saw this referenced off one of my facebook feeds, so I picked it up.This really feels like an honest spiritual successor to jet set/grind radio and jet set/grind radio future. It has it all; funky beats, crazy, colorful environments, can tag anywhere, awesome movement system and easy to pick up.five stars ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ from me. I have been waiting for a game like this for years, and it just got my attention.Give it a go, you won't regret it.!"
76561198075525997,Recommended,280180,15281441,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,budwheizzah,"Wow... are you serious?! I put on my DK2, go through the tutorial and then get launched into this overly surreal cel shaded world in which I can leap down from rooftops and fall for a good 5-10 seconds?! All this with the maximum degree of comfort VR technology can offer?! And this is just Alpha?Yeah you guys have done your homework. To anyone who own an Oculus DK2 and are not motion sickness whimps, get this, it's a ""no questions asked"" acquisition. You will NOT be disappointed!Video Analysis (link to YT Flash player)http://www.interleave-vr.com/youtube-proper-player.php?v=pcOku_pqJRI"
,Recommended,280180,15424246,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Xapp,"Online JSRF AlphaAs an avid fan of Jet Set Radio, Hover is not only a welcomed resurgence of familiar and innovative gameplay, as well a bundle of potential in it's current stage, but also a fanboy's dream come true.The game is currently in Alpha, so of course it is not without flaw, but despite poor optimization resulting in low fps and few coding errors with missions, the gameplay is novel and the online servers are surprisingly efficient.The artstyle and character designs didn't originally appeal to me, but they have definitely grown on as I've played.There's not much to do within the Alpha itself, there are a handful of aforementioned missions to complete for experience that contribute towards levels and stats, adding a Roleplaying element to the Parkour gameplay. There are three unlockable characters with unique abilities, and a fairly sized sandbox city to explore. What keeps me hooked for hours, however, is the online interactions with other players and the simple fact that the parkour is damned fun.There's a real talented and dedicated trio working on this project, and they've been very helpful and conducive in the forums and community hub from what I've witnessed.Even if you aren't willing to buy the game in its current Alpha form, it's definitely worth keeping an eye on as it develops."
,Recommended,280180,15245843,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Z-Games,This game is just amazing! reminds me of old retro games! I recommend this very much but there are some performence issues and small bugs but it is worth it!
,Recommended,280180,34385185,Posted: 20 August,all,Magik,"""So you can run real fast and jump kinda high, am I supposed to be impressed?"" ~ Random Person""Yes, you should be. Because this is one of the best $15 I have ever spent on a game."" ~ Myself"
76561198011875318,Not Recommended,280180,32139005,Posted: 2 June,all,Steal,"DO NOT BUY; GAME IS MISSING CONTENT IF YOU DIDN'T FUND KICKSTARTER.If you want a game with content gutted out of it, buy this game. This isn't minor content either, entire characters are locked off from access.Other than that, the game gets boring fast, and it lacks any of the rhythm JSRF has. Far from a worthy successor, the tricks have none of the impact.. It is just a lackluster attempt; honestly you'd be better off just buying jet grind radio on steam."
76561198149568163,Recommended,280180,34070642,Posted: 6 August,all,OmgitsSadie 👄 💖,character customization S u C k Sbut----THIS IS SO MUCH FUNIT'S WHAT THE CLASSIC GAME THAT'S LIKE THIS COULD HAVE BEEN
,Recommended,280180,35056748,Posted: 18 September,all,StarZoneBoy,Two words to express this:  LOVE IT!!
76561198019904534,Recommended,280180,15483185,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Maik,Its a lot of fun to just move around just a bit tricky at first. Im already sold
,Recommended,280180,15493160,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Qrow,"I thoroughlyenjoy this game. Would love to see currency get involved somehow, and you can buy places for your characters to live in. Maybe an option to sit, drink water, eat, etc. Just ideas. Maybe add items that can be found or earned from missions, and add trading between players. If you can think of anything else, please say so."
,Recommended,280180,15495877,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Skellertom,"First off, I am acknowledging that this game is NOT DONE. In any way, shape or form.Second off, I'm currently nerdgasming over this entire thing. This game feels like the lovechild of Jet Set Radio Future and Mirror's Edge, which are possibly the best two things you can ever combine.Character creation is pretty great. You start out with the 'starter' and the color sliders are a bit annoying to deal with, as you can't slide one without sliding the other, and it takes getting used to. You can also change the height of your character drastically, which is a feature I haven't seen on a lot of games like this, and a feature that is heartily welcomed. As you level up, you gain new characters. I believe you get all 4 avalible right now by level 6.Gameplay-wise, it's glorious. Parkour, races, missions, all the greatest stuff. There are places where it is lacking, such as player-to-player interactions and variety in minigames, but so far in development, it exceeds all expectations.Visual-wise, it's a bit...glaring. Bright contrasting colors everywhere. It's okay if you can tolerate that sort of stuff, but it gives me a bit of a headache. The movement of the camera is glorious in 1st person, if a bit disorienting when you are doing flips and tricks. Auto is...strange, as it combines 1st and 3rd. 3rd person is great if your character is small. It'd be much better if the camera adjusted with the height of the character, but you win some and lose some. Movement is a tad disorienting and sickening if you aren't used to fast paced, spastic movements, but you get used to it quickly.All in all, this game gets a 8/10 so far, and I'm sure once it is completed, it will be a 10/10."
76561198113699266,Recommended,280180,15259042,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Inusoragirl,Definately has potential im hoping the game improves more. Maybe the world could be a tad bit less empty but still an awesome!
,Recommended,280180,15272361,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,justicetheninja,"Jet Set Radio meets Tron... Great game, cant wait for updates.The concept is fantastic, races, free roaming, collectibles.Bugs, crashes and low FPS as of now but i know with a little polish this game will be Fantastic.Its so fun to just get on and hover around with other people. There is so much more to be added I cant wait. I just hope the devs dont abandon the game many people have been waiting for."
76561198109156038,Recommended,280180,15385105,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Gba262,"It has a lot of potential, in time this could become a great game. as to be expected with an early alpha stage game, there isnt much to do at the moment, the controls are rather slippery and there are a number of bugs that still need to iron out. my main problem with it though is i never know where i am, so an in game map would be helpful. also my game crashed while i was changing perspectives while rewinding. again, it is in early alpha stages and i would recommend that people buy this game and contribute to its development!"
,Recommended,280180,15878744,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Some Weeb,"I have to say, after being extremely hyped for this game, its awesome.Simply put no other game gets the rooftop-scaling-backflip-nausea than this one.I followed this game in its kickstarter stages and am very excited to see the final product.My only negative comments are so far there is not much in terms of direction, when I first started I had no Idea what I was doing. Also the game is running at around 17-13 fps on my laptop, on low settings. My friend also had his copy stuck in french which was irritating.Away from that I really do enjoy this game, and highly recommend it for anyone who wants to parkour like a kangaroo on a pogo stick.Thank you, and I cant wait to see the final product Midgar Studios.^_^-TheSwordsman"
76561198109696082,Recommended,280180,16237561,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,skercarroll,this game is awesome i totally recommend it but they need to fix the lag
,Recommended,280180,16681667,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Linarch,"If you have a weak computer wait a while to get this, its not very well optimised yet. That said, the game itself is a ton of fun! Just what they have availble right now is fun to run and explore in. Its got a really good movement system to make getting around the city really easy, especially at higher levels."
,Recommended,280180,17482059,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Little Sapphire λ,"I don't have a big chunk of hours under my belt with this game yet but from what I'm seeing this game is very fun and has a lot of potential to it.  The atmosphere combined with the amazing scenery and characters is wonderful.  It definitely has a good feel of Mirrors Edge and Jet Set Radio to it but that's not a bad thing.Character customization is pretty need with as much as you can change for now.  It's all color based and in groups but you won't have a hard time guessing where as there are 5 buttons that flash the area you're about to change color on.  Really hoping there will be far more character customization on the way soon!  Also a big plus to have the option to customize on the fly!Only two issues I saw where that the game doesn't ask you what control type you want to use when starting up.  I had to go into options and click on Keyboard and Mouse to default it to WASD.  Prior to the change was a control scheme that was VERY different to me, using Z to move forward and running toward the camera.  The other is very minor, but the game does crash upon closing it.  There's also other minor issues such as grammar but for Early Access on an Alpha title, I'd expect that.  It's not like it's phone text speak bad and you can easily understand what they're saying."
,Recommended,280180,16144369,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mr.Miles,I Cant Enjoy this game its work in progress but i cant play it its not optimized enough for my pc it can only run at 4 - 5 max and minimum fps 4 - 5 if it could be better optimized so i can play then ill post an more honest reviews about the game cause it just looks like moving picture at the moment :/
,Recommended,280180,15263885,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hassan,"So far i really like this game, the only issue is the framerate, but hey it is only a alpha :)"
,Recommended,280180,25864016,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ŁƐІҒ,I don't think you have any idea of how fast I really am.I'M FAST AS FUCC BOII'M FAST AS FUCC BOISTILL FAST AS FUCC BOIOH COME AND GET SOMEDo any idea how fast I am?I'M FAST AS FUCC BOIIIII'M FAST AS FUCC BOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'mfastasFUCC BOIIIII
,Recommended,280180,32155667,Posted: 3 June,all,The Real Opptimystic,"This game is amazing, i originally posted a review complain aobut the broken difficulty of the admin fight and problems with the gameballmatches that i had. I also staed on the forums that they needed to fix the achievements as most of them didnt actually proc when they should have. You know what to be fair on this game im changing this review so that its still helpful. Within a week these problems were gone and the rest of the game is so amazing that it instantly went back into my favourite games list.The overall layout of the city is appealing providing open-ish layouts with lots of ways to climb up and aroung haven city and later the administrative district, these areas are also littered with things to do from breaking billboards using speed to races and basketball. The gameplay is responsive and allows for the sense of speed this game so desperately needs making nothing really feel like a chore. The various game modes in the city stick to a general formula for each of the characters; Greendy is about races,Otello is about graffiti and the Breakers gameball races. Some of these missions are brutal with timing for beginning players meaning they have a higher learning curve than other games, but with some of the better shards they will be powerful in next to no time whatsoever.I havent had much expierence with online or co-op yet so i cant report on that (but as far as i can tell its the exact same but with other people on your team so its bound to be pretty good). The point where the game shines is its soundtrack made by a member of the jet set crew every tune is fast pace and fits the game like a glove (Heaven up is clearly song and there isn't even a point debating that) and like i said the devs are very helpful to the community fixing multiple patches within a week or two of your complaint, which is outstanding for a dev team as some games take months or years.the DNA kits system is also quite cool and helps you create a team of specialist for each event, how it works is as you complete quests for certain characters they will give you their DNA kit, this will allow you to add that character to your team and level them up and apply your own stat boosts to them.This game is a gem on steam and offer a large variety of things to do, if speed platforming is your thing then go for it today."
,Recommended,280180,32190263,Posted: 4 June,all,Wolfthing03,Parkour.... NUFF SAID....
,Recommended,280180,28943361,Posted: 2 January,all,SweeTARTS Candy®,"What a game for just 15$ (on sale).A huge open world that's well designed. Amazing cyberpunk futuristic goofy aesthetic. Great parkour gameplay. A little bit of tony hawk and mirror's edge.It's simply FUN. You can just jump around and it's fun. The multiplayer is also nice. You can instantly find people to just talk to or race against, like an MMO.The leveling up is not that hard either and allows for some build diversity.This is a fantastic game and hopefully the 3 people working on it will add more soon."
76561198037496266,Recommended,280180,15248869,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ThePersianPingu,"Amazing game the parkour is nice and smooth, and with a character creation and where i'm at there is all ways something to do. Also even though its in alpha I have not seen many glitches. I'f youu like games like mirrors edges or you just want to run around then this game is a must buy."
76561198028030099,Recommended,280180,16215438,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Better weed than you,"I can honestly say ive been waiting for a gam like this for soooooooooooo long.... Finally its here... Only thing is my laptop is really bad so could you make graphics options  for even lower spec than you already have? Might be alot to ask for i know. But i average 20fps and dip to 10 every min or so. It will be awhile before i build my own computer.Other than that, I love this game already the short amount of time ive put into it. its beautiful and the settngs and HUD are great, A lot of customization right off the bat...Amazing."
76561198106955549,Recommended,280180,17388224,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ladybugdance,So i Just bought it and its the bomb dig.  Havent played that much but the parkour is smooth even on my crappy laptop.  Nice art style and good gameplay.  The only reason I'm not playing it is because I have to finish boys over flowers.  #whiteguyproblems
76561198106063579,Recommended,280180,15384322,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Pop Gun,"I like this game a lot it is good with a good idea and a wellmade map. I love the games it references and the films that it draws inspriration from. It is open world and the world is a vibrant mix of colours and aliens. The only problemb is, for me personaly, is the fps drop when I was overlooking the city but hopefully that will be fixed as they said in the tittle screen (mabye).What I would add to the game is:A better camera, the camera is trywing to be realistic which is all good. However, in parkour games E.G. Mirrors Edge or Dying light they have gone for a more stable camera which IMHO adds some control (and more satifaction) to the long flows of freerunning.Sed flows would also be benifited from a more detailed tutorial I.E. Telling you the controles and some ""combo"" moves that could be applied to this game to make a better one.I apreciate that the game is still in the dev stage and think that it is a great idea. IMHO these changes would make that city a better place."
76561198113961865,Recommended,280180,16592931,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jynx97,It was made by three people and runs better then AC unity.
,Recommended,280180,15249691,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,r2micro373,This game has the parkour that everyone has been waiting for.
,Recommended,280180,15356015,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,[V2]DezmoRizer,"THIS IS IT!!!The pearl i was looking for so many years!!This game is what i want PREY 2 to be (it only misses the guns )everything is good for now except 2 things :  FPS and some ledges that you can't grab toOverall : a very good game and it will get better , i already see it in a huge world with even more fluid parkour in constant 60 FPS  !"
,Recommended,280180,16801288,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Big Red,"It's really really fun, buuuuut equally buggy and lacking in content.  It's in open alpha, so this should change really quick, but it's frustrating at times. It's the only game in my library that I feel like playing, but since the lastest update it's been completely unplayable (I'm on OSX Yosemetie). Also the Oculus rift support does not work on Mac, but I don't think that's more of an Oculus issue than one specific to this game."
,Recommended,280180,17408053,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,retroactively preemptive,"The game is nice. Very nice. At times, it may be hard to get around, but it gives you FREE CONTROL. I know, many games have this, but not the super-jump wall-running style Hover has. Mirror's Edge takes you from one point to the next. Games like Dying Light give you control, but parkour isn't that intense. If you take time to practice, I promise you, you will love this game.k time to judgePros:-Control-Fun atmosphere-Hype music-Inspired by Jet Set Radio! :D-Multiplayer (races, ball games, etc.)-Little goodies to collect-Easy to learn-Doesn't take much cpu or memory-Rewind buttonCons:-Lags a bit on low and middle-section computers-Story underdeveloped-The city is basically split into three sections. Top, middle, and bottom. It is super hard to get from one section to another without memorizing paths.-Quests are repetitive-Mid-air tricks don't do much :/But yes, I do recommend this game. As it gets better and leaves Early Access, you will see improvement."
,Recommended,280180,15256625,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,UNCHARTED: your mom.,":D jumping around, running and stuff. its gr8 m8 i r8 8/8"
,Recommended,280180,15276499,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Arnulf,"This game needs to fix it's performance issues fast, but if you pop down the graphics a bit it should work just fine. This game has a cool story and and great gameplay. I've probably spent 2 hrs on just running around and being a complete badass. The parkour is kind of hard at first but once you get used to it you'll be running around winning ALL the races. I personally think it's much harder with a keyboard so I recommend playing with a controller. Buy this game while it's in early access so you get it cheaper than everyone else."
76561198071830774,Recommended,280180,15361296,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Doombunnies,"it has great visual appeal mixed with a great free roam environment. its like starwars, de blob and sonic had a three way baby. the only hope i have is for there to be more of a point to the game then to just jump around. have a path or a goal to complete or a place to go once you reach lvl 10."
,Recommended,280180,15455232,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Airaidios,"There is literally nothing I don't like about this game. Even in it's Alpha state it's still phenomenally good. The feeling of soaring through the air, with the wind rushing by your ears, deftly steering a giant anthropomorphic rabbit towards a landing where you can bounce back up from to the same height you fell, it's beyond compare."
,Recommended,280180,16285399,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,nonstopmilk,GrEaT GAmE:DDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,280180,15435942,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Witchcraft is Illegal!,"A very cool looking and interesting game. It's currently let down by some absolutely abysmal performance, dipping below 10 fps on all the lowest settings. The options menu states that performance will be improved with updates, so hopefully that's true. The free running is fast and fun, the environments are interesting, there's a tangible difference between areas. There's not much to do at the moment, but for an alpha it's in a really good place right now."
,Recommended,280180,15457317,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,ClownXPrince,"My first personal thoughts on this game, are thusly: plenty of potentail and totally awesome! So far, I'm loving where this game is going and I can't wait to watch it develope. Just to make this a little easy and not a jumbled up mess I'm going to comment in category.Design/textures/graphics/art: It may not have realistic graphics, but I, in a way, prefer that with a game like this. It gives a very nice smooth, technologic feel to the city and the characters, and it really gets me in a video game mood, so to say. I'm sure the graphics will update over time, but at the moment, developing those are the least of anyone's worries. There are plenty of amazing games who's graphics never even needed to be developed for people to be content with the game, and I have a feeling this game is going to be like that.Controls: Now, I playing my controller, not a keyboard, so keep that in mind. On my USB xbox controller, it handles very well. All I really had to do was turn the sensitivity way up to fit my likings. I like the preset controls and I haven't changed them at all, since they corespond with each other very well. At the moment, two buttons are able to do the same action with a few things, but I have a feeling that won't be a thing once more abilities for parkour (which I will talk about a few times in this) are available.Free roam: The free roaming in this game is really, really fun, and completely open from what I've expereinced so far. Obviously there are plenty of places not availble since the game is still in alpha, and I respect and can't wait to watch them open up one by one or however the developers decide to go with that. There isn't all that much your character can do, and I don't mean that in a bad way since I know this is early access, but I will get more on that.Parkour/character abilities: I really like the parkour aspect here, and you can even upgrade your character's abilities. I'm hoping then add more to the parkour as the game goes on. There have been plenty of parkour like games (Assassian's Creed and Mirror's Edge are two examples) and I feel that this game has potential to up the parkour gaming experience with parkour challenges and objectives, and the complete open world ability given to you.Customization of your character: For an alpha version of a game, there's a good amount of customization. You unlock characters as you, and you can choose your height and colors. I'm sure there will more as the game is developed but for where it is at the moment, I'm eagerly content with the customization.Music: I know the music is limited at the moment, but, I also know that they plan to work on getting more tracks, and more, so to say, professionaly done tracks. The current music is pretty upbeat, catchy, and definately something that does NOT annoy me to hear through the game. I'm happy with it and it suits the game currently very well.Reccomendations and ideas: I have many of these, and I hope they will help if seen. One is more parkouring abilities if possible, such as grabbing onto and shuffles across ledges, grabbing onto and swinging from poles, climbing up poles, and things like that. Another thing I would like to see is more customization for your character. Clothing, hairstyle, things like that, but they still use the unlockable templates like they use now. Each character has their own set of clothing and styles and things like that.A bonus I really like about this game is the 1st and 3rd person POVs. I really like those, especially when doing front flips and backflips in first person, THAT'S really fun and really cool to do. I never really see too many games who take the first person and actually make it like you're doing a back/front flip. It's a bit disorenting at first, but, it's realistic and really makes you feel into the game when you do it. The first person POV in this game is so well done so far and I really, really love it.I have high hopes for this game and I'm eager to see what it developes into. I have yet to try the multiplayer personally, since I'm more of a single-player gamer, but I'll give a hit at it soon enough. I really enjoy this game, even with it's currently limitations. I defininently recommend this game and I'm incredibly glad I decided to get it!I apologize for any grammer and spelling mistakes made in this review."
76561198061134519,Recommended,280180,16182281,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TNT oz,"With the latest update on the 25th of May, I consider there to be anough content to match the price tag.This game is just so much fun, running around and making some sick parkour lines.I loved JSRF and I love this game, and with more content on the way I can't wait to play through all that as well"
,Recommended,280180,15274285,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,innocent sibylian ♠,"I've really, really enjoyed what I've played of this game so far. It has exp-based levels, skills (in the sense of speed and grinding) which can be upgraded via completing missions or picking up exp bonuses, and the potential for character customization is something that has always appealed to me in games. I quite enjoy the Jet Set Radio series - an obvious inspiration for the game - but found it clunky on and off PC whereas Hover, even in its early stages, has very fluid performance (so I'm not sure why everyone is worrying about the FPS).With extra maps (a map editor for players? woah woah woah lets not get ahead of ourselves though), extra customization (perhaps wearable items that can improve different skills? ooooh), extra levels, and some more exceptionally groovy music, this game has all it needs to be an absolutely, direly, fantastically awesome game.Kudos to its THREE YES THREE developers who have already put so much work into it: please continue your work, we need this!"
,Recommended,280180,15271077,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Kaysus,Fun Game
76561198039864861,Recommended,280180,15250304,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AstroDudeAJ,"I reccomend this game, if you like Parkour games or just fast platforming games this is great for it. As well as JSR fans will love this, once you get the mechanics down the game feels great and this is in Alpha and was made by 3 people, it's stable and has really good online, no disconnects at all during my playtime.Pros:Great game and has PotentialFluid ControlsGreat Visuals for a AlphaBig Hub world and many different Routes upwardsCons:Frame rate isn't the best at the momentSome Graphical glitchesCrashed once during my playtime, but that was after going from the highest point to the lowest point on the Highest graphics.Overall I would buy this game to give a reason to keep this getting made"
76561198095331666,Recommended,280180,15250412,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CarterIsPlaying,Hover made me motion sick. Great game.
,Recommended,280180,31681305,Posted: 11 May,all,[NTS]Alextex2,Game is colorful and amazing to play
,Recommended,280180,32145040,Posted: 2 June,all,Wii_waggler,"Its parkour, its Jet set radio scenario (in the future of course( and on another planet.)) Its arcadey, its got stat boosts its a game that has style flair and is fast paced depending on how good you get at wall running and jumping. PLus it has Hideki naganuma mUsic which is always ALWAYS GOOD!And (as of writing) its only $15.Need I say more?Come one come all and Hover your way to victory and Explosive Fun!"
76561198121189618,Recommended,280180,32144867,Posted: 2 June,all,peterlantz94,"it's like a Tony Hawk MMO, but better. It took an hour or two to grow on me, but once it did I loved it!PROS+movment feels amazing in game. The feeling of jumping off a building at high speed then climbing up a wall to get somewhere is pretty nifty.+fun art style+city is a blast to explore, even more so when delivery missions are thrown in+animations and how they are blended together is extremely well done+online play really makes the game feel alive, plus its fun helping/being helped by people+no frame rate issues. There are some nifty tricks being pulled that optimize the city such as reducing the updates of far off cars and hiding small details+music fits great!CONS-music is too loud. Be sure to turn it down when starting. It's repetiveness will really get annoying otherwise.-the story is told with textboxes, often by characters who are nowhere to be seen.-game struggles with telling you what you are supposed to be doing. On the positive side its fun having some stranger show you the ropes.-Missions outright disappear when being used by another player (play on solo mode if this happens to you).-some game modes like GameBall (it's like parkour football) feel ""out of control"" since as soon as you grab the ball in a group of people, it gets taken away half a second later"
76561198058040802,Recommended,280180,29904000,Posted: 13 February,all,Northrop-Grumman,I like how a WIP indie game has better parkour than a AAA game like mirror's edge catalyst
,Recommended,280180,32179170,Posted: 4 June,all,chaz326,I haven't played a game this fun in years
,Recommended,280180,32288293,Posted: 9 June,all,Uplifting News,Mirrors Edge on Crack
76561198288177916,Recommended,280180,32262779,Posted: 8 June,all,Jeb5,"I really like the controls and the style, and most of the missions are done really well, but veelans are really vague, I have no idea what to do.Also if you fail a mission 5 times in a row and have a certain level you should be able to skip it, some of them take me way too long to do."
,Recommended,280180,32133466,Posted: 2 June,all,Jugemu Jugemu,"While one should not expect the same charm as the Jet set franchise it makes up for it with solid gameplay. It's soundtrack also exceeded expectations, while Naganuma made only 2 of the tracks the rest were not bad at all."
76561198070510797,Recommended,280180,32142721,Posted: 2 June,all,Puchard,Vandalism + Parkour = Positive Recommendations
,Recommended,280180,32142204,Posted: 2 June,all,Kowalski,Excellent Jet Set Radio-styled game. Has a few kinks that need to be worked out but it also has planned updates in the future. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,280180,33466651,Posted: 11 July,all,Finn 🐧,(~˘▾˘)~
,Not Recommended,280180,17386005,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TG,"I had a good feeling when I played this a while back.Even in it's unoptomized state a lot of updates ago I really enjoyed the city layout and how the game felt. Hell, I even had a review of it not too long ago saying it was the freerunning game I needed in my life.However, with recent updates actually making the game play worse and making the game world layout even more terrible, I find it hard to keep going back in every major update and try it again because I miss what this game used to be not too long ago.Who knows. Maybe I just need to leave it alone for a couple of years like I did with Unturned and get really into it then."
76561198110706086,Recommended,280180,23988616,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Supersonicgman227,its good but i would say it relly good if it ran on my compi proplerly
,Recommended,280180,22953072,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Tsun4ze,"Very good project. Yeah Project, not game, cause it's still alpha.But it annonce a crazy future game. Enjoyable w/ Friends.See ya @ release."
,Recommended,280180,22752249,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,OD'd on cyberpunk.
,Recommended,280180,32170339,Posted: 4 June,all,PhalinRed,"Instant Purchase. Shame I didn't back it on Kickstarter, I regret that I didn't!If you're looking/waiting for a JetSetRadioFuture title, It's here. On PC and eventually coming to switch.Tune in to JetSetRadio LIVE and come grind up some rails.All on a online freeroam enviroment.__________________Featuring two tracks from the man himself, Hideki Naganuma.8/10 due to some online bugs (nothing game breaking) some more polish and it's spot on."
,Recommended,280180,19902560,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[Wiskie],This game is amazing.Online ! and off ! light on or off.
,Recommended,280180,35014625,Posted: 16 September,all,your mom give me the big sex,i like dat
76561198111258192,Not Recommended,280180,15258353,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Phynx,"This games has cons and pros, keep in mind its in alpha stateThe gameplay is great for an alpha but there feels like there isnt a lot to do when you're bored.-Cons-Horrible Frame Rate even on Low settings-Only one medium sized map-No interaction with NPC's-Mostly just side quests and races-Many bugs and glitches-No interaction in multiplayer-Same music track playing over and over, driving you insane-Story is unique, but childish and pointless, not to mention a bit steriotypical following the whole ""rebellion"" theme-Pros-Fun Gameplay-Great for alpha state-Different camera angles-Lots of parkour fun-Rewind featureIf you are an impatient gamer, I would not reccomend this game at least until the game is in beta. Otherwise just be patient. Even though you don't need that good of a graphics card, the frame rate is usually 11 on low settings. I would like to see heavier changes to graphics in low setting for people with toasters. I have been able to run many games on low. This one however is one I can barely tolerate. The gameplay is the only thing that makes me keep playing the game. But if you have a beastly computer you may be able to run at 30 FPS at most."
,Recommended,280180,32133878,Posted: 2 June,all,noodlepunk01,yesyesyesyes dis the closest we'll ever get something like JSRF <3
,Recommended,280180,32210642,Posted: 5 June,all,☾ Kairi™♥,Its a fun game id defiantly recomend it
76561198003989134,Recommended,280180,32114183,Posted: 1 June,all,Velvet Thunder,"TLDR;Good:- music- mucking about on multiplayerBad:- not much to do- same old open world minigames making up most of the gameplay- grindingThis is being pushed as a huge, ""parkour"" with friends, fast feeling, city exploration game with loads to do.It's not. It feels clunky, has very little parkour (it's mostly just running then jumping up a series of platforms) and as soon as you get a little speed you get stopped somehow.Basically the game is the 'race to the next ring' and 'chase down a target' minigames from other open world games such as Infamous, Prototype or Saints Row 4.The leveling up and increasing your stats with tokens you find by 'hacking' random canisters or earn through the minigames, is a grind. Considering that you start with one character with male or female variant but have to grind to unlock the rest and then grind more to level them up etc, makes this a hell of a grind fest for little reward.The music is made by the guy who did the music for Jet Set Radio and is pretty good for the most part, but it's not enough to bring this game up to more than a few hours playtime before getting bored.It's a fun idea to run around the city and race friends in the multiplayer but other than that, it's pretty mediocre.If you want to switch off and just enjoy messing about with a few friends then it could fill a few hours, and for that reason i would recommend giving it a go if you have some people to play it with, but don't expect much else."
,Recommended,280180,32170442,Posted: 4 June,all,spiralkingsavage,"Yo, saw this referenced in a FB post, so I picked it up, this game is fun as hell and I hope they bring it to xboxone and ps4.🔥🔥🔥This game is ♥♥♥♥in lit!! 🔥🔥🔥This really feels like an honest spiritual successor to jet set/grind radio and jet set/grind radio future. It has it all; funky beats, crazy, colorful environments, awesome movement system and easy to pick up. Two thumbs up 👍👍 and five stars ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ from me. I have been waiting for a game like this for years, and it just got my attention.Give it a go, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,280180,21054574,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The Largest Lad,A really fun game.Pros:simple controls and objectivesopen worldno major bugsvery smooth especially for early accesscharacter customization.Cons:the open world needs better optimiztionno way to queue with freids (yet)very limited missionsKeep in mind that the game is in early access and everything is still being worked on.9/10
,Recommended,280180,17765165,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Something Hank,Would you like to turn on Sticky Keys?
76561198003564668,Recommended,280180,32292552,Posted: 9 June,all,FleX,"Incredibly surprised by this game. A mix between jet set radio future platforming and the worlds ends with you like rpg. Wow those are two of my favorite games of all time. If you love those games and/or you are interested in the mix between platforming and rpg, than I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to you.Also know that the game is online too (flying parkour/skaters everywhere). Incredible, I really love this game!Having said that, it does start out with a little rough first impression. Due to performance issues and the tutorial I was about to refund (so glad i didn't). The tutorial feels claustorphobic and unrepresentative of the the level design and gameplay once the game actually starts.  The unclarity of certain mechanics is a thing and there are still some rough edges to be found in this game right now. Some of them being like how the pin switching trading mechanic works and what machine you are using, the start of missions are often unclear what type of goal or challenge you are about to do and in general it feels like the mission structure and difficulty of some missions could be smoothed out. Also some of the writing is really cheesy.Some of the major multiplayer and performance issues are already being worked on and I am hopefull that most of these rough edges will be worked out by the developers over time.Overall I would say that it is clear that this is a passion project inspired by amazing games, making it hard not to get super excited about it.*Some ideas about the start of the game:*I feel the tutorial/start of the game deserves to be stronger in general (a better hook): in a more open space, with interesting level design and perhaps introducing the characters, teams and narrative more cleary/defined. I wouldnt mind to be hooked in to that JSRF nostalgia as fast as possible. :) This and better initial performance for me would have prevented me from making my initial tough refund decision."
,Recommended,280180,15396555,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Dio sama,if you liked jet set radio future then you're going to love this it's an open world version of mirror's edge(ik this already sounds amazing). the visuals are absolutely gorgeous now since this is still in alpha their will be glitches and problems here and there (for example when you leave a mission the character will still be running so if you want to redo you can wait or exit the game and then go back onto it). Otherwise this game is amazing even in it's alpha which is quite shocking since most games aren't that good when in development(i haven't seen a single crash while playing this game) and i would love to see more added. p.s this game runs on 30 fps as of april 15 so all the other reviews that said it didn't a wrong now
76561198047856558,Recommended,280180,15405773,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Silvyy,JUST ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT
,Recommended,280180,23776219,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Shit Dick,Love it
,Not Recommended,280180,31722339,Posted: 13 May,all,PalloFlare,"When I first played the Early Alpha/Beta of Hover: Revolt of Gamers, I was first amazed by the amazing Soundtrack, the unique parkour and trick mechanic as well as Hoverbeat. I liked SOME of the missions, and some of the areas in the game are very well made to fit the game's main focus: to run around freely and do tricks, grind and all sorts of things.But that's where I have to stop my praise. While the free play of Hover is great, its the missions and at least 2 areas in the game that cause great fustraition, and yes I understand that this is an early version of the game and that it's been under years of updates.1) E-Cop Prison Maze and Orbital StationThe Prison was where I first found out that this game's not fooling around with it's stealth segments as it has you sneak around cameras and sensor floors and such that would make Solid Snake blush. Its not so bad until you realize that even with the map for people that make it on thier first playthrugh wont know how to complete the main story mission because the maze like routes can get confusing if not annoying to traverse through.And its worse in the Orbital Station. Jesus Christ, it's the final area in the game yes, but who in thier right mind would put so much security in places that you know your characters could easily run into or bump into (Im talking mainly about the Spy Drone Chase to get to M.U.M.) And the final race/gameball challanges against the final boss has secutity spotlights, lasers, and sensor floors where if you so much as trigger them, you will have an E-cop or Securibox trail you, and if your character has already gotten strikes on them, its back up to where you came from. Which is fustraiting. You almost have to count on other players (Which yes that's one of the things the game supports you to do) just to complete the final two challanges. And let's get back to that Spy Drone chase. In the areas were you have to jump in where the halls are low and your character will sometimes jump too high and cling to the decals (or whatever those purple things are) they will fall and trigger the alarm and will most likely get caught.This is a sign of bad design.2) No MapThis is a Sandbox-ish game with no map unless you are either in the sewers or in the prision. It would help out alot if we had a in game map that showed missions along with the arrow and boxes on screen.This Game isnt a totally bad game. Its soundtrack again is well put together, and again some of the missions are good, just not the ones where you have to memorize every posible route youhave to go or have to rely on help all the time. I hate to sy it but I dont reccomend this game unless you really want to play it. Please fix these problems  for your updates guys."
,Recommended,280180,32202012,Posted: 5 June,all,theelmotwn,"9 words ""Best Game I Have Ever Played On Steam Before!!!!!"" I think that sums it up xD Thumbs UP!"
76561198093124837,Recommended,280180,22542887,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Trueno Panda,"IS YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥HARD? WELL IT'S ABOUT TO GET HARDER!EVER PLAYED JET SET RADIO OR MIRROR'S EDGE? IF YOU PLAYED OR ATLEAST ONE OF THE TWO, THIS GAME IS THE BALLS FOR YOU!  THIS SIMULATION OF THE FUTURE WILL MAKE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥SO HARD, IT'LL EXPLODE, AND IT'S STILL IN ALPHA!You play as a edgy-looking futristic kid who can run and jump like Sonic and an NBA Superstar combined! You join a gang so you can overthrow some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mayor guy that somehow became mayor despite his strict and stupid♥♥♥♥♥rules. Run, jump, and grind on rails in the most badass way with badass neon lights and badass flips as you do sabotage, deliver, and chase missions in style! AS IF THAT WASN'T BONER-INDUCING ALREADY!BUY NOW FOR A LOW LOW LOW LOW LOW PRICE OF ABOUT $20!"
76561198122949953,Not Recommended,280180,15805513,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Kidlickurmum69,"i cant reccomend this, the framerate is balls i know its in early alpha but it doesnt seem like theyre doing anything to fix it other than the framerate this game is good"
,Recommended,280180,32139750,Posted: 2 June,all,Chips,"Worth getting, it's a fantastic game."
76561198209785824,Recommended,280180,33469410,Posted: 11 July,all,dic aint gay in 2017,PLZ get the game would hump a wall cough its has tracer rewind cough cough JuSt GeT It mirrors edge game 10/10
76561198176933550,Not Recommended,280180,32214352,Posted: 5 June,all,I Don't Know ಠ_ಠ,"For me the mouse controlling was too weird as well as moving and then having to awkwardly scroll your mouse to the correct perspective. And you have to scan everything and that gets frusterating and tedious after a while, honestly. Camera angle sucks too.Trailer looked epic, but personally this game ain't for me. Gonna get a refund and go buy Mirror's Edge."
,Not Recommended,280180,32547327,Posted: 18 June,all,FloppyDisk,"While still being somewhat of what I wanted from the game, it feels uncomplete. At first glance you may think that this is a single player Jet Set Radio inspired parkour game with a cyberpunk city and quests. The game actually turns out to be a MMO style arcade. I do like the gameplay, parkour is fun and is useful for getting around the map. But the map is very, very small. Like unreasonably small. There is the separate area of the sewers in the game, which is just a glorified challenge course, but even that gets small, and even worse, the sewers area is a maze and is difficult to map a course to the next objective. Also, questing in this game is lackluster. The quests go from; get a thing and return it to a person or playing a game of ""Gameball"". Which is literally just basketball with parkour, which sounds cool at first but is just a cluster****. So I would lay of this game until they update it. A lot. And I mean a whole bunch because what they have so far is just boring and repetetive."
76561198035709454,Not Recommended,280180,32143015,Posted: 2 June,all,GASTR0 Z,"When this game was announced (quite a long while ago), it was touted as a spiritual successor to the Jet Set Radio games.  Let me say that if that is your reason for buying this, just wait for Sega to release JSRF on steam (That is, the sequel to JSR, for those who refuse to read before commenting).Just two hours in and the soundtrack has become annoying and repetitive; some songs will even start as soon as you enter an area a few dozen meters wide, interrupting the previous song and then, because you're no doubt blazing through on the way to somewhere else, end with the previous song starting again.Not only are the controls often unsatisfying, unless you know the technical identification for each input on a gamepad, remapping is an absolute chore.  I use an Xbox One controller and for some reason the only button they made a prompt graphic for is Y, which they use in a ubiquitous prompt to ""press Y or to (sic) skip dialogue""Which brings me to the interface; more specifically, the GUI. Good luck if you are like me and usually find menus easier to peruse with a D-pad, because this game will FORCE you to use a mouse. If not your hardware mouse, it will make you traverse the menu with the thumbstick, with a cursor that will inexplicably slow down if it rolls over any window brought up in the menu.  For a game that seems so focused on speed, I sure am often harried by any business outside of the actual gameplay.Complimenting the imcomprehensible nature of any tutorials for those using alternative inputs are the many typos, bland fonts, and flashing rainbow effects added to many peices of text or the target boxes in the scanner.After all this though, I noticed something that didn't occur to me before. While adjusting the settings, I spied a graphic next to certain options like ""Emote"" and ""Friends only."" A construction work icon.This game is still not finished."
,Recommended,280180,20817989,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Boy cock Girl cock E-I-E-I-O,Spent 20 minutes with a random lad finding the highest places to jump off. 10/10 would jump off buildings again with random people.
,Not Recommended,280180,32378887,Posted: 12 June,all,Jaal,"Apparently its still in alpha; many things are still 'in the making' like customization for sprays, chatting, and emotes...I may pick it up when finished. It is too little for $20 at the moment. :(However gameplay is solid, and stats and what little customization is pretty neato. Hope to see some MAJOR updates!"
,Not Recommended,280180,31775770,Posted: 15 May,all,PresidentSenpai,"Game is a really great idea, as a huge fan of Jet set radio this game really doesnt do it for me.the controls are OKAY i mean, theyre passable but i wouldnt call them good but they just dont feel satisfying.Exploration would be interesting if the entire enviornment didnt look so.. samey. LIterally i cant find my way around because there are no real landmarks for me to get an idea. The lateral design of the world really doesnt do any favors either, but i get it. They want to focus on it looking cool jumping through a sprawling enviornment.The game doesnt really flow how i would expect something like this to im sure it can, but platforming feels lacking without a general direction, especially when youre constantly climbing up and you fall down. A rewind feature is there not as a feature but more of how frusterating the control and level design is out of necessity.MIssions arent always clear cut in where to go or what to do which doesnt helpRacing around the city offers some enjoyment...Lastly i get that the game is called hover but my character feels really floaty, and is makes doing tricks not feel as satisfying as id like.The game is really ambitious for a 3 person team but in its current state i cant recommend it. No matter how much i like the art style, music, and concept.I hope this game gets better when its done in early access because i totally want to buy it and like it!"
,Not Recommended,280180,32120803,Posted: 1 June,all,Lolcatty [>'']>,"Great concept. Before the flame begins, let me just say I love these games.I own a 1070 8gb card too and this game tanked-frames were bad-I would like clearer objective markers and maybe a mini map to give me way points.-The MMO concept is kinda pointless but co-op/online multiplayer is neat."
,Not Recommended,280180,31652037,Posted: 9 May,all,Mr. Riddlemethis,"This game was fun... until I finished the tutorial level. One word: GPS. There's none of it. And while the controls are nice, some problems may accur while using a controller.And no ledge grabs. I know you have a small budget, guys, but the rewind button really gives me headache. ESPECIALLY in Watabas's mission... I hate you, Watabas.Not to mention that all the missions feel like daily missions. It goes like this: bring this, jump there, race him/her... That's it. The races are the most fun missions because IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A PARKOUR GAME NOT DOODLE JUMP OR SONIC ADVENTURE (the bad part of it) but they are short. Really short. And where the hell are graffiti challenges?The character design is BADASS though. They're RAD and COOL and down right pleasing to the eyes (no sarcasm). The same goes to the city. I REALLY appreciate the amount of effort put to create such wonderful characters and locations. I want to give a hi-five to the designer.And the abilities and overall controls... Oh, my goodness... What is there is BRILLIANT. Grinding, making tricks, going inSAYAN... Whoooh! But that won't save the game BWAHAHAHAHA!The music is okay. Some standart modern D 'n' B stuff. It means that in every track someone spits every 1st, 3rd, 6th and 7th half of a beat... It sounds something like this: PFFF, PFFF, PFFF-PFFF, PFFF, PFFF, PFFF-PFFF! But a breakcore track was nice... I guess. As well as bigbit tracks. ♥♥♥♥♥funk's tracks were nice too but there are only two (!) and he can do better.Final verdict: if you're a masochist and like spending hours on finding out where the heck a next mission is then this game is for you. Maybe there is some fun but:1. it's Early Access so it's unlikely;2. I'm not a reviewer to complete an entire game while not having fun just for the sake of a review.P.S.: I'm a bit sad that such a potential project is held back by these drawbacks. So much that it's not fun. I really wish that the game will be better when it will be released (the hope slowly disappears because the release is coming soon) and wish the devs good luck. But now... REFUND TIIIME YAAAAAY!!!!UPDATE: refund failed. Would never buy EA games again... BECAUSE OF ORIGIN YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! That was awkward..."
76561198073468291,Not Recommended,280180,32943557,Posted: 28 June,all,kjm99,"If you have friends to play with this might be an fun game, otherwise unless you're really into parkour it's not that entertaining."
76561198134689515,Recommended,280180,19941473,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Ripper Roo,good gaem buy pls10/10 makes my wiener hard
,Not Recommended,280180,32246625,Posted: 7 June,all,sakudan,"Game is worth $10 not $20.The missions spike in difficulty towards the end and nothing feels rewards except when you get perfect times.The E-Cops (the needless obstacle in this game (yes there were cops in jet set ik)) are rediculous and shouldn't be used the way they are. Cameras and obstacles that are there just to add difficulty in a non fun way.Only the race and gameball challeneges really feel like a challenge, because they do not involved insanely difficult police that ruins the entire race for you.Wait until it is on sale, game is fun but not worth $20"
76561198118113189,Recommended,280180,15250598,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Åtten,Amazing :D
,Not Recommended,280180,32280946,Posted: 8 June,all,Munry,"Don't get me wrong, I think it's a great game already, I just think that it still feels like a beta. Lots of bugs, a very badly-coded AI and a crappy UI make for a very frustrating experience sometimes. Now I've seen players who've done pretty much every mission and who'll tell you that everything is doable if you're good enough, but there's some missions I've had to put on pause because it was so frustrating because of AI or bugs or whatever. There's a moment where frustration makes having fun impossible, and Hover has a lot of these moments. And I say that by having 2000+ hours on Dota 2, so believe me I know what frustration is.Anyway, in my opinion people should wait for a month or two before buying this game, if not more. I hope, and I believe the developers are still working on this game and that it'll get a bit better eventually, but right now I'm giving this a negative review to motivate the devs to work on this just a bit more, to make it all less frustrating and more enjoyable. If anything, at least make a better menu."
,Not Recommended,280180,32241485,Posted: 7 June,all,Seashells by the sea Shorepheus,"Game has potential but pretty much all of the missions are garbage and unfun. Half of them you fail because you ran out of time, which I really hate the arbitrary time limits on missions. I understand going after gold/silver/bronze to get the best times. But just to complete missions to continue the story is really bad. The final race is awful, and if you get caught by the e-cops you lose an hours progress. The jumpy can be incredibly janky, sometimes you go random directions sometimes you do a super momentum jump and go nowhere. I jumped off of a surface and it put me in the other direction. The energy system is really annoying too, you'll be jumping around and then you hear the low energy noise and then you can't jump. There are so many missions in which you have to bump into a flying robot three times, how is this fun? The final area the galactic tower or whatever is awful, 60 minutes of stupid obstacles that reset your progress. The artstyle is really clunky too, and the dialogue is really cringy. ""Gamers"" could be the worst thing I've ever seen. The game is also buggy, you randomly get dropped from missions and in the second area retrying a mission will cause you to go through the floor. Please fix the stupid mission design so that it's enjoyable and not a constant grind through the game. I really REALLY wanted to love this game but it's been nothing but pain along the way.Also please fix the fact you lose an hours progress on the last area if you get caught in the final race. It's so ♥♥♥♥ing dumb and it's what caused me to finally admit that this game is bad."
76561198050935191,Not Recommended,280180,29239295,Posted: 13 January,all,NathanielRyanJones,"TL;DR, don't.Now, I know this game is still early access, and that I've only played a bit more than an hour of it, but that was more than enough. I just can't recomend a game so painful as this one, and I certainly can't stand by while it maintains such a high rating.To begin with, I picked up this game after hearing that it was supposed to be a successor to Jet Set Radio, something that it casually seems to be attempting, and that's how I'll first judge it. After all, it's a game that uses a highly-stylized cel-shaded art style, with a focus on movement over action, that takes a distinctly rebelious stance against a controlling society; if that doesn't sound like JSR, then I don't know what does. The primary issue, of course, is that JSR was actually good, while this... I hesitate to actually call it a 'game' yet, because it's more of a simulator with game bits included, and it's not even very good at that. To put a more fine point on it, JSR and JSRF were held up on four central pillars: fun movement, great music, a sense of punkish rebelion, and a wicked sense of style. This game manages to support itself on... none of them.Firstly, JSR and JSRF were, at heart, skating games that just happened to use tagging instead of tricks as your primary metric of advancement, and so kept a lot of the attitudes and design philosophy of skating games, such as the wide variety of tricks, the easy flow of movement, and the sense of control at speed, where you could find yourself doing a backflip off a rail, sliding along a wall, spinning into another rail, having to longjump over a massive drop, landing on another rail, before leaping from it just in time to avoid a guy and spray paint on him. Hover, meanwhile, is a game that tries to substitute freerunning (not parkour, parkour is a philosophy of speed and efficiency, which this game lacks) instead, and it suffers for it. The speed boost system is both stupidly easy to game and crippling in its implementation, the tricks included are generally bland and clumsy, actual precision of movement is a task of great difficulty, the wall-jump mechanic manages to be clumsy and denegrate the level design, and the grinding mechanics seem to exist entirely to make the game more like JSR, something they do a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job of.Second, the art in Hover is terrible. There's no getting around this; I know it's an indie game, but his is just... just bad. In JSR and JSRF, much better games, the art style was used to paint the world in aerosol, to give a sense of vibrancy and life to it, to helped it come across as all the more subversive, while also saving processing power and disc space. The JSR art style wasn't afraid to use bold, bright colours, to allow the world to stand on its own through nothing but its shading, and was varied enough that every area was entirely distinct from each other, making it both charming and practical. Hover, meanwhile, doesn't want to use its painted-manga cel-shading to make an actual artistic statement, but would rather just wallow in JSR's used bathwater. There's no sense of life to it; all the actual features of the game are so heavily desaturated that it all just comes across as gloomy and depressing, like the first chapter of a dystopian cyberpunk comic, made worse by all the ♥♥♥♥ing neon the game staples to every available surface, characters included. The place looks like it's filled with smog, the actual level areas are so similarly designed that, besides the upper layer and bottom pit, I couldn't tell you the difference between them, and everything fades into this ugly shade of fungal orange.JSR expressed itself through art, but the style that made it great was more than just the visuals. It came from the world around you, of the sense of rebelion, of being able to stand above the world and mark it up as you wish. You weren't a hero; with pirate radio, graffiti, tresspassing, and more as your means of self-expression and entertainment, you were just a punk having himself some fun, damn the consequences. Hover, though, distances itself from this sense of devil-may-care teenage rebelion and freedom in favor of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cyberpunk story I have ever heard, where 'gamer' has been rewritten to mean, ""neon covered time traveling gymnist,"" who is fighting against standard dystopian authority figure #6313 because he wants to ban fun, and they fight by... running places. Yeah, the words, 'Early Access' are the only shield the game gets here; maybe it'll spontaniously grow a plot that doesn't huff fertalizer fumes, and maybe it'll actually start being good. Excuse me if I doubt it.Most damning for Hover, though, is the music. JSR had an amazing soundtrack, one that took the very idea of inner-city rebelion and brought it to life. It was a wierd mix of rock and hip-hop and half a dozen other things, which managed to escape the ideas and steriotypes of the genera they came from and become something amazing. Hover, meanwhile, has nothing to pace it here at all. It has all of about one ungodly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ song, which will now and forever be the elevator music of my personal hell. It's absolute blasphemy to even try to compare the music in these two games, like demanding that Neil deGrasse Tyson have to stand next to the Time Cube Guy so that the TCG can make a better fool of himself; put simply, Hover doesn't even deserve the recognition of comparison, because its music doesn't even deserve to be mentioned in the same paragraph, let alone sentance, as that of JSR.In conclusion, no. This game isn't a worthy successor to its inspiration. It isn't even good standing on its own merits. By itself it's merely bad, another ugly, boring early-access game to add to the pile, one which has shot itself in the head by letting us see it while it's still a quarter-functional heap of textures, mechanics, and unteathered ambition, trying to make bank on the promise that it'll stop being♥♥♥♥♥♥eventually. With the comparison to JSR and JSRF, it doesn't even get to call itself ambitious, being an utterly inferior knock-off that manages to make itself worse with everything it does differently.If you're looking for a fun game that actually uses the style right, go to Jet Set Radio, it's all of ten buck on here. If you're looking for a parkour-em-up to kill some time, Steam has plenty of those. If you're just looking to kill a few minutes between cradle and grave without regard for content, there are other, worthier, better games out there, games like RONIN, Copy Kitty, and Sunless Sea, games that actually try to be different and still be good.Hover, meanwhile, doesn't. It's an overpriced knockoff that has running, terrible environments, ungodly horrible music, and ♥♥♥♥ all else. Don't waste your money; I wish JSR and JSRF had another sequal, something to bring the fun and sense of style back and give me more awesome stunts and graffiti, but this isn't it."
,Not Recommended,280180,32148450,Posted: 3 June,all,Kopseer,"Seeing a lot of glowing reviews for this game, so I decided to try it out.  An open world parkour/hover rail grinding game with multiplayer?  Sounds great!But really, this game feels like an early access game.-The visuals are fuzzy(perhaps only an issue on max, I don't know).-The default keybindings had Z for forward, A for left, S for back and D for right.-Deciding to use an Xbox One controller instead of rebinding keys I found that popup hints displayed the correct buttonsbut during dialogues the game would refer to ""JoystickButton3"" (which is Y on the controller btw).-The level design isn't great, there doesn't seem to be a smooth flow for moving about (this game is nothing like SSX assome reviews here would like to say).-The interface is very clunky and doesn't seem to have had a lot of attention put into.-The camera controls remind me of the remastered Fable, which is bad, bad not as bad as Fable's.-When using a controller and trying to click on menu options or buttons on messages the left analogue stick mopvesabout a cursor like a mouse.-Overall the gameplay is clunkyHonestly, if this was an early access game that didn't cost like $20 and have a bunch of raving reviews praising it for more than it actually is (this is not a mirror's edge/tony hawks/SSX/Jet Set Radio hybrid) I'd be more lenient.This game requires more polish before I can even begin rethinking my recommendation, which is a shame as I can see the devs have some interesting and fun ideas."
76561198056264816,Not Recommended,280180,32145695,Posted: 2 June,all,fractalGrip,I was expecting Jet Set Radio 3 but it doesn't look good it doesn't play well and is overall just not good.
,Not Recommended,280180,32117420,Posted: 1 June,all,rubby,"worked at first, second launch sends to a black screen. not even the community forum works to ask for tecch support. waste"
,Not Recommended,280180,15822250,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,T-man,My wallet still stings.
76561198126549716,Not Recommended,280180,32144856,Posted: 2 June,all,Skjalgrim,"This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥, nothing is properly explained at all. you lag during missions even if you have a good intenret, a♥♥♥♥♥♥toxic commute already ffs, 59 minutes in and already its bad, if you want jetset radio i suggest going back in time or to your nearest old game store  n pick up a console or be one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥s who grab emulators cheaping your expierence like a ♥♥♥♥tard. you barly do any tricks aside from grinding n wall jumps thats it and the missions are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and laggy as hell. i would save your money else where."
,Not Recommended,280180,18830973,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Doc,"-buys game-thinks game will be totally sick-loads game-game crashes-relaunches game-crash-retries 20 more times-BSOD♥♥♥♥. YOU. fix your game of this freezing/crashing issue.this is why early access titles get a bad reputation. im sure the developers are aware of this issue, but the game has been out for months and this is a common isue that is still happening several months later. stop releasing games before they are playable."
76561198206893416,Not Recommended,280180,35349192,Posted: 30 September,all,maritzasoy,SO ANNOYING GAHHH
,Recommended,280180,15238408,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,alex,"This was the first review ever posted for this game.I'm just editing it now.It's an amazing game but the updates are pushed out rather slowly.And with new updates there isn't that much content at all, last we gotwas a pretty cool character but that was it.It's still really good and I do reccomend it to people who loved the Jet Set Radio games."
,Not Recommended,280180,28990911,Posted: 3 January,all,ControL♥FPS,"The good thing about this game is the soundtrack... and maybe the concept of it, that's it.The gameplay is boring... the only missions there are are go from point A to point B really fast, and sometimes maybe bring a ""gameball"" with you, or play some sort of weird basketball.They show tricks like it's a tony hawk game, but in reality there's only one trick/grind button that chooses randomly the trick you'll do. You can't choose whether you're gonna do a backflip, a canonball or a split, the game ♥♥♥♥ing choose for you. The only way to gain speed is to grind on rails and just... run. You really aren't fast and you have NO AIR CONTROL.A GAME BASED AROUND MOVEMENT AND FREE RUNNING, WITH NO AIR CONTROL. WOW.I expected the movement to be as fluid a quake or counter-strike, to be able to do control my character in the air just like on land and be able to do cool tricks and races... but the movement system is just garbage.Customisation: Ah, I expected to be able to make my own character, but sadly you only have 2 characters who look the exact ♥♥♥♥ing same at the beginning, and you can change the colors of them a bit.You want other characters? Oh yeah, you can unlock like 5 preset ones that you can change the colors of. The ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh, you like graffiti? Well you only have one. You can't make your own, though♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't even get me started on the dialogue. Which one of you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though it was a good idea to put the text a character says on the right, then have the text of the other character on the left, CONSTANTLY. You need to constantly move your head left and right constantly to read EVERY conversation. Wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥The performance is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I can *almost* get 60 fps in 1080p all low with a fx-6300 @4.4ghz and a GTX 970.HELLO? the graphics in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing CARTOONY. They shouldn't be very hard to process, wtf?I get 2x better fps in Battlefield 4 all ultra @1080p than this, it's actually pathetic.Oh by the way, if you like playing in first person I hope you like head bobbing that makes you want to throw up, BECAUSE YOU CAN'T DISABLE IT FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad. It's a steaming piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and i'm SO, SO ♥♥♥♥ing glad that steam refunds exist.It's sad because from the looks and trailers of it, it looked really good... But it dissapointed me harder than I dissapointed my ex-girlfriend."
,Not Recommended,280180,20138456,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Slammus,Basically its a game about how a bunch of gamers decide the only way to protest not being able to play games is to run around like morons. no gamers can run for more than 30 seconds in real life so its. yeah.
,Recommended,280180,31089657,Posted: 11 April,all,bus,i like
,Not Recommended,280180,32179541,Posted: 4 June,all,🎃¡Spooky!🎃,"Until the FPS issue is fixed; no. I understand this was worked on by a small team, but irregardless, if you have intentions of releasing a quality title, then please finish working on the game before you decide to officially release it to the public. The FPS drops significantly if i jump or skate around, which is extremely problematic considering you have to slide around to build up energy to move faster and jump higher, and you also have to repeatedly be jumping just to get from point A to point B in most cases."
76561198114532348,Not Recommended,280180,26568109,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SUPREME,"they lied about the game being for mac. They have updated the game at least 5 times, adding new parts to the map and new characeters, missions, settings and UI but they do not update it for mac. If you have a mac do not by this game it is a waste of money and you will be very frustrated"
,Not Recommended,280180,16216335,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Cameron,no
,Not Recommended,280180,33150388,Posted: 2 July,all,Amor Fati 117,"The devs tried, but they failed to emulate what made Jet Set Radio so good. This game is really subpar and almost soulless in comparison."
,Not Recommended,280180,15241428,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"Look, when it comes down to it, there's not enough here to really get excited about. It's the curse of Early Access: the base gameplay has some potential, but the game with missions missing all over the place and has a lack of real livelyness to the world. It feels barren of life, just a hub of some of the same missions over and over again, and it's really not fun to run around places. I just don't see the appeal. In the end, the fact that it goes to 2016 in terms of development time without a plan....I can't recommend it.Some gameplay (regarding early access) here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaWjWkeI5WM"
,Not Recommended,280180,23875739,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dante S. Ryu,"No one online.. I got bored, running around alone.."
,Not Recommended,280180,17996224,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Megaflux,"this was another kickstarter sham. looked promising to anyone who liked jet grind radio, but DOES NOT DELIVER! they actually said the game was inspired by jsr (to the point where they even got the same composer to do the soundtrack) and mirrors edge (a game i have 0 fondness for) but whats been delivered feels more like an AWKWARD, CLUNKY, e-sport wanna-be game (throwing balls in hoops and obstacle course racing..). there is NONE of the slick movement from jet grind radio, no collecting spray cans and boosting through crowds of people, no tagging.. all they really stole was the art style sort of. AND it has a rewind button! yea, apparently they took a page from forza and said ""well if people suck they can just rewind the last few seconds"" removing all need to try and hit your lines.wasnt the first and wont be the last, but i knew the second they tried to use what little credibility they had to sell another product their publisher was peddling it wasnt going to end well."
,Not Recommended,280180,32184616,Posted: 4 June,all,zerox102,Cons:-♥♥♥♥♥♥UI-♥♥♥♥♥♥Controls- Defaults to french keyboard layout- These people don't know how to actually replace a dummy string so the game tells me to press the #menu key :^)- Animations from the year 3 B.C.Pros:- Visual Studio Just In Time Debugger opens to come to the rescue :^)
76561198120764804,Not Recommended,280180,32155357,Posted: 3 June,all,FLACO,worst map ever
,Not Recommended,280180,32198986,Posted: 5 June,all,Scythe M.D.,1 small sandbox check1 grind system with missions that require stats boosted past a number to progress1 progression system that increases your speed from 30 to 40 over 20 hours of grindy gameplay1 game where you can experience all the best bits within 2 hours of gamplay and ignore the slog fest1 last level of the game that makes you repeat it over and over and over again with no respawns after 3 failed miss steps you go all the way back to the start and resets everything.check check and nailed itdon't get this game unless it's on sale for 70% or more off it's just not worth the price on the tinit's fun with freinds sure but is it worth each of you forking over $20 for a game you might play once for an hour?No.also ps the last mission is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,280180,19430752,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RSK,please bring support for xbox controller on OS X as advertised!  Dope early access title otherwise.
,Recommended,280180,15319754,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝Hamburger Biscuit⎠⎞,It's like Jet Set Radio and Mirror's Edge had some nasty BDSM marathon
,Recommended,280180,15320493,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Das grüne Lemur,"the game is good and i am having fun messing around with the gameplay and parkour elements, and i feel a jet set radio vibe from it and i love that, but the missions are annoying, i got stuck on the gamecube delivery mission because i had no idea where i was going or how to get to the place the game wanted me to go, the missions aside this game is fun, but needs improvement but for an early access game this game is worth the money"
76561198125002370,Recommended,280180,15309595,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,White Pride,I Love this game its free rome and parkore in one the grafics may still be abit dodgy but it is only in alfa cant wait to see finished game
,Recommended,280180,15313379,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Trjack,"You start with one generic hoodied masked and completely covered character looking for the resistance. It teaches you the controls (Which are easy to catch) and sets you free to a sizable city to explore. From there you can A:Run around grabbing 'Game Spheres' and delivering them to drop off points or B:Do races or more game sphere throwing in a competitive way. The game is fun while it's new but as you learn the map and see yourself replaying missions it becomes boring. The online mode of the game is mostly functional with only occasional dissconnections(At the time of writing this, that will probably change as more people come in). Lastly, the games optimizations could be better with my frames averaging 27 per second.Overall it is fun to play but it needs more options, running around the same area for two hours has that effect."
,Recommended,280180,15341568,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,StrangeTomato,"fast and intuitive, my kind of game."
76561198043995397,Recommended,280180,15341808,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Poopkins,"Jet set radio meets Mirrors Edge. Though I have noticed that of you play for more than 20 minutes you can start to feel motion sickness, it never stops being fun. I'm always finding new things to do and have not done any missons yet, only wandered and thought to myself ""Ima get up there and see where I can get from there."" The rewind feature adds to the fun where if I mess up I can just go back and try again. Love it so far. Most excellent for an early access Alpha."
76561198040444276,Recommended,280180,15343313,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,divXen気難しいクマ,i've only played it for a few minutes but so far i love it my fps is really bad like 10 to 2 bad but its a epic game i cant get the muiltyplayer to work it might be from my god afule fps but ya epic game i cant wait to see it finished thats all for now. ignore my stupid spelling
,Recommended,280180,15653603,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Red King Christain Van-Fursing,"Hover has been very good so far, the parkour is as smooth as it can be at the moment and I, for one, find it pleasant to find a first person game that doesent have violence, yes I like TF2 and CS (CS:GO) and Half Life, but it's nice to get away from all the violent games every now and then.for early access, it's doing better than I expected in terms of the environment and what is going on and the all around feel of it.Though every game has flaws and this is no exeption the frame rate is rather poor but I was expecting that and YOU SHOULD TOO thankfuly the devs are working hard to fix that, the other problem I have is the repetitive music. It's just the same song over and over again, and I uderstand that people may realy enjoy the music.Once the optimization has been compleated I would like to see a music playlist for the game so it will have more of a variaty of background music, and if it were to allow you to add-in your music from your computer, that would be a neat feature, but I don't have my hopes up for that.to end this review I would like to give this game a 8.9/10 keep up the good work guys!! once it has fully realeased I will review it again and hopefully with a better score."
,Recommended,280180,15416127,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Switcha,10/10 would barf again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ilqQc6Fc0A
,Recommended,280180,15408331,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,G4all,"Aside from the atrocious optimization, I love this game and it has so much potential. I have even for some fun eater egg already ... THE TARDUS!"
,Recommended,280180,15808784,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,A Lazy CBRN National Guardsman,Jet Set Radio + Mirrors Edge (Minus Weapons) = Dope.
76561198038043047,Recommended,280180,18332491,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Quillton DC,"Seriously, superhuman parkour is like the best combination you can have for a game. Although its a little light on the content, but the gameplay is what's being shown off, which it nails perfectly."
,Recommended,280180,18670378,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,RustedPork,HOLY CRAP BEST GAME EVER GET IT RIGHT NOW BYE BYE
76561198161890911,Recommended,280180,18703965,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,MasterPanda2004,you should get it because it is going to be amazing when it fully comes out.
76561198078630134,Recommended,280180,15284628,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Trash,"Normally, I don't go for early access games, but I've been pretty excited for the public release for a while, and I am not in the least bit dissapointed. The world is vibrant and fun, and the first person view is fantastic. I look foward to future updates."
,Recommended,280180,15287548,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,King Of The Dingos,"With plenty of neon and futuristic characters, this game is sure to remind the player of the Jet Set series of games. Except this game is different in that instead of having rollerskates, the player moves through the city through the use of freerunning. Walljump, run, slide, and grind around this futuristic world of Hover: Revolt of Gamers.Also, for an alpha game, Hover is incredibly well done, especially for a 3 person team."
,Recommended,280180,15301931,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Modest Machina,"The game's got a lot of performance issues at the moment and the dialogue and title are a bit cringey. Past that, however, the game feels amazing to control and the environment is perfect for messing around in; had the performance not been so inconsistent, I'd probably be playing with the current version for hours. The character creation shows some potential, and the game feels almost perfectly like what it sets out to be: a merging of Mirror's Edge and Jet Set Radio Future with the fluent controls and techniques of the former and the colorful fast-paced action and good music of the latter. So long as the devs stay committed to this project, I think this'll turn out to be pretty damn good."
,Recommended,280180,15302088,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,drybones106,All the yes.
,Recommended,280180,27914381,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arcana,"Basically Jet Set Radio and Mirror's Edge rolled into one game, with cyberpunk aesthetics layered on top as a bonus.My only real complaint is that the whole HUD moves whenever you do anything (which is kind of disorienting), and as far as I can tell, this cannot be toned down or disabled. Hoping that this problem get ironed out over time."
76561198162348489,Recommended,280180,29208274,Posted: 12 January,all,Komander_3,"Hey, can't load my character, creating new group is bugged too. Help, can't play!Oh just had to launch as administrator...But fix that!!!"
,Recommended,280180,21736394,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Arkmenius,"Despite its glaring flaws (all of which can be explained by the fact it's still Early Access), this game seriously has promise. The feeling of running around and having to use creativity to leap from place to place is certainly fun and the game's art style is definately right up my alley. It's very similar to a modern Jet Set Radio, just parkour and not skating.While the controls need to be tightened up and someone needs to go through and pick out the many and various engrish examples, this game could be really fun once it comes out of EA.While I technically recommend the game, wait until it's either on sale or the price comes down. Twenty bucks for an unpolished proof of concept is pretty steep in this day and age."
,Recommended,280180,21658705,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Splort,"This game basically brings mirrors edge and open world RPGs together. It's very fun and im looking forward to future updates. If you're looking for a game that brings fast paced parkour, running, jumping, and RPG-esque missions into the game then this is for you"
,Recommended,280180,19124728,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zaph,"Although still early access, it's the most fun parkour game I have ever played.Definately recommended for JSRF fans or other parkour video game fans.Some things that would make the game better:Performance tweaks.Option to disable the ribbon effect on the light shoes, other graphical options.100% character customization, instead of using premade characters.Workshop Support? (Custom clothing, maps, music, character models, etc.)Decoratable/Customizable Homesteads."
,Recommended,280180,21932923,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Kiryuuin Ragyo,"PsssshLike games like Jet Set Radio? Miss the gameplay and music? miss that unique art style that it has? Well  Hover : Revolt Of Gamers has what you need. The pictures doesn’t do the game true justice. On good settings, It looks ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful and gameplay is really really fun as hell. Now the game is still in Steam early access but it does get actual update and support from the creators. It has some bugs here and there but nothing really big, plus it’s a game in early access, it gonna have some bugs. I highly recommend this game if you’re a fan of JSRF and still waiting for sega to launch a remaster on steam like they did on JGR."
,Recommended,280180,21827689,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dr ShankYoAss,Great colourful game 10/10
,Recommended,280180,21843740,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,warbee12,This is as close as we're gonna get to JSR3 and I love it.
76561198180630053,Recommended,280180,25369508,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gamerjoe716,"Hover: Revolt of Gamers is a game in the style of Jet Set Radio and Mirrors Edge. So far it seems very promising, and the game mechanics seem very unique and fun. At the time of this review, the game isn't finished, nor is it very optimized for some computers, so I can't really give my opinion on the full game at the moment. The main thing I can say is that Hover is very fast and gives you a lot of freedom of movement. If you like fast paced platformers, I would suggest checking this game out."
,Recommended,280180,25338226,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Skylor,Kickass.
,Recommended,280180,25456926,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Dino,"amazing game, jet set radio esque. great fun with friends and strangers alike.but... crashes quite often, especially when jumping from quite high heights"
76561198117905314,Recommended,280180,22528125,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"Simply exelent! im glad there are a fe good dev teams that love the art of gaming and this definatly seems like one. even tho updates arre slow due to a small team im told its still hands down a great game gor freerunners, VR users, and any old JSRF fans from the xbox original days. highly reccomend!!"
76561198081043975,Recommended,280180,24509950,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sully,"The ultimate in comfy games. Sit back, run about and enjoy the freeform parkour action.Final review prob gonna come when the game launches."
,Recommended,280180,24745983,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,AkiNeko,"probably the best game ive played in a while, 11/10would buy again (atleast 3 times)"
,Recommended,280180,25789207,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,NINJASLAYER,my game keeps crashing
76561198213343753,Recommended,280180,25788040,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Prodigal Son,"This game is a perfect example of Early Access done right and what can be done with a small team when there is talent within the group. I would highly reccommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the Jet Set Radio Series. I enjoyed playing this game back when I was on a system that could only run it at 15fps (on low settings), and now I'm enjoying even more on a system that runs it at over 60fps(on low settings). I am really glad I got this game during early access instead of waiting for it to come to consoles in a few years. Right now the game is fun at its alpha state, and when it's completed it will be several times better."
76561198166591202,Recommended,280180,25385181,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Daftthatpunk120,"So i kinda went on a journey with this game.  I had recently got a nice beefy PC. and one of th emain games i wanted to play was this game..  Yet there was was really weird bug that made it impossible to play(the game would crash)I seeked the internet but couldn't find it. But alas ic oudlnt play it  So i put it in the back of my mind.  until i played and finished Mirrors edge  catalyst. I needed a game with that speed and something, that immerse me into  environment. I had then looked only one more time for  a fix for the problem for the game before i was going o delete it off my HDD. but someone like me had teh same problem and got it resolved.  So i did it and surprisingly it worked. And let me tell you. from the screenshot and the trailers this game is that much more. especially in first person. I really await to see  what comes next from this 3 crew group of Devs. They really made something special.If i could make one minor changes or complaint in this amazing game is that.  the flow of music needs to be reworked. not that Ledarius Witherspoon  work isnt amazing. but when in the city (the majority of players spending time at) listening to  to the same track over and over and over again. Ledarius music which was once awesome sounding is now annoying and repetitive. maybe some kinda music tracklist or a ability to change tracks.  or even a mix of variation of Ledarius work.I cant wait to see what comes out in the next update Keep up the work. Im very impressed"
76561198077111485,Recommended,280180,25794483,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Volaan,SO far all i can say is this is Mirror's Edge + Jet Set Radio. Omg! a must play! plus Hideki Naganuma composing the music..... come on!
76561198070353162,Recommended,280180,25941779,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Freaking Gravity,"I've been watching this game since before the actual kickstarter, gradually keeping my eye on development. After the latest update, I can safely say I recommend. This game is the open world Jet Set Radio Future with kicking music and fun races. The main problems I had with the game before were performance related and a lack of things to do. I still think there isn't much to do in the game, I just enjoy running and jumping around the city. The only thing I like besides that are the races. I really don't like the Gameball challenges, and the little things like catching Police Spy Drone things and breaking the propaganda holograms are cathartic, but not really substantial. I do find the game worth the price as of the new update. The updates are slow, but at least they are large updates when they get around to it. The game is simple, it has little content right now, but what it has is very fun. I can't wait till this game is fully released."
,Recommended,280180,26170436,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Chicken Hunter,It's been a while since I played it so things might have changed.- The controls where not great.- The map design was pretty decent.- Might become good.NOTE: It's been in early access for ever don't buy it unless it's fully released.IMPORTANT: Check up so that it actually changed for the better since early access.
76561198090399974,Recommended,280180,25812708,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zippyd00da,I am the parkour king of graffiti and games.
,Recommended,280180,27858110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,N'nnyy,Like a good mirrors edge sequel. 10/10
76561198063896862,Recommended,280180,27452803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,scraptastic,"This game has an enormous potential in many ways,it just need more production and support but if you like rollerblading jetset radio with some parkour you will definitly like this keep in mind its a growing game but only depends on us to make it grow"
,Recommended,280180,27852482,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Talagan,"A really fun game, Jet Set Radio and Mirror's Edge. What more could you want?"
76561198081111000,Recommended,280180,27914718,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jangwolf,Very good game some of the best parkour mechanics ive seen in a long while and I love parkour games. Good game overall.
,Recommended,280180,26956510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Normandy,"An excellent game for fans of Jet Set Radio. There's a fun cell shaded art style, verticality, and fluid movement. Oh, and graffiti. There's enough content to be happy with as is, and the dev's keep adding more."
,Recommended,280180,26863673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,M00NSH4D0W,"If you like the open world games,the Tron feels like atmosphere and the parkour extreme sport you will be like this game.Its early acces tho,but the devs are very active (the project builded by 3 people btw) and they upload the new contents as they can."
76561198108015247,Recommended,280180,26695328,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,I Follow You,"As with many early access games, I was a little scared to buy this game, but the games graphics really made me want to play it. I bought the game (last year) and I have not regreted that choice. The game reminds me of Jet Set Radio and Mirrors edge and its really fun. The movement system could use some fixing, but that may be a personal prefrence. One thing I want in the game is a type of housing system. In the game you can 'get a house'. Its basicly a set spawn type of thing rather than a full on house, and I would really like if they put an actual house system in the game, but thats not the games main focus (personal prefrence again). Overall, the gameplay is good, the music is fantastic (reminds me of sonic rush and rush adventure), and the art style is fantastic. Keep up the good work"
76561198173231798,Recommended,280180,19135255,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,The Baconator,Somebody help on my mac it ceeps on crashing but when its not in early acess it might be awsome so if windows try it if no windows y shoulg still try
,Recommended,280180,27148539,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheLegend27,Pros:-Great platforming(duh)-Fun challenges-Addicting Mini-Games-A huge map to exploreThis game is amazing if you just want to run around and do some awesome parkour. There's always something to doCons:-Lackluster story-Limited Graphics-Odd multiplayer systemThe story is not something to praise. I barely found any of it neither from the missions of from talking to the NPC:s. The multiplayer function is also a rather broken one.
,Recommended,280180,27122876,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jibaku,"Hover: Revolt of Gamers is a great game!It surely reminds me of Jetset Radio, although Hover doesn't leave anything behind. The game is well polished, I didn't experienced any bugs. The game gets better as your abilities to control the character improve. Also it has kind of rpg feeling since you can spend points to improve your character speed, or maybe jump, energy etc. The music is awesome, suits the game perfectly. Even after getting to lv 10 (max level) there are some quests that still chalenges you.This game is definetely worth playing!"
76561198072587015,Recommended,280180,28716050,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jamesflash,"This game is everything it appeared to be, a cyberpunk free running game not to disimilar to the good old jet set radio games. I throuroughly recommend that anyone who has a thing for cyberpunk games or free runners get this. Its also all open world with the option to have players automatically be in the same world as you which there normally are at leaft a few of.As of recently as well they have added a progression system so you can now build your character to your prefferences making for an even more interesting time when playing it."
,Recommended,280180,28597543,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,spideyclick,"These guys did so many things right. The running and jumping is so smooth, and the aestheics are beautiful. For example, the glowing shoes may not seem like a big deal, but they bring your attention and add a flare that still hasn't gotten old 10 hrs through. The momentum is very well done, and the fact that you can keep upgrading makes you feel more and more powerful all the time!Maybe just a personal opinion, but I would say the music is kinda meh. It's not bad, but it's not great, and compared with the time I can easily spend in one session, it gets old fast. If it was paired with something like what 404 Sight had, I think it would have added a lot to the atmosphere. But really, that's one thing I can tottally take care of anyway, so who cares?If I could request one feature, then, being a Spider-Man geek, I would love to see some form of swinging. This isn't so unheard of now, with some big games implementing cables and such. I think it would let you do some sweet stuff when you've got lots of momentum but don't have any way to keep it when you hit the ground.At the end of the day, this game makes me feel like a super-hero! That's what they got right at the core. Even now I have to force myself to focus on goals and such because just running and exploring is so much fun! Great game, I hope it gets big, the devs keep working on it and other games will take a tip--movement matters!"
,Recommended,280180,28947212,Posted: 2 January,all,Th3ta-V0lt,"It's not very much at the moment, given that it's an Early Access title (mind the possible bugs at certain times), but if you're a fan of Jet Set Radio and/or Mirror's Edge, you're surely going to love this game. In fact, one could argue that it is a spiritual successor to both Jet Set Radio (namely Future, especially when you take the given aesthetics and environments into consideration) and Mirror's Edge (sure, Catalyst is now a thing, but it's nothing compared to this in the event that you wanna go around bouncing around from one place to another throughout the city whlie doing neat tricks/flips). While it was kinda tough getting used to the ups and downs, I got better at it, and enjoyed the game like a GG sprayin' graffiti (that's actually one thing you can do in the game). The open world is a nice place to explore, and the multiplayer makes it better.  The soundtrack isn't very much, but it'll have more tracks as time goes on (especially more catchy ones from what I can expect, since the one and only Hideki Naganuma is even involved here). You'll spend more time waiting for new things than playing the game, but then, like I said, the game is still in development, hence the reason why it's an Early Access title at the moment. I do like how you can collect skill chips to increase your stats. Other than that, it's an enjoyable game if you like doing mad parkour skills while some of the propaganda on the walls gets graffiti'd (yes, the fact that I put an ""-'d"" at the end of the word practically means I'm also a Homestar Runner fan, and that should be just as good) along the way."
76561198123177083,Recommended,280180,28767012,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BorT,"THANKSI realy like this game so far its already a very fun game , there is stil a lot of work to be done.the games style reminds me of Jet set Radio Future im a big fan of the latest development of this gamei look forward too the good things to come .KEEP UP THE GOOD WORKLOTS OF LOVETeam: Future Flowzzsee you in gamePs,I have a shity laptop with an i 3i did not meet the specsand jet i can run the game on low (verry good THANKS drX9 option )lets hope i can stil run it in the future"
76561198041513133,Recommended,280180,31909084,Posted: 22 May,all,BLU_13,"Fun parkour game, If you like mirrors edge or jet set radio buy this. Also affects the lights on Alienware computers and uses the alien fx well. Color changes depending where you're at."
,Recommended,280180,32109138,Posted: 1 June,all,A1D3X,"If you're into games like Jet Set Radio or Sunset Overdrive, then this game is a must have. Considering that it's been developed with a small team, I can only imagine how much better it will get over time. Keep up the great work y'all!"
76561198063879757,Recommended,280180,32114111,Posted: 1 June,all,Monkey Fudge Bimp,"Its hard from the start so do not expect to be able to run and jump as well as you would like.But is still fun don't get me wrong, but I have been shouting in anger quite a few times."
,Recommended,280180,32109056,Posted: 1 June,all,AyeeKyro,"I DONT EVEN HAVE WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW GOOD THIS GAME IS, JUST KNOW THAT IF YOU LIKE JET SET RADIO FUTURE THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!"
76561198116658770,Recommended,280180,32233406,Posted: 6 June,all,SoupICan,"This game isn't new. The roller blades have been replaced with parkour but this is simply another iteration of Jet Set Radio. That game and its sequel JSRF are 2 decade old Sega titles ... that I absolutley loved. I picked up Hover after seeing the trailer and remembering the soundtracks and hours spent exploring and tagging in pixel shaded bliss and have not been disappointed. This game is all about movement, fun tunes, and bright colors just like the previously mentioned ones with the addition of brand new shiny."
,Recommended,280180,15373484,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Phalanx,"I've played this since late 2015, and boy has it changed since then. There was a lot of time where nothing changed, and the game seemed like it was gonna be in Early Access forever, but lo and behold here's the full game.This is awesome fun. It's definitely a spiritual successor to JSR and JSRF, although has faster pace and a first person camera view like Mirror's Edge. Seriously, if you like the idea of platforming/freerunning games, this is probably for you just for that. The mechanics are seriously fun.However, there's a few drawbacks. Some of the grammar isn't brilliant, some small places seem unfinished, as well as the menus and first person camera seeming also a little rough. They're all minor issues, and most can be glossed over, but they're there.The races, gameball matches, and stealth missions are challenging and actually fun, something I was worried about (especially gameball) previously. They feel good to play, especially in multiplayer or just competitively in general.TL;DR: Yeah, it's fun, it's very lighthearted, but there's a lot of content and area to explore. Buy if you want a fun game, and don't care about a few rough edges."
,Recommended,280180,32155674,Posted: 3 June,all,Colynato,"Pros:++Parkour movement+Stunts/Energy mechanic++Awesome rewind ability+Character customization+Mission variety+Mission customization+Online capability+Thrilling city level design+Jet Set Radio inspired soundtrack++Tracks by Hideki Naganuma himself+Fun cartoony/JSR aestheticMeh:*Underwhelming graphics (Borderland-ish quality, which came out 8 years ago)*Scattered Lower City Level Design*Game is more enjoyable after unlocking new characters and reaching new areasCons:- Some Online lag and Mission bugs (Can be fixed by going Offline)- Old running animation (for certain characters)- Lackluster story- No voice acting (not even the goofy JSR kind)- Absurdly difficult final level- -Game still feels slightly unfinishedConclusion:This game feels like a solid $15-20 experience. The graphics and animation can be underwhelming and give the game an unfinished vibe. Expect a game inspired by JSR/JSRF. The game gains momentum after your start unlocking better character stats and expand to new areas. The parkour, rewind, and energy mechanics feel innovative in traversing the expansive levels and are super fun to use. I definately recommend."
,Recommended,280180,32232854,Posted: 6 June,all,That_One_Koi_Fish,"This is one of the best parkour games i have ever played. seriously this game is everything you wanted from a open world parkour adventure game. the music in the game fits perfectley with the world and sounds amazing, before i continue let me just add that the world is so big and full of things to do, sometimes i got lost, but im not saying this in a bad way, i found more things to do when i got lost then when i was actually going to my destination. this game also has online that you literally join in the click of a button, no loadtimes at all and you start off where you were when playing solo. this game is amazing and for 17 bucks its a complete masterpeice"
,Recommended,280180,32221576,Posted: 6 June,all,Shampoo,The game is fun and I like the atmosphere of the gameBut sometime it's brothering me when climbing some thing and the air tricks are lame because you just press the one button to trick and can't choose what trick do you want
76561198061042202,Recommended,280180,32224387,Posted: 6 June,all,InfectedMustard,"If you liked jsr or jsrf you will love this. As great as it is for jsr fans,  this game is absolutely great enough to also stand on its own. So check it out!"
,Recommended,280180,32269355,Posted: 8 June,all,Goat SuperiorServers.co,it's a really good parkour game with lots of missions and you can play with other people which is cool
76561198066635774,Recommended,280180,32288686,Posted: 9 June,all,gigi-sama,"Okay, so, I've played a bit of the Early Access version, and now I'm sitting at the very end of the Official Release version.I guess I can get off the fence, when it comes to my opinion:GOOD, but . . .Pros:--Cute, cartoonish art style lends a unique sort of distinction--Music is surprisingly catchy--Overall gameplay is solid; character upgrading is satisfying--Unlockable characters add a bit of spice--Overall story is pretty fun, even if it isn't novel or groundbreaking--Challenging enough to where it isn't boringCons:--...Challenging, again. Some missions are stark contrasts to what your character(s) might be capable of. Some missions are so unfairly spec'd as to make them like pulling teeth--particularly when it comes to obtaining new Hacking Kits, or playing late-game Gameball.--Translation! Translation! Translation! The English isn't poor in this game, by any means. But it is obvious that it was translated, and crudely. Yes, the game is French-made--but there are many dialogue boxes that STILL show up in French, and there are many unusual spacing and spelling issues that detract from immersion.--Physics. For the most part, the physics of this game are well-enough laid out. But every now and again I get an odd glitch that sends me flying in the opposite direction of where I was jumping, or I phase through the floor and fall into oblivion untill I rewind my way out of it (this is particularly troubling, as it occurs every time I select 'Try Again' on any mission). There also seems to be a wealth of objectives that are simply unreachable by the INTENDED means. The most frustrating issue here, though, is surfaces that cannot be scaled even though they are obviously intended to be.--Animations! Some of the animations for characters and actions are pretty good. Some... not so much. Others have complained about it, but the 'Tricks' in this game are very sad filler. Given the fact that this game was designed by a team of no more than 3, I will forgive this one. Even so, these animations aren't anything at all that you'd think about--until you're holding a Gameball, and can't do them anymore.--...Gameball itself. Gameball, Gameball, Gameball... I like the Gameball RACES, but the actual Gameball mode feels like a forced, clunky interruption of everything that I'm doing in Hover. It's almost antithetical to what this game does, overall.--Stat Balancing: To make this very short, JUMP can and will break most parts of this game, if you spec into it. Once you acheive 65-75% Jump, most obstacles don't mean much of anything anymore. The only problems that come with it are keeping lower to the ground for precise heights, and not having Strength for the aforementioned terrible Gameball mode.It might seem like I'm really nitpicking on my Cons for this game, and understating the Pros--but a good game really doesn't make you ""consider"" what actually makes it good. It will draw you in, and leave nothing to interrupt your enjoyment. Overall? Yeah, Hover does this for me--but with the few snags I mention here and there.It isn't so much that these details ruin the game for me, but they're things that I become accutely aware of when checking my characters, or reading the dialogue of the game. The game is good, but needs a far stronger hand when it comes to polishing.Either way, Fusty Games did a pretty good job on this one. Worth the 20$, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a fun little time-burner."
76561198044839746,Recommended,280180,32281620,Posted: 8 June,all,Desh Dollan,"If you are someone who enjoyed the Jet Set Radio games then it's a safe bet you'll enjoy this, since it takes a ton of inspiration from it. Graphically similar, controls feel similar, world feels fantastic, music is 10/10 (some of which was also made by Hideki Naganuma, who made tracks for Jet Set Radio and Future,) and overall a really rad game. Would recommend 12/10"
,Recommended,280180,32276285,Posted: 8 June,all,TROLOLOLO,damn boi this is worth every pennythe amount of people with red names tho
76561198106530445,Recommended,280180,32283379,Posted: 8 June,all,Ace ♠ファイサル♠,10/10
76561198105616598,Recommended,280180,32317940,Posted: 10 June,all,ulf,I like The old hud better
,Recommended,280180,32419240,Posted: 14 June,all,BruceOK?,"Great game. Really could have used a month of dedicated quality of life improvements before it got pushed to the store.When it works properly, it's amazing."
,Recommended,280180,32400342,Posted: 13 June,all,Squeeze,GREAT GAME I LOVE IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,280180,32136710,Posted: 2 June,all,average cuck...,GOOD
76561198062836573,Recommended,280180,32179371,Posted: 4 June,all,Slushie,This Game is wonderful. Made by a Company only have Three Employee's and A Fourth as an Add on. Man. They did an Amazing Job. The Nostolgia of hearing music from Hideki Naganuma brings back JSR and JSRF. Just Combine JSR and Skate 3 and BOOOOOM! Hover! XDPro:- ColorFul and Upbeat- Amazing and Friendly community- Awesome Dev's (THEY LISTEN TO YOUR COMPLAINTS.. Unless Your just complaining about something that is Irrrelevent.)- Dev's are listening to Suggestions! (Unlike Most game Companies)- Amazing Controll settings (Where You have M&K And Controller then Custom)- Nice to see A Solo/Local&Friends/Online- You can Play this Offline and By yourself(Dont Recommend More Fun with People)- Open-World and Multiplayer- Parkour based Indie game- Original Characters and Worlds- Original Soundtracks by Hideki Naganuma- Team and Character Customization- Leveling and Badge System- COLORS COLORS COLORS!!!- WataBax :PCons:- Preset Radio- Still Small Bugs But Dev's are Listening!Truely I love this game. Its Amazing and Made by a Small company. I would Say this is a Triple A Kind of Game. Its made like one.
,Recommended,280180,32179090,Posted: 4 June,all,TheNoobyPro,"Always read the specs. Always. It's fun, but certain parts of the map are off limits to my and other computers because of the procceser's GHz. Make sure to have at least a 2.5 GHz proccesser if you want to experience the whole game."
,Recommended,280180,32190778,Posted: 4 June,all,lemoce,"I loved it. I tried play with keyboard and mouse, but I think pad experience is better. If you liked JSRF, you gonna like Hover. Nuff said."
,Recommended,280180,32184179,Posted: 4 June,all,kambiing,"It doesn't really feel like its a full release game, but not quite alpha.I would argue its feels like a beta.Pro :-Decently optimized-Good music-Complete core content (cmiw)-i can just roam for hours like an idiotCon :-it has that learning curve-some feature implementaion feels really weird.Still worth the money if you like this kind of genre tho.PS to the dev:Revolt Of Gamers?? SERIOUSLY?? who in gaben's glory come up with that name??"
76561198387015216,Recommended,280180,32189987,Posted: 4 June,all,sjbullis04,cool
76561198394527736,Recommended,280180,32143413,Posted: 2 June,all,ArsArc_,"This game is Incredible. I don't want to say much rn but I just want it's devastating lag fixed. I can't play with good graphics, or it will make the game run 2 fps. If I run on the lowest setting, it goes to 20 at most. I wish the game had better control over the lag so I can see just how beautiful it is."
,Recommended,280180,32143991,Posted: 2 June,all,Orange,"I really like this game, dont play it for jet set radio, even though this game brings me nostalgia and makes me think of it. I love this game because it is a parkour MMO, and if you are someone who wants to play a parkour MMO in a primitive state then buy it right now and just have fun messing around in a really fun world. Otherwise wait till it gains more traction and develops then buy it. But it is definitely worth 16 dollars at the moment for me."
,Recommended,280180,32152890,Posted: 3 June,all,phoenolf,"If you love pakour games then this game is for you.the online fuction works well, I didn't notice any lag whatsoever but then again, there wasn't that many players so I hope it remains lagless with many players.the controls and motions are fluid as its you soar across platforms and wallslide with ease.I highly recommend this to people who like to climb stuff and just jump around doing tricks"
76561198316177766,Recommended,280180,32153878,Posted: 3 June,all,Dastanovich,"This is basically Jet Set Radio Future 2 (MMO Edition), and I absolutely love it!!"
,Recommended,280180,32142311,Posted: 2 June,all,Ophem,"Before I start my review, the movement isn't really that bad. It does move in the direction you go in. I don't see the problem. Anyway, with that out of the way, here:This is definitly worth calling a good free-roam game.This is set place in a neon colored city in which has floating vehicles rushing around, and looks very busy. You can also noticed that this has JetSet Radio vibes, considering the style, your character, wall-sliding, etc.The character designs are interesting, too. Some faces are masked (I don't know if it's from the hood they're wearing or just their face in general but it's pretty anonymous), but you can tell they're robots, but some of which are basically creatures. One of your main priorities is the scanning system. It fits with the style yet you'd half to get use to it for the whole game, which starts to feel a bit tedious and makes you think why it should just be a normal communication system. You can also use it to spraypaint on walls, floors, etc., and you can unlock these by scanning these barrel-thingies or just doing missions. That's another thing too-- the missions aren't half bad. You can race, maybe deliever something for someone, you know, usual mission stuff.Like I mentioned, what seperates this from JetSet Radio is the futuristic style and the neon colors. There on a lot of things, but no so bright nor common that it feels like you're watching some Nick show. And, AlienWare users, I don't know if this is from the game or what, but when your characters' color changes, the color on your PC changes too. It's so weird. If this is only me please let me know. And, finally, the music is pretty cool too if you're a fan of electro. You can even buy the soundtrack if you want.As for cons, besides the scanning stuff, the graphics might have some problems depending on how powerful your PC is. If there are frames dropping, and it's pretty difficult to play because of this, you might wanna put on the low graphics setting in options, and becareful for multiplayer if this is the case. Especially in multiplayer, which you can do co-op and stuff.To end this review off, all I gotta say is if you finished JetSet Radio and you loved the game, I reccomend playing this and giving it a try. And like I mentioned, this is a good game in my book."
,Recommended,280180,32151187,Posted: 3 June,all,Pessimissed,"If you like parkour and open world game, this is a pretty good mix.  There's collectables around the map to well collect, and there are also missions of various types.  Sometimes HOVER puts a big smile on my face, and something it just frustrates me, but not because of bad game desing, some of it is just really hard.  If this sounds appealing, it's great value for money."
,Recommended,280180,15277307,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,47Haven,"Another good example of Early Access done rightThis isn't a game that you'll find everywhere, because it fulfills a certain niche, which is parkouring game, so if you like parkour, and you like Jet Set Radio, I can almost guarantee you that you would like this game. Short premise, it’s a game where you can be a character with genetic modification, or gears that amplifies your strengths and speed, and you’re placed in a dystopian city ruled by a dedicated party-pooper. You can run, jump, grind, wall-climb, and do trick to travel from one point to another point. Basically the description clearly explains what you need to know about the game’s context. If you like what you read, you’ll like the game.As always, TL;DR on the bottomStory: 5/10Definitely not the game’s strongest point. The storyline itself isn’t bad, but it’s nothing to write home about. It follows the usual ragtag group of rebellion rebelling against a dictator ruling a dystopian city. It’s definitely not bad, but it’s nothing that would keep you up at night wondering what would happen next. It also doesn’t help the fact that the story, or the main mission, can be sidetracked by almost everything in the game.Personally, the story itself isn’t interesting enough to keep me playing through it just for the story itself, and I wouldn’t actually mind if there’s no story in the game to keep me around. I’ve been playing since the alpha version, where there’s no semblance of story anywhere, and it still keeps me entertained. By no means that I’m saying the story is bad, but it’s just average.Regarding the characters, they were designed uniquely, and their designs is definitely more on the memorable side, however their character doesn’t get much exposure, and there’s not enough side mission where you can delve deeper and learn about them as a character, because most story dialogue only shows them as ‘tropes’. It’s a huge missed chance, because their character’s design is already quite interesting to boot.Designs: 8/10It’s fun, it’s bright, and it’s neon. The world design is definitely one of the more unique worlds I’ve seen. The preview image should sum ups the world design, and if again, if you like JSR, you would like this game. The world itself is designed with the gameplay in mind. You would definitely see some stuffs that just juts out of place, but it’s convenient for you to, say get from one platform to another platform. Kudos to the developer for creating the world the way it is by the way, because unlike, say, Mirror’s Edge, the path you take from one point to another is not obvious. This might come as a cons, but the way the dev places the grinding spot, the jumping spot, etc. felt natural in this world. To put it simply, the route doesn’t just felt like it was placed just for the convenience of the player. The same cannot be said for the closed indoor levels however, because it was clear that those was designed in a way for the convenience of the players, but that just increases the fun you get when you do those race missionSounds: 9/10I don’t usually buy the soundtrack of a game for the music. I usually bought it because of the bundles it comes with, and usually to support the dev.I bought Hover’s soundtrack for the music.Two of the soundtrack was made, by none other than, Hideki Naganuma, and if you know that name, then you’re in for a treat.The other soundtracks fits the theme that Hover is going for, and the song never felt out of place from the area you’re around, or the situation you’re in. It felt nice jamming to the tune when you’re leisurely exploring the world, and when it comes time to do some high octane mission, the soundtracks deliver the extra edge to the overall feeling.Gameplay: 9/10The main selling point of the game, and I say it deserves all the money it gets.Like I stated earlier on my story section, even if there’s no story in the game, I would still play the game for hours and hours. It gives you the freedom you wants from a parkour game; no fall damage, low gravity/high jumping power, seamless transition from running to grinding rails, the high speed running to even be able to outrun car, and the world provides you with a playground that synergizes nicely with the gameplay elements. When you find out those hidden path that the devs made for a certain action, you would enjoy the trip from one point to another.If you like JSR, Mirror’s Edge, Skate series, or Tony Hawk series, you would feel right at home with Hover. Combining open world with parkour might be hard to pull off, but Hover hits just the right spot to integrate the two of it into a fun and amusing game to play.That being said, there’s still some flaw to the gameplay mechanics, namely the verticality. This game isn’t Assassin’s Creed, so the grapping onto ledges, wall-climb, wall-run, sometimes doesn’t work properly, and it can be quite frustrating when you’re running around seamlessly horizontally, only to find yourself having to stop for a moment and adjust yourself to climb up a place. It also doesn’t help that the map put a lot of emphasis on verticality, especially on Admin District. It definitely could use a lot of polishing and fine tuning to reach Assassin’s creed level of vertical traversing.Unlike the alpha, Hover uses grid system for levelling up stats for your characters. Imagine FF-X grid system, but instead of getting to move to the next grid when you level up, you unlocks more slot to put in ‘sphere’ (in FFX) or ‘processor’ (in Hover), and you increase your level by filling the slots. I’d say that it’s not the best levelling system out there, but it’s not too detrimental to the core gameplay. What’s quite detrimental to the core gameplay however is the emphasis on the quality of the processor. The higher rarity of processor you have, the higher the stat boost is, pretty basic stuff, but in certain mission, or stages of the game, it’s absolutely mandatory to have those highest rarity processor to pass. It’s quite the difficulty spike if you doesn’t have the highest rarity, and you will definitely find another people complaining about the difficulty spike as well.However, finding the highest rarity processor is not that hard, where you have to scale a mountain or something. You’re almost always guaranteed to get the highest rarity processor if you finish a mission with the highest medal possible, and there’s also E-Swap system, where you can place in up to 5 processor for a chance to get one higher rarity processor. It’s quite the, grind, to get all highest rarity processor, but it’s not something that needs hundreds of hour to get it. Again, not the best crafting system out there, but at least it’s somethingThe online aspect of the game is pretty fun as well, but it’s rather unpolished. Imagine an MMO game where you can just meet with other people and join their mission. The mission itself is ten times better when you’re playing with or against other people, and the community so far is pretty welcoming as well, as long as you’re nice, they’ll be nice. However, some mission doesn’t actually give enough incentive to play together with other people, and there’s still some connectivity issue. It’s not too distracting however.Overall: 8.5/10I’ve spent 20 hour in this game since it’s public release, and that was two days ago. Personally, this will be one of my favorite game of all time.TL;DR: The story isn’t the strong point of the game, it’s pretty standard in terms of plot, and doesn’t bring much to the table in terms of characters either. The soundtrack is absolutely terrific, with tracks made by the glorious Hideki Naganuma, and the song itself fit the situation and the theme of the game. The gameplay is one of the unique gameplay I’ve seen, and it’s really fun parkouring in the well designed world.If you like Jet Set Radio, this game is a love letter to that game"
76561198041743735,Recommended,280180,32139773,Posted: 2 June,all,Kramatus,"For a game made by three people, yeah, it's pretty good!It could be a bit better in certian aspects, such as difficulty, but for what it sets out to do, it does a good enough job to recommend.It's the best kind of sandbox; the kind where the focus is traversal and movement. It can get a bit difficult and downright unfair towards the final missions, but it's still a really enjoyable time-sink to take part in.Here's hoping we get more content in the future for this game though. More worlds to run around in and more characters to play as would be a welcome addition."
,Recommended,280180,32172853,Posted: 4 June,all,Okay.,"I have played this game since it got out of steam greenlight, I have been following this game for years and I can say that it definitely lives up to what I expected. This game has gone through so many changes that improved upon itself constantly but I can say for sure that some changes were annoying and downright stupid.Pros:-Amazing Concept with a great execution-Great soundtrack with help by Hideki Naganuma (Known for composing music for JSR)-Team and Character System-Badge System which overtook the clunky stat system-Controller Support-Online Multiplayer-Custom Missions-Open-World with various giant areas-Great ArtstyleCons:-Main missions can be pretty short if you know what you are doing and side missions can be repetitive-At parts the game can ramp up the difficulty for no reason like with teleporting E-Cops at the Orbital Station (The onlytime ive personally seen E-Cops)-When making new characters you are forced to replay missions you already have done over again, I would have no problemwith this if as soon as you get out of the tutorial instead of seeing completed missions (which are boxes without waypoints)it would be as if you made a new team and character.I dont have many problems with this game as I dont have many problems. The only thing that prompted me to write this reviewis that im kinda stuck in the Orbital Station running on 5 hours of sleeping losing my mind because I trip one of the 50 lasersin this place and an E-Cop chases me. But to make matters worse just before I get away he ♥♥♥♥ing teleports and I get caughtI dont get how Midgar Studios thought making a teleporting lose machine was worth it. Apparently they think its ok becausewhen you get out of the Isolation Tank there is a goddamn E-Cop Antenna to wipe the criminal record of your characterbut it still doesnt change the fact they made a teleporting E-Cop and I wasted atleast a minute getting past all the lasers theyput down. Its like they knew how short the main story was and said ""hmm lets make a teleporting dude"" good job, oh and alsoyou have a damn 30 second time limit to get back to where you started and jump up the room to a door before it closes. Nice job.  I remember reading how they were gonna put in E-Cops andsaid wow thats cool but I didnt imagine this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyways buy it its pretty damn good ♥♥♥♥ E-Cops and Midgar Studios if youread this patch out the ♥♥♥♥ing teleport ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t move."
,Recommended,280180,32172661,Posted: 4 June,all,Little Lezz,I know this is a weird thing to say especily for the kind of game this is.I kinda really want guns in this!
,Recommended,280180,32185190,Posted: 4 June,all,Luna T Nox,"Lots of fun for both the Casual and Hardcore Gamer with this one. Has a very Jet Set Radio feel. Story and Lore are also well devoloped. ""It's skating without skates"" that would be made description of this game."
76561198058097459,Recommended,280180,32228248,Posted: 6 June,all,Scooby Jew,"This one is a bit of a strange one. I recommend it but curb your expectiations. The main flaw is that the first 45 minutes to hour can be dull if you're like me and wanted a Super Meat Boy style challenge or some characters to be fleshed out. There is neither, until you get a little further, where the difficulty ramps up to where I personally need 3-4 attempts on some of the challenges. The story is basically non existent, as its had to be hacked to pieces and churned up in order to make for the whole ""seamless multiplayer"" thing work. The problem for me is that I kinda need context, or character or intrigue to enjoy missions in games otherwise it kind of feels arbitrary.Having said all that, once the boring missions are out the way and the world opens up, with a soundtrack and art style like this its hard not to grin like a child at the whole ""the floor is lava"" combo building parkour when it all comes together, and learning the suprising depth to what are on the surface very simple mechanics gets addictive very fast.I was expecting something a little more like prototype or asassins creed where it handles more like crazy taxi or jet set radio where its just one big ♥♥♥♥ off level and you have to find the missions yourself."
,Recommended,280180,32229458,Posted: 6 June,all,Senpai,"This game has good progression, character unlocks, loot in form of runes to increase the power of your character and multiple areas that are both unique and well constructed. While you can see most of the game in a few hours there are so many secrets and quests that keep you going back to old areas and discovering something new. Easy to learn how to play.Pros-hours of gameplay-multiple maps-offline,solo,coop,and competitive play-different characters with different stats-loot and collectablesCons-some quests are overly difficult-crashes-some quests dont have reliable waypoints if any-some pixels can slow your movement down which can cost you a racePros easily outweight the cons, easily worth 20 bucks"
76561198012297050,Recommended,280180,31671981,Posted: 10 May,all,P9iko0,"I evaluated this game before its release, but right now, I am going to evaluate its current state. So let's go with the pro and con on my side before i start the evaluation.Pros:- A graphic design perfectly go well with the theme of the game.- Street musics made by the same who did those from Jet Set Radio.- 9 characters to play with and unlock with different stats and balanced on their own strength.- Stats customizations to fill your playstyle in the game- 2 city open world district which they look like small at the horizontal but their depths are really in a vertical approach- Online/Offline mode switches without the need to close the game!- Mission editor to create your own missions and bringing people and friends to do some coop or competitive challenges!Cons:- For new players, the tutorial could feel not fully completed. I wish to see a more in-depth on that part.- 2 Open worlds are cool, but sometimes I do feel that I wish to see more of those around. But I understand that it's a small game.- Sometimes it is better to play solo than online mode to do missions. Either it's because of the mission which it will turn into a competitive mission.I will classify this game as a Gem to my eyes because it's been a long time that I haven't got that fun to play. Seriously, for a small community in there, I want to see it growing! This is an excellent game to play for fun, relaxing, going competitive, helping people out for those which they go coop!Somewhat clunky and mentionned earlier, the game can suffers with a low tutorial explanation, somehow. Sure they give the raw basics of the game, but it doesn't show some real aspects of the game, like the checklist system, a more in-depth use for the scans, using the grafitti sprays to disable the cameras, flybots and Ecops temporary. Nothing are said there!As for the world maps, you have 2 open world maps, 2 open inside maps and 2 linear maps. The difference between Open inside maps and Linear Maps are simply that the Open maps are that can go wherever you want without any problems. While the Linear maps are based that you have a one straight forward map to do to complete it. As far as I know, most people are mainly gathered in the Open World and Open Inside maps for reasons.For the characters there, like it is said before, you have a total of 9 types of characters. You do start with only one and you need to do some quests around to unlock the others. Only 2 characters in the game aren't unlockable via the first open world map at least. But in the overall, all of them are balanced on their own way with their strength and weaknesses. You can think that Veelan, a female character which her main abilities are about speed and acceleration while being on ground, is a good runner. But that doesn't mean that she is the best jumper or the best to do tricks compared to the others. So there are balance there.I could tell the game much more but I think I will stop here, like a tease. But as a conclusion, for how much it costs, you will not regret it! Hover: Revolt of the Gamers is a sight to behold which it didn't disapointed me at all. For those who were there during the Alpha phase and the new players, it is a game where people could play it for funs and taking your time to finish the story, creating challenges,etc.A gem to grab!"
,Recommended,280180,32210633,Posted: 5 June,all,Dont Even Trepp,"I really enjoy this game so far, the gameplay is fun and there is a ton to explore in the world. Although the game isnt perfect there have been times while playing where my internet will lag or etc. and a mission will cancel out which is unfortunate but only a minor inconvenience. Overall the experience is very enjoyable. People really like to compare this game jet set radio which ive only played a little bit of and this game is a way better experience for me. In the end if you're lookijng for a game to run around in and have fun exploring this will probably be the game for you."
,Recommended,280180,32209979,Posted: 5 June,all,Zedmond,"A fun game that I genuinely recommend, that also probably needs some more time to bake.The basic mechanics of the running and the jumping are pretty solid, it's lots of fun getting into the groove of flying across the map.The music is definitely solid, but I can only remember ever hearing three or four of the same songs, which bugged me enough that I turned off the music. Once I get to some new areas I'll probably put it back on.The online components are rough, and I've turned them off for the most part, opting to play solo.The game seems to have video preformance issues; I have a hard time running this at a reasonable framerate on any settings higher than low/medium. Insert ""I can run [ ] at 90FPS on my super neato high preformance RIG"" statement here.Knowing where to go or how to get there can be difficult occasionally, due to a lack of map and no clear indication of the activities available to you. I found that the scanning ability, which is your method of interacting with characters and the environment, also shows you points of interest in the area around you, which helps me find my way, but wasn't explained in any tutorial I've found.You do get a list of missions you've completed, but only half of the ones I've done I can actually go back to try again for higher scores and better rewards, and none of them are labeled for this.A minor gripe about the art direction I have is that the 3D art and the environments are spot on for the most part, but the UI and 2D character art seem out of place. I feel like the airbrush shading on most of the character art detracts from the style of illustration, it probably would have done better to do away with value and just stick to the color and line. I also feel like most of the UI could do to fade out when not actively being used.Noone is going to read this, I just feel like this game is worth screaming into the void for. I hope this game pans out and I'm really happy to have had a chance to play it."
,Recommended,280180,32212977,Posted: 5 June,all,Vladimir Putin,Is good game
76561198054597108,Recommended,280180,32211219,Posted: 5 June,all,Flex Carmichael,Needs More grind/Slide tricks but all and all a great purchase for the JSR fan or anyone who is into open world games like Crackdown or Burnout paradise where there are lots of missions to choose from.
76561198159519090,Recommended,280180,32260244,Posted: 7 June,all,DeadMeme,Came for the epic tricksGot the epic tricks.173/10 would Watabox again
,Recommended,280180,32262485,Posted: 8 June,all,SovietWalrus,nice sometimes a bit messy but its just me being new to the game
,Recommended,280180,32261125,Posted: 7 June,all,Space Knight,"i honestly dont understanf why this game isnt more popular. i find the setting and parkour mechanics to be extreamly well crafted, and the fact that its a spiritual successor to jet set radio,puts this game as one of my favorite's this year."
76561198044357784,Recommended,280180,32741585,Posted: 24 June,all,Recovery 8,"If you happened to like games like Jet Set Radio or Space Channel 5, those sort of atmospheres for a game you might enjoy this. It's fast, really fast, and open. The most fun you'll get is just trying to get to different places around you, and with the gear system lets you decide how you want to get there. Want to be faster than light? Go for it. Jump to the moon? You'll get there.  However I would say it doesn't feel quite there yet, not enough character types and the few mission types are more fun with others over playing with AI."
,Recommended,280180,32800608,Posted: 25 June,all,Chengi,going off of years of playing jet set radio i can safely say that this is one of the most enjoyable experiences i've had playing an open world jsrf mmo that has my friends repeatedly messaging me about how they can't take the subtitle seriously
,Recommended,280180,32845343,Posted: 27 June,all,Kylinux,"It's pretty fun so far. Here are my first impressions! TL;DR - Fun, Jet Set Radio-like, multiplayer goodness that works on LINUX minus a full-screen to windowed mode issue. See vid for details.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5p6zAYWd_Y"
,Recommended,280180,32898147,Posted: 27 June,all,Chip Megabyte,"Gotta admit that at first it was a bit hard to get used to the controls, but once you get the hang of it, you can be sure to have one heck of a time running, jumping, and grinding through the entire city."
,Recommended,280180,32921027,Posted: 28 June,all,I Kill You,I was looking for some parkour game and this pop out.It's great. Haven't played that much because of school.
76561197976598011,Recommended,280180,33005304,Posted: 29 June,all,Animach1ne,Awesome parkour game that will give you nice speed sensations without moving from your chair.Perfect for the lazy a** I am.
76561198340699989,Recommended,280180,32953819,Posted: 28 June,all,sethdorito,"I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of Jet Set Radio. Has the same feel but smoother controls. And even for non-Jet Set Radio fans, its a great experience to get to know all the characters and most of all, the soundtrack is awesome."
,Recommended,280180,32990456,Posted: 29 June,all,nikfan,"Hover: Revolt of Gamers is a very awesome game that I got to experience in its development. Lots of stuff changed, but I feel like it never lost its magic. The game always stayed fun and the community always stayed extremely friendly and welcoming. Speaking of which, if you are planning to buy the game and experience it to the fullest, I really recommend joining the Hover Community Discord, cause it really provides a deeper enjoyment of the game's mechanics with stuff like Competitive Game Ball and Gangs.Not going to lie, watching it grow from the Kickstarter campaign to the state it is in now was pretty magical.If you are a fan of Jet Set Radio or Mirror's Edge, this is a must play."
,Recommended,280180,32596744,Posted: 20 June,all,Funk Da Punk,"Great game!! Trust me when I say you want to buy this game. Its a really fun game with lots of missons to take place in (Btw its free rome), It has charecter customization with players to interact with in multiplayer, and it has an awesome soundtrack that brings me back to the old days of Jet Set Radio!! If your a fan of roaming around a huge futuristic city while listening to a awesome soundtrack, you should definitely buy this game!!"
76561198201337345,Recommended,280180,30272578,Posted: 1 March,all,SplatBoy13,"This game is a must have! Large world to run around in and do tricks (and you can do a lot of them!) plus a variety of characters to choose from and customise, and they have their own unique skills, so you can experiment to from the perfect team.A great indie title that I highly recommend, just make sure you have a good GPU to really enjoy ECP-17's sights."
76561198059684481,Not Recommended,280180,15256295,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Dr. Spanko,"This is BY FAR one of the most ANNOYING games ive ever played. The controls feel off, the camera freaks way more often than it should, the missions are just annoying and Greendy is the dumbest character ive ever seen in my life. It can be fun at times but good lord when its bad, its BAD."
76561198079848652,Recommended,280180,33302963,Posted: 6 July,all,Coza,"Been following this since it arrived on KIckstarter, I thought it was fantastic then - I Absolutely adore this game now. Wish it was more popular so there were more people to race and such.Controls like a beast, everything feels really fluid and fast and there's enough freedom to make mastering the controls incredibly fun. The art style and animations are unique and fully gorgeous, the music is great and really helps sell the atmosphere. Once fully upgraded, exploring the different zones becomes an even more charming experience. You're never short of anything to do in the game, outside of the main storyline there's plenty to keep you busy.I will say there's a few things to be desired of course, but nothing that damages the quality of the overall product. Such as more character customization options or more custom mission customization options. Couple issues with dropping out of missions when online, I'd like an easier and more consistent way to connect with servers that friends are in, ideally.Outside of these things however, completely stellar game and I'd reccomend it to anyone, especially for the price tag. Curious to see where the developers take the game in the future and any future projects they may be doing."
,Recommended,280180,33439387,Posted: 10 July,all,Paradise,"SUPERB GAME!I could take screenshots all day in this game, it's just so pretty!At first, the game was quite confusing, and controls felt wonky, to the point where I stopped playing for a while until a friend decided to play and I joined him.After ranking up quite a bit with him, everything started to make more sense, even the controls, and I started to have a blast!Just aimlessly running around, searching for containers/interactables, or playing Game Ball, could eat up your short and precious days!100% recommend for those patient enough to sit through the first hour of cluelessness."
,Recommended,280180,33699825,Posted: 21 July,all,45HN | Ninnbot,"Amazing Game, the game is basicly Jet Set Radio but if Jet Set Radio had put the speed multiplier by 100, it's truly a good game and i recomend fully but i want to list some things ;)Pros -Very CollorfullLots Of LocationsLots Of MissionsFull Controller SupportAllot Of CustomizationLots Of CharactersAll Around Good GameCons -Rage (Makes The Game Fun But Sometimes Not)That's It And I Highly Suggest You Buy The Game ;)"
,Recommended,280180,33720314,Posted: 22 July,all,Hashbrown,"fun game, has an amazing soundtrack."
76561198059024928,Recommended,280180,33730742,Posted: 22 July,all,E-bunny,parcouring furries and robots! 9/10
76561198329289038,Recommended,280180,33777082,Posted: 24 July,all,aace0fspades,"It's fun, but there's not much to do but complete difficult missions.Maybe to add some more things to do, put in grappling hooks of some sort...that would be amazing.Also maybe you could swing from poles or like floating grinds that you see.7.5/10It's worth it though."
76561198090148123,Recommended,280180,33773439,Posted: 24 July,all,Kiriam,"Alright, so, though I have barely scratched the surface of this game (literally I just ran around exploring during the time that I've played this far) I felt like writing a review of this game. To start, a friend recommend it to me based on my love of the classic Xbox game, Jet Set Radio. Let me say that this was nothing what I expected, it smashed my expectations to pieces. It has very basic character customization, semi easy controls, and a story that really doesn't make much sense at first. Usually, lack of these things turn me away from games but, I persevered and I'm glad I did. This game is simply amazing, I love open worlds that allow you to explore and do whatever, and after the initial tutorial, that's exactly what this game does, it hands you the reins and says ""go crazy"". Sure, at first it may feel like you don't have anything to do, you can look around for missions, or, do what I did and just run, jump, climb and explore the city. The races are fun, especially with friends, and help you learn more ways to get around Hover City. The controls are simple to learn but, pretty hard to master, but once you master them, the things you can do will make your jaw drop. You'll feel like you can fly all over the place, especially with all of the upgrades you find. Long story short, if your a fan of open world exploration, futuristic environments, and crazy parkour abilities, then I can not recommend this game more to you. Give it a try, and I promise you wont be disappointed!"
76561198081291853,Recommended,280180,33845434,Posted: 27 July,all,Life,"Fun parkour mechanics. Nice graphics. Cool level design. Wonky coop (you have to be first in order to progress even if your friend is with you) Soundtrack is funky. Gameball is annoying. Don't care for the chip system. The races are fun. They really force the gameball mode in this game, and if you're one of those people (like me) who isn't a big fan of it, you'll have to toughen through a good amount of gameball to progress unfortunately, but I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,280180,33854813,Posted: 28 July,all,gamepro4101,I have to say ... It's one of the coolest neonic futuristic open world parkour games I have played ! It's awesome ... There are nice players and it is just great fun to jump around do tricks or beat friends/players in races or gameball matches ... It's 1 of a kind! And it's definitely a game everyone would like to play ... Parkour is always fun!^_^
,Recommended,280180,34637353,Posted: 31 August,all,OwO What's This?,Easily one of my favourite games in recent memory.
,Recommended,280180,34740353,Posted: 4 September,all,Knock Knock It's Knuckles,"Fantastic game, enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,280180,35093912,Posted: 20 September,all,Mashari💯,What a great game hope theres more updates coming!
76561198069478407,Recommended,280180,34986081,Posted: 15 September,all,友仔不打工,"A classic punk game with beautiful  music and fantastic neon lights around. Have to say it is a joy to run up and down in the game. Love the design of the garbage city and the depicting of the contrast between the rich and poor. A little bit future, sometimes anti-utopian ,but always exciting."
