user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,280320,13321498,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,wormroom,"Adventurer Manager is a neat concept, but poor execution killed most of my joy. When you name a game ""Adventurer Manager,"" my first thought is that my job would be to outfit the adventurers and let them go on their way.I didn't do my due diligence before buying this game exactly for that reason.Instead, most of your time in Adventurer Manager is spent locked in slow turn-based battles or an equipment management system that takes just a little too much effort.I'd rather be handling diplomacy, town economics, or really anything other than having to do yet another dungeon crawl.No one likes a micromanager, but Adventurer Manager forces you to be one.Update following the developer's response:Hi there,I appreciate your response. First, I'd like to say that this review is a gut reaction. It's not a mechanical critique of the game.I admitted that I didn't research the game to drive home the fact that my experience is based entirely around impulse buying your game. I'd read an article on either Rock Paper Shotgun or PC Gamer about Adventurer Manager, saw that it was on Steam, and picked it up without a second thought.Many reviews come from members of a game's community that either love or hate it. I'm a guy who bought it, played it for a couple of hours, and didn't end up liking it very much.I'm definitely not accusing you of false advertising. You explain exactly what the game is and what to expect on the store page.  Most of my issues with the game stem from core mechanical problems that can't be expressed through screenshots or gameplay trailers. I'd have had to watch someone play the game to see the stuff that left a sour taste in my mouth.Having bought the game, though, I've also bought my right to share my opinion about it. Steam only lets me give a game a thumbs up or a thumbs down, but in many cases I'd probably pick a middling option.I decide by imagining if a friend — someone I know who likes this type of game — asked me what I thought. If I could imagine myself saying ""You might like it"" at some point, then it's a thumbs up. If I can't imagine myself suggesting it to anyone who I know, then I rate it negatively.Here are some after-the-fact critiques:I didn't feel like I was progressing very quickly. Most of why I play these lightweight, casual-ish games is to get the distilled seratonin that can only come with upgrading my dudes.Tying class unlocks to reputation didn't feel fun. I'd rather just tell my rogue that he's going to be an assassin now.I did some thinking during my commute this morning about what I actually meant by ""slow"" turn-based combat.The auto-adventuring feature is a neat idea, but it's functionally identical to the vast majority of the dungeon crawling gameplay. I think my issue is that I'm only exerting agency over 4 of my 48 adventurers at any given moment.Let's say that the game took a cue for FFVII's ""active"" turn-based battle system. The adventurers would handle the fights on their own, but the player's job would be to check in on them and reveal enemy weaknesses, give stat-boosting pep talks, and pull them out if the going gets too tough. The time-based turns combat would then give the player breathing room to swap between adventuring parties on the fly.These automated parties could adventure simultaneously, and the total number of adventurers you could have in the world at one time would naturally be limited by your ability to multitask between however many parties were adventuring at any given moment."
76561198069341647,Not Recommended,280320,16924233,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,白蘭,"I gave this a try even after reading the reviews. Personal perspective is everything right? Oh how wrong I was, the longer it is, the more it gets to you.+ The UI is so counter intuitive (buying/selling--where the buy button is all the way at the bottom and you have to click on the item, then go to click buy, for each.item.you.want.to.buy.+ University training--unless you actually memorized ALL the equips and recognize the sprite equip at heart then you'll have to manually go to the adventurer's page each time, but hey, there's only 48 adventurers and even if they die, you can just make new  ones and remember it right? easy peasy.+ Salvaging--for yellow tier items and up, time to repeat the process just like buying items.+ Time-- Gotta keep a tab on all of those shop keepers' restock time. Wouldn't want to miss out all those RNG items+ THE BEST PART. Did you know that this game has a Fast Forwarding feature? Oh it's great, OR WOULD BE, if you didn't get penalize for USING IT. Boy oh boy, best.thing.ever.The only way for you to move forward the game is to manually get your butt into those dungeons and do it yourself. otherwise some very ""overpowering"" force will just come and wipe out those poor towns. I mean, it's not like the devs put that feature in to dictate how the game should be play anyway. Even if it absolutely and utterly feels like it. You know.They have auto adventuring option, so if you want to grind and put all your groups into training, well then guess what? the only option is to use the fast forwarding option to move on.+ This is not an adventure manager game but more like RPG adventure ""manager""---emhasis on the fact that even though you're a ruler, still gotta go along with those adventurers you hired and tell them what to do EACH TIME.Got this game for a pretty low price so I can't complain, but surely I could've use it to fund for another game.End of note, I really can't and would not recommend this game  for anyone."
,Recommended,280320,14274827,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Khana,"Honestly, I keep on forgetting there's an actual plot. I'm just having lots of fun managing the kingdom, going on adventures, getting loot.Seriously, though, the loot in this game is not joking around. There's SO MUCH LOOT.Fortunately, it's easy to manage all of that loot.A lot of the game design is perfectly fine, in small numbers... but you can have up to 48 adventurers. 48! That's... like 12 parties of 4. I've only got... 20, I think? It's getting kind of ridiculous to manage it. This game could really, really use some better large-group management design.Examples include, for instance, the university. You select an adventurer, and pick what he's going to learn. Easy, right? Yeah, it's fine if you've got like 4-8 people. At 20, I'm like... okay, someone finished the thing they were learning... who was it? Who's ready to learn something new? Wait, I have to go through this ENTIRE list, one at a time, to find the one guy who's ready to learn something?I'm really at the point where I don't want to hire any more adventurers, because the management is getting crappy. I've got one favourite party, and the rest can go off with relatively random, fairly mismatched gear. Whatever. What would be nice? A big box, to put ""Random Gear of Doom"" into, and the adventurers can equip themselves however they damned well please, if you check an auto-equip box or something. Nice and easy! Dump in nice gear, forget about it, profit.Anyway, aside from problems with scale, the game is just plain fun, and I'm really loving it. Hope you love it, too!"
76561198044093804,Recommended,280320,11124997,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,RoinDanton,"I have to admit that this game is waaaay more fun that I imagined and I got addicted to it.The good things:I really like the idea of being a king that rules over a little army of heroes that have to loot dungeons for me while I sit on my comfortable throne and plan my revenge on the evil guy, wich works actually pretty good, as far as I have played it now. (3 groups of heroes around lvl 12-14).The dungeon crawling itself is done well enough. Most enemies have a weakness against certain attacks or elements and sometimes have special effects or buffs like vampirism or things like that. The loot from chests and monsters is motivating for more and the fact that every class has  it's own skill tree offer different strategies to make the dungeon runs more interesting.Auto save- a lot of early access games and betas that I have played until now suffered of bugs that made the games crash a lot...and they did not automatically save the progress, so I was often thrown back many hours, which is god damn frustrating. Not with this game, It may crash from time to time and it has its bugs...but I never lost much because of that.I also really like the humor of the game.The not so good/bad things:The game in its current state is not really pretty, but the Ui does it job and the gameplay can make up for it.The crafting system does not seem really that interesting, same with the vendors because I almost always find equipment inthe dungeons that are way better than the things that I can buy or craft.Bugs:At the moment the game still suffers from a lot of bugs, which is probably to be expected from an early access game.For example, I once entered a dungeon and the navigation buttons on the Ui just disappeared, so I could not move through the dungeon, nor could I escape it - a restart fixed it and it only happend once and almost no progress was lost thanks to the autosave option.Another bug that appears more frequently is that sometimes when a hero has had a level up, the game is not showing the stat points that I had already invested or the bonuses from the current equipment, which made it appear as if the character was completely broken and useless - which is luckely not the case, a computer restart always helped and sometimes it's just enough to enter a dungeon and teleport back to the city.------------------Aside from those points, I really like and appreciate the information that the developers are giving potential customers on the steam page before buying the game.They make it absolutely clear, that the game itself is still very far from being complete and they also make clear which features are already working and what they still want to add. Also, the game seems to be updated frequently. That is sadly not as common as one might think it should be with Early Access games, so well done devs.TL;DRTo be perfectly honest, when I bought this game I was not really expecting much of it, it was more like a ""it's only 5 euro, it won't hurt me that much""- decision.But, until now I have not regretted it. The game delivered everything the devs promised and I really want to dive into more dungeons, grab loot and level up my characters and I really want to see the game getting big, because it has a lot of potential and can already be quite entertaining.5.5-6 out of 10 for the game for now, because it still needs work to make the dungeons less repetitive and for the grafics.EDIT:I forgot to mention some bugs that I have found.For once, sometimes when I revived a hero from the graveyard, the message that pops up won't dissapear. If I hit escape the menu will pop up behind that message and I have to restart the game (the hero will still be alive after doing that)You can actually put four heroes into a group and can save that group in one of 4 slots, so you don't have to make a new group before entering a dungeon over and over again. BUT the game allways overwrites all my save slots with the last group that I have saved, which is annoying because of if you have almost 30 heroes things get really confusing.Which brings me to my last point, the Ui in the Adventurer menu really needs something to filter the hero list for level, classes or maybe equipment. My suggestion would, to let the player put their heroes in groups on the main/map screen. I think that would help a lot."
,Not Recommended,280320,14344530,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fannish,"Leaving this as a negative review for the moment, I may change it depending on future UI and game updates.Major cons, personally-- Tonnes of grinding- as stated, they intend for us to grind a party most of the time we play.(this is not a manager game, this is a repetative dungeon crawler game at that point)- The dungeons are bland even the first time they are played through (let alone the 10th), and while the story is quirky and kinda fun like Knights of Pen and Paper, there is not nearly as much of it, and it feels lackluster in parts.- The tutorial is incomplete, never once mentioning the huge importance of reforging weapons.(This seems to be a core mechanic, and for it to be left as an ""advantage"" for the players that go read the forum and know that it is a core mechanic... seems a little, eh, not good?)(Will have to replay but I also don't believe it warns the player to use the fast forward VERY sparingly.)- The invasions are very very very steep learning curves with a craptonne of luck involved in surviving without RNG blessings.  Invasions also need to be sought out and clicked on the map, without it ever really telling the player about them (tutorial issue or much clearer identification, possibly a different color or pulsing aura?)Overall, the generally clunky interface is not made up for with in game humor or the spark that makes indie games appealing, and the lack of really engaging, well, anything about the grinding, makes it a frustrating mess to me personally.I can put up with a little grind for a fun story, and the reward of another new one liner or groanworthy pun every few minor tedius tasks (what made me spend so much time and money on Knights of Pen and Paper) can make up for a myriad of sins.Even discounting the mix up between what I thought the game was, and some shaky wording from what I remember (something about avoiding grinding.) the lack of sufficient little QUESTS makes this game a meh at absolute best for me.  Give us new bits of text, or, even better, new dungeon options or variety, and it would make grinding less of a chore or job. (Something I do NOT do for fun. As it stand I put this on the same tier as scrubbing a floor or cleaning the fridge in a dorm.)The autoplay mechanic will definately salvage that, because I do not need to be bored to tears grinding the same exact layouts of 4 or 5 dungeons near endlessly to advance to the next dungeon... and do the same thing again there.But as it stands? This makes it a negative review still, and a strong ""Buyer really needs to be aware before buying"" situation.---------------------------------------------------------------Saving original review so people can see it.------I was incredibly frustrated, and, well,---------------It felt like a bait and switch at the time.---------------------------------------------------------------------------Original:It was pretty fun in alpha.Now? Now it is horrible.This is not what I wanted, this is the OPPOSITE from what I wanted.Clunky mechanics, bugs everywhere, it forces you to micromanage every friggen aspect while doing all the tedious annoying grinding the game was supposed to avoid.Best of all 9 times out of 10 at level 7+ you have absolutely no way to win if you accidentally trigger an invasion.  Congrats, 45 hours in game for a town to be available to turn in this quest, because, whoops, all your adventurers died due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics.Oh, and don't bother trying to ""retire"" your adventurers or any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that- no reasonable bonuses till way late in the game, and if you made it that far, you don't NEED them anymore, because you obviously cheated, or are a god of patience.Lame as hell.Avoid this game at all costs unless you absolutely adore mindless grinding without any real chances of progressing regularly, and a sense of overwhelming frustration excites you."
76561198040642365,Recommended,280320,15611199,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Snootch,"I really like Adventurer Manager.  I am of the generation who saw the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) come out when I was a kid in the mid-1980s and fell in love with video games since.  Without fully realizing it, I was waiting for Final Fantasy to come out in 1991.  Once that game came to America, it pushed every button in my video game life (pun intended).  I knew then that I was a turn-based role-playing game (RPG) fan, and all I ever wanted since then was basically just Final Fantasy with more depth.Adventurer Manager reminds me of those days when I first discovered Final Fantasy: the graphics, music, and play style.  Adventurer Manager also fulfills my desire to have ""Final Fantasy Plus"" - extensions of the game concepts that use modern programming languages to enable greater customization, etc.  I really think that the developer of Adventurer Manager did a great job with a concise presentation of classic turn-based RPG elements and a fluid game concept.  While Adventurer Manager comes off as an homage to the late 80s and early 90s RPGs, it still goes one step further in areas like item crafting (not hard to do and somewhat rewarding), user decisions when leveling characters (stat allocation and special ability augmentation), and making questing be fair (two difficulty levels, Energy restoration after each fight, resurrecting dead characters after the quest, etc.).I also read here on Steam that the developer is going to update the graphics and a few other features (including the ""Auto Adventuring,"" which is similar to Final Fantasy Tactics, if you've ever played that game).  I am hoping that not too much of the current Adventurer Manager system will be altered, though.  However, as odd as it may sound, I do seem to have some faith in this developer's decisions, as I read elsewhere how they tweeked some initial elements of the game to result in what we have now.  Also, the developer has made a game with great attention to detail - you can tell it's been play-tested and optimized.  (For example, filtering item lists for individual characters, saving party formations for easy deployment, etc.)To close, Adventurer Manager is a game that I will be spending very many hours on.  Yes, it is easy to pick up and play and learn how to optimize, and soon you will get the hang of how things are handled.  You may even get into a groove that some non-appreciative folks might call ""tedious"" or ""monotonous.""  But for fans of the genre like me, it's more like ""doing work"" so that you can build the ""perfect cleric"" or whatnot.  It's like investing the time and effort to have things go a certain way so that you can bask at your end accomplishment.  In other words, playing a game like Adventurer Manager has had me pondering the future possibilities, which I love to do.  So I guess this is a speculator's game.  :P  Nevertheless, for me, the ability to auto-adventure and the ability to create new characters and level them through re-playable quests/levels is the kind of ""work"" that I enjoy performing.I've put in about 30 hours of game time in about 7 days of owning Adventurer Manager, and I have found myself succumbing to the same issues I did as a kid.  Things like arriving late for dinner, rushing to meet an appointment, etc.  So I have appreciated both the nostalgia that Adventurer Manager has invoked within me as well as the genre itself, which I love dearly.  So I'd actually like to thank the developer for keeping something like this project alive, and I hope more will support him.  Adventurer Manager is the game I would make if I had completed my degree in computer science instead of changing it.  And I paid $5 for this game on sale.  I highly recommend that you do the same, and keep your eye out for other games from this developer.  This is the kind of stuff that guys like me want more of.  :)"
,Recommended,280320,13261312,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cablenexus,"Game promise Adventure Manager. Game delivers Adventure Manager.Genre is unique and difficult to compare with other games. Pixel style is something you like or dislike.This one is pixel heavy and I like because it's done clean, original and diverse.For me it comes most close to the first and fine combination of RPG and rogue-like genre in one game.Amount of loot is diverse and stats customization is deep.Don't have too many hours in the game yet, but want to give my support already by rating the game positive.For me personal I don't like playing on the same world map all the time.Lot of things in the game are random, but the world map is the same every game.Hopefully see the next game or DLC with an option to start on a random world map.Where you have to conquer some cities before you can rent heroes from them or have more different caves, castles and other quest objects on different positions every time.Very nice to see that the devs are very active on the forum and for almost every detail the players ask for improvement have intention to deliver. Tons of AAA games wich cost over 30 euro what are abandoned days after release.Not this one.While it may look casual it's not. I can imagine some people think of this game like the next tablet/mobile game on PC because of the graphic style used. It's not. It's a deep and diverse game with tons of customization and requieres some knowledge of classes and stats of other rpg's to take out the max from your characters.But that's what it makes a management simulator. You need to take some time to learn, to read, to try and experiment the same way as your characters do."
76561198080123570,Recommended,280320,19579780,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,willsama974,"Retro Turn-based, four members squads doing dungeon crawls...Seems pretty blend BUT:-You can send your squads in Auto-questing or send them manually.-13 Classes and 7 Races give you plenty to work with.-Upgrade your Castle to gain advantages (choices Do matter).-Send your guys and girls to University to increase their stats.-Use the weaponsmith near your Castle to craft gear which can be enhanced by rare stones...If you like turn-based fighting: Get it!If you like light story and plenty of characters in your rooster (48 Max): Pick it up!Oh and the DLC Endless Tower rocks, adding new challenges through infinite randomly generated dungeon :)"
76561198043773339,Recommended,280320,12402316,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,24601,"My halfling whirlwind barbarian named Chet, who only wanted to retire to be a duck watcher, died permanently in Ironman mode to a Crazed squatter. 10/10This is a great little game that can be played in small chunks that quickly ramp up if you have a taste for roguelikes, old school jrpg dungeon fighting, and outrageous humor.  This isn't a game that takes itself seriously, and yet endears itself in many ways.  Every adventurer has his/her own bio that is completely randomized (and I do mean randomized.  You may laugh at some of the combinations that crop up).  The automatic questing system is a bit slow, but it's meant to be used alongside the manual dungeons where you can control toons actually fighting your foes, picking and choosing from dozens of abilities to win each fight.There is much to do here besides dungeon fighting.  You can meltdown gear you find, crafting the leftovers along with gems to tailor the optimum suit for your adventurers.  You can build your castle up with a handful of improvements, send adventurers to University to earn dozens of powerups, and when they are ready to collapse, let them rest up for more forced dungeoneering.If paper-dolling is your thing, you may enjoy this game for that reason.  In addition to a ruler/adventurer barbershop, there's a great variety of different items to dress up your adventurers, along with several races that become available who have their own distinctive appearance.  The different graphics that each tier of equipment brings to the equation really sells the idea of progression, and you might feel proud of your little pixel people as they go from rags to weapons and armor of mass destruction.  Of course, the graphical style is pixelized, but the art style is consistent as far as I can tell, and will hearken back to the golden age of console rpgs, and yet this is more than a good, old-fashioned rpg.  The management aspect of the game is very present, with the ability to send your characters on random adventures which will see them slogging through some menial task on autopilot, while you either fast forward, fight off invasions, or go manually dungeon delving.Since release, I've yet to delve into the game as much as I'd like to, but there is much depth promised as the level cap is set to fifty, and if you play on ironman mode like me, it might be a while before you actually complete all of the content.  As of release, or shortly before, they added the feature of character aging, which sells the progression aspect of it even more.  It's an interesting idea to have your mortal adventurers retire, although I've yet to play enough to reach the stage where I'm incilned to retire them.  Just the idea that your beloved pixel people might die really bursts with intrinsic story, even while it tries to be as silly as possible, it can't help but create its own story as heroes rise, age as the seasons pass, and eventually fall.You can visit your adventurers who've fallen in battle in the graveyard, resurrecting them if playing normal mode. I'm unfamiliar with this feature as of post release, but I'm hearing that there's some sort of debuff that's applied when you resurrect them.  Otherwise, you can strip them of their gear if you wish to dishonor them, or leave the gear, and engrave a tear-soaked epitaph that's sure to induce a fit of sorrow.Overall, if you like pixelized, old-fashioned rpgs or manager simulators, or just wacked out humor and are in need of a few hyucks, you'll probably find something to like about this game.  There's a story filled with humor and over-the-top silliness, but more than that, there's some juicy gameplay."
,Recommended,280320,9915106,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,firestarter_Cx,"An interesting game...Rather than focusing on a single party of adventurers, you are instead a king who manages several parties at once. Managing adventures is actually pretty fun, it really feels like you are running your own buisness. Unfortunately, the combat is pretty dull, so after a few dungeon crawls it starts to feel very repetitive. However, I do understand that it is an early access game, so hopefully we get an overhauled combat system before a final release. Overall, not a bad game. If you enjoy turn based combat and managing buisnesses, then I would recommend the game. Even if you don't plan on playing anytime soon, I'm sure the game will be very different after a few updates.6/10 as of 4/23/14"
76561198011773851,Not Recommended,280320,14304201,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Doggieman,"Should be called ""Adventurer Micromanager""Seriously, guys, I was hoping for more of a ""Majesty"" level of management but you've got me checking each new loot item against my thousand equipped items to see if it's an upgrade for anyone.  i'm not sure what the answer is but the filters seem to make it worse (rank 1 items are often more useful to me than rank 3 items). maybe some kind of an algorithm to consider what attributes each class wants and have it distributed giving priority to higher level heros? could be a cool ""quartermaster"" upgradealso... the dungeon crawl gets tedious pretty quickly.  how about giving my little heros some autonomy? i'd love to give them directives like ""attack weakest"" or ""heal your buddies then attack"" and just watch it unfold, intervening as necessary.  also some way to speed up the walking sequences would make me smile, and clicking the map to run to a previously-explored room would give me great joyoverall thanks for all your work into this game it has a lot of great aspects and made me laugh more than once. i hate to not recommend it but i just can't"
,Recommended,280320,13211210,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Z0ddeL,"This game really deserves more attention. I didn't play that far. Actually I only reached ~ lvl 15 or so but I already spent 20h ingame and that's way more time than in most other games I own (and I own many). I am sure that I will sink more in it later when it releasedThe graphics are simple but noneless nice to look at. A feature that I think should be in every game is here: The characters appearence change depending on which equipment you wear.The battle system seems deep for a indie game. There are a lot classes and races to choose from and combine. The bosses are unique and challenging (depening on the gear you have I suppose)There is also a auto adventure mode, where you can train up to 4 parties at the same time and earn money/items.The crafting feature wasn't fully functional when I played it in EA, going to check it out later. The management system (where you can extend your castle with various different stuff) is a nice addition.If I had to rate this game I would give it a 8/10.P.S. hope you don't mind my poor english. I am not native."
76561198064115610,Recommended,280320,11163815,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,munkeymomo,"Simple but addictive game.I bought this during the summer sale, thinking it looked like a decent game to pick up every now and then for an hour or so. It's incredibly addictive if you enjoy manager games. The turn based manual combat is OK, with new features being implemented often it is getting better as time goes on, the combat is surprisingly in depth.The classic RPG character classes, combined with different races give plenty of room for character customisation, whilst randomly generated loot will make a fun challenge for collecting and creating your ultimate party!"
,Not Recommended,280320,16627908,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"At first blush, Adventure Manager is charming and has an interesting premise.  While it may keep your interest for a few hours, it never quite delivers and may even leave a sour taste in your mouth for the time it's taken from you.One of the core problems in the game is the sheer amount of equipment grinding you have to do to keep your teams' gear up to par for the dungeons you're exploring.  It artifiially extends the amount of time progression takes, and creates a constant gap between your adventurer's character levels and gear scores.There are other nit-picky things I could get into as well, but ultimately I'll keep it short and just advise against it."
,Recommended,280320,13234099,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,oatmeal,"(FULL RELEASE REVIEW)Fun game that's easy to get into. Don't look at my playtime, as I've played many more hours offline.I greenlit this game a while back, and kept track of its progress.This game has lacked update for quite some time, but the devs at least claim to continue working on the project.The combat can be tedious at times, as there aren't THAT many things that make each character different, besides the 12 classes, but it is still unique in it's auto adventures, and has a nice Diablo-esq loot system that keeps you playing. The game's ""story"" actually will take a while to complete, which makes this game even better. There is also a good randomization system with many bosses and monsters.8/10: Fun, unique, cheap indie game, but will get repetitive after time. Worth the $10.Edit 1: Thanks, Strikes, I look forward to seeing what you guys come up with!(Devs say that new content will ""remove any potential crazy-repetitive-frusterations."")Edit 2: It is one year after the release. The game has been knocked down to $5, and is still worth the purchase, although there are flaws that come apparent in this game. Don't expect a lot of playtime for this game, but if you like this style of game, it is still well worth the $5."
,Recommended,280320,17950900,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sululu,"I have been loving this game for what I played so far. I reccomend this game to only people who have a lot of time on their hands, for this game will sap up a lot of free time.~Pros~+Retro Art Style+Nicely Done RPG+Unique Attributes+Long Playing Time (a + for some, a - for others)~Cons~-Repetative Soundtrack-Annoying Dialouge Sounds (turn off sounds in the options)-No colorblind options-Casual Gamers not welcome-takes time to learn-Even for a retro game, the pixels may strain your eyes (personally they are too big, but you get used to it)-Long Playing Time (a + for some, a - for others)~Verdict~~Buy it and try it, although it takes time to learn and saps up a ton of time to play. However, if you have that time and like RPGs, then I think you will find this game quite enjoyable.~~Indie Game Reviewer Soggy Banana~"
,Not Recommended,280320,20563941,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Otterpawps,"If you're looking for a game where you manage adventurer's, send them off to do quests, manage multiple teams of heroes.  Manage a kingdom.  Then look elsewhere.  This is just an RPG that tries to sell itself as a simulator/manager game.  It feels like Knights of Pen and Paper without any of the charm, flexibility, and that fun factor.  It's quite boring and it attempts progression by making you play as a single boring class and you must unlock other adventurers by grinding through boring dungeons [which are basically random battle simulator] to unlock more boring garbage.It's just an rpg and it struggles to even do that.Avoid this game unless you wanted a game like Tap Hero with bad art that pretends to be 'pixel' art, but it's really just like they hired Notch's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin to do programmer-art.  My god is this game boring."
,Recommended,280320,12454786,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,christikf,"Adventurer Manager is an entertaining and promising mix of retro-style RPG and city manager. Yes, some elements feel redundant and grind-y after a while, but the game, even as it stands, contains plenty of other features to play with if boredom kicks in. The gear-forging system is fun, and the mad lib-style generation of auto-quests and character bios is a cute touch. I also enjoy the way skill points are distributed. Rather than gaining a tree of progressively awesome skills, you're allowed a certain number of skills to drop points into as you please. The number of skills allowed (as well as proficiency in those skills) progresses with level. It isn't without flaws; the gold-earning system is a little unbalanced, and as others have mentioned, the combat gets repetitive pretty quickly. However, considering the depth of the game in its current unfinished state, I'm excited to see how it develops."
76561197978494318,Recommended,280320,13026735,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,ϟϟGrowerϟϟ,"This is a very great game, If you love the Diablo series item style then youll love this game. If you love turn based d&d style gameplay youll love it. You can manage several characters, share weapons, destroy stuff you do not need to create better items you can use or pass the weaker items to your low lvl characters, you also have the ability to have each character personally trained to better himself/herself on the battlefield or train the characters to have better gold/magic find, exp quicker etc,etc.   Anyway Great overall game do not pass on this one.This review has been brought to you by Grower the Bane of games."
76561198006984439,Not Recommended,280320,22491748,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,AngoraFish,"Inventory Manager 2016 is a fantastic concept, let down badly by the lack of automation options (such as auto-equipping the best loot, auto-levelling adventurers, etc.) which means that the game quickly becomes overwhelming due to masses of largely indistinguishable loot and an enormous adventurer roster to divide it between.There are no obvious restrictions on recruiting adventurers other than a hard cap of 48 (it got completely overwhelming for me well before the time I reached 29 adventurers and stopped). Adventurers do not appear to need to get paid after recruitment, and I could see no other obvious restriction (such as adventurer boredom) on recruiting up to the cap. In fact, constant recruiting is encouraged as new adventurer classes are unlocked regularly as you play.Each dungeon run is done by a roster of 4 adventurers and nets a minimum of 10-15 items, any of which might theoretically be a slight improvement for any one of your up to 48 adventurers. As a result, to genuinely min/max your roster you need to literally flick through each of your up to 48 adventurers every time you hit your inventory cap (which is constantly) or risk tossing potentially useful gear.Furthermore, although there is a common/uncommon/rare etc loot system, and you can vendor all commons, uncommons etc. this is a blunt instrument because rarity seems largely related to the total number of stat boosts an item gives.In practice, because of the usual adventurer stat system, you’re really only focusing on one or two stats per adventurer class anyhow (eg strength and constitution for warriors) and therefore most of the extra stats are largely useless. This means that even common gear can occasionally be better for your particular adventurer than rare.In any case, as you’re constantly adding new adventurers to your roster, and these guys arrive with almost nothing, you really need to maintain a fairly large standing pool of basic gear to equip the new guys with.All the above aside, the game could be a nice, casual game with some interesting progression, and I like the simple way that dungeon crawling is implemented. Unfortunately, the sheer volume of potential actions available at any one time, and the lack of any noteable quality of life automation, puts this game firmly in the category of games that are much more trouble than they are worth."
76561198036649021,Recommended,280320,10007044,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Kinmuan,The mix of management and dungeon crawling is excellent.  I can't wait for more content to be released.
,Recommended,280320,12763930,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Cyberdemon,"Im stocked, this game is just fun. It plays a little like Final Fantasy, but you choice who your heros are, name them, arm them and send them out to fight for your kingdom. You can choose to control the battles or you can have your heros auto quest. You can try and make better armor and weapons or loot it. There are a good amount of classes to pick from.Some you have to earn. Its a fun relaxing game and for $4.99 its a steal. Its in beta so I hope there are more to come."
,Not Recommended,280320,17542966,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Unicarn,"This game was MUCH better in EA before they added adventurers getting tired and the fast forward and all of that BS. It was actually a managing game, now it's a boring turn-based RPG, which is probably one of my least favorite genres. I played 24 hours in EA, decided to wait a bit before I burned out on it. I saw that it came out, played for 2 hours and left with a bitter taste in my mouth. Is there any way to go to a previous version?"
76561197978232684,Not Recommended,280320,32051372,Posted: 29 May,all,[Asgard] Thor,"On the surface this seems like a fun kingdom manager, but it's more of a dungeon crawler. There's plenty of locations, classes, and skills; but the game is just a repetitive grind. It's not even particularly hard since the game throws legendary and mythic items at you almost immediately. It's missing many quality of life improvements and just seems to want to annoy you at every turn. For example, you can't just click on an enemy to do a basic attack. You must first click the basic attack  The music will drive you nuts with the battle music being a slight exception. The artwork is in between passable for pixel style and lazy. Dwarves for example are just stretched horizontally, halfings and gnomes are just smaller. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, there are better RPG dungeon crawlers out there.Pros:A lot of customization.Cons:Lazy art styleOverly complicated tutorialLacks quality of life mechanicsRepetitive musicDo you get one Hour of gameplay per $6 paid?: Yes. Game is cheap, you will at least get an hour out of it.Ease of 100%: Easy, but time consuming.(100% Being all achievements, Unlocks, Upgrades, Ect.)"
76561198050246843,Not Recommended,280320,16720023,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Zabi,"It's not an adventure manager but some sort of (poorly executed) RPG... Not even an auto combat option. A long, slow grind.I was thinking I will be managing some groups of adventurers, sending them on quests, managing the guild hall, etc. Instead I go around some dungeons and click ""A"" to kill rats then click on every single item to pick up and wait till the screen scrolls slowly when I try to go to another location :)The most frustrating is that like half of these could have been easily fixed (""auto combat"" option, ""instant scroll between locations"", ""pickup all after combat"" option, allow ""Automatically Complete Adventures"" from the start, etc)."
,Not Recommended,280320,9919087,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Bangholio,"I really wanted to like this game. The premise appealed to me, it reminded me of the Kairosoft iOS game, Dungeon Village. But the gameplay just isn't fun in it's current state.The turn based battles are just far too slow. The assigned missions aren't too slow (around 30 seconds each) but you need to grind so many of them to level up your adventurers and you need to level your adventurers to progress.There are some minor things that I'm sure will be improved upon in patches such as UI improvements. During battles for example you have to select the default attack, select an enemy and then confirm the attack. I'd much rather see this as a one click thing, two clicks if you want to use a special ability instead of the default one. Perhaps streamlining the turning in of quests as well, right now it takes six mouse clicks from the map screen to turning in the quests and back to the map again. It seems like a lot of work for something that must be repeated so many times to progress. Other things that I'm sure will change in patches is the cost to revive fallen adventurers. The cost right now seems very high for such low level people, far more gold than is affordable so instead of reviving them you need to grind levels for new adventurers.It's just not fun. Yet. I'll be watching this one though."
,Not Recommended,280320,16835502,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Piddles,"Combat isn't very interesting, no penalty for grinding (aside from age).The whole ""managing"" part is just putting one person in school and throwing your non-mains in an automated dungeon crawl. No giving fight orders, no party relationships, no character personalities.I was hoping for something like My Life as a King, with more emphasis in management, but got a lazy RPG instead."
76561198046214149,Recommended,280320,12942117,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,And then I said,"This is a friggan addictive little game.  The dungeons get a little tiresome and advancing to the next teir of enemies can hold you up if you don't pay attention to what gear you give to your adventurers.  But that challnge is also what makes it addictive, trying to hire more adventurers and getting more loot makes you want to play a few more hours and make some more money."
,Recommended,280320,13251907,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Alazar Ramir,"Ok, it's fun and I would recommend it to others. Getting your heros and raising them from nothing gives some satisfaction, and its not like you are left twiddling your thumbs while you wait for your heroes to return. But there is one thing that does get to me, and its the silliness. You see, there is silliness and then there is 'Oh god' silliness. Sometimes the encounters and the quests has the latter and it can get old real quickly.But if you can overlooked that, I give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,280320,13230130,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Neppe,"I have played this game since the early stages of development, and all I got to say is that it only got worse, and worse.Pros- Lots of managing (Training, Equipment, Stats, Skills, Crafting), if you want managing overkill, this is the game you want.- Infinite amount of loot (Only a few items are fixed).- Many classes- Playing through the game will take you quite some time (There is a grindy nature to the game, so while it does take some time, expect to repeat stuff).- Atleast it does not have the option to pay instead of waiting, like many of these games would have had.Cons- A lot of microing and clicking deep through menues (Could have been made more accessable, easier to navigate).- Where to click sometimes needs some getting used to, the answer is not always super obvious.- The pacing of the dungeons are dreadfull. (Clearing higher level dungeons can take a lot of time).- Getting levels on your Kingdom still has no effect to my knowledge. (Has an effect, but not visible enough)- Some missing icons, some bugs.- Town reputation bonus is not visible enough.- Having 48 adventurers, training them all, having them all on adventures, while doing dungeons will give you a strain injury, before breakfast, twice. (Seriously, this game has you move the mouse as much as possible, think playing Minesweeper on a 4k Screen in a cinema, with very low mouse speed)- When you get your first Mythical Bow, it WILL have Strength, I guarantee it. (Make it possible to change stats on items?)."
76561197980795527,Recommended,280320,12962985,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Atolibus,"A modern hack 'n loot with a retro twist. A lot of features have been implemented so far and for an Early Access title it's definitely got some punch, but a few things still need some attention. The user interface, while reasonably complete, still feels a bit kludgy:-When dealing with sixteen or more characters at the same time some ease of use functionality like a 'Next' and 'Previous' button for sliding between them would make life much nicer instead of having to repeatedly back in and out of menus to deal with them.-On the subject of characters, two words: Party Management. The ability to group them out and sort them manually instead of the game's auto sort process which is a constant hindrance to things like University training and gearing them out. Some fashion of control over the list at the very least would go a long ways.-A way to speed the crafting process (read:salvaging, which is super speedy with greens and greys but takes aeons with yellows and purples) would be dandy. Perhaps a 'Salvage All' option with a confirmation box to make sure you don't accidentally torch something you wanted?-On the subject of confirmation boxes one would certainly be welcome with castle upgrades, I can't tell you how many times I've accidentally torched a section because the game's mouse settings don't align with my system's setting.Again, I realize we're still in Early Access but these are definitely things that need addressing.That said I've gotten a lot of entertainment out of this one and consider it well worth the five or six bucks spent, and with 1.0 in the not too distant future I've hope that what is all ready entertaining will become even more so. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,280320,13270795,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,JayToriko,If you like adventuring funny stories lots and LOTS of loot. You'll absolutely love this game. There's a lot going on and there is even a semi persistant battle between the towns. Which is kinda interesting. I like the customization too.
76561197967705385,Not Recommended,280320,13291126,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Nugar,"Pro'sLots of customization.Some of the managment aspects.Small Learning curveEasy to use InterfaceCon'sNot enough micro management.UI interface I find slow to useFinding things on my map can be discombobulating, when first opened.Not Enough Management to be considererd a Management Game"
,Recommended,280320,11225274,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,KANNADE,"Adventure manager is awesome if you love turn based battles and grinding because that's pretty much all you have to do to progress in this game. I read some of the other reviews on here complaining about the slow pace of the game but I really enjoy playing these kinds of games after a long day at work because it just lets me chill and unwind. You don't have to think too hard to play; the adventures they send you on don't even make sense so you don't even have to read the descriptions before you decide to send your adventurers into a random cave. It's just hours and hours of mindless fun haha.The only reserve I have about recommending this game is that you need to realize that every time there's a big update there's a chance you'll lose all your progress since this game is still being developed. It might feel kind of discouraging to wake up and realize that you have to start over from scratch, but it is what it is."
,Recommended,280320,15295847,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Shotagonist,"I enjoy this adventure a great deal. I think about new characters on the fly all the time and few games allow me to create and customize characters so quickly and detailed like this game does. I enjoy how detailed the game is, it is very akin to a 4x Game in that regard.Note: This game is not so much for players who want a quick dungeon fix or some short-lived fun. This game lives from dedication put into it. You can tell that much even from the beginning.What I like in particular is that this game is also a bit like a (very forgiving) roguelike. The dungeoneering reminds me a lot of Darkest Dungeon, but much more light-hearted.If you want to play an RPG to sink 100s or 1000s of hours into, or if you want a Roguelike with stronger, more visible progression and a lot of management, this game is for you."
76561198122156506,Recommended,280320,10165240,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,happinessisadd,"I love this game. It definitely reminds me of a Kairosoft game, but larger concept. It is a good buy."
76561198018403127,Recommended,280320,15499898,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,dartimos,"Beware, this is a niche game by an indie developer.  You'll love it or hate it.  I love it.  In it you manage individual heroes which are placed in parties of four and then sent out adventuring.  There are two types of adventuring, auto and manual.  You will juggle resting characters and questing character.  There is a lot of equipment managing like in the old days of MMOs before the streamlining of stats and the auto-stats on gear (expect bows with stats for wizards).  Expect long looks to see if this dagger or that sword is better.  For the $5 I paid, it'll probably give me 20-40 hours of game play.My biggest warning is that this feels like a beta.  When I bought it I thought it was a beta.  The devs have openly admitted to possibly reworking some MAJOR game mechanics (time progression).  There is currently no end game that I've heard or seen about.  Supposedly an upcoming DLC is in the making that will end-game content.  If they charge for this, expect my review to go to solid ""no.""Pros:Old school RPG elementsGreat time sinkOld school equipmentVery casual for those that need to drop game suddenlyGreat price with a better sale priceCons:Game feels unfinishedCurrently no end gamePossible DLC price creep"
,Recommended,280320,13325830,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Carlbark,"Don't let the name fool you! Altough a decent Turn-based RPG, the ""Manager"" part is not as prominent as you'd think! It is a fun, silly and cute RPG but the management part is just a sticker slapped on above the RPG-part."
,Recommended,280320,13301181,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bugsy,"Old school graphics and the feel of being a dungeon master for your adventurers, all while completing a quest to save the world from an invading lunatic, as usual.  The devs are super responsive on the forums, and in recent patches to the game.  this one is a definite must play!  Micromanage your adventurers, equip them, send them on automatic adventures, all with humorous requests.  Tons of items in loot to sort through and use on all of your styles of adventurers.  Several races, classes with special bonuses or penalties for using certain gear.  Very nicely done!"
76561198012537775,Recommended,280320,11340882,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[DW] Daijin Heartlight,"Fun for those who dont mind old style turn based games.  This allows me to use all Dream Warriors in it, so i am having a blast."
76561198020323927,Recommended,280320,10932370,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Edawg,"As you can see I have put a fair few hours into the BETA stage of this game. Basically, if you are interested in Simulations with RPG elements; then this game is worth a go. I think the game still has some room to grow and change but overall its a thumbs up from me."
76561198024019348,Recommended,280320,12277278,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,KingYnnen,"I love this game. I've put up with restarting with each new build because the new features are worth it. It's low stress and interesting enough to keep bringing me back -- I feel that even if I only have a short amount of time ready, I can do something meaningul, whether it is character / gear management, party assignments for auto-questing, or taking charge of a group and running through a dungeon myself.A surprisingly deep turn-based combat system with interesting abilities and a push-your-luck element to dungeon exploration as you try to best manage your group's health and energy. Good variety of different classes and it's fun organizing parties to auto-quest, seeing which combinations work well together, or if you can tackle a high risk dungeon run with lower level characters to try and level them up quickly. Good variety of choices both in and out of the dungeon mode keeps the management aspect from getting too repetitive.It's less a game to focus on intently and more of something to have on in the background. It's the perfect complement to a lazy weekend afternoon spent watching baseball, or having the auto-quests progress while working on another project, or toggling back and forth to the game while playing something else. But even with that, it's still worth it -- especially for the price.That said, I would have liked a bit more variety among the classes / race combos, so that once you unlock a new race (like elves) there was a greater incentive to create new PCs using those races. If you play for a long stretch at once, the gameplay and your decisions can feel like you might as well be on auto-pilot.Ultimately, I think the game delivers what it says it will. The publisher has shown a commitment to improving the game and has done a great job providing value in a pre-launch title. I cannot wait to see what the final game has in store."
,Not Recommended,280320,18024383,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,undisputedloser,"UPDATE Dec 18Considering the amount of effort the devs have put into working with the community to make this game better, I feel obligated to update this review, if only to say that the game has gotten better with the recent patches.I still don't feel comfortable recommending this game yet, but I think it's only another patch before that changes.Original review from Sep 13:It started out well. The bantering gurads on the title screen, and the tongue in cheek reference to Star Wars gave a glimpse at the humor to come. Then that annoying Jester showed up, and I understood why people hated that stupid paperclip in Microsoft Office.The game has a unique sense of humor, and solid gameplay mechanics. It gets repetitive fairly quickly, but I could see it appealing to both casual players and hardcore number crunchers alike. Unfortunately, there are too many little things wrong. It makes the game feel unfinished, like a it's a port of a mobile app instead of being built to run on the desktop. On the positive side, the devs are engaged and seem commited to continually updating the game.As much as I dislike the Jester, my biggest issue with the game is really the UI. None of the interfaces are intuitive, nor are the elements of the UI consistent. The shop gives you a ""Buy"" button, but no ""Sell"" button. Some dialogs can be dismissed by clicking on the background, others have to be closed using the ""X"" button. Audio settings aren't available while in a manual dungeon. There's no audio or visual feedback that to confirm you hired an adventurer. In fact while there's a lot of audio elements (some of which are quite annoying), there is very little in the way of audio feedback (button clicks, notification sounds, etc).Then there's ""Fast forward"". Maybe you're waiting for an auto adventure to complete, your adventurers need rest, or they're training at the university. You can use fast forward until they're done, but this increases the risk of invasion. If you don't have any free adventurers to take on a manual dungeon crawl, you'll have to fast forward. It will stop automatically if an invasion occurs, but ironically not for any of those other things that are the entire reason you use fast forward in the first place. There is a notification, but you won't see it if you're in the shop, or otherwise not on the world map screen. This isn't a criticism of the ability to fast forward as much as it is a criticism of how useless the UI is in managing it.I really wanted to like this game in spite of the annoying harlequin. Maybe with the next update...."
76561198117247340,Not Recommended,280320,14307168,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,cappinjester,"TLDR: There's a lot of stuff that is good, but the UI is really rough around the edges and makes the game tedious.So I Bought this game in early access and I really enjoyed it then. It was rough around the edges but it had a lot of potential. The dialogue is amusing and even though the combat was a little bland the quaint graphics and management system were promising enough to keep me playing for several hours and stil lwant to come back the next day. Then I took a couple month break and teh game left early access.I hate the UI now, even though there should have been improvement in the way management works it got even more tedious. Instead of only having to deal with groups now there is a single list of all the heros you own which can make it frustrating and annoying to organzie people for a dungeon crawl. Not only that every single fight eats away at the stamina of your heros making it possible to do a couple main runs before they are completely out and have to sit around and recharge. Not only that instead of being based on real time you have to play with other lamer characters who you can't even do autoquests to level up with anymore. As a result you are left doing tedious grinding of the same dungeon whiel your main group is resting. As a reseult I haven't even managed to get past the first dungeon area because it's too tedious to run through the level again and again.They have implimented a new crafting system, but i can't say how good or bad it is at the moment because it's such pain to even get there. Anyway hopefully in a few months i'll come back and it will get better again, but right now i can't reccomend.*Editoh wow I had no idea you guys had replied to my post, I'm so sorry for not responding. As I said I'll definitely keep checking you're game out and am definitely excited for the new patch. You make some very good points that thi game is supposed to be about multiple groups of heroes, and I think the endurance system is a good way to encourage people to get people to play with multiple parties. I also really liked how I didn't have to level up a bunch in the story to go visit different villages to get heroes. Instead of just spanking people on the butt for only wanting to play one hero group so to speak it might be good to offer a carrot to the horse so to speak. There could be something like story heros, who are slightly stronger then other average village heroes who you can get at the village, but they don't like to party with each other so you ahve to form new group for each of them.I also did like that you guys added the university to the game, it seemed like it would remove a lot of the tedious grinding that I felt like i was doing the last time I played.Oh yes, I did manage to find the blacksmith, I even figured out that you could break equipment to create parts for new stuff, I also saw the gems that you could find in the dungeons, but I jsut didn't see the point of actually crafting things, the loot from the bosses seemed better then anything I could make for where I was at.Anyway, thanks for letting me know about the new patch I'll definitely play again in the next couple days abd hopefulyl change my review :D good luck guys I know you're working ahrd on the game and it's awesoem to see you replying to the reviews ^_^"
76561198019166433,Recommended,280320,11002655,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Voodoogumbo,Wonderful $5 spent!  It's an enjoyable take on JRPGs with a little sim/management to boot.  Adventurer Manager is a refreshing change of pace that blends Suikoden's town improvement with a character/party managment system with equippable item levels akin to Diablo's.
,Recommended,280320,14252253,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Trickster,"Not a bad game, but I was hoping for something more like Towns, almost autonomous NPC that you sort loot for, build a base for and send on missions.  This is more of a dungeon crawler than a management game.  The management almost feels tedious actually, since you have to drudge through dungeons, sort items, then shift gear down so the parties you have automated (if you automate everything your allies get raided and you lose access to some classes temporarily) dont kill themselves while being able to progress.  The dungeons are pretty bland too, weaknesses don't make sense to me either.  They follow a lot of DnD feeling stat sorting (elves are good with bows, dark elves are best clerics, humans get boosted exp, but theyre greedy, etc), but then skeletons and other undead arent weak to holy.  Everything I've fought I havent found a weakness for yet, just resisitances.  It really feels like an early access game, but I don't think it is?Overall it's not bad and I've only run into a few bugs where the UI sticks.  If they make the actual dungeon feel more complete I would probably enjoy this game a lot more.  Currently, if you go north, you move right.  South, move right.  West?  Move right.  Kind of kills the feel that you're actually controlling them.I have played this game since the early stages of development, and all I got to say is that it only got worse, and worse.Pros- Lots of chances to micro manage things.- LOTS of loot to sort through, makes you feel rich.- Good variation of classes to build parties from- Sems to be a lot of content to go through (though you will have to repeat some things)Cons- Not a very good UI.  You have to click to access and exit everything.  Hitting esc will only cause problems trying to clear your screen.  Can be confusing when youre trying to leave a shop that doesnt have a door or when an NPC's hit box is bugged out.- Dungeons can be long and boring.  Some groups of mobs ahve taken me over 5 mins to kill because they dont seem to run out of energy, so they all heal one another over and over and over.- Your own kingdom doesnt seem to matter aside from a passive bonus here and there.- Remember the micro management and loot?  You can have up to 48 heroes.  You need to personally gear, choose stats, and skills for all of them.  Every time they level, or they can't do anything new.- Loot is unfortunately randomized with no way to salvage it.  Example, scepters are cleric only, cleric wants wisdom, focus, maybe consitution.  You can roll a Mythic sceptre with strength, intellect, and dexterity.  The salvage and crafting system has felt really lack luster too so far unfortunately."
,Recommended,280320,11327445,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"This is a very interesting game with a huge amount of potential, it is fun but thus far completely unforgiving in it's difficulty spike. The manual adventures seem to take way longer than they should to complete, and any signs of unpreparedness can easily wipe out chunks of your party that were breezing through the automated quests no problem.The UI is also a bit clunky, with the path to what to do next not always obvious.The graphics are very nice, crisp and retro without being too full of themselves, they get the job done and provide this game with it's atmosphere and flavor. Some may call it amateurish looking but it works very well.The biggest thing I want to stress about why I think this game will succeed and be an amazing experience: The Developers. I've seen many Early Access games flounder and practically waste away under the eyes of neglectful devs, this is NOT the case for Adventurer Manager. As of right now this game is getting more frequent updates than any other game I own on Steam (which is over 300 titles!) and it's obvious from each update that the devs are really listening to player feedback and making the game better. Not just with bug fixes but actual new content is rolling out on a regularly consistent basis.I would definitely recommend this game, support these devs, and be able to brag to all your friends that you had this amazing game from the start!"
,Not Recommended,280320,13337747,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Rabbi,"Constant micro-management mixed with poor user interface design make this game a chore to play.  Fun concept, bad execution."
76561198005472905,Not Recommended,280320,31211765,Posted: 17 April,all,GuessMDK,"I deeply regret spending money on this ""game"". Its shallow, unfun and just badly designed."
76561198040337661,Recommended,280320,13374274,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Redd,"Adventure Manager is easily one of the funnest and most addicting games I've played in a while.  If you're old like me (and I know I am) you will appreciate the old school look and feel of the game. It's easy to learn, but not a simple game. I really like that you can be hands on, choosing your groups, leveling them (with skill trees and attribute points).  You can guide a group through a dungeon AND you can have groups ""auto-adventure"", so other groups can gain loot and XP while you run another group. There is tons of loot, and crafting using said loot.It takes some getting used to, but once you get a few fights under your belt, and you start building multiple groups, the fun really starts! You can have up to 48 adventurers (in groups of 4). I currently have 4 groups (20 peeps) and I'm thinking about adding more.  Honestly, I've lost myself for hours in this game, but not feeling like I'm grinding toward an end-game. Just enjoying the journey.The devs are very active in the community (which is quite refreshing these days) and they listen to the player base!I cannot recommend this game enough, especially for the price. You'd pay more to see a 2 hour movie, and I've already gotten almost 40 hours of pure enjoyment from this phenomenal game.10 out of 10, and personally, my favorite game of the year!*EDIT: spelling"
,Recommended,280320,19577924,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,MastaScron,"Update:  The more I play, the more I am really enjoying this game. There are some things that need work, but the game is loads of fun and definatly worth the money.  Will be doing an in depth review once I have more playtime with it.   My original review is below.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Bought this game on sale to support the devs.The developer seems to really work with their fanbase, listen to feedback and produce new content based on that feedback, something that is rare in the industry today.I've only played enough to get a glimpse of what the game has to offer so this wont be an in depth review right now, but will update as I play.The art style and music is very reminiscent of old 8-Bit games and brings nostalgia for me.Zone's/map size is pretty decent for this type of game, and the ammount of classes, item slots, and things to do gives the game a fair amount of content, and apparently with DLC coming and the developer's active with their community, its a safe bet that this game will evolve and grow.So i bought this game on sale for less than 2$, and for me that was worth it alone to support these Dev's.  Even at full price for 5$, this game seems to be worth it if you enjoy the game.  If you like this style of game but have oppinions or objections with it, then commincate amongst the community and to the developers and maybe they'll just listen and create the game you always wanted.  That's how the game industry should operate and supporting that idea to me is worth my money.All in all the game is a good bit of fun, and perfectly worth the price as long as you can look past some bugs here and there which should be sorted out over time, as well as some features that need to be tweaked or adjusted.    Bottom line:  If your patient and you like turn based dungeon crawlers with a little bit of resource managment/party management thrown in, you'll enjoy this game.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
76561197966664228,Not Recommended,280320,16487143,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Djtooth,"I bought this game with the best of intentions. I tried to enjoy it, I really did but I just can't.Pros:-Cute pixel art-Fun drop system: Plenty of items, usually you will find something with stats higher than what you have. And better quality items are quite common. Satsfying seeing two epic items dropping from some random mob, then getting a mythic when you turn in the quest.-Funny: Often times this games random generation will throw you something nonsensicle as a quest.EX. ""Quest Named ""Bread.   I am John, the mayor of Toliets go find me 143 cookies and I will reward you by eating you with a spoon.""-Variety: Many classes, Races, Items, and special passive bonuses for trying differnt class/race combinations. Makes the game interesting to experiment.Cons-Bad Stat system: Many games suffer from this. Most of the stats are useless on any given character, and items do not show bias to granting stats to the classes that can use them. Got a Mythic Maul? Gives a +50 Int, and +45 Wis which is fantastic at your level? Too bad the classes that can use the weapon actually get zero benifet from those stats. Oh is that a Wand that gives an obscene amount of strength? Well the Wand is a ranged weapon, and strength only works for melee damage... So yeah. This is also a problem because it leads to the illusion of choice  your heroes level when there is only one responsible (usuable) choice on which stats to increase.-Bad Skill Sytem: You have the freedom in the skill selection to often follow two or more roles. This is nice because you can have your rogue be a primary damage dealer, or a support who increases a teammates dps. But after brief experimentation or simple calculations you will quickly notice that this is not only suboptimal but actually not viable. Want a damage dealing priest? Well after investing 5 skill points into the priests attack ability you will deal around 45% of the damage you would heal if you invested 1 skill point in the priests recovery ability. That is just a trap, not a choice.-Healing enemies: If you decide to run a fairly defensive team and have the misfortune to run into a mob with a healer you might spend the next ten minutes waiting to land a critical to make progress due to enemies being able to mitigate, and reverse the majority of the damage you deal. This is fine if you are fighting a boss, but on a random encounter it's just frustrating.-Bad UI: Really this is spending a good amount of time not playing the game, but more of figuring out how to navigate. Most of the time you will spend moving your cursor around looking for something interactable to light up. This is a problem when you are looking for things that are crucial for continuing through the game, like the hero recruiter or the exit of the shop.-Unreliable Difficulty indicators: So I ran a party through a dungeon that was three levels higher than them. The game said taking it on would be ""Suicide"" but it actually wasn't hard. It wasn't easy, but it wasn't really difficult. So I try another party on an autoadventure that is two levels higher than them. The game said it would be really risky, which is not as severe as ""Suicide"".... They died on the first battle. That is just too inconsistent.-Fastforwarding: This is already a turn based game, why would they add a real-time mechanic like fastforwarding instead of just clicking a button to pass a day. Fastforward for a second too long, and you run the risk of having one of your races villages getting razed, which just takes away most of the progress you worked for in that faction.-Music: It feels like there is only two songs that last only 30 seconds before looping. Gets annoying really quick.Really this game had, and still does have plenty of potential but as it is now I kinda feel cheated. Really wanted to enjoy this game, but I just couldn't... 3/10"
76561197969593119,Not Recommended,280320,17194996,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Codc,"December 2015 edit: There has been  a new patch released since when I've written this review and it has apparently fixed some of the ""problems"" discussed in this review.Turn based RPG that does not know what it wants to be. On one side, you've got the typical 4-characters RPG where you explore dungeons, fight bosses and complete quests. On the other side, you've got a micromanagement game where you have to send parties to ""auto-adventures"" to get gear and exp. Both happen more or less at the same time and the devs force you to pass the time in a real dungeon/fighting off invaders in order to advance the time. You've got a fast-forward button, but you get punished for having it.All in all, as of july 2015, I cannot recommend this game as there are plenty of things that are not decent enough for it to be worth your time such as the time mechanics (that makes the game last 2x more than it should), the gear crafting, the gearscore mechanics and of course the inventory. Had the game lasted only 10-12hours, most of its faults would be easy to forgive."
,Not Recommended,280320,28879588,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,the_rock0123,"Yet another game bought cheap in the sale and it was cheap for a reason.  I played an hour and quickly got bored with the gameplay and annoyed with the interface and graphics.  Other negative reviews sum up the problems well. I'm going to get a refund and not recommending this because:- The title emphasis is on Adventurer Manager.  Instead, the main game is micromanaging adventurers through dungeons, selecting what they wear and equip (""Inventory Manager 2016""), what skill they use when, managing health, who they attack, etc.  Just a typical RPG.  There is an auto adventure mode but it's not inspiring and penalises you if you use it too much (the ""fast forward"" button)- Inventory management is boring. You pick up endless items that are all very similar and have to choose among up to 50 recruits how to distribute this similar equipment.  Completely unmanageable, boring, pointless gameplay.- Endless stats to keep raising up, all very micro management.- The graphics are very poor, I selected the ""quality"" mode hoping for better graphics, but the graphics, especially in the towns, are not easy on the eye.- Dungeons are boring, same screen for every room and regardless of which way you move, the screen always scrolls the same way.- Towns/Map are boring - all opened up at front, all very similar.- Tiny text makes it hard to work out who has what skill.  You need to squint your eyes at the text and graphics.- Not the best tutorial.Overall - a reasonably good idea, poor execution, game lacks direction.  I'm not sure who this is aimed at, who would enjoy this as it doesn't really satisy managers, adventure fans or RPG fans fully, as better games are available in all genres.  I recommend avoiding this for that reason and picking better specialist genre games.  Perhaps this game was trying to do too much with too little, and it struggles because of that as it ends up weak in all areas.My rating is 3/10: 30% - Avoid."
76561197989825714,Recommended,280320,10007533,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,^1Bloody^0Flesh,very nice old fashion RPG so far cant wait until they unlock more content since its still under developement
76561198051862721,Recommended,280320,22287483,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Loupuggg,"*A fun and casual game!Adventure Manager is just that.  Create a group of heroes, choose their classes and send them on missions to dangerous dungeons.  Let them do the dirty work then collect the loot for yourself.  Or you can manually tackle the fights and then you have a good ol' fashion turn-based RPG.  Retro-style graphics and the combo of RPG and simulation elements make the game quite enjoyable.**When it is on sale for less than fifty cents, it's a STEAL.Like for realies.  I wouldn't pay much for the game, but fifty cents is worth it.  Been a while since fifty cents got me so much excitement.  Wishlist this and get it on sale!***Not too deep with storyline or characters, making for a somewhat mindless experience.I ain't gots to think all the time.****Great to play while eating breakfast or half-watching the baseball game."
,Not Recommended,280320,24552249,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sandypants,"I really want to love this game--and for a while, I did--but its many good points get overshadowed by one single design decision, that turns the game from Adventurer Manager to Inventory Manager.Making sure all 48 adventurers get the right gear in all 9 slots, every time you doanything, becomes tedious to the point of insanity. I'm used to preparing a team before an adventure, but an adventure that lasts one minute requiring an hour of reshuffling tips the balance way beyond fun.It's a shame because I love the graphics, I love the idea, I love the twinning of JRPG, idle and tycoon elements, I love the sound and the in-jokes. I love the gear, the diversity, etc etc etc."
,Recommended,280320,22255147,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MistahBoweh,"I seriously need to reccomend this game highly because I paid all of $0.49 for this thinking it was just a trading card freebie after looking at how negatively this title has been panned. The game is secretly amazing and the devs deserve more.The largest flaw that this game suffers from is the title, which is misleading. You put 'manager' at the end of a video game title and people are going to expect some variant of glorified fantasy football. This game is not that. This game is essentially Darkest Dungeon with a healthy dosage of Knights of Pen and Paper sprinkled on top.How the formula works is that there are seven distinct cities within the kingdom from which you can recruit adventurers, one for each predominant fantasy race. Each race is limited to their own preferred class, but as you complete tasks for that town or complete quests with their race's adventurers, your reputation within that city increases and your pick of the litter improves as well. You have your own castle as well, which you can construct upgrades onto which grant improvements to your characters across the board, and a university where you may send errant adventurers off to for training between missions, with several dozens of possible upgrade paths.So you form your team of dudes and take them on a quest and engage in a series of turn based jrpg-styled battles where careful team planning and prioritized targeting can make the difference between life and death. If they survive then you get showered with the glorious Diablo looot fountain. If they die, well, they die. They can be revived later for a steep fee, or if you're not a baby ban and play on the ironman difficulty setting, death is permanent.Even if you do survive, characters have a slowly recovering stamina bar which is exhausted with each door kicked down, and the lower it goes, the bigger a hit to their stats they take. In order to give them a chance to recooperate, you can hire a few entirely new teams of adventurers. One team goes out while another is resting while a third is studying at the university while a fourth fifth sixth and seventh are doing automated AI missions and the 8th is on standby for when the evil overlord tries to invade one of your cities, which is a thing that can happen and it will quickly undo all of your progress unless you can put a stop to it.The 'manager' in Adventurer Manager comes from trying to juggle all these groups at once. Do you spend your cash augmenting and gearing up your highest level team, risking it all if they wipe? Do you put investments into low level recruits even though they have a higher mortality rate. Characters age in the game as well, and their stats deteriorate appropriately. Do you let your teams retire early rather than dump time and funds into sinking ships, or do you keep pushing grandpa sword n' board until he either collapses in a dungeon or dies of old age (or both?).There's loads more I haven't even begun to touch upon, from the equipment crafting system to the lovingly crafted sprites to the generous effort thrown into the tongue-in-cheek quest dialogue to the excellent musical score. Do yourself a favor and pick up this woefully underrated gem."
,Recommended,280320,10091555,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,KhALiDR,this game rock if you the type who love old rpg you gonna love this oneyou are the king and you have mult partys to help you outbut here the issue this game still have alot of missing thingshope they updata alotlike more classes more monster i start to hate bats and ratsif they updata it good and monsters classes set up ....blah blahthis game gonna be epichope they read this !i recommend this game
76561198033705618,Recommended,280320,10248017,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Beta7,"Insanely fun and addicting.  Devs are constantly releasing new content, listening to feedback and adjusting the game accordingly."
76561198324415479,Recommended,280320,25866111,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,"Lf girlfriend with name ""kelpi""","0,49€ for this price, its very good RPG game :) a like it..Items, action, everything that true player need to kill time :)For me graphics are pretty good.8/10Recommended"
76561198035698061,Recommended,280320,28230242,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,JFarthing,"Great concept, great intention, but the execution leaves a bit to be desired. Could have been a gem with more work.I recommend this game because I had a lot of fun with it, but only for patient fans of both simulations and RPGs."
,Recommended,280320,19797833,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,The Watching Shadow,"So at time of this review I've got about 71 hours and finished the main story.  I could have probably finished it a good 10-20 hours ago actually but was doing some extra grinding for achievements instead of continuing the quest line.Anyways, Adventurer Manager feels more like a Darkest Dungeon lite (or casual I guess) then say a guild manager or something of the like.  You recruit various heroes to create parties with and can either send them into dungeons to control manually (the primary portion of the game) or send on auto adventures to grind levels and accumulate gold/gear (secondary).  There are a vast number of classes and races to mix and match with so you can optimize (or not) as much as you wish...provided you unlock the other classes in each race.If you liked adventuring in Darkest Dungeon than I feel like you may like the manual part of this game too.  It's nowhere near as complex as DD with the stress mechanic and moving rows and the like, but you still have to consider your parties endurance as each encounter saps some of it.  The mixture of classes, races, and genders all contribute to possible party bonuses as well so there's that part to consider if you like a lot of customization control.  Each encounter in a manual dungeon counts as a hour tick for the auto adventures (and the world in general), the game pretty much directs you in this path instead of just idly grinding adventures in the auto adventures....otherwise it auto sacks towns and screws with the allegiance levels.  Ouch.Speaking of customization....there's plenty of it.  Each level gives you 5 stat points to distribute as you wish, 1 skill point to go into a skill that you want (provided you have the levels for each tier), and the look for your king and any party member is customizable as well (cosmetic yes, but it's there).  You can reroll the stat points and skill points at any time on the world map without penalty so you can adjust how each party member is used, well, indefinitely.Doing quests for towns builds their allegiance with you, and allegiance is built as you use races corresponding to those towns in your party.  The higher the allegiance level the other classes you can hire of that race, the better shops are to you, and a few other benefits.  And yes, there is grinding throughout all of this to accomplish these level ups.  In the mean time you can build up your castle to give your parties more benefits, train your party members in the university for more buffs, and work with the crafting with the blacksmith in case the shops, drops, and gambling don't keep you going (and they may not).I haven't tried Ironman (permadeath) mode, which could have sucked as I lost all but my main cleric in one early dungeon run and had a few deaths much later on.   I'll continue to sink some more time into this from time to time as I work on the last achievements I want to get.  Perhaps I'll pick up the Endless Tower DLC if I want to do those achievements too...but that's just more grinding as it is.In any case, I really enjoyed the time spent going through it as the dialogue of the quest givers as well as the choice encounters in the dungeons (I have a few screenshots of those) livened things up through the grinding.  The added ambient sounds made it a bit more interesting in each area and while the music didn't grab me as much as other games it didn't put me off at all.And yes, the UI and merchant areas are a bit...clunky I'll give it that.  I personally didn't find it enough to put me off the game though.  Just something I learned to manuever around.So yeah, pick up the game if you'd like to spent time every so often running a group of 4 in a dungeon and going after the various bosses it sends you at (and go after them again and again as you may need to for levels and gear).  Not an idler if you're thinking it's that, but I found the game relaxing and enjoyable anyways."
76561198086525201,Recommended,280320,10039328,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,MHCREED,"I am addicted. This game is awesome so far. A good rpg/simulation game that feels really nostalgic. Also has some funny quest descriptions, dialouge, etc. Can't wait till it's finished!"
,Recommended,280320,10586201,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Velerious,"At first I wasn't sure about this game and wanted it to go on sale before I picked it up, wanting games cheap incase they barely take a few minutes of my time is usually my motto with games and may I just say, after deciding to pick it up at full price in England for £3.99, I was blown away, this game is more addictive than any I have played in ages and with the ability to see all the different randomised biographies for heroes you hire, randomised loot that drops and many aspects I enjoyed in thousands of other games.Firstly if you want to know if this game is addictive then you need to realise this game has certain aspects that make not only the early game enjoyable but also the late game, the tutorial although very helpful forgot a few things that a quick check on the forum showed me the answer which was provided by the dev who appears extremely friendly.Secondly the entire game does have some bugs here and there that are being fixed but to be honest I think I ran into a single bug and found out pretty fast that I didn't lose any progress at all, the game feels smooth and the time for missions only starts becomming a bother later on which by that time you should be making a new party! Also did I mention you can name every single hero you hire, every party you make and can craft yourselves your own weapons from the very intuitive blacksmith system.Thirdly this game is something I would recommend buying even at the full price, I believe the devs have worked hard on here and I think that the game itself really shines through as a game with a lot of character.All in all the game is enjoyable and replayable, so much so that in the future I may make a video on Youtube as a sort of review to back up what is written here but for now I just had to express how much I enjoyed buying this then spending ten hours as my party of four became legends across the World!"
,Recommended,280320,21332452,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Galaxi,"If you like grindy, endless, PRG management game.This is the game for youIf you don't like grindy games, or you like quick-paced/advancing games.This is not for you.Everything is quite good in this game, the only thing you can complain about might be the graphics and font.But hey, it's said to be pixel graphics.Still, it's good for me. Totally worth the money"
76561198027290104,Recommended,280320,11538871,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hero MacReady,"This game has a lot of content for still being early access, with new content being add continually. It's basically a combination of games. You have your overhead map of the continent where you rule as a king, taking on quests and hiring parties of adventurers. The castle is upgradeable and towns offer services such as blacksmiths and shops. Once you send your party out to do a quest, it becomes a dungeon crawler where you take control of your party members and fight monsters in turn based combat. Each party member seems to be unique with their own class and ability to level up whichever way you want. Monsters drop loot that is random generated and follow the different categories such as common, uncommon, rare, etc. Being only 4.99 I went in not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised. I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this game to anyone, especially if they enjoy old school RPGs."
76561198058181397,Recommended,280320,22771118,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,foofercjc,"This game is actually pretty cool. On one level it has the 8 bit chic dungeon crawl, where you have races, classes and gear that you can manage, optimize and use to go through dungeons. There's an overarcing plot, events, and more goodies that get unlocked as you go. However, in addition to this, you get to manage a couple of dozen adventurers that you send on quests on their own! You have  a large pool of adventurers, you assemble parties, outfit them with gear and send them off to a dungeon. After a period of time, during which you can do whatever you like, the adventurers finish their quest and come home with tons of loot for you to use, sell, or convert into materials to craft. You can have a half dozen parties out adventuring on their own while you take your ""A"" team to advance the plot.My only quibble with the game isn't even that serious: The number of races, classes and gear types is large enough that it's really kind of difficult to keep track of what the optimal configurations are. (Are Giants better Barbarians or Warriors? Should they have polearms or short ranged melee? Which race makes the best archers?) If I was motivated I'd create a spreadsheet or a wiki page or something to track all that information.All in all, the game has great depth. The graphics are not intended as their selling point, but they are certainly adequate and are (as I said earlier) 8 bit chic, so as long as you're ready for that they're fine."
,Recommended,280320,18209266,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Pixel point and click dungeon crawler game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are many resolution sizes available.There are 3 different profile slots.There is iron mode (Permadeath).You are able to play this game in fullscreen or windowed mode.There is a music volume slidebar available.There is a sound volume slidebar available.There is an ambient volume slidebar available.About the game.You will be asked to make your own ""hero"", you are able to customize this hero.Once u have started a mission, you can take 4 party members with you. You can choose if you wanna do the normal or heroic difficulty. you have to play on some dungeon map. You see a map infront of you and if u click on the button below, that is how u are able to move. You can fight, equip, loot. The fights are turned based like, People in the back are able to hit if they have magic/ranged or long weapons.The Characters also have an age, which i find interesting - the older they get the weaker the adventurer will become. Including a chance of dying.Character Customisation.The game tells u a little bit about the story. But they have done that in a ""Starwars"" way.You can level up and get abilities aswell. Quests or move to different nations.There is even a gear score, i think that increases the drop rate but not quite sure.This is all 2D and has old style graphics.The Jester's tutorial sound is annoying.You can change how the character looks. It's a minor thing but u might be into this.The text is very difficult to read in the text balloon. So i usually skip this fast.Game is interesting and relaxing.Well explained Tutorial.Music is sort of ok i think, but i had to turn it much lower.  It is not a music that u want to hear for hours though.Other things.At first i thought this is going to be a lame game. But it has to turn out well.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Not Recommended,280320,24800915,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ian,"Grab it on a Humble Bundle if you can.  I played it for a while, and it was ok, but then I got Darkets Dungeons and my random party adventure fix was had elsewhere.I can't really reccommend this for $5; it's just kind of boring.  Get it on super sale if you can and if you like these kind of games, though.  The developer's head is in the right place."
76561198027230145,Recommended,280320,28176026,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hemmx,As a whole the game is not bad. But there are some elements of it that just makes you want to jump in front of a train.
,Recommended,280320,12007952,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Atherma,"I've had a few bugs pop up, only one that impacted gameplay and a developer chimed in immediately to fix it.Overall, I've found the game pretty fun - and the developers more than worth investing in."
76561198121203990,Not Recommended,280320,33636072,Posted: 18 July,all,arschy,Lots of potentail but mediocare results.
,Not Recommended,280320,19221103,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Corrosive Water,"I really wanted to like this game because i really like the idea behind it.Most of the reviews here already outline what could be improved on to make this game better.One of the biggest factors that drag this game down for me is the interface. I feel like it could definitely use some revamping.Maybe in the future after a few updates, I can come back and try it again because this has amazing potential."
,Recommended,280320,13396827,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Garenas,"Not bad, but it feels rather unpolished for what it is. Great amounts of customization and decent graphics but combat, at least early on, is long and repetitive. progress choices are very limited, it plays more like a linear JRPG than a standard 'manager' game. this probably more for Pokemon fans than fans of the secondary assassin metagame mechanics from Assassin's Creed II.2 and on."
,Not Recommended,280320,9928392,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BenWah,"This might sound absurd but I really get the feeling the game designers haven't sat down and tried playing their own game for 8 hours straight to see if it is any fun.I did, and it isn't.I probably have the IQ of a toad for playing it as long as I did, waiting to see if there was gold at the end of the rainbow.Unfortunately the end of the rainbow has midgets with rubber hoses waiting to beat you up and low level radioactive waste.This game should be called Grindfest."
,Not Recommended,280320,23557324,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[SAP]CommanderA,"I cannot recommend this game.  It is monotonous and boring, things that I cannot stand in a game. When you are not grinding in dungeons you are constantly managing your inventory, which overflows with hundreds of items that all look the same.  Normally having inventory management in a game is a plus, but in this game it is a definite negative due to the amount of time it takes to go through and equip all of your different adventurers, of which you can have a truly, staggeringly, large amount.  There is no downside to just hiring as many as possible, other than the constant boredom of having to go through each and every one, as there is no automation to speed things up and get you into the relatively interesting parts of the game."
,Not Recommended,280320,26322133,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Digikomori,"Too ugly, too grindy, too boring."
,Recommended,280320,10181858,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,KingBallatore,This game pays homage to the old school RPG’s with a charming touch rhyming humor. If you enjoy playing Final Fantasy 3 you will enjoy this game.
76561198059414028,Recommended,280320,10637971,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaWabbit91,"Fun game especially if you like managing games , downside is theres too many quests that are basically for farming xp but the are send away quests where you just pick who goes and that is it"
76561198030844458,Recommended,280320,12021912,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,stcrispin,Classic feel.  Improving over time but still has quite a distance to go.  This however doen't mean that its not good.  It is VERY fun to play (Despite it still having alot of grindy monotony).  if you enjoys the 1980's era of cRPG then you will enjoy this.  it mixes Computer RPG flavor with Nintendo RPG style.  Unfortunatly the Humor detracts from the game making feel like it meant to be immersive but also not so much at the same time.Currently $4.99 and DEFINATLY worth that price IMO.
76561198128958174,Recommended,280320,12209290,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,hsg11x11,"This game has a great deal of potential, and I'm happy with my purchase so far.   Hire heroes, send them on quests for your kingdom, profit.  Not a perfect game, some UI issues and bugs, but so far it seems like a great mix of old school 8 bit RPGs and a tycoon simulation."
,Recommended,280320,13059274,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Not A Smurf,Really fun i love it so much.I have been playing since their was no acheivements
,Recommended,280320,15704321,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ATR,"If you look past the few little flaws, this is actually a really good game.I've read other reviews, particularly the negative ones. Then I bought it, played it, and realised a lot of it was people blowing small things *way* out of proportion. As long as you keep in mind this is a work in progress, *stupidly cheap price* and WILL give you a metric gazillion-tonne of fun, you won't complain. I've had hours of enjoyment out of it, and I have no doubt it's a game I'll be coming back to for a long time to come.The little flaws? Well:1. It'd be nice for the game to pause when an attackable invasion force appears. It seems to pause a couple of times to warn me about continued use of the fast forward button, but then suddenly an invasion appears, sacks a town then disappears in what seems like a few seconds. That's mildly irritating.2. An auto-assign option for core stats when a hero levels, based on their class, would be a good addition. It's nice in early stages of the game to assign stats when you have a handful of adventurers, but after a while when you've got a full compliment, it's mildly iritating.3. Minor menu options you wish were there/more obvious, blah blah blah. Lot of games guilty of this to some degree. Mildly irritating.Having said this, the best way I can think of describing this game is potentially like some kind of fantasy-RPG-Master-of-Orion-2 hybrid. For anyone that can't remember the beeps and chirps of 56k modems, that means it's good. *Real* good."
76561198026581925,Recommended,280320,11963005,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Jun.Lu.Coder,"it is a very good game for you when you don't know what game to play, this game is always the best answer."
76561198139145390,Recommended,280320,12040154,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,DJ Ricky D,"As far as $4.99 games go on steam this surely up there in the depth and fun department.You get to manage and improve your kingdom, send your vassels on adventures with the choice of manual or automatic battles. It looks oldschool but plays to the standard of todays games which in my mind is a nice combination. Games like this further inspire me as a future game developer its a gem!My one recommendation would be to include community features so you can compare and even invade kingdoms however I respect how complicated the design is and as an early access title it is already fine. Well done!"
76561198009667349,Recommended,280320,10364709,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ghini,"This game has real potential to be something special. I hope the developers continue to improve this and reach what I believe is very high potential. After purchasing lots of Dungeon games lately, finally I have one that I can see spending lots of time with.Additional Note: Recent patches have me a bit worried but hopefully they will get back on track."
76561198055410214,Recommended,280320,11290959,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Gullyking,"Well, I bought this game without much info pertaining to it.  I think I watched a video or two.  But that's about it.  After a slow start, where I tried to find my way around everything, the game became quite addictive. :)  I like the amount of adventurers you can have and the fact that they can always be ressurected should they fall in combat.  I'm also a fan of the 'endurance' system, but I have to ask, does it have any real-time effect on the way the party battles. It didn't seem like it did.  I was able to complete a quest, even though the party members were hovering just over 40.At any rate, I really like the game and would DEFINITELY recommend this game for old-rpg fans and simulation fans as well."
,Recommended,280320,17972176,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,judeiiro,"I was gonna write a really rambly review but then I realised I was rambling unnecessarily so,The game's pretty cool. I love managing little game characters and I love adventuring :DThe game is a tough grind with the invasions and trying to not die.My adventurers will be the death of me.The tutorial guy's chat bubbles could use a little work. Less words bigger fonts. I think.The gear score system is pretty tedious but it feels necessary in challenging the player.I love the music :DI think that's all I can say with 6 hours of gameplay :D"
,Recommended,280320,17999577,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Ralis99,"Hoo hah, prowling Steam for some five dollar fun? Make a stop here, lower your expectations and just go with the flow! Adventure Manager is a sweet turn based RPG where you recruit strangers to forward your campaign as a ruler. Surely Sir Kurt whom wields the dagger you gave him will save the day? He seems to be pretty stabby with it, so surely those cave spiders will lay vanquished in no time at all.So what's good? Well, apart from the jester's occasional witty rhyme (a welcome sight!) there's quite a bit to do. Train your recruits to master the quests you undertake, recruit more to help further your cause, build a castle to support your kingdom, and perhaps expore the lush world you intend to rule? Of course as a ruler, there's no need for you to be doing any fighting. Just uh... stand back and let the barbarian do the dirty work. The cleric you hired yesterday should keep him alive, right?And now, what's not so good. Battles seem to drag out quite a fair bit early on due to missing a fair bit, scarce gear and generally underleveled characters. The grind is fun to an extent, but sometimes watching your barbarian swing his club at a zombie and miss a few times in a row takes a little bit from it. Sure, maybe my ""barbarian"" is a little rusty at his job. But never imagined a zombie being swift to dodge a swing. Suppose I'll just blame that hasty random number generator, but the machine is simply doing its job. Also I don't think the ""gamble"" tab is explained at all in the game. Am I missing something? Probably.After the early stages of the game, the pace picks up and things get real. But the gruelling curve can be a little hard to embrace. And I'll say it again, for five bucks, what do you really want? I'll admit, I picked this up at a steal (I really do feel bad for that...) and it looks like the developer is more than happy to listen to players. So yes, you're getting your money's worth from this game. I do recommend it for that sweet sweet single player diversion."
76561198039925344,Recommended,280320,18008868,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,boarcat,"I think this game is fantastic, but let me be up front about it. If you only like visually stunning graphics, this is not for you. If you are a fan of content then keep reading. I am an old school gamer that started with pong. I have been through most of the systems over the years and RPG's are my favorite genre. It has never been about the graphics in an RPG though, it's about the content. I like to be able to equip several things on my character, have a multitude of magical variations, crafting, skills and a large selection of stats with a leveling system. This game has all of that. Graphics, it does not. It is a very cartoonish overview world map with point and click to travel to each destination. The graphics in town are even worse.  The dungeons and battles are very similar to the original Final Fantasy.You play a ruler of a kingdom that must hire adventurers to defeat an evil wizard. You can hire a multitude of adventurers but must use them in parties of 4 to battle. There is an auto adventure option which is what makes the sim aspect of the game, but you do not have to do this. You must build repore with other races and gain quests from them. You are able to perform quests over and over and this allows for grinding levels, money and crafting  materials. There is also a lot of humor in the game. The bio's on you adventures are set up in a ""mad-libs"" sort of fashion with a basic background with random words inserted. There is a fun basic crafting system for any of the items you can eqiup. This game is not as in depth with story line and content that you would find in Skyrim for example, but it is a very fun game that you can walk away from and come back to over and over again."
76561198017080543,Recommended,280320,17958367,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Timmy the Tooth,"Most definately worth the 0.74 I paid for it. Dev is going for an old school rpg party feel, with some humor thrown in. The humor is very rarely on, but it helps set a light hearted mood. If the dev spends more time on this, I can see it being a real hidden gem. As it stands, it's worth a few hours here and there. If you can pick it up on sale like I did, don't pass it up."
76561198042622790,Recommended,280320,18114162,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Maldrag,"A good game that falls a little short.The good:-Lots of options and combinations in the beginning.-It's well paced, (requires little grinding except for achievements).-It has style, (8bit, random comedy).-It has a lot of stuff going on, but it is forgiving, (you can complete the game without stressing most of the features).The bad:-Some of the features seem poorly implemented (only the first few abilities are animated, University seems mostly unimportant, reputations with faction cities are very easy to build and maintain, time system feels like a compromise, the retirement system can be completely missed in a normal play thru, etc.)-No manual and little information about the game online, (It can be intimidating to figure out the game, but its easier then you think).-Adventurers stop getting new abilities at lvl 10 so 80% of the game your using the same old abilities and that gets stale.-The advanced classes seem weaker then the lower tier classes, and more situational.The judgment:I had fun playing the game.  I feel that a lot of features could have been implemented better.  If they made a sequel and refined the good and rebalanced the bad it would be AMAZING!  If you get this game just play it and try not to stress the min/maxing too much and you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,280320,9937482,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,x2Madda,"Adventurer Manager is a game for children.No-no don't run away, I'm not slagging it off!It's notjustfor children in the way Scooby-Doo is not just for children. Actually Scooby-Doo is not for anybody, I hate that show!All 12 versions of it,but I digress.When A.M. was in early access I had expectations about the game that it would be like'Final Fantasy: My Life As King'and it wasn't, so I frowned. Then I splunked a few dungeons and realized that I was splunking dungeons, kind of like an RPG and while I had wanted to do that in FF:MLAK, here we have a stamina system so my favorite adventurers would sooner or later have to be benched in order for me to bring in team 'sit on the bench because I don't love you'.That is always the problem with rotating teams around. You will always have your favorites, its a lot like love. Yes you love your wife and kids equally but your daughter keeps making smug quips about you behind your back and your wife seems to be spending a lot of time with 'friends from out of town who I wouldn't possibly know!' in hotels, but your son will always love you. Until he confesses he is gay and while you are not homophobic it feels like the final betrayal and so you...Got a little sidetracked there but what I am saying is when you play a role playing game you get invested in your team and when you play a management game (those of you who play football manager will know this) you have your favorites who you give special attention too and spoil a little bit and it becomes even more heartbreaking when something happens like they break a foot or they confess to being gay and it feels like the final betrayal so you...So while I meandered back and forth between trying to play like a traditional RPG and trying to get my little slaves to make me money to pimp out my special team or die trying too, I found something was missing and I know what it is.Remember when I said this is a game for kids? When we played games as kids we would make storylines or adventures alongside the game. Yes, yes in pokemon I need to catch all 151 but I am also on a quest to save the endangered Ratatta population and so I must catch 50 of them and fill Bills box with them or else they will go extinct! While I play Super Mario 3, I can't touch the floor on stages where I get a racoon tail because the floor is made of lava.It wasn't until I was burying my sons body for his final betrayal that it dawned on me just how much A.M. encourages you to make your own story within a story. It wasn't the game I expected it to be but that was the problem, it wasn't trying to be. It just wants to be a simple game that you love and enjoy without the, 'the world is doomed, so go kill 5 rats' or any of the seriousness that accompanies the more serious RPGs nor did it go all out on being an in-depth, serious management style game either, rewarding min-maxxing or punishing you continually until you 'get it right'.If you still have a passion for games or you are still young (or young at heart) then Adventurer Manager might appeal to you and you will have a lot of fun with it.What about the game as a whole?The graphics are okay. I apprechiate them and I am a fan of the style because they are not a rehash of the '8-bit NES' style which I am rapidly growing tired of seeing in indie games. Drawing 2D assets is hard! Making an effort (in art direction) however, is not and truly the effort was made.The sound engineering isokayand I put that in italics because the sounds do seem a little out of place at times, like when I shoot an arrow and it sounds exactly like...A sword hitting metal, so yes some of the sound effects are mismatched and it is noticable. It is very rare foranyreview to ever comment on sound effects as they are usually simply assumed to 'sound' correct but it is the smallest of niggles and for an indie company I suspect they may have felt the same way. Time is finite and sometimes you just need to get the game out, warts et all.The music is better than it was in early access and boy am I glad for that! It's not the fault of anybody since early access by its nature means the game is unfinished but even the tracks that were included have been remastered so they feel fresh upon release. You can even change the town music which makes me immensely happy.Overall Adventurer Manager is a lot like Minecraft. Yes their is a story and an element of 'these things must be done' but their is also the amendment of 'eventually'. While the goal in minecraft is to kill the netherdragon, you are free to do as you please and while the goal here is to kill Miraj, you are free to create your own stories and to manage your many, many teams however you see fit.It reminds me of those ambitious Playstation 1 games like Monster Rancher or Jade Cocoon.No, this game isnotfor everyone and it is really hard to pin it to any particular genre since it is quite flexible but if you are the kind of person who has an active imagination then you will certainly enjoy Adventurer Manager.Just to clarify I don't have a wife or a dead son or a daughter, that was merely written for humour. As it turns out humour doesn't translate 100% in written text or people will just quote you out of context because they feel like it so while it is sad I even have to write this, this is just the internet age we live in now"
,Not Recommended,280320,25786668,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rychleji - NTB,"Not what I was looking for...I expected game about managering adventures and I got turn based RPG (and I hate those...)Game is fun, I like managing side of it but game really force you to do RPG and ... yeah, it ruins the game for me.I guess there is already lot of reviews mentioning it... And hey, if I would expect turn based RPG (and IF I would buy something like that for some reason) I would recommend"
,Not Recommended,280320,25940441,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Killerofsons,A decent game but I expected more management and less rpg.
76561198029402002,Recommended,280320,10506785,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SilentSnowfall,"Hey People! I just thought I'd write a quick review about this game here! So this game is early access and its obvious to me that it has TONS of potential! I haven't played it a ton so far but here is a list of pros and cons that I have found...Pros:- Fun Turn-Based Battle System- Great Level-Up System- Lots of Cool Items to Equip your Heroes with- Multiple Hero Classes to chose from each with different abilites- Interesting smithing system that allows for lots of variety- The ability to have multiple groups of heroes that you can controlCons:- Abilities between classes aren't that different- Lots of Skills have small or no animations (I'm sure this will get fixed soon)- Most quests are automated (You aren't actually doing the fighting)- Bad attempts at humor in game (Though some are kind of funny)(Personal Note): The only quests where you are actually taking your characters through the dungeons and fighting monsters yourself are the story quests - BUT - you can exit the story quest dungeon and go back in with all of the monsters respawned [they are different each time] and you can use that to make your characters stronger if you want to fight the monsters yourself.Aside from all this, I have to say that the time that I have spent playing this game has been quite enjoyable - and I would recommend this game for all RPG fans!"
76561198124722612,Recommended,280320,10874681,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,b_joshm27,"Okay, when I bought this game it was not perfect, but it was very good, you see you start out you create a ruler, and you hire adventurers from the Inn, and basically send them out on random adventures, and sometimes, when you take on more story essential quests you actually get to control whatever party you have and what they do, at this point I would say it is between the games Tribal Wars and Classic Ultima from the Graphics stand point to classic FF from the turn and skills stand point when you do manual adventures. You get to manage your parties of adventurers (Up to 4) giving them equipment, deciding what skills they have, and pumping up their stats, and it all sounds good so far right. Well there is some down sides, and a lot happened after the current update.First: Before the update you used to pick adventures from the signs in town, and you would get information from how many encounters your party would get, to how dangerous the adeventure was, and then you would get the time limits of said adventure and rewards there of once your adventurers had said number of encounters.  Now they have added a Endurance bar, they have put all the adventures that is automated on a menu that shows up in the center of your screen, and they give you info on how much gold  and experience you'll get from each encounter., and as you form your party you get told the difficulty of said adventurers, However, while this all sounds good and everything, you do not have the ability to leave the game and let the adventurers do their thing when your not controling them(well you do but you'll see what happens if you do so if you continue reading) manually, in addition you notice how I didn't say the number of encounters are now shown, that is because essentially since they put the Endurance bar in, and saying you have so many encounters, so much award(Gold wise), and it costs so much Endurance, they went with a system, in which you have to tell your adventurers when to stop the adventure, before your party comes home, and then you have to rest them, improve their stats, give them new equipment etc. Now I understand this is a management game and all, but let's be honset folks, if you hired workers to build your porch, left for the day, and came back to find they built your porch, tore down part of your fence, tore through your neighbors yard,  and basically your the proud owner of the great porch of China, complete with exhausted  workers ready to collapse all around, all because you weren't there to tell them to stop(Your adveturers stats get sapped when their endurance goes down to a certain level, and can actually hit zero, in which you have to rest them to get their stats back up.) You would be very upset with all the problems this would cause along with the sheer incompetence of not knowing the job well enough to know when to stop, you would be very upset. indeed, and after making sure they are taken care of you probably would not hire them again, but alas, while you can fire the adventurers and never have to hire them again, the people you replace them with will do the very same thing and cause you the same problems(well in this game they would anyway.)  While this can be worked around,  with enough time and patience, it basically took what should be a click and forget game and turned it  into something you have to stay on and at times feels like you have to dredge through.  Of course this is all the management side of things.Second: It seems there is a lot of things that have changed, the skill tree for instance only has a total of nine skills, down from twelve, not major, and the game is more refined for it, so that is basically a good thing, However it seems the adventures have gotten harder on your party as well, also good equipment pops up a lot more rarely now, of course these factors can be good or bad, pending on how you look at it, but the worse thing is, there seems to be a few more bugs then before, and this is the reason for my  ultimate conclusion at the end.Is this game good, yes if you like management games, and you have a lot of patience, you'll get hours and hours of gameplay already, and this is still a incomplete game, but for 5 bucks it is well worth it. If your a classic role playing fan, it is a iffy call, you might like parts of the management, but might get frustrated with it in it's current form, but you will like the manual adventures , the skills and the classes, though they are basic for this kind of game.  Overall it is a enjoyable little game and well worth the check out at 5 bucks, but be warned, your mileage may very.Overall I give this a 7 out of 10. It's not perfect, but it is good enough for me to recommend."
76561197996575305,Recommended,280320,10952217,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Narsiph,"HEY!To be honest: At the beginning the game was more like ""yeah... sure."". But also in the early stages of the game i was pretty addicted to it. With the latest patches around the game becomes more and more a adventurer manager, it feels more like really managing your groups then playing all the time 1 groups through the dungeons!If you like managing, rpg AND pixel art: grab it, sqeeze it and love it!"
76561197998257334,Recommended,280320,14978322,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,soldyne,"First impressions are that its a fun little game.  Its a cross between Diablo and a JRPG.  Diablo in the form of random loot drops with randomly generated stats and crafting, JRPG in the sense of combat and questing.  The humor is off-the-wall random to the point that quests details are randomly determined without any sense; Go defeat the 32 mice and recover the 56 bales of hay; find the 15 merchants and dispatch the 82 legions of spoons.The one mechanical difference between this game and other JRPG types is that you can create up to 12 different adventuring parties and have 3-4 of those parties go on seperate adventures simultaneously while the others rest up or train at the university; thus you manage your adventures (roll credits).The story is just an excuse plot to make you go kill random things in random dungeons and goes so far as to poke fun at the entire JRPG/fantasy genre.If the random humor is the up side, then the down side is the micro-management.  if you have 12 parties with 4 members each, then you have 48 heroes to level up, choose skills for, assign gear to and send to school (wow, did I just inherit 48 children?).  Eventually you will develop a pattern that works for you, but, about 60% of my game time is spent managing my parties and only about 40% is spent grinding the dungeons.If you want a simple rogue-like/JRPG experience with some satyrical humor give it a go; just don't expect it to be GOTY."
76561198002970555,Recommended,280320,13295866,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,narticjazul,This game is ment for people that like to grind stuff out to get really powerfull people then use these people to steamroll the game. That is what i do in FFs games and I enjoy it so if you enjoy that then this game is really for  you and it adds in the twist that you need to do it agin if you are not fast and they die of old age really fun game.
,Not Recommended,280320,15441478,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MyMy,"Minimalistic RPG. Maybe a good one in its category - at times feels better than Knights of Pen & Paper. But there's no way anyone should play this over Lord Xulima (which is more complex, indeed). Good thing about the game - humor. Awful things: lack of animation cancelling, pace is too slow, gets repetitive almost immediately."
76561198087356542,Recommended,280320,15705122,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Chris Milk,Diablo 3 meets final fantasy. If you liked any of these games you'll enjoy adventurer manager.PROS:Many classes to choose fromLots of loot(common to legendary)Auto adventures (AI plays battles for you)CONS:Not A lot of endgame contentStory is a little uninteresting
76561197960746459,Not Recommended,280320,13627655,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,quinnbot,"Interesting in theory, boring in practice.   You end up spending all your time sorting lists of items, lists of adventures - in the end it feels like you are playing a spreadsheet."
76561198110702849,Recommended,280320,17079559,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Takumi,"Alright, so what is there to say about this game? To start with I've been playing since early on in the early access period. Back then it was a confusing mess of possibilities and loose ends with no real fluidity for me. The tutorial was choppy and left me confused and regretting my purchase.As a result I didn't touch this game for months. When I came back to it I had no idea what I was doing so I started a new character and immediately I was impressed. The ruler customization options were wider, the tutorial actually told me what to do in a clear way and indicated where to click next, at least a lot better than the previous version had.There is so much loot it's not funny. Each item has its own stats, its own level and its own score. I've found crafting my own is much more productive than using the stuff you find in dungeons as anything other than material fodder or quick, albiet insignificant, gold. Some people criticize the fast forward penalty as being a detractor but when you realize that your job is to go on scripted quests in new areas to save the realm, idling your time away is usually not how you go about that is it? How many adventurers have you seen just lounging about when there are princesses to be saved? (Yes I'm looking at you Mario, I know just how many trees you did handstands on in your N64 game mister.)I have not yet beaten it, but the game is fun and funny with enough content and variability to keep me engaged. One thing I would like to see is more side quests that aren't auto adventures, but it's worth a play especially if you like turn based RPGs mixed with a hint of roguelikes and customization options so high that an over 9000 joke could be made. This game doesn't take itself too seriously, but you really should."
76561198025486170,Recommended,280320,16930060,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,MSQ Ganner,nice mixture of retro adventure/rpg sim filled with customizable goodness.
76561198063988716,Recommended,280320,17000452,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,d.kirchman,If you like the following you will love this game1. Rpgs2. Retro 8bit like graphics3. over thousands of different weapons with almost no two weapons having the same stats4. tons of different monsters and bosses
,Recommended,280320,16534179,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sign of Evil,I like this a lot! Super cool!
76561197978158012,Not Recommended,280320,22914114,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Andy Capp's Hot Fries,"There are many, many things wrong with Adventure Manager, from top to bottom. The mechanics are awful, the interface frustrating, the tutorial never ending. Cutesy pixellated graphics that have a distinctly ""made in China"" feel to them, as though the game were assembled from Happy Meals toys.Don't waste your money here."
,Not Recommended,280320,23412128,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Hurdles McRankles,Just too many bugs to make this game fun.  I wanted to like it but every time I started to like it something else would be almost infuriating.
76561198031282454,Not Recommended,280320,33480219,Posted: 12 July,all,obe34,its kinda boring after 30 min and its humor remnds me of a 14 year olds jokes
76561198058328254,Not Recommended,280320,14459216,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,darkholy119,"At first I was enjoying the game and the EQ references, that is until I found out it was one of ""those"" games.  Where devs feel a need to dictate how you play. I was NOT playing ironman mode so there really is no reason the save system should work like this.I was allowing time to fast forward ahead in game to test something out and apparently, it would seem the game has it's own internal auto save mechanic which the player is not made aware of at all.  Even end processing the game isn't enough to get around it.  A save file I put a few days into is ruined now.I wouldn't reccomend Adventurer Manager unless you enjoy being arbitrarily told how to play a product you paid for."
,Recommended,280320,31843662,Posted: 19 May,all,✠ tyu,"whoa dang, I didn't know that they have a chinese version of this"
,Recommended,280320,12488152,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sunzo,"A very charming game, with a pretty good sense of humour.However it's chosen a pixel style graphic scheme, which really doesn't suit it.The retro music is good, and insanely catchy.I'd be much more interested in this if it had a fresher graphic style, I'm over pixel style games."
,Recommended,280320,18465433,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Happy Camper,"Really unique game. I like it alot. However, there is one mechanic that should not be in this game and that is the invade mechanic for speeding up the game. It isn't a good mechanic at all. However, as long as you can avoid the rush mechanic and just do dungeons in this game. The different setups and strategies in this game are quite numerous. You should have fun figuring things out in terms of composition and strategy."
76561198121032606,Recommended,280320,9950328,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Hummungus,love itwent into cave to escort shields as a reward was slapped by burito10/10
76561198220423891,Not Recommended,280320,20705787,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez.SkinHub.com,its fun and annoying cuase when u get good items you equip them then your good troops dye and you have no money
76561197999571966,Recommended,280320,23749028,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"This game has had a rocky road. For a bit the game was $1, then free... as the dev was having issues with the end product.That having been said I've followed the game for some time, and one day grabbed a copy just on a whim. The game is pretty simplistic in its concept... you create parties of adventurers that you send out on 'adventures'. So far it fulfills the requirement based on name.Now lets be honest here:Pros:- Has a silly story. Nothing well written, but it's still funny. Almost has a bit of an engrish style of writing, and alot of the encounters have 'pop-ups' that make zero sense such as 'release or give money' yet... the results typically are so bizarre and have nothing to do with the choice you make (Either you get gear or a fight breaks out).- Lots of options, and you can have some interesting parties.- LOOT! If you thought Borderlands has too much loot, then this game will do the same essentially. Bizagillonillion...s.... of gears. Issue here is much like MMO gear... lots of combinations make little to no sense.Cons:-Essentially everything I mentioned above is also a con here folks. This game is poorly written, so don't expect to understand 90% of the stuff going on here. Stats are not really explained very well, and gear builds become hard to determine, as are skill boosts vs gear choices at times. There is ALOT of trial and error to figure out what works for what class.- The Dev has done weird things when it comes to the future. The DLC that was released is actually a bit of fun (Endless tower with epic gear isn't a bad thing, and it's cheap to boot!), but there has been talk about rebooting the graphics engine... or say the gameplay... but yet nothing solid has come from it.I'd say if you wanted to give it a go, definitely do. The Dev has been involved with the community... but at the same time be aware this is definitely not an amazing game. It can be fun to laugh at the story/dialogue, but the menu is counter intuitive at times and mid dungeon crawl... some of it makes zero sense whatsoever. Accept that, and get the game on sale... and you should have a bit of fun."
76561198115069885,Not Recommended,280320,16345683,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,airtoth,"Adventure Manager is an okay concept, but the gameplay quickly becomes monotonous.  There are only a limited number of actions that you can do (send your adventurers on a quest, buy/sell equipment, craft new items, assign skill points, etc.), and this starts to feel old after an hour or two of playing.  If you like classic RPG games, then perhaps it will entertain you for longer."
76561198067340056,Recommended,280320,10150770,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,JcMakePeace,"Dang, those enraged bats though! This game is really fun and addicting i recommend to everyone"
,Recommended,280320,10217977,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,草泥马 😂,This game is quite fun to play as you manage your group of heroes you hired to clear dungeons and quests as you collect more powerful equipments. clearing the game would take some time to do.
76561198073737588,Recommended,280320,10247427,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,sixcrws2002,"A bit confusing at times, but a pretty fun game in general. If you like RPG's give this one a shot."
,Recommended,280320,10310031,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,いただき﻿MUSCLE~☆,"Reminiscent of a bare-bones version of My Life as a King, except with much more direct control over the adventuring parties, and less involvement in city building... for the time being. Fairly decent so far as an Early Access title, casual playstyle suits it well at current, nice little way to kill an hour or so without needing to get overly invested. At only $5, I'm satisfied I've gotten my money's worth after 5 hours of playtime, though I'm by no means done with it."
76561198107558819,Recommended,280320,10465034,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,AngryVodooBabies,"the mix of management and RPGing is excellent, although it is a early access and a bit buggy, but other than that the game is top notch"
,Recommended,280320,10547929,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,xSmoke2Muchx,"Excellent game for what is, constantly adding to it. Onl negative thing I can think of is...MY JEFF always dies!"
76561197994341977,Not Recommended,280320,17465584,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Talien,"I really did not want to give a bad review for this game and waited and waited and held out hope that things would change, but after a few updates what I don't like about this game still outweighs what I do like. If I hadn't already had more than 2 hours in the game when I discovered any of the things I don't like I would have requested a refund.I'll start with what I do like. TL;DR version at the end.You can pick up and play for a couple hours here and there and actually make progress and not feel like you wasted your time. Basically you do not have to devote a lot of time to this game to have fun with it.All the class/race combinations. Yeah, some races are better suited to some classes than others, but you can make whatever race whatever class you want and still do ok.Actual skill trees with branches and not just linear skill progression like you'd expect in a small game like this. True, some branches of some trees underperform compared to others, but if you want to make a character to specialize in them for the situations it would work you can.Difficulty of invasions scales to the level of the characters you send. Of course, the loot also scales so it's your choice whether to send a low level group to get them some easy exp or a higher level group for better loot but a higher chance of getting their asses kicked.Now for what I don't like.There is one save slot per game. ONE. And it's an autosave. There is a manual save button but it is entirely pointless as the game autosaves constantly, and if you run into a problem where your save glitches (this happened to me and I had to completely start over) or gets corrupted you're just SOL. The game leads you to believe you have 3 save slots since it shows 3 slots in the menu but each one is a slot for a different savegame, you start a game in one slot and it's locked to that slot, you can't save in one of the others. I cannot stress enough what a bad feature this is, if anything happens to your save you're SOL unless you manually go into the folder with the saves and make a copy every time you play. Mandatory autosave should be an option for the ironman setting, not standard.Spellcasting classes do less damage with weapons but nowhere in the game is this information given, this was only revealed in a thread on the forum by another player who discovered it in tooltips during combat. Some spellcasting classes come equipped with a melee weapon, leading you to believe they are proficient with it but this is not the case. Build a Shaman with a Str/Int build because it came with a Spear and you thought you could do a hybrid character? You're SOL. Hybrid characters perform poorly regardless, even classes like the Death Knight that ARE proficient with melee weapons and also have spells.....if you try to balance Str/Int they just end up being bad at both instead of being decent at both but not excelling at either. You're pretty much forced to min/max if you want to get anywhere.The crafting system is heavily RNG based and you can easily end up crafting gear that is utterly worthless because the bonuses that were rolled for it are pointless for the classes that can equip it. Plus, you need to actually level the Blacksmith by crafting low level junk before you can even start to craft anything good, but I saw nowhere in the game that this was explained. You can use gems to guarantee a certain stat on a crafted item but the bonus from that gem is still going to be determined by RNG. Gems are rather uncommon, though not stupidly rare, so you won't want to use them constantly. To craft gear you have to break down other gear instead of selling it, which means you have to choose between gold to upgrade your castle and revive dead adventurers or material for crafting gear. While this isn't really a bad thing it is hard to manage early on when both resources are going to be at a premium.The official forums are basically ignored by the dev team and they like doing everything through the steam forum, but the ""report bug"" button in the game menu directs you to the official forum which is full of bug report topics that have no replies. This could easily lead people to believe that the devs do not support the game, which is not the case.TL;DRIf you aren't bothered by forced autosaves, getting constantly shafted by RNG based crafting, or being forced to min-max despite the illusion of freedom in assigning stats you might enjoy this game, but if you're like me and don't enjoy these things you'll probably want to give it a pass."
,Recommended,280320,15978574,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,greywolf00,"A surprising little gem, but it suffers from being very grindy. It's a great combination of RPG and management sim. The character building options are truly my favorite part of the game. Each race specializes in certain weapons which seems to suit them to specific classes, but it's still viable to try unorthodox weapons with classes. The skill trees are pretty small, but still enough there to make building fun. There's a ton of training options, though it's all passive skills.The one down side is without a doubt the grinding. You have to grind maps to get experience to tackle harder maps. You have to grind through crafting to create good items. You have to grind gold to buy more gems.  If that stuff doesn't bother you give this a whirl, I've had a blast/"
76561197976586301,Not Recommended,280320,16505032,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,adam.l,"The latest update has strongly biased the game's balance towards 'extremely grindy'. On top of that, the addition of age-related permadeath for your adventurers has turned this into a another worthless rouge like. The only way to keep some of the feel of previous versions is to cheat; which is not what a game should require to be fun.As this game exists now, it is simply a chore."
,Recommended,280320,10121145,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ThailRavenfell,"Great game! I can not wait for the updates, I am addicted."
,Recommended,280320,10487098,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,CrackedGhostGames,Adventure Manager is one of the best managing games I have ever played. I just love the fact that you can equip gear to your party... Still can't get the Rouge to attack though. :D
,Recommended,280320,9914516,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,unknowncity,"It's amazing what a difference a few tweaks can make. My original review of this game could be summed up as ""Great idea, but too grindy and slow to be much fun."" I was hardly alone in my concerns, and clearly the developers were listening. After the most recent update, almost all of my complaints are either greatly reduced or completely resolved. It no longer feels like half-finished collection of interesting ideas, it feels like a coherent collection of mechanics almost forming a good game. It's still a beta release, and there's a lot of tweaking left to do, but it's clearly on the right track.Do I recommend yet? Yes, but with conditions. If you're up for a bit of grinding in a simple RPG system where you take control of multiple parties, and with a VERY slow leveling feel, it's playable. If you're looking for a complete and immersive experience where you can just sit down and play, it's not there yet. It still feels like the game is running in molasses, and I've only started to genuinely enjoy playing it after well over six hours of effort.That said, I think the devs are on it, and the game will only improve with time."
,Not Recommended,280320,13372475,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Fargo,The Mac version is extremely buggy - tutorial quest not working blocking progress about two minutes in.
76561198071041876,Recommended,280320,14215676,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,pandazyk,Why my game keeps crashing just after the first few lines of words
76561197976996184,Not Recommended,280320,14339274,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Sonic Opium,"The game is a nice concept and return to the old school RPGs.There is a decent sized world to explore, but the nature of the progression system makes the game extremely linear.I enjoy some grinding, but I feel that early on in a game it shouldn't just be a grind fest.The pace of the game is relatively slow, as each battle (if fighting at the appropriate level) is a bit slow.It made me favor running with two mages in the rear of the party for maximized damage.The fact that the rear two members of your party cannot engage in melee combat makes the party composition a bit restrictive.The leveling system does indeed have all the D&D based stats that one would desire and the items are numerous.The issue I have is the extreme monotany of scroling through all of your many many characters to see who has leveled and to adjust their stats accordingly.This would be no problem if you had less than 10 characters to deal with, but remembering your build for each of the numerous characters is quite tedious (I probably have 28 or so and you are allowed many more than that).The story is irrelevant, but it's not supposed to be the focus of the game. The mood is intentionally silly, which is fine.I liked the randomly generated bio for the characters, but the code determining the details is a bit lacking.Basically they are set up like mad libs where certain nouns and activities are filled in with a random choice from their designed library of content. This is fine, but you end up seeing the same wonky descriptions over and over again (sometimes twice in a sentence) and there is little regard for logic.I've logged 6 hours so far and it feels like I haven't gotten much done besides having a large group of characters and having cleared the same dungeons multiple times.I have spent a lot of the in-game money upgrading characters and your castle, but this feels largely unrewarding and tedious as well.If the game cost under $5, then I would revise this to a recommend. I paid $7.50 during a deal week and even that seems a bit expensive."
76561198089672155,Recommended,280320,15506613,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,lyMnD,if you really like rpg and want to support indie games buy it!it's nice game and worth every penny of your money.
,Not Recommended,280320,16587776,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LunarEgo,"I really like this game, but I can't recommend it in its current state.It is unbelievably buggy. I have run into a bug now three times where I complete a mission, but it didn't register that I defeated the boss of the dungeon, so I couldn't turn the quest in. This just happened and my castle got sacked during an invasion, meaning I can't access the graveyard (to resurrect my dead characters) or use the blacksmith (to make equipment) for two days. This is unacceptable, and it needs to be fixed.Other minor bugs occur when you hover over something like a move that you want to use, and it failes to dismiss after you remove your cursor. This continues on other screens, and makes the game very difficult to use when you have the bug.Another thing is the interface... it's awful. There is no rhyme or reason to it. You have some 42 adventurers to manage, and while you can order the initial list when you bring them up, you scroll by them seemingly randomly. Every time you want to put a party together to go do a mission, you have to search each and every one of your party members to make sure that they are able to:A. Do the mission (there is an endurance mechanic)B. Are an appropriate class/raceC. Meet the gear threshold.While the information is available, there is no readily apparent way to sort it so that the experience is streamlined. A lot of time is wasted just trying to find the right party. That isn't fun, it's just a slow paced time sink and uniquely irritating.The game isn't exactly what I'd call deep, either. It's just a stat and gear crunch for your party. You can pick 5 skills for each party member to have, but some of the skill trees are just dumb. There are very clear ways that you should be doing things. For example, you CAN give your cleric a damage dealing spell, but it is rarely more potent than just training up their weapon of choice at the university (which also has a poor interface, but for different reasons). Therefore all of your clerics just end up being carbon copies of each other because there is no reason for the damage dealing spell.Oh, and you need carbon copies. Each character ages as the game goes on, so you can't really hold on to your dream team for long. You also need to cycle each of them out as time goes so they don't lose all of their endurance and you're caught with your pants around your ankles during an invasion or something. Not that it matters, though, since apparently when you kill a boss now, it doesn't even register.Another major bug is that quests consistently register even you have beaten them. You can only have four active quests at a time, and sometimes they remain active in your questlog after you've beaten them. This is infurating.Other, minor bugs include many misspellings and grammatical errors. Text not fitting in dialogue boxes. This is relatively minor, though, so not ultimately a big deal. I wasn't expecting Skyrim 2, upon this buying this game, but I was expecting it to be functional. Which it really isn't.There is no reason that the game should be out in its current state. It is fun in theory, but very poorly executed. I have gotten my money's worth, but I am a patient man. I can't recommend this game. If it ever gets debugged, I will most likely change my mind.This game has so much promise, and it could be a real gem, but this feels like I'm playing an alpha instead of a finished product. I wish more time were spent with it so that it could have been fully realized."
76561197967280654,Recommended,280320,13099279,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,cardog,This game would be better with a much better inventory managment system... Having to do the same exact cave over and over defiantly gets way tedius real fast also...Starts off fun degrades into same cave over and over and you have to re itemize so often with so many characters in such a time consuming way with the constent item drops becomes work instead of fun pretty fast. Im recomending because it has potential needs some work though :)
76561198002599232,Recommended,280320,14291719,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,someperson0529,"I recommend this game...sort of.This game is everything I wanted it to be, and everything you might want it to be from an Adventure Manager. I was hoping for some improvement on the formula of Majesty 2 or something of that sort. (Of course, it is vastly different than that game, but I always loved the idea of managing heroes.)However, I simply can't enjoy the game in its current state. I find there to be far too much tedium in the equipment management. Having to click through 48 heroes and equip them all by hand is just too much micromanagement for me.I'll keep following the game and seeing what they do with it. I do really like everything else about it and if you are okay with that level of management of equipment, then you will love this game if you like the sound of it."
,Recommended,280320,15665723,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,chirpydalek,"I wasn't expecting much when I bought this but I heard you could use the loot you pick up and that sold it to me as it sets it apart from some of the other games like this. The controls are a little bit weird at first but once you get used to them, this is a really fun game. I like being able to use the best loot I pick up and selling the rest. I'm not so keen on having 4 adventurers at a time as there's ultimately always one who is utterly useless and is stuck at the back only being able to defend or reflect. I like that you can pick from different classes with all sorts of cool abilities. It's easy to earn badges for this just by having one of each class. Some of the enemies in the Crypt will be really OP so some grinding at the cave is in order, which kind of makes it less fun. Wandering around trying to find each enemy in the cave when you've done it before can get really dull after a while."
76561198040737357,Not Recommended,280320,15694584,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Serax,I was excited to play this game until I started playing it and quickly realized that there was a ton of micro management to be done thus making the game extremely tedious . Would give 6/10 average at best.
,Recommended,280320,10240312,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,VBM2,"This game is infuriatingly addictive. Takes me back to the retro days of my gaming life.It does exactly what it says on the tin. You build up parties of troops and send them off on quests to gain experience and gold. On ""story quests"" you take control of the party as it enters a dungeon area.Gold can be used to buy gear for your troops and upgrade your stronghold. Loot from quests can be broken down by a blacksmith to gain metal of different rarities, metal can be used to smith gear. It's quite diverse for such a new game.I've only hit a couple of niggling bugs too. Very good build version!Think my one criticism is item management. Would be nice to ""lock"" items so that you can just sell all items in your inventory that aren't locked. But yeah, I highly recommend. For a few quid, who can complain really?"
,Recommended,280320,11464380,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,EboleleleleleXD,great little game :D
,Recommended,280320,13410816,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Threethan,"This game is surprisingly fun. What seems like mindless point and clicking becomes a full on adventure, or (and even better) an auto adventure for loot and gold while you're trying to figure out how to gear your adventurers in the best gear possible."
,Recommended,280320,10407959,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,applemason,"I recently picked this up after eyeballing it for a while. I am so glad I did. It's a great fantasy management game. I am looking forward to new features in dev to see how the game will be expanded, but as it is, I think it is definitely worth your time if you're curious. The 8-bit style keeps it very whimsical and nostalgic. The only caution I can give is that if you are not a patient person, perhaps this isn't the game for you."
76561198042589505,Recommended,280320,10295556,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,samuricex,"If you miss party-based RPGs, then you should get this.  If not, then you should do a little more research before buying.7/10."
76561198116302583,Recommended,280320,22345648,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,_drin,"*While walking down the dungeon*""'You've seen a baby on the floor. What do you do?""""Ignore it or Headbutt it?""...Needless to say, I'm not proud of my decision."
76561198047893285,Not Recommended,280320,22466714,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,GIBBS,"Game sat in my wishlist for months,Bought the game,Installed it,Played for 2 hours,Never wanted to play this game again,Requested a refund.The biggest in a long list of problems was that the tutorial didn't effictevely teach how to play the game......at all. This game looks like it could be really fun, but it's too painful to put in the necessary hours to learn how to play."
76561198061306443,Not Recommended,280320,22638304,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,elchali_5,"The game its just to stale.There is nothing charming on it. there is bug here and there and the gameplay is not really fulfilling. The interface is kinda confusing and over all is just a bland experience. I really tried hard, but I just cant love this game. the art does not help aswell."
,Not Recommended,280320,25610141,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,King Anger IX,"Garbage. The hidden portals are a grand nuisance. And you cannot even ""pin"" a squad to a city to guard it when invasions arrive! What bleeping nonsense is this?!?"
,Recommended,280320,25877736,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,NutellatheHun,I like it would like to see some new dlc.
,Recommended,280320,19600517,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Saryssa,"The game is fun and interesting, but I have a real issue with the saving part of it. I played for 5-6 hours yesterday and saved after every major dungeon/part. Today when I launched the game, there was nothing. Nada. Not one of my dozen saves last night was registered.Of course it could be a problem that very few experience, but I can not recommend a game with this sort of issue.UPDATE: The patch helped and the game is now awesome :) Thank you, developers!"
,Recommended,280320,18048674,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,moonchild,it's a great little fun game with really really good devs that actually listen to the community feedback and actively release new patches and content! thanks for that!:thewarrior:
,Not Recommended,280320,33654946,Posted: 19 July,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Tycoon&Simulator&Sim&CityAdditional Tags: Delete Local Content & Remove from LibraryTLDR: Its a cool and quirky little game but you are probably better off playing something like Kingsway.http://store.steampowered.com/app/588950/Kingsway/Review: Game is slow paced and relaxing. Leaving a dungeon using the portal can leave me stuck unable to re-enter it and having to restart from scratch, which in the case of invasions just makes the event disappear and registered as a loss. Invasions have to be turned in at the castle's jester and not at regular city quest givers. The tutorial does not tell you but the graveyard is usually accessed on the Castle screen. The tutorial is lengthy, heavily scripted, cannot be skipped and can be failed which can create a host of problems. The whole game is mouse only with an overland map to select hubs to visit, hubs can be exited by clicking on the roadsigns. Dungeons are a series of connected rooms that you navigate by clicking on screen arrows, a handy diagram is there to show you which forks exist in the road. Objectives are at the top right so you can keep track of what you need done before you can take the portal out. University can teach permanent skills for gold. Great variety of classes. Loot levels up quite high, increasing the base attribute of loot that rarity further modifies. Loot system similar to early Diablo games. The use of fast forward, and management of human ressources and everybody's sechdule becomes micromanagement intensive.Some of the dialogue. Especially for random events when dungeoncrawling and when picking autoquests are obviously being randomly generated and can read to truly bizzare results, often in a bugged out, jarring kind of way.Leveling your relationship with kingdoms seems like a pointless grind that feels a gauge for no apparent benefit. The whole monarch/ruler character seems underdevelopped.Note: Seems like the game is balanced for you to dump in your main classes attribute and then take some ranks of +% to stat as a level up upgrade before picking up active abilities"
76561198019597873,Not Recommended,280320,13253469,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,crassadon,"There is almost certainly $10 worth of fun here, but much of it had to have been unintentional.This game advertises itself as a ""meta-RPG"" game, and that's true, but it just feels more fun to play a genuine RPG than this. Games like Romancing Saga have features beyond typical RPG fare, which make them awesome to play. This game feels, to me, more like it's stuck between wanting to do a meta-RPG, and a standard RPG, and not presenting either as well as could be done. This game is, at least, quite a bit unique, and that's welcome.The graphics stand out for their mediocrity: it's presented in a ""retro"" style, yet even in the era this game styles itself around, these would be considered bad graphics. Not every graphic is bad, and some of them are nice to look at. But there are also graphics to make you question your decision to play this game. Some hilariously bad sound effects; and the just awful, short music rounds out this game. Just mute the sound, if you're going to play this.Are there good things? Yes. The simplifed pathing through the game makes it easy to play--even if that is held back by pretty bad controls--you feel like you know what to expect, and moving forward happens at a steady pace. Item collecting is presented well: I would love to see such clear representations of what items you find, in other games. In a world without a lot of meta-RPGs, the meta-RPG qualities are welcome. However, these intriguing features are floating on a sea of mediocrity. Is it worth playing this game to see them? Only for the stout-hearted meta-RPG fan.  . . Or someone who only has $10 for a game. It's a pretty good $10 game."
,Recommended,280320,10042638,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Jto,killing a normal enemy is harder than killing a bossbut it's an interesting game
76561198081703383,Recommended,280320,9945058,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,PeppyPuppySluppy,"I'M not sure what to say about this game. is it bad? no, it's not bad at all. i'm looking forward to see how the take this game sense it's only in beta. i'll be honest i've only just recently got into playing these indie games, and this one got me addicted, but it still needs a lot of word. found myself a couple times getting easily killed when my party clearly was at the higher level than the monster's i was facing. plus the price of gold it cost to bring your get your adventurer's back is to much. other than that i thought it was extreamly fun, and can't wait to see it fully finished"
76561198051255764,Recommended,280320,12783338,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,qwer,+ pixel style graphic- low quality graphic+ classic style RPG- too simple old RPG+ roguelike random system- not too much randam+ many classes and races- not much difference+ castle upgrade- not so special thing++++++++++++++++++ It's cheapOK BUY THIS GAME.
76561198010429902,Not Recommended,280320,10165944,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ancientelder,Painfully slow pacing makes this game hard to play for longer than 30 mins. Guessing it was another mobile port. Something to play while waiting for a taxi or subway train.
,Not Recommended,280320,19689091,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,HypnoticSheep,"This game isn't worth the dollar I paid for it. Graphics are like something a kid drew, it's ridiculously buggy, and the save system doesn't work. Don't bother."
76561198122592558,Not Recommended,280320,10407112,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,The Last Berzerker,I would not reccomend this game to just anyone. not even RPG lovers like myself it is too slow and the battle elements are only found in story quests where in others you wait a certain amount of time to see if the party died or not. it was not as i expected you should watch some gameplay before considering buying this.
76561198170542817,Not Recommended,280320,14101150,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,happysammy,I do not like this game. The soundsrack is probably the most annoiyng soundtrack I ever heard and how can you make a game if you CANT READ THE GODDANM WORDS!!!!!!!!
76561198014913462,Recommended,280320,10616467,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Illimitus,"First Edit, after playing for 2 weeks:I will give this a contingent review, as this is Early Access. Things are getting better at a decent pace, whcih is a tribute to the devs and the growing community. They are certain to get better, and that can be part of the intrigue of buying it early access.At this point the game is worth the $4.99 asking price. If you like the early access concept, it makes it all the more fun to watch and help a game get made.The game has placeholder graphics (hopefully).The sounds are minimally implemented.There is no spoken dialog.The core game is divided into adventure management, which has more and more tools for automation. The other half of the game is Final Fantasy style fight system. It is somewhat fun, and helps to balance out the data-driven auto-adventure management.This game has a great amount of potential but I am not sure how far the devs are going to go before drawing a line under this and moving on. Those of you familiar with Desktop Dungeons (available on Steam) and Dungeon Village (android) and the party aspects of Final Fantasy and Dungeon Siege will like this game,"
76561198124837701,Recommended,280320,10156473,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Wiggles,"I've been playing the early access to this game and for what it's worth, there are a lot of things that are obviously not finished yet, but I believe this is going to be an awesome game. It's already consuming my time and all the features aren't even available yet! If you're a fan of RPG games, pick this up and give it a go!"
,Not Recommended,280320,22410008,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nomad,"Its a really bad graphic rpg with bad elements of combat and functionality. Having said that i played a bit of this and i wouldnt recommend it, i still played it."
76561198034180089,Recommended,280320,19597002,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Aries403,"Really enjoyed the game, if it saves tomorrow I know what I'm doing all day"
,Recommended,280320,10135247,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,zephrim,"Adventure Manager is a fun retro game with a new twist on a very tired genre, (the D&D Fantasy genre). Adding in a heaping load of absurd ""mad lib"" like random generated quests for some chuckles. Showing that the game does posses some promise and heart. However, just as in most of those old classics, there is a good ammount of grinding to be done. And not the good kind either. This can get to be a bit tedious and can potentally drive away some people from the game. I find this a great game to play while I'm busy doing something else so I can't play a game that requires all or most of my attention. (I am imagining that this could be a great ""office"" game, something to play while in your cubicle pretending to work. Of course I could be wrong. Anyone have an office job like that? We should test it.)Now this isn't going to be your next new obsession. This isn't going to be the game you spend all your waking hours playing forgetting to eat, sleep, and wash, (thankfully for that). But it is a great little time killer with a sense of humor. I have high hopes for the title and hope to see it grow into the amusing and funny game it has the potential to become."
76561198032041088,Recommended,280320,13373421,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Renyer28,This game is pretty fun. It is a lot more complex than I thought it would be.
,Not Recommended,280320,18080272,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Skaw,It would be a good game but has more grinding than a disco (without the fun part)
,Recommended,280320,13513248,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Yams,Excellent Oldschool RPG game. Brings me back to my final fantasy 1-3 days. You will get your $10 worth on this game if you like classic RPGs. Check out a Let's Playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlVLYz_3erc
76561198091865647,Recommended,280320,17057191,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Vó Tu ( o )( O ),"So much loot, amazing gameI love this game <3"
76561198012214777,Not Recommended,280320,17429610,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Neonivek,"Conclusion: If you are looking for an ""Adventurer manager"" type game in the same lines of say Football Manager, Majesty, or anything of the like. Do not get this game.---A long time ago I wrote a review for this game and was basically told by the community and the development team that the lack of features in the ""early access"" was because it was early access and that later it would open up and I would see that it really was exactly the game it tried to pretend it was all along.It wasn't.In this game you create a team of 4 individuals of different races and classes and then you go through a dungeon and collect loot. When you level you put your skillpoints in one of a few available skills, leveling them up. Then you can spend your gold on buildings that either give universal benefits or unlock new features such as training.You can also unlock crafting where you melt down objects in hope that you can collect enough materials, of which there are four grades of metal, and then you select premade recipes and build them. Which would be interesting if objects weren't more then random stats, be prepared to melt down a lot of magic wands of strength.The active quests you put the party into a dungeon where you select one of the four cardinal dirrections, they walk, they go inside a room, perhaps there is an encounter, perhaps there is treasure, perhaps it is a healing campfire. Otherwise you click in another cardinal dirrection and go there instead.Finally there are ""Do nothing"" quests and training. You select characters for a mission or training and then wait until they are finished. They tend to do far worse then if you were controlling them yourself, do not be surprised if this gets them killed.That is pretty much it as far as the gameplay goes. You do not ""manage"" your ""Adventurers"" anymore then you would do in baldur's gate, in fact you do even less. They do not have personal needs, or character, or anything that would make these adventurers anything but cardboard cut outs with ""stats"". You do not feel either the in depth control nor a subtle influence on your adventurers.Now I could talk more indepth about the game itself since honestly there is a legitimate complaint in just how overly simplistic and horrifically unfunny the game attempts to be (Youtube the opening intro, TRUST ME!). Yet you have plenty of other reviews that do that, for this I just want to warn anyone thinking about buying this game to look again, find a video review, and then reconsider this game on this basis.I am not a professional or really an amateur reviewer, I just speak the way I think about these games. Unfair or fair as it might be."
,Not Recommended,280320,18437231,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,☭oath2order☭,It's okay. I need to give it a better chance
76561198142750246,Not Recommended,280320,18804501,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lysmerry,"This game has a fun premise and sense of humor, and I love the pixel art and character designing, but the gameplay itself is extremely tedious. The music is impossibly grating, and it takes forever of the same repetitive motion over and over to get through a level. It's fun to get the loot and gear up the characters, but otherwise kind of painful."
76561198006876294,Recommended,280320,19675603,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Jin-Roh,"Fun game, need some balancing as the second dungeon after the tutorial dungeon is kinda tough."
76561198080698498,Recommended,280320,12335132,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,StarxStone,"Congrauuh-congraju-*burp*-congratualtions Sir Gastion of the fart-fairy kingdom, you are now the duke of ""the land of ______"". One can not simply play this game and take it seriously. Its a game where you literally manage a group of adventurers. Its not a bad game and worth checking out. Its a lot like Pen and Paper but its not bad. Id recommend you either play with a friend watching and wait for a sell."
76561198068693256,Recommended,280320,16588719,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Zappadvocater,Ignore the reviews. Enjoyable lightweight RPG suitable for people who like that sort of thing.
,Not Recommended,280320,18046594,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,[888],"if you thinking of buying this, because you love management games, then this isn't the game for you,the game will punish us for using game feature that is supposed to be deep part of the game.which is fast forward.one of the worst punishment is that the castle is instantly destroyed, because we use too much fast forward,so have you ever heard of a management game that will punish you for using a lot fast forward ?anyway to cut short, not recommended, the dev even trying to push his own meaning of management, when i complain why am i being punished for using a lot of fast forward........sorry if my review is a mess, its because i'm not that good at words, and english is not my native language."
76561197972789957,Not Recommended,280320,14990350,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Amdirant - Kit,"I like retro styled games and this seemed like an interesting one. However, the tutorial was quite annoying, in that it's provided by the castle jester, who insists on speaking in rhymes - terrible rhymes, terrible dialogue.I then quit the game, and came back to it a few days later. Even though I'd finished the lengthy tutorial, I got another tutorial speech bubble popping up asking me to start a quest that wasn't present. In fact, no quests were present, and a lot of the functions (except hire heroes) were locked out. Literally all I could do was hire heroes and buy things - no quests could be undertaken, no time would pass, and quests are required for dungeons to be active and interactable. Auto quests required ""more of the story to be completed"" before I could do them. Long story short, the game broke in a way that made me unable to advance it in any way."
76561198134071657,Not Recommended,280320,17952583,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,CrazzyBG,OMG... next game with problem...WHERE IS RESOLUTION 4:3 Example : 1024x768 ?
76561198017635851,Not Recommended,280320,18584020,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Y.rz,"Has potential, just incredibly slow paced. Doing the dungeons manually feels like watching paint dry. Boring game."
76561198075678279,Not Recommended,280320,13365120,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,KillerBee53,"I can see the potential for this game to become great, but paying £6.99 for what it isn't worth the price.The tutorial is very choppy and at points extremely annoying. Also, the loot system doesn't seem to work properly as far as I can work out, in the Cave you get mountains of loot but it's nowhere to be seen once outside.Playing this was certainly very confusing, I recommend watching part of a playthrough before buying it."
,Not Recommended,280320,17981581,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,YzalSan,"T tried it. It was fun, but like many dungeon and adventure game, it's about Loot, Kill, and sell/buy things. The invasion feature add some cool thing but it last an eternity. I'll give another try one day, but for now, no.His low price is an good opportunity to test it. ^^"
,Recommended,280320,18395921,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Pocket,"This is another one of those games where to an extent you have to make your own fun. It can get tedious quickly otherwise. You get what you expect: you hire adventurers to go fight for you. While you actively fight using a party of 4 you can have a few groups of idle adventurers repeating quests, or you can fast forward. I found before when I played I eventually wanted to constantly fast forward. There are events that pop up that you have to attend to if you do this. All in all, I enjoy the game but I can think of why people wouldn't."
,Recommended,280320,14229169,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,DinHerio,"""Got two achievements in under 5 minutes!"" - 10/10"
,Not Recommended,280320,16540032,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pseudo,"*Adventurer Manager* is a neat idea that is unfortunately very repetitive and boring. You are a king trying to drive off an evil wizard, and you enlist a roster of heroes to save you. You level them up, manager their equipment and skills, and take them through dungeon crawls, just like you would in any other game, but instead of a handful of characters you have up to 48. There are quests you can send your characters on to level them up that run in the background, but to advance the story you do have to push the characters through dungeons in the standard RPG way. This makes it a bit of a slog. I wish the game limited the story advancement to interesting boss fights, since what I want to be doing is managing my huge roster of heroes but doing that and also running them through time consuming fights that are basically random encounters ends up feeling like a chore. More manager, less adventurer, please."
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,280320,18717574,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,AlterEgo45,"I've played this game a lot more than the .1 hours that is listed - I'm usually offline. Honestly I'm suprised this game has as many positive reviews as it has. The writing on the box clearly leads you to believe that you're getting a Tycoon game, but the actual gameplay is that of a substandard RPG. The biggest problems are:1. In order to avoid getting your towns raided, you HAVE to take charge of a party yourself and enter a dungeon. You can't just use the fast forward. But the dungeons are lame and incredibly repetitive.2. There is just too much equipment generated to keep track of it all. You'll come back from a manually run dungeon with about 40 new items. An autoadventure might get you 10. And each item has different modifiers, some of which make the item in question useless for any characters that can actually equip it. So you might have 20 characters (you can have as many as 48), and you have to manually sift through all this equipment to see if you can optimize this character or that one. It's a lot of mindless work.3. Likewise training is the same way. You're a ""manager"", but there is no quick way to sort through your characters and see what training is best for this one or that one. If I were to start a new game of this I would never have more than 12 characters at a time.Adventurer Manager pitches itself as a Tycoon style game, but the tycoon stuff like training and autoadventure is a total afterthought. If you buy this game, buy it with the idea that you're buying a JRPG with a couple of innovative features that raise the game from 'awful' to 'not very good'. Nothing more."
,Not Recommended,280320,20013849,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GeneralStatement,"More of a grindy JRPG with mediocre asthetics than a management simulator.  The UI design doesn't make it very obvious what elements of the screen you can interact with; it all just looks like a background until you hover your mouse wildly around the screen trying to find out what does what.  Dungeoneering is disorienting as the screen always scrolls right-to-left, regardless of which direction on the map you select.  Combat is very straightforward but lacks any sort of depth as options for action are rather limited.  All that said, if you can pick it up for a couple of bux it's not an absolutely terrible purchase, so long as you're really interested in seeing numbers increase."
76561198042528128,Not Recommended,280320,19989870,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GOLD MAN,An unbelievable amount of grinding and the combat does not change. Ever.
,Not Recommended,280320,18001581,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,chaplepookie,I really really want to like this game but its just not good it need a lot of poloshing up the music is horrible and there are like 3 peaking sounds and about 4 animations on the menu
,Recommended,280320,20564169,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,FatCop,This game is a very good time waster.I had a ot of fun playing this game.In this review I will be listing the pros and cons of this game.PROS:This game works on older machines.When my coputer broke this worked on my crappy windows 7 desktop from about 2006.Easy  to get into.I played this game and the toturial was not needed since I saw the style of game this was going to beA lot of diversity in play styles.On one save I have any army of me melee people and on another save I have a group of just dwarves.There are also many other classes which seem mostly original.CONS:This game is very hard and when people die you have to pay a lot of gold or leave them to rot.Gets repetitive after awhile.After 3+ hours  it gets a bit broing untill its painful to keep playing myabe its just meThis game is worth its price.
,Recommended,280320,23954260,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MadaraKeehl,"I haven't been playing this game too long but I think it's pretty fun. I almost didn't buy it because of few other reviews said it was grindy and not really a management game but I disagree. One of the things I do like about this game is that I can grind and not just manage. It would be pretty boring in my opinion if all I had to do was send my guys out and press fast forward until they come back (but that is an option so fast forward away if you want :P)I'll probably update this when I've actually done more of the story. So far all I've done was grind so ^^"" should probably work on some other things."
,Recommended,280320,29412806,Posted: 21 January,all,ed209,"Trying to keep tabs on multitudes of characters seems quite a chore and the game feels claustrophobic at first. There is a tutorial that covers the basics, though many unanswered questions remain.. a comprehensive manual is the main thing this game lacks, though otherwise it is somewhat interesting.. and fun. If you like RPG's (who doesn't), it's worth a look."
76561198337598580,Recommended,280320,29630748,Posted: 1 February,all,trAceR,"Pretty good retro game.  Has a good feel to it, missions get repetitive, but it does have good storyline."
76561198011699844,Recommended,280320,28885848,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Realdeade,"It's a basic dungeon rpg, not a manager game. But the game itself isn't bad, a little slow, but not bad."
,Recommended,280320,21154598,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BЄЄRBЄЄRØSA™,"Adventure Manager is an RPG/management sim developed by Vigilant Addiction Studios for the PC and Mac.The evil illusionist Miraj has slain the king and queen and has taken over the kingdom of Adventuria. The player is the sole heir to the royal family and must restore order by recruiting adventurers and sending them on quests.How many times have we taken up sword and shield and stormed a dungeon in the name of loot? How many dark corridors have been plumbed looking for chests? How many monsters have we fought? How many stats and skill points have we agonised over, wondering if we made the right choice? But have you ever thought it would be sort of cool to act as a manager to the people who go delving into those dungeons? Probably not, but that’s exactly what the developers of Adventurer Manager thought.You take on the role of the sole heir to the King or Queen of Adventuria, and your goal is to build up a small army of adventurers whom you can dispatch at will to tackle quests and retake the land from the evil Miraj. Despite the name of the game  you’ll actually participate in the questing often, taking a group of four heroes into deep dungeons while other parties partake in their own objectives. The first step is to go through the limited customisation options to create your wannabe ruler, a somewhat pointless step since you’ll see very little of them throughout the game.So, go go go there with your best crews and give it a try Adventure managers !!!"
,Not Recommended,280320,21301867,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Illisia,"I am really sorry, but I cannot recommend this game.First and foremost because it is falsely titled. There is no real ""management"" here at all.Secondly, because of a huge, game-ruining bug that keeps coming back to haunt me... If you venture away from the Tutorial for even the tiniest reason, things will go wrong, and the game will become practically unplayable ad you must restart.Examples:- For my first play-through I ventured from the Tutorial by not accepting the Quest it asked me to accept. I wanted to explore the town! But alas, because of this choice, neither the aforementioned Quest, nor any others, were then available. I had to restart.- My second play-through I tried to avoid that fault but found another. The Tutorial told me to do an ""Auto Quest"" and when my Adventurers were done, it told me to click the ""Portal"". I decided I wanted to scroll through the information from their quest and look at their character information first. My mistake... Now there is NO WAY what-so-ever to bring my adventurers back from their, you know, adventure! So I have four useless characters now.I MIGHT retry one more time... Possibly... But I truly should not have to obide by the Tutorial one-hundred percent without game errors. ESPECIALLY since it forces you to do this every. single. time. So if you want to play through the full game again and again with different characters, etc, think again. Unskippable, lengthy, buggy, boring Tutorial.I hope they fix this, because I WAS enjoying it!"
76561198025376643,Recommended,280320,21687935,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Little Phoenix,"So this is a fun wast of time. The game requires some work and while invasions do occur and their tough (even though the developer is apparently working on this), theres a lot of random things to do. You can either manually send off a group of heroes and focus on certain ones in a quest, or put effort into gathering goods (it all depends on how lazy you are) by taking them in a dungeon yourself.Early on I found it best to filter things and focus on only giving certain stat based items to heroes.  As much as a 20 armour is useful to a barbarian, a armour with 5 defence turns out better if it has something like 20+ strength then one with none.  To this end, you can throw 95% of the gear to the blacksmith and be done with it.  And to be honest, thats best done... If the balancing thin was fixed this would be a better sweet game.I did note if a hero dies on an invasion mission and you abandon it you loose the hero forever, I don't know if this is a bug or meant to occur but it can be fustratinng.  Especially with the forementioned problems with balance.  You can portal out but you still can't resurrect the fallen guy/girl."
,Recommended,280320,23147158,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,One Crazy Ass Moose,"It was fun, but needs more content."
76561198122622194,Not Recommended,280320,23352110,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,first class passenger,"Terrible.Wrinse and Repeat.Doesn't save hours, not that you'd want it to.Luckily I got a coupon for it, when it was onsale, still a waste of a few cents."
,Recommended,280320,9916075,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,...,I'm definitely enjoying the game from what I've played. I'm hoping to see more content in the future for it. $5 definitely a buy.
,Recommended,280320,9921781,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Jon44,Create a King/Hire Adventurers.Raid Dungeons/Get Loot.Customize Party/Grow Kingdom.Retro Style!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWECfQ59axI
,Recommended,280320,9963242,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Lord Nonsense,"I must say that I am enjoying this game very mucheven at this stage it tops most of the 'Finished' and released titles here on steam.I personally can't wait for some more polish on this gama,I suggest you focus a bit more on the UI to give better information for the player !Keep it up Vigilant Addiction Studios, your on the right path :)"
76561198008968667,Recommended,280320,12495362,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Frankencastle,"This game is an ugly chick with a great personality, the graphics sure aint skyrim or even FF VII but its great fun. id do her o.0"
76561197967264082,Not Recommended,280320,13258285,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,TheWorthlessFellow,"Its a fun game and can really fill a craving for a casual stat-builder and loot hoarding game.  But do not confuse this with a release quality game.  You will encounter bugs and some features will not work.  I bought this game to have fun, not to beta-test for the devs.  I am on the fence for how to reccomend this game, it is fun, but buggy enough that it is just depressing.  Most of the bugs I have found really speak to very poor quality programming.  For example, the wrong background will load in a town, or a cooldown reduction upgrade will actually increase the cooldown timer, or buttons will just disapear untill you restart the game, or tool-tips will not not update as you scroll across your items, or when you defend for a second turn in a row you just pass your turn without recieving any defense bonus.  All things considered those are relatively minor impacts on the game, but thier bug reporting forum is dead and I really fear there is little hope for anything being fixed.  If I can find all this in 3 hours, just what else is lurking further into the game?"
76561197990947703,Not Recommended,280320,13264267,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dismiss,"By 'pixel graphics' they mean all the textures were authored in MSPaint. Everything looks horribly upsampled unless by trial and error you pick w/e the games native resolution is, which will probably be half the size of your monitor. Obnoxious sound effects that must have been scrapped off the internet somewhere without any volume equalization. UI looks like it came from a Getting Started with Unity tutorial.Probably my own fault for seeing 'mostly positive' and not watching the video. I was excited to see this since I have been kicking around an 'Adventurer Manager' game of my own for a while. Unfortunately this game isn't even really that. How can it be a 'manager' game when you tell each hero what attack to make against each enemy each round of combat. And by combat I mean the most basic standard turn-based line up and take turns punching kind of combat that might as well be final fantasy 1 on original nintendo, except that had better graphics and ui than this."
76561198106941165,Not Recommended,280320,11736940,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ralphelaine8,"played the game for about 9 hours.  Too slow and boring, drawn out combat.  Won't be re-installing."
76561198003585036,Recommended,280320,13286582,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sphinx,Awesome RPG game.
76561198007283050,Not Recommended,280320,10259266,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kalanar,"Let this one cook a little longer. Maybe it will turn out good.There is too much waiting around in this game. Auto quest timers and the god awful travel time between rooms. Really need to shorten this time. And while you're at it, speed up the combat too. I'm falling asleep playing this game!"
76561198032826666,Recommended,280320,14195210,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,angelleorin,Pretty entertaining game.Lots of loot...LOTS OF LOOT!!!
76561198061764893,Not Recommended,280320,11308290,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,KABOOM!!BABY,"The game is epicly boring, needs more interesting stuff than just grinding for levels"
76561198067962078,Not Recommended,280320,10200426,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Pony Montana,This slap-dash assortment of programming barely functions and can be hardly described as a game.  Do not purchase unless you have a dire need to rid yourself of all disposable income.
,Not Recommended,280320,23779636,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nil,The inventory system sucks all the fun.
,Not Recommended,280320,13914769,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Svalbaz,"I would not recommend this game in it's current state. Perhaps when the Developers work on it at some length it could be a really nice game that serves a distinct niche. However for now I would have to advise you stay away, or at least wait for it to be on Sale and then make your own mind up.Some of the sore points;*It tries to be funny, however it falls so insanely short. It's about as funny as the US version of the inbetweeners.*Ridiculous tutorial that lasts a long time which you can't skip (Even if you've already gone through it on one of your other saves).*Terribly thought out Fantasy world (Adventuria) it required about as much thought as when I was deciding on what to have for breakfast this morning (..I skipped breakfast for those who were interested).Some of the good points;*There were very few bugs.*Makes me realise all you need to create graphics for video games is Microsoft Paint.*Interesting mechanic to improve your hero's skills, I like the idea very much.*Varied selection of Hero classes.In the future this game would benefit from implementing the following features;*Ability to edit the place names, I don't want to be the King of Dwarfia or the Regent of Elflandia or the Grand Giant Svalbaz of Giantia.*Ability to implement my own.*Development on the lore of the world. Nobody would ever get invested in a world as shallow as this."
76561198005500722,Recommended,280320,13533255,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,enchanic,Really fun game either as a game to play inbetween or a massive time sink.The developers also listen to the community really well and update the game accordingly
76561198077102163,Recommended,280320,14451164,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lion,its awesome.
,Not Recommended,280320,15110996,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,CyberInfantry,This is a mobile game.  I'm not sure why it is in the Steam store.  Wish I had known.
76561197970846477,Not Recommended,280320,13445651,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nowhere,If you think this game is something like Majesty series because 'manager' on it name. You are dead wrong.This game have zero 'manager' element.Alway get my towns raze cuz dev stupid idea. 1/10
76561197977763946,Recommended,280320,13470439,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kerensky,+
,Recommended,280320,13889883,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hieko,"pretty good game so far, steady updates are exciting!"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,280320,14304137,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"Just another rpg, the manager word on the title is just to make it looks different but its equal to others."
,Not Recommended,280320,26507171,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Snow,"Really annoying game, Cant be bothered to read all the junk. You can play this game really fast just by clicking everything and just waiting. Not really a game i would recommend to annoyone."
76561198031294251,Recommended,280320,14174253,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TK0_Tsunami,"Great,fun,and definately unique."
,Recommended,280320,19353071,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,BMK3000,N/A review under review
76561198005894566,Recommended,280320,33026091,Posted: 29 June,all,BoxingBud,So it's not this epic rpg my any means but for the price? Certainly worth it.
,Recommended,280320,23682964,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,a kitten,"I had fun with Adventurer Manager (AM). It reminded me a lot of Darkest Dungeon, but AM is a lot lighter for if you don't feel like the dark and sometimes depressing tone you get with Darkest Dungeon. It scratched a gaming itch I'd had for a while, and it was quite fun. The tone's deliberately lighthearted and funny, so it worked great for me as a follow-up to having just finished playing something much more serious.It's complex in that you can make a lot of choices (e.g. which of your adventurers to send to university and what they'll each study when they're there; equipment choices; how to put your party together / what talents to give them; and so on), but it's not overly *complicated*.It is a little clunky in places, with some of the UI being a little less usable than other bits. But all in all, I found I could work out the UI if needed, and given it's an indie game I somewhat anitipate dealing with the fact that not everything is slick yet.One thing I'd like to see is some work going into your overall list of adventurers. Not very long into the game, I had about 12 adventurers. I found it tedious to click through them all one at a time to find the one I wanted, and this was not helped by the fact that I found the adventurers hard to distinguish sometimes (please can we have some names that are different to the rest  and not one letter different from many other names -- yes, I know I could rename them, but I was playing this to chill and I take hours to name one character). So, if we could perhaps have tabs on the adventurers list box? Either to see adventurers split up by their class (one tab = one class), or a tab for each and every adventurer (which might get a bit unusable if you have a lot of adventurers, of course). Or some kind of filtering options on the list of adventurers. Basically, devs, please play with different options so that I don't just have to scroll through them one at a time.Would I recommend this game? Yes.Do I expect to go back to it? Yes, at some point.*Do not* go into it expecting miracles. It aims to be fun, light-hearted, and at its core, a manager-style game. The adventuring itself is very basic and old school, so if you go into it expecting it to be hugely innovative you're going to be disappointed. But if you want to micromanage adventurers in order to save the kingdom, give this one a punt.(Last note: devs, when I tried this game I was hoping it would be like the garrison sub game in WoW, which I really liked but am not going to login to WoW just for that. AM sort of was, but it really wasn't quite there. I think the questing was the main thing. I liked sending teams of carefully selected adventurers (with different traits) off and then having them return with shinies sometime later, while that also levelled them up -- I don't really want to be doing the dungeons manually. I don't know if you want to take this comment on board and think about going in that direction a bit more -- some people did really like garrisons)."
76561198005732349,Not Recommended,280320,9993520,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,TheProfileth,"One of the LEAST fun games I have ever played, it is effectively a boring WAITING SIMULATOR with slow, dated, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rpg elements and limited game options. Do not pay for this crappy mobile game masquerading as a ""retro rpg"" avoid at all costsFinal score 1/10"
76561197970900157,Not Recommended,280320,13186687,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,beomike,Game started out fun and enjoyable and has progressively gotten worse.  Not worth even playing anymore.  2/5
,Recommended,280320,13964011,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,(((Semyon The Great))),"First I thought this is a casual gaym, but then I realized how it reminds me of my 9/11 experience, where part of my family died of lung cancer"
76561198061156671,Not Recommended,280320,11672740,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HellsJewel,"Unless the graphics are cleaned up a bit this review will not change. The pixel effect is too much in this game. After playing for just a few minutes it gives me a headache, also the interface is not intuative at all."
,Not Recommended,280320,17787183,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dumb Quixote,Become less of a manger and more of a turntaker ZZZzzzz.... turn based combat over an over again...!!This game fales to even be more fun then manage my game librery in Steem...
76561198133856451,Recommended,280320,13899654,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Pixen,Its a good game.
,Not Recommended,280320,15414419,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Geofferic,"Any time you need to actually do the adventuring yourself, the game comes to a complete stop.  That aspect is not only very slow and tedious, it's not in the slightest bit interesting.The UI needs a major overhaul.  Way too much clicking.There's a big imbalance in macro vs micro, in that it's a game about macro management, but then in unusual aspects you are micro managing like mad.Overall a fun concept, but poorly executed."
,Recommended,280320,19192419,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sansy Boi # TheUnderfag,k
,Not Recommended,280320,19862975,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Seneschul,"Mixed feelings.The idea is fun.The first few hours of play are fun.Unfortunately, the enemies quickly out-pace you for health and damage.Other bugs abound, too. Constantly having adventuerers disapear from the lists.They're not adventuring - they are poofed. I have to restart the game to fix this.Maybe it'll get patched and get better.Edit: Devs are apperantly paying some attention and were already thinking about modding the tutorial/patching more bugs. Will update review pending those changes. Read below for more.Edit: Dev believes his tutorials adequately cover the scenarios I complained about and that my reading is subpar. Take of that what you will.Edit: Google ""Sim Hero"" for a different, less buggy take on being king/queen/giving adventurers orders. Way better."
76561198084066359,Recommended,280320,9919571,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,dragontus10112000,great game so far looking forward to more.
76561198035677313,Not Recommended,280320,10002554,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Toran,"Adventurer Manager is a game that promises you laughs, nostalgia, and...wait, 'was' there even anything else? While I have only played the game for a short time I have already become quite bored of it, and that is never a good sign in a video game. Now, granted it is Early Access but this doesn't protect it from any criticism aimed at its current build and as of the time of this review I would have to give this game a solid DO NOT BUY. Now here is why:AM promises you many adventures to go on and to run dungeons with various parties of adventurers. While this is true, what it chooses not to tell you is that many, and I mean MANY, of these adventures you actually get no direct involvment in. In most cases you simply accept the quest and send your little minions off to do the task for you for about half a minute while you decide to go back to talking to your friends while it finishes up. What did I just mean? Yes, that most of this promised content is much in the likes of a cow-clicker, meaning you set it to go and come back later when the game finishes it for you. Sounding fun yet? No? Well how about...Five minutes into the game you hit a sudden spike in difficulty. Yes, five minutes. After doing the first three or so 'tutorial' quests (which actually do its bare minimum to explain anything about the mechanics of the game itself) you run into a quest that is impossible to complete without first doing a few of the 'auto-complete' quests. Immediately I found myself second-guessing just how much of this 'game' I will be playing myself as opposed to the game doing it for me then congratulating me for being an obedient little boy who waited so patiently for the Master AM to finish up whatever it was doing offscreen. So what do you think of it now? What? You still don't like the sound of it? Let me try again...EDITED (As of May 2, 2014): I had originally believed there was no keyboard functionality in the game, but turns out there is some within the runable dungeons where you can use the number keys to select your skills. It is still the only place to have keyboard functionality, which is very weird. END EDITThere is almost no keyboard functions for the game (I would know, I mashed every button to see if anything would happen). Now this just makes no sense. Why would a PC only title have no concern for the main component of a PC, that being the keyboard? Well, an interesting little comment from your 'helper', the Jester, made me realize why. When I had visited the Skills tab of one of my adventurers, mind you by random wandering to figure out what kind of 'customization' there really was for the poor saps, he had made mention of 'tapping' the screen. Tapping. Sorry. What? I'd love to say I spent the next ten minutes poking my screen just for the sake of comical effect here, but I knew better than to do something like that. It hit me, this game was 'not' designed for PC, at least not from the start. From its auto-complete missions, to minimalist appearence, to a near lack of sound quality or even just interesting sounds, to the fact there is no keyboard control, this game was designed for a tablet.Now you must be looking at me like I'm crazy or something, don't worry I give the mirror the same look every day but it doesn't seem to help in any way. Why would a game just switch to PC? Honestly, I have no personal idea and really don't care, but the evidence is still quite clear. Just look at any video covering this game by now, does it 'really' look like it was originally intended as a PC game? Its funny, but this wouldn't bother me one bit if the developers had bothered to actually change how the game ran depending on what device they wished to release it on. But they didn't, instead they decided to release the title into Early Access on Steam without the slightest care in the world to make it run better on a different platform, and for that I am sorely disappointed.So finally, I leave with one last word. AM is a shoddy piece as of this moment. Promising you the moon when simply handing you a rock and asking you to simply believe it came from the celestial body it had said it would give you. For all you know that rock could just be the mummified remains of a cat's 'delivery' to the litterbox. AM is boring, fails to meet its promises even from the start, and hopes you'll simply look away because its super cheap and tries to make you laugh (by the way, random sentences isn't funny, and that's what most of this game's 'humor' consists of.). Well I say no, and I hope you will, too. Stay away from AM. As of right now its just a dressed up Cow-Clicker in the form of high-fantasy fart jokes."
76561198015590225,Not Recommended,280320,10003892,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,2Greasy,Big time Snoozer. Too many automated quests
76561197977946719,Not Recommended,280320,10058720,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,brianwilson451,"Terrible... no direction, weak dynamics... the only excuse is early access, but early access at least implies a semi-usable product. Don't waste your money."
76561198024517479,Not Recommended,280320,13222663,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kittymewmewmew,Very slow pace and little to do while you are waiting for the quests to get done.
,Recommended,280320,13966147,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ObsiEez,"Hi My name's Jeff.I bought Adventurer Manager.My first character I got randomly named Jeff, so this game is off to a great start.Goes Heroic on tutorial.Jeff was killed by Tutorial.10/10 Would Jeff again"
76561198066784627,Recommended,280320,9934814,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,neoman320,theres a bug where the quest timer count down goes into the negitaves and keeps going....thats annoying
76561198171684083,Not Recommended,280320,15733832,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pinkie Pie,Not a casual game.
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,280320,21632167,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"Generic, uninteresting, uneventfull. With some game breaking bugs and others not so much game breaking, but still annoying.Stay clear."
,Recommended,280320,21822634,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,a noogie with a boogie,manage ur adventures
76561198048418886,Recommended,280320,23701290,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FlameWizard,Good Game
,Recommended,280320,16707020,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AxiomExotic,i liek when da lewt sprays all over me it makes me feel gud
76561197994049945,Not Recommended,280320,24918323,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Creamy Goodness,"http://store.steampowered.com/app/262060/Believe me, its worth more than 5 times the price of this game"
76561198085018382,Not Recommended,280320,14101109,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cosper_daniel,"Game is just for the friends of the developers to play, you already have to have a deep understanding of the game to complete the level 3 quest, when, and if you have a problem and want to complain, you had better do so as sweetly as possible, or these guys will remove your right of free speech and keep your money."
76561198048880758,Not Recommended,280320,15487465,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Yield,One of the worst game ever made.
76561198147640386,Recommended,280320,30437881,Posted: 10 March,all,Chen,When you control the hero rather than being the one: huehuehue
76561197987772532,Not Recommended,280320,32191581,Posted: 4 June,all,sensej.pl,Too much micro managing ... dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,280320,11941461,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Corrosion,wtf did i buy this game for?!
76561198017436910,Not Recommended,280320,12627818,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Chilltronic,"Ehhhhhhhhh I just can't get past the silly forced humor, not my style.  This might be a great game, but I'll never know, because the dialog just annoys me to no end, and there is too much of it."
76561197974341320,Recommended,280320,9914206,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,navymason,"Awesome, funny game. love it!"
,Recommended,280320,14472309,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,charliechuckleberry,"=================================================3rd Review on 12/30/2015, which was years after beating the game=================================================I'm going to recommend this game for it's current price right now, Dec.30, 2015 for $2.50.  I mean that's a killer deal for any game.  Anyhow, I grinded this game for hours and hours...  No, the truth is that I was watching TV while pressing a single button the entire time for free cheap XP and loots.I'm still not happy that the Endless Tower turned into a DLC, but what evs.., but remember a long time ago I paid $10 for this game, I checked my purchase history and I'm pretty sure that was the 50% off sale.  Meaning the original price was $19.99.  So, you are getting a huge deal and who cares about the DLC.  The price is so much more cheaper now.This game gets 4.5 out of 10 stars.=================================================2nd Review a long time ago=================================================I finally beat the game, and I believe my biggest motivation was to show [VA]Strikes that I could clear the game 13 levels below the mobs I was fighting.  I have no idea what the max level is for these characters.I had the most fun after figuring out how the crafting system worked.  Having the best crafted gear pretty much means the most between failure and success.   Before crafting gear, my teams were gaining a weak amount of XP per kill.  After crafting my teams were leveling up multiple times in dungeons because of the XP bonus of killing higher level monsters.I made a playlist showing my progress, some of it contains ""spoilers"":You must copy and past this to see theplaylist---------------------------https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDlFimmZXpM&list=PLJqoU7EItaZd2yU-_heaTswwuYmmvERFt&index=10====================================================Original Review on Feb 14th, after ~40 hours played====================================================I really wanted to like this game.  I loved the old school Bards Tale II style from the 1980's.PROS: Extremely interesting items (RNG stats), unique items, craftable items with RNG stats, group combat(4), MANY classes and some are earned, Some corny dialogCONS: Grind from Level 15 to 39 is way too long and is pure repetition of doing the exact same thing for what seems like 40 hours (WOW, I'm not max level but can't play this game unless I'm watching TV and totally ignoring it.  All I click is button 1, 1,1 ,1 ,1,1,1,1,1,1,,1,,1,,1,1,1,1,1,  I'm not exaggerating, I don't even look at the screen).   Not enough item space (200 is way too small for over 20-30 toons), too many useless abilities, too many overpowered abilities (just no balance), overpowered classes, useless support classes.  I think support classes need to be upgraded or increase group size to make a spot for them.  I have come across some minor bugs (some time stopping bug for invasion danger warning, or during an invasion; they need to add a automatic portal out when a auto adventure group is out of endurance because they die.  This is just silly because the game glitched for me once, and went from 1000 to 0 in a split second killing my entire group.)  I have already uploaded several of these bugs on youtube.  Most of the bugs are graphics related only.I'm still playing, I reserve the right to change this review in the future."
76561198049412866,Not Recommended,280320,21073382,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Niriel,"Other reviewers have already mentioned that, in this ""Adventurer Manager"" game, you do not actually manage adventurers.  There are also reviews mentioning the clumsy UI is, and the terrible effect that nearest-neighbor interpolation has on the pixelated graphics in full-screen, especially on the text which becomes barely readable.I'll chime in to mention that I felt shame when my girlfriend was standing behind me, reading over my shoulder.  The writing of the game is...  let's call it uninspired.  Starting a fantasy game with a Star-Wars-like intro of yellow scrolling text entitled ""Episode 1: a new pope"" is not funny, not witty.  It's out of place, it's cheap, you have not demonstrated yet that you had a humor of your own, and making random pop-culture references and gratuitious play-on-words (is there even a pope in the story?) does not make your text funny.Then comes a Jester, whose first sentence means ""I usually rhyme, but I won't rhyme this time because tutorial is important"".  What I understand from that is that whenever the jester rhymes, he's not saying anything worth listening to.  Why even bother?I agree with the other negative reviews, I wanted to add my own feeling about the writing."
76561198147691642,Not Recommended,280320,21086632,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,"Richard ""Slick Dick"" Tortellini","The waiting ""mechanic"" is a piece of crapyou may not think it is that bad but you have to be IN GAME for the timer to actually go down.DONT WAIST YOU HARD EARNED MONEY"
,Not Recommended,280320,21021472,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Snake,"Pros:- Pixel Graphics- Cool ConceptCons:- Graphic Scaling doesn't work well (in either direction)- UI leaves much to be desired- Uses bad fonts- Why does the sound and music seem so horrible?- Seemingly more turn based mechanics over managing groups of adventurersI really wanted to like this game. I want to say that the problems I'm having with the game will hopefully go away in time as the new developer works on the project.As others have mentioned in their reviews the pixelated graphics do not scale well to any resolution changes that I can find. The UI is a hot mess of busyness, bad fonts and horrible layouts. The game seems to be more about turn-based RPG mechanics than managing adventures. I actively hate the soundtrack which is odd because the music in the trailers made it seem good.TL;DR: My only happiness from writing this is knowing that at least I didn't pay full price for this somewhat flawed game. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,280320,21141558,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SimianPirate,"It's more of an RPG, with very little in the way of time management. The first part of the game is heavily scripted, with ample bugs (including deleting your entire party, not being able to resurrect anyone, etc) if you stray from the poorly defined ""Golden Path""."
,Not Recommended,280320,20803992,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Draco,"Really, really boring."
,Recommended,280320,20833668,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,[TI] Ajf151,"It's a very simple loot-driven rpg.  Being able to customize more than one party is a lot of fun, even if most classes only have one (mabe two) good builds and roles. The layers of gameplay make it pretty fun. The lowest levels are a lot like a much more forgiving version of Darkest Dungeon. Beyond that, you have your different parties developing at different speeds and in different ways, sending them on automatic adventures you don't control so that they gather loot and experience for you while you play another team. The university system has potential, but it's too expensive and expansive. It's generally best to just train each character's main stat over and over, if the character is worth it. The world layer gives you towns and invasions, and a quest line that develops as your ""army"" does. In all, it's very basic, but there is enough depth to have fun."
76561198037500921,Not Recommended,280320,21435945,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,No Pugga,I really wanted to like this but the inventory system is painful
76561197969898588,Not Recommended,280320,21398246,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,shadow_otm,"After having put some time in it I can't really reccomend it.  It's not that it's -bad- but it really don't do anything I would consider unique and it quickly can feel tedious, especially with the issue of gear.  You have to micro-manage gear on a large group of characters, and you have to pay attention to the gear since far too often you get Int and Wis on gear that only a Str user needs.  Gear just feels a mess and the most tedious part of this game.  If they had cleaned up the system, maybe even had less stats to worry about, then I could consider reccomending it."
76561198168898949,Recommended,280320,21284706,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,reb2140560,A good form of entertainment worth the price.  I can definitely say that I got my money's worth of fun out of this game.
,Recommended,280320,34784529,Posted: 6 September,all,bloter6,"A decidedly okay game.  Low replayability once you beat it, but worth the time put in.  The tower DLC makes you easily overpowered, and it would be nice to have a bit more management and a bit less adventurer."
