user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,280360,17116882,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ginja,"I'm not sure how I feel about Interstellaria. I want to like it. For years I've been looking for a subsequent continuation of Star Control 2's Gameplay (one of my favorite games of all time), and while this comes close, it's suffering from several small issues and 1 massive issue.I'm 8 hours in, and I've literally explored the entire universe. That leaves a bad taste in my mouth. That should not happen in a game that allows you to freely travel an entire universe. There are too many planets with nothing to do on them, and there's too much space on the map that is just empty. No planets have moons, no planets circle a sun,every star system is 1 planet, there is no variation in gravity from planet to planet, but there are temperature ""biomes"" that encompass an entire planet, there are no gas giants, or variations of types of planets either, no satellites, no leftover or abandoned tech, nothing, just lots of nothing on a planetary scale, no planetary info, no day/night cycles, just a static marble in the vast emptiness.Save yourself the money and go play Star Control 2 (also known as Ur-Quan Masters), which is from the 1990s, free, is better than Mass Effect (yes I said that), and even has voice acting.Developers of Interstellaria...Allow players to make hotkeys of crew members/management for easier control and selection.Allow players to make hotkeys of ships in their fleet, just like any RTS game.Allow players to save what crew members man what stations and tie that to a single button for ease of use.Fix the enemy AI, as the game is too easy to play through. I can literally fight anything with 1 ship (that is 1 step removed from the starting ship) and win without being touched. I can also fight anything with 3 crew members with a basic pistol and kill them with ease.Adjust the weapon systems to be able to fire alternately, tie it to a key, and create a button to fire them all - just look at FTL for christ sake.Add a timeline system for the universe to change as time passes. Make those influence circles increase, shrink, or move as territories change hands between races, or just have the circles change size based on which race is winning more fleet fights.Allow more conversations to take place in space between friend and foe alike, hostile ships never open up hailing frequencies, and I have NOT ONCE found a use for hailing a ship as friendly ships auto-hail you, and enemy ships never accept your hails - why is this button in the game?I see you've included a fast forward button because you realized how much waiting was involved in the ground/exploration systems - while I appreciate that, that's a bad design sign from step 1. If you need it, that speaks volumes for your design choice from the drawing board.I can keep going. I have a degree in this field and have worked on AAA titles. I want to like this game, but it isn't done, there's too much emptiness to it, and there's so much more that could be done."
,Not Recommended,280360,17104562,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,theohn,"well then- There are very few ships.- no form of auto save- frequent crashing (see no auto save)- taking off resets the map, all resources, enemies, and quest items are put back in place this would be less irritating if so many quests did not require returning to the same map.- plot is nothing like what is advertised its a linner plot with little content- poor user interface- resource gathering involves sitting and staring at the screen.- healing characters involves sitting and staring at the screen.- travel involves sitting and staring at the screen.- most of the games time in fact is spent waiting for time to pass. actual gameplay is brief and far spread out.- many, many bugs (but hay they may get fixed)- poor ai pathfinding.I want to like the game, however it feels quite short on content, has no replayability, and is to short on any actual gameplay for me."
,Recommended,280360,17120858,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Gabeux,"This game was on my ""wait list"" for a long while - since they announced its Kickstarter.I was not a backer, nor a Early Access founder - I have been burned by enough EA projects by now, so I rather buy things on release. And that's what I did with Interstellaria.Before I get any more personal, I'll review the game for you for what it is.It's important to start with what this game is and what this game isn't - as appearances can crush many expectations!-SPACE. The final frontier. Or is it?In Interstellaria, you control a fleet of up to 5 ships along with the big crew to man all the stations, in adventures across the galaxy.WHAT IS INTERSTELLARIA? Better described as Very Lite FTL [Faster Than Light, game] meets Very Lite Starbound.Tactical Space Combat with planetside exploration and combat with away teams, with infinite amounts of nostalgia - all made, for the most part, by the hands of a single person.What Interstellaria isn't: IT IS -NOT- a complete dynamic sandbox of procedural exploration.In summary, Interestallaria is completely linear and static. For example:- Economy: goods are always in full supply in Planet A, and always in full demand at Planet B. No price fluctuations. No economy.- Simulation-wise: Space Combat encounters are random and have no influence on the game universe. Same can be said by Ground Combat - mob spawns are fixed and always respawned after leaving and reentering the same planet.- Story-wise: There's a single ending and there's no decisions to be made - the story is linear and directed.Therefore, mind your expectations before buying!The CONTROL SCHEME is straightforward, with hotkeys for all screens. Right-Click usually involves moving around and assigning orders, left-click usually examines or sets a target (in space combat). The INTERFACE is easy to use and understand, and brings much nostalgia.GRAPHICS and SOUND are amazing. It's a 10/10 in my book. If you like chiptune, you'll probably want to acquire the soundtrack. And again, the graphics bring much delicious nostalgia for those who either played or watched someone playing Space DOS games back in the 90's.CONTENT, STORY and EXPLORATION are rather limited, even though the game might take the ""default"" 15-20 hours to complete and explore. This is where Interestellaria gets weird and easy to criticize: you'd expect much more from a ""Fully Explorable Galaxy"". Not only that, but ALL LANDABLE PLANETS have ""Breathable Atmospheres"" - there's ZERO Survival or Life Support component in the game. Even though there's a in-game/in-universe explanation for that, it feels really cheap and left out.The plot itself is good and interesting enough, but there's too little universe lore to support anything more than that. And the lack of different endings or actual choices throws the opportunity of a real ""Space Epic"" experience down the drain.This doesn't mean that the game isn't OPEN WORLD. You are free to forget about the plot and explore the available universe, trade and build your fleet at any time. I actually got my Kurshan Cruiser as soon as I could, and then I followed the story.CUSTOMIZATION and MICROMANAGEMENT is existant to a certain extent in the game:- RACES: You choose which race to recruit for your crew, and some races might have constraints applied to them. Bashiens, for instance, don't wear armor. Some kinds of robots never level up, while Drones do. Whatever other variables, though, is not exposed by the game. So I don't know if humans gain XP faster and Kurshans deal more melee damage, etc.- TRAITS: Your crew can also pick up traits, which is a very interesting system to have. However, most traits are bad or silly. And by the end of my game, everyone who could have a negative Gathering trait, had it.- CREW CUSTOMIZATION: You can choose which equipment to put on the Helmet, Armor, Legs, Weapon and Augmentation slots of your crew. There are certain ""Vanity"" items dropped by mobs, which is a nice touch.- AUGMENTATIONS: Make characters even more unique - some augmentations simply give more health, others might be weirder and make your crewman shoot lasers. Still, there's a lack of variety here, and augmentations are rather hard and rare to come by.- SHIP CUSTOMIZATION: You can pick which modules and levels for each ship station, and where they'll be positioned on the ship. This is really cool, since you can tailor ships for different roles - you can even crew a ship only with robots to save space and time! Further Ship customization would help make ships really unique, though.- SHIP EQUIPMENT: There's a decent amount of weapons, and each race specialize in a different weapon types.- CREW MANAGEMENT: You can assign crew for different stations, or order them to eat, have fun, sleep or heal. If a crewman is not allocated to any station, he'll take care of his needs himself - but if left unwatched while allocated, he might leave your command next time you land..which makes it rather frustrating. Therefore, currently, Crew Management is rather weird and unwiedly. It's manageable with a single organic-crewed ship, but needs improvement. (My solution to ignore micromanaging issues was to crew my other ships with robots).- This might be a good time to warn you: there's NO CRAFTING in the game.SPACE COMBAT is not as complex and chaotic as FTL, but is very fun and cool in its own way. You actually move your ship around in a screen, and can dodge and position yourself at will. Taking hull damage might cause hull breaches, damage ship stations or cause fires. There's NO BOARDING mechanic in the game, which is rather disappointing.Currently, Space Combat is too easy and has no variety, unfortunately.GROUND COMBAT is simple, but needs improvement. Right-clicking a target will give a single move/attack order to your crew, who might stop attacking after the first blow, or not. Pressing G or clicking the Guard button will make your crew automatically attack nearby enemies, which makes it much easier and faster, but your crew can still stop attacking the target. The bosses are actually surprising, but usually the low ammo capacity forces you to fall back to the ship to resupply and heal before a boss fight, which feels cheap, completely breaks immersion and makes the game lose all of its character.REPLAYABILITY is probably null. I've finished the game, got all the achievements, and there's no point to replay the game - unless a big content update hits us.CONVENIENCE is bad in this game. Menus don't use the mouse wheel, trading goods requires you to single-click for each item unit, transferring power between the ship's systems will have you click multiple times for each energy unit, you can't access you ship's cargo hold while landed, and there's NO AUTOSAVE at all in the game. Therefore, most things that can be boring for the player, will be. At least ""Harvesting"" is automated - but it can largely be ignored by trading instead.About BUGS and ISSUES: Post-launch, players had many problems, ranging from simple UI issues and typos, to save-game corrupting bugs. I managed to finish the game without major issues, even though I had to reload a few times and probably lost one or two hours with that. Constant saving is necessary.It's important to note, however, that the developer released two patches in two days - on the same day of release - and through the weekend.CONCLUSION:There's a lot of bad inside and around Interstellaria - there's no denying. No matter how much you want to love the game, you'll probably end up hating on it instead.But that's when you have to remember what the game is: a linear, static, light hybrid space adventure game that costs 10 USD, made by a single person.I've reached my word limit, so I'll end by saying I actually enjoyed it, and smiled at the end - the galaxy is saved, and mankind is, once again, free and safe. Or is it?Mixed Feelings alright. :)"
,Not Recommended,280360,17100346,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kabbin,"This game, while gorgeous and interesting on the outside, suffers from awful bugs (including achievements being broken and crew members getting stuck on stairs). I can only pray that Chucklefish gets these guys to fix the game. Then they can fix Starbound.TL;DR - Interesting concept that will not tickle your Terraria/Starbound itch. Poor design choices and rough presentation.Pros?- Awesome pixel art.- Charming attempt at customization.- Interesting space combat that you can definately get absorbed into.- Real exploraton that functions as a method of earning money and supplies.- Very simple.- Hands free function on exploration.Cons?- Outside of space combat, there is nothing that's intriguing.- Huge amounts of time spent feeling like you're AFK. Until pathing is broken. And then you're annoyed about that.- Money is easy to find. Planets are farmable and I have not once seen where Valuable Metals or something has not been in demand in the HQ. This makes buying ships and crew far too easy.- Clunky UI. UI windows that interact with eachother horribly. (Two menus up? You just hit the menu behind the one you wanted to.)- Annoying bugs. Like randomly generated astroids that are generated so that you cannot get back to your ship.- Bugs. Like the kind where mapping where certain crew members.. ahem.. most crewmembers need you to physically walk them up stairs or jumps.- Like a lot of bugs. A little less with the new update.- Hands free fuction on exploration. Crew members die. All the time.Conclusion?: Starbound exists. FTL exists. They both do what this game intends to do better. Play those instead.EDIT: Chucklefish isn't the dev for this game, silly. Added some more pros and cons. WIll continue to update as game is updated, unless it isn't. Steam might be seeing an influx of return requests soon. Lol.EDIT II: I'm getting comments that make it seem as though people are misconstruding the fact that I am not  reviewing a triple A title for an article on Destructoid or something. I am going on the information that I acquired through nothing but my gameplay experience. Just as 90% of consumers do. This is a user review. If you're looking for a college length essay, perhaps look elsewhere, as there isn't enough about this game to go into immense detail. I added some more discussion about bugs, but I won't be updating further. As I hear of bug fixes I might. We'll see.EDIT III: I've been told to revisit some of the points I made. As someone else has stated, Steam gives me the option to either negatively or positively rate this game. There is no ""circumstantially"" button next to ""Do you reccommend this game?"" However, that is indeed my true answer. This game is fun and interesting but poor design choices caused it to royally flop. I enjoyed that sapce combat was simple and floaty. I did not like that when I was out of space combat there was cirtually nothing to do.See my cons section. A series of nitpicks, maybe. But you would most likely have the same issues with the game as well.I bought this game for myself and a friend. I was excited to play and I went into it with an open-mind. I'm just looking to save you your money on a game that isn't worth your time.I did do some rewording and spelling error fixes though. < 3"
76561198117824034,Recommended,280360,17097120,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,HungryWalrus,"An absolutely fantastic example of an indie game. Taking place in a sector  of space inhabited by many unique species, you will play the role of a freelance trader/explorer/bounty hunter/whatever you want. It's a very charming game, with humor littering it's light hearted universe. It constantly nods to star trek in it's own way. Not only does it have space travel and combat, it also has sidescrolling planetside exploration with a huge amount of planets each with multiple landing zones. I should probably go through pros and cons to make this review easier to read:Pro's:-Charming pixel art style-Lot's of unique planets to explore-Customizing ship interior-Indepth crew inventory management.-Fun space combat which involves moving around a 2d plane dogding oncoming fire-2d sidescrolling planetside adventure-I haven't really gotten into the campaign objectives but so far it is interesting.Cons:-Slightly clunky interface (gets easier the more you use it)-Occansional crew pathfinding stupidity-ummmm...-should i put more stuff in the cons section?-lack of walruses so farOverall I say  buy it if you like space sims."
76561198138530839,Not Recommended,280360,20530021,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Blake81,"This game broke my heart. I was so hyped about it that I didn't even wait for a sale...From the first time I heard of this game, it was portrayed as a blend between two favorites of mine, Starbound and FTL; combining FTL's epic space combat and Starbound's limitless exploration.This game has neither.Space combat is a bit challenging while you're still on the starting ship, that has no shields. But once you get a shield or a decent speed, it becomes child's play. What you don't easily dodge by moving around, you shields will suck it up like a sponge. And once you get bigger ships like Kursha Cruiser and slap some Death Rays to it, then you're set up for life; nothing will ever give you a challenge.On the exploration, for a game whose developer was in clearly in contact with Chucklefish, it's ABSOLUTELY NOTHING like Starbound's exploration (unless you count the platformer part). Of the few dozens of planets available, you can only explore two or three, and most of these have absolutely nothing but a fistful of resources you can collect, and some won't let you land till you're doing certain mission of the Main Story, which is the other bad part. And this is all without mentioning how buggy are the whole pathlines your characters follow; you'll have to get used to them suddenly stopping over a stair step because they failed to jimp over it.The Main Story is just a linear and uninspiring streamline of Fetch Quest; go talk to this quest giver, go to this planet, kill all the monsters, find the quest object, grab all resources, go back to your ship, return to quest giver, rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat FOR HOURS. And the slow space travel only makes this even more tedious, as some quests send you to the other corner of the map just to talk to some guy or fetch some Space MacGuffin.The only thing I admit I enjoyed is the Soundtrack; which is quite good, but soundtrack alone doesn't make a game.So, to sum up, if you're looking for a epic space-faring experience, filled with exploration, twisted plots of intrigue and a really challenging combat... go play something else. I'd reccomend you Freelancer, which has all of the above sans the exploration part. You can try Starbound for that one.This game is a waste of money..."
,Not Recommended,280360,17133440,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,A Pile of Owls,"I want to like this game, I really do, but I can't. Interstellaria has a lot of good points to it, it's essentially an adventure based FTL, and damn it's fun. You manually fly your ship during fights to avoid enemy fire, you manage a crew and have them man different stations for different effects, it's just a lot of fun. There are unfortunately so many bugs and inconveniences that the game borders on unplayable.- Incredibly tiny universe. I'm not too far into the game, and I'm hoping the game holds more in store than what I've currently gotten to, but as it stands, there looks to be only about 40 planets, less than half of which are explorable, and a large portion of the 'explorable' ones are simply ports to sell goods I can no longer find because I've harvested everything in the universe, and parts/ships I can't buy because I can now only make small change hunting the same ships over and over.-The sound and graphical options don't save, so unless you want to play in a low resolution windowed mode, you have to redo your options on every launch.- Keyboard shortcuts sometimes don't work on the first press. I'm really not sure what triggers this, but usually any time I try a keyboard shortcut if I haven't used the keyboard for a minute or so, I'll have to double press it.- Can only see a single team member's health at a time. This forces the player to constantly rotate between crew members for fear that someone is near death.- Can't see ship part descriptions in the fleet menu. Want to compare power use of MKII and MKIII parts? Well, you'll have to take the current one off your ship, leave the menu, go into the inventory, decide which one you want to use, leave the inventory, open the fleet menu and put the part down.And the list goes on. All in all, this game just feels unfinished, and if the creators can consider this 'good enough' to be called a full release and start working on something else, I can't see them getting around to fixing too much.Edit July 27: So, I haven't played the game with any of the most recent updates, but I just want to say really quickly that Chuckle Fish has proven me wrong by tossing fixes and improvements at the game as quickly as they can. I really do appreciate the team working their butts off."
76561197969676599,Not Recommended,280360,17104909,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Sputz,"This game is not done yet. It could be fun, but it is buggy and has a inconsistent UI. I had to look twice before writing this review to be sure its not a beta/kickstarter.Micromanaging your crew is a pain because they often choose to stand on the same place. On planets you can at least see the name of the crew member you have selected (but only one even when you have selected more than one), but on your ship you have to guess because the part of the UI that should show you the selected member is now used by the status of your ships  shield. So have fun fiddling arround to make your crew members do what is needed to survive a combat situation.Something like a list of your crew on a sidebar where you can select and, also very important, see which of your members you have actually selected when selecting more than one would be a great improvement.When you are unlucky the pathfinding decides that your crew is now stuckinto the ground, which means that you will lose them for good.I would suggest to wait before buying, its not an expensive game, but without the bugs and with a working UI the game would be so much better."
,Not Recommended,280360,31250679,Posted: 19 April,all,wallace mcbagpipe,"Quick Read:Interstellaria is a charming game, that is approximately 110% grinding. There is also a self destruct button, that is never explained, and is right near the launch button. Perfect to press after 3 hours of grinding with no autosave. Looks good, sounds good, plays mediocre.Pros:-Nice, Clean Visuals-Nearly No Bugs-Good Sound Design-Very Nostalgic-Genuinelly Enjoyable (First 3-4 hours)Cons:-Lack of Depth (Combat, Story, Items, Characters)-Repetitive Missions-Few Items-Little Variation (Locations, Missions)-Oversimplified Combat-Ground Missions (Massive Grind)"
,Recommended,280360,17132946,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Captain828,"Short version:It's fairly similar to FTL with the added ability to explore planets (with simple ground combat), move your ship freely in deep space (with dynamic tactical space combat) and enjoy an entertaining plot that guides you through the open-world universe.Is it perfect? No. There are issues and the UX is not the best, but unless that puts you off, you can definitely enjoy the game.Coldrice seems to be working non-stop to fix any issues and there are also some planned improvements.Would I recommend it? Yes, but keep reading to see if this is the game you want.Also seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IlmDvv6ALIfor a quick look at the game.Would I recommend it over FTL: Advanced Edition (also $10)? No.But I would defenitely recommend it over the FTL that was initially launched as it has a lot of potential to be a great game in the future and Coldrice seems to want that as well.Note for casual gamers:This game does NOT hold your hand until the end; 30min in and you are off rails.You will have to pay attention to what you are told, not pick fights you can't take on (yet) and be careful during planetary sections as your characters permadie.Oh... and be sure to save often (F8 for quick save). The game autosaves at points, but typically not in your favour :)Compared directly to FTL:- no random universe- little replay value once beaten- far less difficult (save-scumming and farming are present; poorly balanced)- it's very easy to dodge shots compared to the AI (which is typically slow as a snail)- less random factor for encounters (and they will repeat in a playthrough, but not excessively)- despite being open-world, some planets ""unlock"" only as the story progresses- no ship boarding- can't vent the ship to put of fires- some missions that are part of the story arc can be very boring (the fetch X stuff ones, to be more specific)- poor crew management UX (though changes were promised)- can't navigate dialogs using the number keys- despite having more ships, they are far less diverse and poorly balanced= plenty of random encounters (many quite funny)= very similar art-style; ships and UI included= interesting alien species (most of them recruitable)= permadeath for characters= characters can be renamed= you have to manage your ship's power wisely= doesn't hold your hand (except for the beginning)+ can explore most planets (some will not be initially explorable)+ ground combat (very simple; no aiming; shots only on the X axis)it gets a lot more difficult later on, requiring hit-and-run tactics and effective tanking+ dynamic tactical space combat (you get to move the ship during combat on a 2D minimap)+ plenty of content to keep you busy (it opens up as you progress the story; some hidden side-quests as well)most of the planets will be available as soon as you get the starmap, but some are hidden/can't land on as part of the story arc+ less difficult (despite being more complex)the difficulty does ramp up as you progress the story, but you should be able to keep up+ less random factor for encounters (you are very likely to get all of them in one playthrough)+ you can field a fleet of up to 5 ships, each with their own crew+ rich ship customisation+ interesting plot that guides you through the universe (with some backstory as well)+ plenty of exploration to do (and it is very rewarding!)+ characters can gain traits in time and can also be augmented+ AWESOME soundtrack (CHIPZEL rocks!)Issues that should be kept in mind:- sound sometimes cuts off completely on planetary sections-CTD when getting a free Sholdro crewmember- fixed-though it only happened once, I had to reload my game as one of my guys was bumped out of the map by a critter- fixed- no 16:10 support for 1920x1200 resolution; horizontal black bars instead and you can't scroll the view using the mouse up or down if you go outside the 1920x1080 viewport- had only one CTD, but others have reported more in the forums (and many have already been reported as fixed in the patches)- autosave is fairly limited and typically not of much help as it always overwrites your previous slot; also, sometimes it doesn't autosave at all until you do a manual save+ a couple of more which were quickly fixedDeveloper support:Coldrice is very active, already publishing several fixes since launch and holding up to all his promises.Improvements to the crew management UI are planned."
76561198030778236,Recommended,280360,17098200,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Whygee,"Think of what would happen if Star Control 2 and Mega Man had a child, and it had super advanced 8 bit graphics with incredibly awesome music. It then went to school with his good buddies FTL and Cave Story, to mature into what it is now.It has a sense of exploration and wonderment to it, without being overwhelming, that few modern games have been able to capture.Now, if there were more keyboard shortcuts to hasten up various processes, better information regarding stuff in general (i.e. a more modern and convincing interface), more tense space battles (they are far too easy to win) and a wee bit better pathfinding, we'd be in serious business.9/10 for sure.Also, shameless self-promotion:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=483850682"
76561198005183357,Recommended,280360,17263387,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,-_LostPanda_-,"This game is an absulute gem. I have been a fan of pretty much everything published by Chuklefish so far and this is no exeption. Fun and addictive gameplay, nice art style with a moderatley interesting storyline. I cant wait to see what the modding community comes up with for this as there is a bucket load of potential. If you are sitting on the fence I would whole heartedly recomend if you are into space sim/management and exploration type games and you can stand pixel art. Only $11.99 here in NZ this more than worth the price of admition. I have a few gripes but I am confident they will either be ironed out or improved on in the future with mods."
76561198033530688,Recommended,280360,17109551,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,beedonitopia,"Seems pretty excellent, 10+ hours in and I'm very happy I got it.There are a few bugs, but the worst of them can be fixed with a reload, and it looks like patches are coming quickly.I've easily had the price worth's fun out of this already, and I'm only just finishing the main story.My one fear is that after the story is done, there won't be much to occupy me, since there doesn't seem to be a general purpose system for trading/missions/bounty hunting/exploring like with other games in this genre (Space Rangers, FTL to an extent), and there's no end game base building, split fleets, tactical aspect or anything like that to keep working for.With FTL/Space Rangers style mission/encounter availability, and/or some kind of colonization/colony management system, this would be perfect, instead of very good.Either way, it offers everything the trailer promises with no disappointments."
76561197982034218,Not Recommended,280360,32366664,Posted: 12 June,all,Quick_Fire,"Interstellaria is a good game, and while it can be harsh depending on the game setting it makes for a slow but fun build up to the story and fleet building. But in the end I cant really defend it from its faults, the game was more stable before the last update, the UI was overly simplifed, their are bugs and crashes that riddle the game making it hard to progress without saving often.If players can get past the UI and pop-up style reminders and combat menu, then some joy can be had from this game, but until the creator of the game gets back around to bug stomping and maybe re-designing some of the flaws to the UI I will no longer be playing myself.I played through the whole game before the new update, and while there was some bugs I enjoyed that game alot. The current state is near un-playable for me, but I still listen to the music from the game when I can."
76561198077950299,Not Recommended,280360,25083923,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Warden,"Interstellaria a good concept on paper not so much on executionInterstellaria is one of those games that suffers from a lack of content, Not only this but some of it's other features are executed poorly and overall need to be redone. I will try my best to break this down piece by piece and explain why i disliked/liked said features/content.The StoryInterstellaria's story is vague at best and does very little to help you understand it or care about it, This gets to the point where the story feels like filler content added at the last second, You're journey in intersellaria starts off rather humorous, Your starting crew member wakes to find out he is being thrown out of his house by his roommate, After doing some quests the games REAL tutorial begins, It demonstrates the space battle mechanics and operating the ship, So far so good right? wrong, After fighting (if you can call it that) a ship that is undentable murders your ship.after which your ship crash lands on a planet only to find a poor excuse of a ship and some guy who was standing around (you are given no proper explantion to why he is there or how he is still alive but this is ignorable) after repairing the ship you get a hail from Trade Co (One of the main human stations/sub-faction)basicly saying to go to there station for a quest. To give a quick let on you go on a few fetch quests, Beat some atrociously designed bosses ect.Space CombatThis is without a doubt the best part of the game, The soundtrack and simplistic yet challenging mechanics of the battles make it the best feature and i don't regret a second of them, The battle system is very well done it allows you to take on much larger ships that would murder you head-on, The way this works is by a simple dodge system (Enemy fires a projectile you guide you're ship out of the projectiles way before it hits) the reason i like this system is because of how skill based it is, if you're accustomed to the system and know the ropes you can kill a much stronger ship without taking damage, as good as this system is it can easily turn against you and screw you over for not meeting the skill requirement (Eg: you have a super beefy ship and you're up against two slightly weaker ships, if you fail to dodge the projectiles for long enough you're ship will get turned into scrap metal fast, this also to the smaller ships, if you're good at dodging and get nice open shots you can easily kill those ships before they can ever do anything to you.) all in all this is a supurb feature of the game and the one that kept me invested in the game for almost 22 hours.SoundtrackThe soundtrack is by far one of the best i've heard in a very long time, it fits the mood no matter what, during space battles theres a powerfull and upbeat roster keeping you further invested in the battle and helping you stay energetic, during the FTL portions a roster of songs really make you feel alone in the dead of space. personaly the soundtrack alone is worth more then the game, it's that good.Quick Wrap-upIm going to skim over some minor features of the game that where'nt worth going into full detail, First off is the planetary exploration, it's a very boring and lazily done feature it allows you to collect scrap and what not to later sell for peanuts, this feature is also extensivly used during the storyline to progress it with collecting ""key items"" normally after beating some form of boss, To keep this short ill just say it, the space station sequences are pretty crappy due to the poor graphic's (yes this is also a point, the graphic's are horrible to the eyes, it doesn't have the well done pixel art of other games of it's genre) and high prices of everything, buying a mid-class ship will bankrupt you in return for a mediocre vessel that isn't much better then you're starting ""Rock with a engine taped on"" ship.ConclusionIn the end Interstellaria isn't a bad game but it lacks content and just feels like a boat with duck tape covering the holes due to how shoddy and low quality some the the features are, if interstellaria had a dev/modder team willing to further develop it and polish it's current content it could very well be one of the best indie games on the market. But as it stands this boat leaks and is in need of repairs and polishing, at the end this boat will fail to keep you invested in it long enough to get you're money's worth."
,Recommended,280360,17194483,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sparky Bio,This game is like watching the original Star Trek series before it got expanded into whatever mess it is now.
,Recommended,280360,31991208,Posted: 27 May,all,TheBreakfast,"Interstellaria is incredibly ambitious. There is no single game that is mechanically comparable, with elements from Real Time Strategy, Classic RPGs, Management Sims and even Clickers. It can be a bit overwhelming, almost as if you're controlling 3 games at once, but it's also incredibly engaging and immersive. Imagine the child of X-COM, Theme Hospital, FTL, and Red Alert, all wrapped up into the body Tiny Tower.It feels distinctly like a classic computer game, with very little hand holding, and an emphasis on using the game’s mechanics to uncover and solve your next objective. This can be a benefit, but it can also be detrimental to the pace. There will be times where you're simply lost, looking from planet to planet in new systems and hoping you chance upon the right planet. This isn't helped by the cumbersome interface. But eventually you'll learn some shortcuts (for example: during a space battle, don't click on the ships on the map to select them, scroll through them using the arrows; or, during away missions, click on the portraits of each character rather than selecting them on screen).Despite its flaws, Interstellaria has a rich atmosphere, with a cute sense of humor coupled with somewhat dark undertones. It captures the loneliness and awe of exploration and discovery, with the constant dread of isolation and being cornered in hostile space by an unbeatable, unknowable foe. This game also provides a tremendous value. You will get hours and hours out of it, even if you only follow the main story."
76561198146952611,Not Recommended,280360,29104126,Posted: 7 January,all,Dreverhaven,"It is an awesome game, with a very cool story. The immersive game lore brings you to the Interstellaria universe. The struggle to maintain your crew needs satisfied is thrilling. The char attibutes allow you to specialize your guys and gives this immersive RPG feeling. All that with a great soundtrack BUT...There are too many bugs for one to play effectively. Which makes you feel angry because you already love the game.It freezes on loading screens. It freezes during battles (if it does, try to press ""R"" to make the char return to the ship and MAYBE the game will work again. Some NPCs dialogs also make you game freeze. This really makes you hate the game.The inventory system is also glitched: If you are making a trade trip and your inventory is full, the logical thing to do is to fill your crewmembers inventory with items, right? So you fill your crew inventory (which is only ONE puny slot) with a stack of 99 trade items and when you arrive at your destination to sell: Surprise! The stack in your crewmember inventory is magically changed to 1 item (as if the guy ate all the other items during the travel!).If you ckick on a merchant to repair your ship and it is 100% already, the merchant keeps on charging you.The popup descriptions are lame. For instance, Only after I bought shotguns for all my crew I realized that the ammo it carries outside the vessel is very low. I had to sell them all in order not to go back to the vessel to reload all the time.You simply cannoy buy good items, you can only acquire them when they are dropped by mobs. IHMO, you should be allowed to buy good items, maybe at a very expensive cost?When you rename a char, if you press a shortcut key it will stop your renaming (like pressing ""C"" will close the char window) in some planets.When you close a trade window, you de-select all your party.When you are travelling through space with your weapons energy at zero and you come to an encounter and power up your weapons some weapon names stay with the title ""NO POWER"" until you fire them.Blue robots merge with the background and become almost ""invisible"" to you.Some suggestions:Fuel could be added.Popups like ""level up"" could close automatically after some time.Crafting could be added (maybe using the items you harvest).Ship customization could be added.and for christ sake, the most important: PLEASE ADD KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS!"
,Not Recommended,280360,17467299,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Mr. Niggy,"While i like the game so far and had completed the story(?) to it, there's barely anything else to do but drift around and killing everything that was thrown at me. Sure, it's a pretty good game in it's name but the fact that there so much left to be desire yet not accomplished leaves a bitter taste after wandering aimlessly in space.First off, it was a wonderful game for an indie. It was simple, charming and again simple to play. Characters you've started with seem to always be something different so it adds a nice mixture of crewmen to have on a ship. The story led you to some boss fights that were entertaining, especially the finale.But what is it to call a universe if there's only one planet with each star? I mean, a universe if possibly ""infinite"" in all direction so space itself would have been much more fun for the exploration-esque if it goes beyond the unknown.Pros:+ Basic yet charming pixel characters and art+ Simplistic, interesting 2D combat+ Nice story to get going on+ Colorful planets to see and some even have some secrets to them.+ Exploration was promising and fun for a whileCons:- Big ol' nothing of space with nothing to much to got anywhere further from the area you're in.- Some amounts of planets that have literally no function other than to look pretty.- Endgame leaves almost nothing left to do than killing things and salvaging.- Again, planets. Barely enough to go around and with one planets for one star system.- Here's a big one: Not enough variety of ships to fly in and the only few ""big"" ones to fly were the cruisers and there were especially some ships that you CANNOT use, such as the boss ships that you fight during the campaigns."
76561198107097095,Recommended,280360,17120052,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Gravy Bits,"great game just watch out though when saving and game may freeze randomly, pressing spacebar may fix but the notorios black screen after saving or deleting your old saves to go back to put a new one will make your blood boil, i got to the last part of the last mission in the game and got a black screen just after deleting my saves but besides that its a great game"
76561198027290104,Recommended,280360,17101314,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hero MacReady,"Was going to complain about the crew member being stuck in the cave but when I saved and exited the game there was a small update. Restarted the game and the cave problem was fixed. So other than that, I'm extremely happy with my purchase so far. Music is good, Space battles are simple, yet fun. If I had to compare it to anything I've played I'd say it 'feels' like a mix between FTL and Terraria. Did I mention the music is good?"
76561197996545574,Not Recommended,280360,22622441,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Count Zero Interrupt,"My biggest issue with this game, the one thing keeping me from sinking hours into it, everytime you take off from a location you are reset to a default point on the galaxy map.  All your travel time is lost.  This issue is compounded by the fact that to change locations on a planet you have to take off."
76561197999349798,Not Recommended,280360,34422790,Posted: 22 August,all,Sidhean,"The game has a good concept, but it seems it was half made then abandoned for what profit could be had. The UI is as bad as the ""x"" to close each window is small, and you need several windows to do anything. The game has way too many glitches to not be supported, combat is clunky, managing your shipmates is nearly impossible, as they will all stand in the same place, and, to seperate them, you have to click off of them, then click on the pile, then click on an open space, and repeat this process until you've moved them all out, then, if you want to figure out who is who, you have to open up the character info screen and check their stats and equipment. I could complain forever about this game, although i would rather it be in a playable state so i can just enjoy it instead. I guess Chucklefish would publish just any old game?"
76561198038545476,Recommended,280360,17117478,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,innocent.neko,"Great game, it feels like something between starbound and FTL. Even though this is an indie, I am having a lot of fun with it and that is more than I can say about some of the recent AAA titles.A few bugs here and there but that is to expect, other than that I fully recommend this game to anyone who want to explore a galaxy, buy spaceships(yes, you can have up to 5 in a fleet) and recruit members.When you are not in space, you will be on planets, collecting stuff and finding treasures and other things. You can also bounty hunt for rewards!"
,Recommended,280360,24288989,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SliceOfHam,"This game is definitely a hidden gem and worth playing.ProsSpace/planet exploration, trade routes, land/space battles gives a decent variety of things to do.Story-line was interesting and game ran good most of the time (will list bugs under Cons).Planet respawn timer (about 20 minutes) lets you reexplore for more materials/drops or if you hurry back you can complete mission tasks without needing to fight your way through again.The more ships/crew memebers you want to own the bigger your fleet and space/land offensive power, but the more management it requires. Balance it out for your capabilities IMO.Game lets you pause/unpause any time you want so it helps with management of crew/ships especially space battles.I completed this game just under 25 hours but I consider that fast and possibly rushed. I think average gameplay value is easily over 30 hours for more casual players or those who enjoy trading routes and getting the best of the best equipment/ships.Music is pretty cool and all the interface and design is pretty cool and works well with the game once you get use to it.ConsSome bugs can make people not want to play the game but they can be avoided as well:BUG#1 Unable to load a saved file: I was distraught at first when I encountered this bug, but have been able to avoid it by not saving while landed on a planet. Only saved game while in space or hovering over a planet.BUG#2 Crew member fell off the pathing map area and are lost forever: This happened to me twice, once at a trade post and second time when one of my members was hit off a very long ladder and landed in a place he couldn't get out. Two options: ditch them and lost them forever, or reload save. None of the land explorations should take so long that reloading a land raid would be very annoying.BUG#3 Game seems to have a memory leak. I can have every game on max settings with my high-end PC, but after a few hours this game still lags and freezes. This can be resolved by saving, shutting game down and starting it up again every few (3-4) hours.Some very rare equipment has low drop chance off enemies that no longer spawn if you finished a mission. This can be annoying as some of these equipments are best in the game.Blue Orb (sholdro i think) species are definitely the best race to have to man your ship-stations since they require no food, entertainment or sleep and may also level up skills. 24/7 exp gain makes them hard to beat. Other races have very little, if any, benefits over each other. This is kind of balanced out by them being unable to  equip items or fight on land, but none of those gain exp/skill. It all depends on your equipment/augments (very few augments and they are permanent) so any cheap low level crew member can land explore just as well as an expensive/highly trained member.One planet the AI pathing will be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you will have to manually babysit the crew members to jump platform to playform. Since this planet is a mission objective planet it cannot be avoided. Manuall moving crew members on this planet took me a whole 7 minutes so it can be frustrating but definitely not game breaking.Overall:A very good game once you get over the few bugs. After you beat the main story line there isn't much left to do unless since you've already beaten the hardest enemies in the game. Replay value is okay if you want to try different ships/weapons/squad formation.-1.5 for bugs that some may not figure out how to overcome and decide to give up on the game all together instead.-1 for unfair advantage of sholdro race taking away from crew-mate diversity for offensive ships.7.5/10Very Good Game I got for pretty cheap (I think ~$5)  during the 2016 Steam Summer Sale."
76561197965776924,Recommended,280360,17127081,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,strafeman,"Simple game, great price. You have your ship, you have your crew - you patrol the galaxy and hunt for items to trade - you land on planets or you run across what i assume are random events in space, you upgrade your ship, and outfit your crew. All this is fun, feels right and is simple.I spend my time exploring everything, stacking on loot and selling it in hopes of adding another ship to my team as well as hiring the team to run it. My main character has a pistol- he goes in gun blazing while the rest i have looting. This game borrows from sims where you crew members have certain wants, and if they arent met you wont get bonuses and they will eventually leave your team.My only negative is that the worlds are very small- but i honestly just want to stack loot and get back into my ship.So far this has eaten into my sunday, I met a very sexy lady last night and have a book i need read for work - but instead im sneaking away googling what items sells more, and how i can afford a more powerful ship (this game runs great in windowed mode so i can divide attention). This is indie at its finest, and it gives the old buck rogers video game feel- quite a welcome change for me since i was getting bored of all my games on my steamlist."
,Not Recommended,280360,17126812,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ro-Z,"I cannot recommend this hallway of a game. I was expecting a FTL or Starbound type game, where I could take my spaceship and do whatever I want across the universe. What I got was a single, linear experience with zero to no customization of my crew or ship and while the gameplay is unique it feels empty as for missions you mass your crew and send them shooting through a long tunnel and then hit the fast forward button while they harvest everything on the map for several minutes(Or longer if they all decide to go to the same item, halfway across the map, and one grabs it, and the rest all go for the same item on the other side of the map, stupid pathfinding), then you get in the ship and wait for several minutes as it travels across the map. The combat is shallow only having a few weapons from what I can tell, and a few ship types. As long as you have enough power in engines and other systems, you can always get by without ever even getting hit as you can pretty much dodge bullets and the AI is too stupid to be dangerous. I've never died once in this game, or felt any danger, and the crew management during space travel is annoying as my people have to eat, sleep and watch a TV or they ♥♥♥♥♥ at me, and do not automatically just leave their systems to do so. I have to do it myself. Rediculous. If you're going for the dollar-per-hour rule, I've had 5 hours of gameplay in this and found maybe 3 of it enjoyable. I might change my review later, if some of this changes, because I want to like this game. It looks good, the atmosphere is nice, and the story is competant. I just didn't want a hallway."
76561198052463354,Not Recommended,280360,26739838,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Fëanor,"Was excited for this, neat art style, pretty nifty crew management system, probably my fault it didn't meet my expectation, was expecting a pixel fest, polished up, modernised classic X-tension game, so I probably shot it down with my own hopes and didn't look at the game as a product of it's own and just compared.Though it stayed open in the task manager after an hour or so of play and clocked up 5 hours unintantionally, wanted to refund after playing for about 1 after not enjoying the game at all.Personal opinion/ misinterpretation + salt at the unclosing bug that racked up my hours and prevented my refund = salty no recommend"
,Recommended,280360,25355664,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,sunpire,"'Interstellaria' is the original 'No Man's Sky' and infinitely better...This game is a retro sci-fi extravaganza, a blessing of old school looking technology that immerses the player quickly, it just came alive and made my imagination buds tingle.-Cool space fights-Crazy Aliens-Sweet space ships-Awesome planets-Hours of grinding-Lots to explore-With room for the imagination.Interstellaria is awesome, fun and challenging... well worth the price."
76561198104486429,Recommended,280360,17127579,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,hahaha,This game isn't like the allstar of space exploration but it's fine i have experienced one bug and thats it I'm enjoying the missions and trading. The universe isn't big but it's big enough that it's worth checking every planet and there are some unique characters and aliens and it's all around pretty funny dialogue. Combat is where this really shines with planing and aiming and multiple ships in ship to ship combat. The only improvment is that it would really be nice if they could up the size of the map but thats it.
,Recommended,280360,17146310,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Turtle,"IntroductionNote: I don't have the achievements for it, but I have indeed completed the game in full.Space, the final frontier, endlessly vast and impossible to conquer; or in Interstellaria's case, fairly small and easily overcome. Interstellaria is a platform, shoot 'em up, space sim mash-up that—while combining all of these into a satisfactory package—doesn't do any of them exceptionally well. But that's not to say it doesn't have its upsides.GameplayInterface, Options & ControlsThe interface is easy to understand, sometimes a bit quirky and in dire need of more hotkeys, but at the end of the day is simple, elegant and well executed. As far as the options go, there aren't many. As to be expected from a game with this style you won't find anti-aliasing or post-processing sliders laying around, just SFX, music, resolution and mouse tidbits. There is unfortunately a complete lack of key rebinding, and I can't give anything in the way of controller support as I do not own one.ExplorationThe galaxy didn't at all give off the feel of exploring the vastness of space for me. Interstellaria trades off the commonly found procedural generation in space sims for hand crafted systems and worlds. Each system contains a single world along with one to three places you can land on and explore. There are, however, many random events one can come across, as well as the occasional baddie or three that will intercept you as you move through space. So while the random events and planets I could land on kept me interested, it was fairly short lived, as the galaxy just isn't all that vast or filled with a ton of content. Then again, it's a cheap game, I'm not expecting X series level of system detail and lore.Ship & Crew ManagementVery similar to FTL. You have power units you can put into three categories; engines, stations and weapons. Crew need to eat, sleep and be entertained in order to be kept happy, but there are no major negative effects from not managing them well. The bonuses that you do get from keeping them happy are negligible, enough so that I essentially stopped caring about them sans armor, weapons and health 2 hours into the game and threw the extra power I used for those stations into my engines. From my view, more depth to crew management was a good idea but one very poorly executed, no mechanic should have so little presence that a player completely ignores it.EconomyPretty rigid and simple. Some items are worth more in one place, less in another, and that's as complex as it gets. You can't fill a demand with supply, nor can you cheat the market. I was able to make a few hundred thousand DY after finding a single profitable trade run less than an hour in, which ended up making the game fairly easy from an economical standpoint. I had no reason to collect or harvest minerals from planets or events, though I did need to kill some planetary creatures for armour.CombatThis is where the game's biggest fault lies. On planets, it can be buggy, aggravating and mundane. Pathing issues with the crew AI can lead to undesired results and they do not immediately respond when being attacked, if at all. In space, combat is reminiscent of shoot 'em up games but combined with FTL levels of space ship damage, repair and station management. Unfortunately, the projectiles travel so slowly that I was able to evade over 90% of any shots taken at me. Because of the profitable trade run I had, I was able to get a cruiser early on and completely stomp any encounter I ran across; because of ignoring crew management and boosting my engines, I was able to avoid almost every encounter. You’re technically allowed to have five ships in your fleet, but I only ever needed one.This really took a toll on my enjoyment, and perhaps it's not quite the same for everyone else, I'm not exactly your average gamer, so I'm in the minority when it comes to finding gameplay challenging. But ignoring an audience simply because it's a minority isn't an excuse, especially because scalable difficulty isn’t some brand new concept, in fact, it's even more dated than the graphic style the game uses. A simple slider related to the speed of enemy projectiles in space combat would be all you need to make it more challenging.Story & MissionsThe game includes a fairly enjoyable main plot that kept me interested enough to find out what was going on. It was unique and at time funny. As far as missions go, there are a few lying around here and there, but once you complete them that's it, there are no generated missions that you'd normally find in other space sims, just the main plot and a few side activities. Again though, Interstellaria is a hand-crafted experience for a cheap price, and the bits of text throughout the game make funny references to nerdy subcultures which is always a bonus in my book.GraphicsMy favourite part of the game and very well done, fitting together seamlessly in the style the author chose to go for. Planets have their own unique biomes and looks, each race comes with an animated communications portrait and it's all very pixelated. If you enjoy retro, if you want to revel in a bit of nostalgia of an age past, this is definitely for you.AudioAnother enjoyable part of the game, catchy if a bit repetitive after long sessions. While not exactly the most beautiful tracks out there, each one fits well in every place it's used, so it gets a solid nod from me as a hobbyist composer.ConclusionInterstellaria is an interesting and enjoyable experience that might not keep you entertained for years to come or blow your mind, but will definitely be fondly remembered in a day and age plagued by excessively rehashed formulas—a breath of fresh air worth every DY.If there is anything I would say to the developer, should you read this Cold Rice, is that you need to make the game moddable. By the way assets are being stored, it seems like it would be easier than not and if you opened this up to the community, I guarantee you amazing things would happen."
,Recommended,280360,18378849,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jetpack John,"I have just finished playing Interstellaria, and, to get straight to the point, it does much more right than it does wrong.  So, yes, it's a thumbs up and a game you should play if you enjoy this genre.Comparisons with Star Control 2 are both unavoidable and probably not fair.  SC2, released oh so many years ago, still remains my favorite game of all time.  To expect another game to top that isn't fair.With that out of the way, here is my pro/con list:Pro:- Enjoyable pixel art style- Good soundtrack- Fun side-scrolling planet exploration- Decent trade mechanic- A nice variety of ships or varying styles and numerous weapons and components with which to customize them- Even though many of the details don't seem to matter much (see below), the game actually has a very nice crew management mechanic with skills, traits, inventory, and many types of armor and weaponsCon:- Combat, both in space and on the surface, is much to simple- Except for speed, most stats don't seem to have any useful effect on gameplay- Random anomalies too hard to get to- Needs more: more stars, more planets, etc.I'll explain the cons a bit more:- Simple combat - In space, combat takes place in a small 2D window in the lower portion of the screen.  You target a ship and then spend your time clicking around to maneuver to avoid enemy fire.  The problem is, this is all you do.  Once you realize that ship speed is of paramount importance you just keep avoiding enemy fire until you've finally destroyed the enemies.During space combat you have the ability to control your crew, reassign their stations, have them make repairs, etc.  Unfortunately, in practice this is entirely unnecessary.  With the exception of your first few battles, when you are both underpowered and learning, if you ever get to the point of needing to repair your ship during combat then odds are your ship is already a lost cause.On planet surfaces, you simply target an enemy and wait for your crew to kill them.  The only strategy is early on when you might need to make a quick return trip to your ship to rearm or heal.  All enemy encounters work pretty much the same way.- Speed and only speed - All you need is a fast ship.  Once you have that, you can then avoid or engage enemies at will (because you can always outrun them) on the starmap.  In combat, high speed makes it *far* easier to avoid enemy fire.- Space anomalies - Interstellaria actually has an interesting ""anomaly"" encounter feature.  If you're paying attention while travelling through space you will occasionally notice either a ""special"" asteroid or a space anomaly marker on the map.  These *do* add some nice random flavor to space travel, but for some reason they are *very* hard to intercept.  The problem seems to be that they are just too short lived; once you've seen one, clicked on it, and then travelled to it, too often you will find that it has already disappeared.  During my time playing the game I probably only made it to 20% of the anomalies I tried to explore.- More stars, more space - I think this is what could turn a good game into a great game.  The game's universe needs to be larger.  More stars and more planets would make the universe seem much more alive.  This is doubtless a big request and may be beyond the scope of what the devs want for their game.  It would probably require that the game be able to generate random planet surfaces, for example.  To make the unavoidable Star Control 2 comparison, SC2 had an *enormous* game universe.  Even though few of the planets were part of the game's story, just having all those stars and solar systems made you feel like you were exploring space and travelling through the immense void.There's my two cents.  For $10 you really can't go wrong and there is more than enough enjoyment to be had."
76561198123451787,Recommended,280360,18136404,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,PIMST3R,"I love this game, I really do, it's got an interesting story and a balanced trading system too. But it is BRUTAL. If you are not ready, this game will F you. Sometimes on planets and usually in space, but that does serve as a way to help the atmosphere too, which I like. In addition, every life has value, either in the time and effort you put into training that character, or the money you spent on getting them, or just the time you spent naming them, as a result, whenever someone dies, you feel the need for a personal vendetta.But overall, though tis game is difficult, it's good, and worth probably more than it's being sold for."
,Not Recommended,280360,23477168,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Devin,"In a game where movement is only controlled by automatic pathfinding, the developers put in paths your crew cannot navigate. Fantastic design."
,Not Recommended,280360,30925554,Posted: 3 April,all,Rubsmith,"Not nearly enough to do. You will experience everything to do within an hour, all that's left is grinding for however long you want to increase meaningless numbers to your satisfaction."
76561198032705817,Recommended,280360,17118458,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,shadeling,"Interstellaria was a very pleasant surprise to me.  I'm normally not attracted to the 16 bit retro genre, except for Starbound,   but this game has kept me enthralled for much longer than I thought it would so I'm really glad I went against my initial distaste over its graphics because the gameplay it offers is quite deep.From an aethestics standpoint, I much prefer the 16 bit art of Starbound but even so, this game easily makes up for that in just how much there is to do.  The tutorial easily takes you from the very beginning so you can get used to the controls  and shortly thereafter, you are able to find a salvagable ship to begin your own journey as the ship's captain.  I have no idea how vast the universe is in this game but from what I've seen so far, there seems to be a huge amount of galaxies and planets to explore where you can scavange for anything of value, fight beasties or journey to friendly outposts to sell your goods and upgrade your ship and crew.Without hesitation I can easily recommend this game to anyone who is a space sim fan because it sure helps scratch the itch for me, at least while I wait for Star Citizen to finish development but even when that happens, I think I'll still be playing this one because it's just so much fun, most likely because the lower end graphics allows  the developers to make it a very deep game."
76561198014638766,Recommended,280360,25475014,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jdbahnsen,"I got this on sale, after being in my wishlist for a long time. The complaints about crashes, and a combersome UI are justified. It's kind of hard to play. But I love the super simplicity of the art, and the everything the game tries to do. It's made by one very hard working guy with a family and a full-time job, so a game of this magnitude it a real accomplishment. Dispite the challenges, I think it's worth getting the game, having fun with it, and supporting such a talented developer. I recommend you try it if this sort of game appeals to you. Besides there's a lot of wry humour that made me laugh out loud. :)"
76561198005966134,Recommended,280360,25258889,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rawther.den,"So, I just got this for under 4 bucks.For that kind of money it's okay, I guess. Unfortunately the concept and the idea are not well executed. I just played a few quick runs and stumbeled across several major bugs. A few examples?The first augment (+20 HP) you find on the nearest planet simply disappeared when I was picking it up (not in the first run, strangely enough). While harvesting the plants for the first mission the guy who wants them would not accept them.One game wrecker is the inventory overflow. I got down to Colony 1 and started harvesting stuff and suddenly I had my entire inventory full with scraps (in the first run it was herbs). Needles to say you can sell this stuff off and rake in some 100k.There are some other issues with it, like the cumbersome UI, and some issues with windows and panels being activated when they should not be (ie. window on top passing the click through to the lower window)There is probably more.However, the idea is rather fun and the concept is fresh. I hope the guys behind it will release an update/fix for those issues and at least leave the game in a playable state. Apart from the few bugs I ran into the game is actually fun.One thing about it is really nice: the soundtrack."
,Recommended,280360,25309528,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Blind Captain,"I guess my summary is, if this game came out in the 90s, we'd still be raving about it today. In this era, the things in the cons section of my review are part of the basic polish that I think we expect from games. It's still impressive consider that it's made by one guy as a hobby project. Overall, it's pretty addicting. You can walk around planets and scavenge or fight. You can trade and hire crew. You can earn level-ups and customize the systems in your ship. You can allocate power and dodge incoming fire.ProsBattle mechanic: It has a really nice battle mechanic. You have to allocate power and crew and then navigate the ship out of the way of projectiles, behind cover or in firing range, while the weapons discharge automatically. In this way, while superior equipment definitely helps, there is a large skill component that can allow a tactically inclined player to dodge attacks from an outmatched opponent.Seamless scope: It feels very seemless how you can land your ship and then walk outside of it on a planet or asteroid, interacting with people, robots and items. Then you can take off and travel across star systems.Fleets: It helps both of the above points that you can build a fleet. The level of detail of control you have is what you'd expect from a single ship game where you can control individual crew members, layouts, power distribution, etc. However, you can add an arbitrary (or a limit I don't know) number of ships together to form your ""fleet"". That gets really interesting with the battle system mentioned above, you can specialize ships. For example, right now my fleet is two ships. One has great sensors but no weapons and I usually keep it in range but out of the way. The other is all weapons and propulsion and I have that one move in on enemies and attack. The possibilities for strategy in this style of battles and fleet design are pretty good. However, it does feel like it could benefit from some UI help. First issue is that only one ship can land on a planet, so you have to shuffle your ""away team"" all into one ship every time before you land which is a little annoying. The other issue is that you totally control the ships in battle which seems like it might get overwhelming if you had like 3 or 4 ships. It'd be nice to have the option of telling each ship's captain to perform a certain maneuver.ConsInterface: The interface is cluttered, confusing and not always intuitive. Everything you do seems to pop up in a new window which you have to position and close by clicking the X. As a result, plenty of actions require opening and positioning multiple windows. When you can't do something there isn't clear feedback as to why. The game involves managing rest, food and entertainment of your crew, but when you're in peaceful places like on your ship, all that it shows about them without going through multiple menus is their combat states like health, armor and ammo. In other words, despite sometimes seeming cluttered, the interface doesn't do a great job of showing you the things you need to see in your current context without multiple clicks. When you're on a planet, the interface looks like it's the same, but the button that shows ship stats disappears which is confusing until you realize it. Overall, the interface often feels like it's in the way rather than fading into the background as it should.Plenty of minor glitches: There are some pathfinding glitches. I experienced a random freeze/crash. One time, I landed on an asteroid and it let me get off the ship but not back on. When I click to interact, sometimes my character just walks there and doesn't interact. Lots of little glitches like this. None are enough to stop playing entirely, but again, they kind of get in the way.Shallow ground operations: When you're on a planet, you can walk all around, but there isn't so much you can do. While the ship battles felt very involved, the ground battles are hands off, hack and slash fights against opponents with literally zero intelligence. You can participate in extremely scripted, brief and inconsequential dialogs with very few characters. You can scavenge very specific items. On very specific landing sites, you can activate trading screens. That's about it. Whether you view this as a story based game (which it tries to be) or an exploration based game (which a space game like this lends itself well to), enhancing ANY of those qualities would make a HUGE difference in the game.Other NotesStory: The story is okay. It's not good and not bad. Since it's not really a standout feature, I personally wish they just made it a sandbox exploration game and spent the time they used to make the story polishing the above.Character management: As I said, you have to tend to your crew's needs for sleep, food and entertainment. The way this is implemented, it really doesn't impact the gameplay at all. I'd prefer that they either removed that element or made it more interesting. As I said, since those stats are sort of hidden in the interface, it's more like ""oh no, I didn't realize they're starving"" and temporarily removing them from their task to stand in front of a food machine until their food bar peaks."
,Not Recommended,280360,33330517,Posted: 6 July,all,Bro,I get the same bug everytime I play this game where my inventory dupes and eventually freezes my game. Would be fun if I could actually play through the game without some bug making it unplayable.
76561197995433103,Not Recommended,280360,28766300,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dad,"Pros:  It's a game that's trying to rebuild the classics like Star Command and Star Control.  Relatively simple gameplay and combat.Cons:  Difficult to navigate the galaxy - the star map is scrolls around but can't be zoomed in or out.  Crew won't really exercise self-care to eat, sleep, or entertain if they're assigned duties.  Quite a few bugs rendering the game unplayable.  Inventory will glitch and duplicate endlessly, preventing adding new components to a ship.  Several events cause the game to hang."
,Recommended,280360,24897610,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,(+∩-) Captain Moregun,"I got attacked so I set Phasers to maximum! then I coudlnt move and I died.10/10 A lesson in moderation!Edited to actually say something about Interstellaria.This is actually a really nice game and I recommend it for what it is (seems a lot of people keep comparing it to Starbound and whatnot though thats not what this game is trying to be). The galaxy map is static like most space games but the trading isnt randomized (like X3:Terran Conflict where goods are cheap one day and not the other) thus if you know where to go you can make crazy money fast. Random events pop up in space and when landing can be either beneficial or funny ha-ha bad.My only gripe is pathing on the planet Ulu which is a pain. Its best to be careful there and keep your ""away team"" small. Its a good game for $10. I kinda wish there was a few more ship types and a larger star map with more clutter in it."
,Recommended,280360,17125775,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,jens_lundbek,"This game is so much fun. I bought it thinking it would be a good time filler for shot sit downs...., 5 hours dissappeared. Gives me the SciFi experience I crave being a fan of shows of Star Trek and Red Dwarf. It is obvious this game was made with passion. I am going to lose days to this."
,Recommended,280360,19017063,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,StaempunkdNinja,"if you love straightforward pixel based games with great story lines you will enjoy interstellaria.the controls are simple, the crew is simple, the ships are simple, even the combat is simple."
76561197999258199,Not Recommended,280360,17477369,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,=GcG= Jake,"A very short game, the ""universe"" is very small, and after the campaign, there is nothing at all to do.. very dissapointing for a game i looked forward to playing."
,Not Recommended,280360,25265801,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,superjamie,"I'm torn. This is a space exploration and management game, sorta like a simplified Starbound crossed with a simplified FTL. The pixel art is quite good and Chipzel's soundtrack is excellent.Unfortunately, the game is plagued with many bugs and just wrong choices. The UI is clunky and allows you to click ""through"" layered windows. At one point I harvested many more items than I could possibly carry and selling them all netted me $250k, nerfing the game. The idea of harvesting is just boring.In the end I found myself not wanting to bother so I gave up.Good idea, poor execution."
76561197983381900,Recommended,280360,17953002,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,YtheName,"I'm happy to recommend interstellaria based on a number of reasons. The gameplay is original and conjures up feelings of all the old Sci-fi TV series. Exploring is definitely one of entertaining parts of the game, however, at the time of the review there was enough random planets or events outside the story to keep me entertained once the story had come to an end. Which leads me on to the story line- it’s an interesting story but very linear once its completed I found very little to keep me playing the game. I will keep an eye on this one as the developer is actively adding new content monthly.There is room for improvement, there are still a couple of annoying bugs present such as getting around a plant called Uhu (I think) I spend a long time micromanaging my crew through a series of objects, did push me to point of frustration. Luckily this was my only truly bad experience as all the other bugs were a minor annoyance.Overall I really do recommend this game as I enjoyed the experience and kept me entertained."
,Not Recommended,280360,33346485,Posted: 7 July,all,Toupa,"You know. I really wanted to like this game. But an hour in, I still dont know what i'm doing. I've run into about 6 bugs that basically ended the game, and required a restart.My inventory filled with spare parts when i needed new parts for my ship. I got to the first store, couldn't sell it because the game crashed when I tried to open the selling store. In fact, when i tried to open the game again, the store just didnt work.there's no trading between characters, so if the wrong guy picks up the wrong item, one guy is almost dead and needs a medkit, but the robot picks it up? you have to go to the ship to put it in the inventory to use the /one/ item slot they have.I'm even okay with not being able to trade directly, but dropping things destroys them?Look. It has a lot of promise. Much like a more active FTL. I like it. But it's just not complete. I'll come back when chucklefish decides to come back and fix a bunch of things. For now, I cannot reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,280360,25245882,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Philz Coffee,"****Edit**** I'm told this was fixed and have not had a chance to play it since yet.The game has some pretty game breaking bugs, my crew keep bringing back -1 or -3 plants and filling my inventory with a ton of 1 stack things that go beyond my max.  It kept doing it so much that my inventory is completely broken now and sometimes it crashes the game when i try to go to ""my items"" in the shop menu."
,Not Recommended,280360,24177477,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jtgibson,"[edit 2016-AUG-31] The new release is up and I can say right now that at least a few of my niggles have been resolved!  Combat, for instance, is much less fiddly -- a right-click on an enemy properly has all selected personnel engage the enemy without error.  I'll have to give the game another fair examination at some point soon, but I have other fish to fry at the moment.  Take anything you read in this review with a grain of salt.  It may actually be worth it at this price now, but YMMV. =)It was very tough to come to the conclusion on whether I recommend this game or not.  I finally leaned toward blowing a raspberry, although in fairness it's a hesitant raspberry and not a full-on stinking emission.  I'll still tough it out and may alter my review if things get better later on.Most of the difficulty of the game surrounds its fiddly interface and the inability for crewmembers to engage in reasonable behaviours.  Put simply, the crew is stupid, and they would spell stupid with two O's.  For instance, crew members will not automatically route to a destination unless already outside the ship: if you click outside the ship to try to route them to a destination, and if you click in the brief period of time during which they are exiting, they will ignore your clicks until they decide they're good and ready thankyouverymuch.  This often leads to scenarios where your crewmembers charge headlong into danger, only for you to catch up and notice that the two or three crewmembers you intended to back them up are standing blithely by your ship doing nothing.  Worse, clicking on an enemy with a group selected often has half of your crewmembers waltzing ignorantly into and past the enemy before they realise that yes, you did in fact want to attack that enemy.Most of the playtime involves simply clearing out an entire map and then waiting for your crew to harvest all resources, then finding an appropriate market to offload said goods.  A full hour and a half of my playtime was spent repeating the Sakari mission because after I had everything there wrapped up in a tidy bow, I ran into a space encounter and defeated a far superior enemy force, but in spite of telling my crew repeatedly to fight a fire, they still managed to stand in the middle of the flames rather than fighting them, until one died -- which I wasn't going to tolerate, although in retrospect I probably should have just taken it at face value since training up your crewmembers is much less important than I originally thought (I was unprepared for this, since they were all wearing green shirts, not red ones).  There are apparently beta improvements here, but beta is beta.  I'll give it a shot once it hits stable. ;-)The game is made particularly worse for the fact that by the time you've put in a few hours, you've more or less seen everything the game has to offer, because it suffers from a profound linearity/lack of procedural content and thrill of exploration.  I'll have to admit I gave up before I had a chance to see if it got better, but it's almost like marathoning a TV series -- no matter how good it seems at first, by the time you're even a quarter of the way through it just feels like work.Once you install a medbay in your ship, every away team combat encounter simply becomes a game of attrition, so any risk of losing a crewmember vanishes, as long as you're judicious and willing to accept the tedium.  It starts to become no more than a mathematical equation on whether you can save more time by returning to Trade Co and hiring another disposable or whether you should put in the 4 or 5 minutes to heal your crew back to full again.  You ""discover"" stars or landing sites only by following the main quest, which is not particularly compelling and a typical ""your homeworld = disaster"" motivator scenario.  The attempts at humour mostly mar the atmosphere rather than improve it.  Even more sadly, in spite of the time it takes to harvest goods, trade is mostly a gloss and means of unlocking reasonable weapons rather than the main aim of the game, which is somewhat surprising for a game that features ""Trade Co."" as pretty much the main plot element. =)That said, it isn't without its charm.  The pixel graphics are definitely reminiscent of NES sensibilities and there is a certain Starflight-esque humour to the game which the game fails to replicate but succeeds to emulate.  The manning and operating of stations and the ability to build modules onto your ship is also a cool gameplay feature, which would be better if it mattered a little more.  As it stands, it's worth a few dollars, which is coincidentally only how much it costs -- that alone made me inclined to sway the review positively, as it's not as though you're paying a few dollars for pure unadulterated crud... it's merely unrefined in the areas that matter most, and there's enough of a game here that you can get your money's worth if you decided to spend it in the first place.There's a pretty substantial and cool retraux soundtrack from Chipzel, which makes the samey map locations seem less samey.  The manoeuvre-based ship combat is also quite fun -- the soundtrack helps here too -- and far more skill-oriented than the Realtime Battle interface of FTL (in which combat was extremely fun and extremely visceral, up until the point you discovered that optimum play involved almost no randomness and might as well be a computer-assisted speedrun).  Unfortunately, Speed is King and just about any battle can be won with judicious manoeuvre and enough patience, regardless of the relative size of your enemy... although facing down three destroyers in your starter corvette will probably be hairy, as it is possible in some circumstances to be unable to dodgeeverything, and rockets can hurt pretty badly.  There is stillsomedrive toward the end.Since Chipzel sells the soundtrack separately (and, depending on your Steam regional pricing (ugh), cheaper than the DLC here), if you just want the soundtrack you might as well buy it straight from the source and skip buying the game.  I lean toward suggesting that you don't buy the game, since it is somewhat disappointing, but if you do buy it, there'll still be some enjoyment for you.  It's a broken diamond in the rough; you won't get a solid diamond out of it after the work put in... but might be able to squeeze out a couple of 1/4 carat earrings or something."
76561198003167471,Recommended,280360,17098602,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Fatsy Piggins,"Aside from a few issues (controls, UI and pathfinding) this game is superb. There's a sense of adventure that you don't often get from games these days. Also, one of my crewmembers has gone bald which must be slightly irritating as he used to be a woman and wasn't consulted about the sex change."
,Not Recommended,280360,17119736,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tibelius,"Bought it, Played it for an hour or so and then refunded. The game crashed twice during that and my character got teleported inside the ground and got stuck. Movement is clunky and gameplay just isn't fun. Can't recommend"
,Recommended,280360,17112025,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Not_Mittz,"This game is incredible.  It borrows heavily from multiple games but the developer did an amazing job combining all the different genres  while also giving everything a unique twist and personality.  The games story and space combat remind me of EV Nova with some FTL energy/weapon/crew mechanics mixed in.  Ship combat is strategic with players commanding their individual ships on a 2D map directing movement paths and weapon targets.  While cruising between planets, the game reminds me of pixel piracy where you have to manage food, entertainment, and rest.  The ground combat also feels a bit like this as you can command a group of people to move/attack but don't actually have individual control over a single person as you would in a game like starbound/terraria.Music is amazing and fitting to what is happening on screen.Story appears to be linear and the planets that you land on are not procedurally generated.That being said, some of the random events that can take place can contribute to some amazing character development!  My captain was blasted by some form of alien light and had his chromosomes mixed up.  Soon after, while still coming to terms with her new identity, she was pelted with a high level dose of radiation and lost her hair (same with the other crew member at the time).  Donning a bird mask and alien armor, she forged ahead, slowly building her crew and ship into a small fleet with her weapons specialist (baldy) becoming her number 2.  But not all events turn out so well, she reflects back upon those that were lost and who she will lose next as she continues her journey to save mankind (as well as turn a quick profit).This game has some good elements to it and will do remarkably well with a content patch later on to address some of the issues below.  Personally, I would love to see some procedurally generated content/worlds to explore!The Good :-Pixel Art Style with equipable Armor/Clothing graphics on all the races.-Customizable ship interiors-Amazing game combat-Music-Character development via random events-Good planet designs, not terribly large but enough to have fun with.-Witty humorThe Bad:-Crew path finding can sometimes go full stupid as they get stuck in a loop of trying to make a jump only to hurl themselves off a cliff or just completely forget what it is they were doing and stand there.-UI can be a tad clunky.  Hotkeys and button placements try, but don't feel streamlined.  Really needs a ""combat stations"" button that will reassign all crew members and energies to a player saved setting.-Pausing the game in space combat does not stop asteroids from moving, just the ships/projectiles.-Each faction only has a handful of ships to play with.-Nothing is explained!  What does this symbol on your armor mean?  How does armor work?  What are the basic mechanics/principles for individual crew inventory?  How do you use ship armor plates to repair?The Ugly:-Resource gathering takes FOREVER!  Launching a ship back out to space, watching the 7 second animation liftoff, moving a single item into the appropriate inventory, and finally re-landing the ship all to sell a stupid 20mm gun that you picked up in a fight is TEDIOUS!  Everything in this game eats away at your precious time in small 1-7 second intervals!-Item inventory can also get a tad ugly, especially when trying to fit out ships in your fleet and you can't tell if the engineering stations in your fleet inventory is better or worse then what you have currently equipped to a fighter you never directly fly with.  This stems from the clunky UI design, but it doesn't become terrible until this point.-I found an asteroid where I wasn't able to leave from!  My captain was at the bottom of a cliff that I couldn't get back up from.  Luckily the game auto-saved prior to me landing on that rock."
,Recommended,280360,17130644,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ben,4 / 5
,Recommended,280360,17153770,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,stillrabbit730,"i really liked the game, the trading, combat, speech , are all very well made"
,Recommended,280360,26544597,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MrFreeze231,"I've had a blast with this game. It scratched an itch I needed after my Terraria days and FTL. This game is different than each of the previous mentioned. I would say the game is pretty linear, but has a lot of replayability. There are tons of ships and types of crews to chose from."
,Recommended,280360,17111229,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"This is a really cool game. It's a little rough around the edges at the moment -- there's a few bugs here and there, particularly with regard to camera control and keyboard responsiveness -- but its potential and charm shine through.The most exciting thing about this game is that it's the first game I've played for YEARS that feels like a successor to classic space exploration games like Star Control II and Starflight. It doesn't rely on procedural generation to try and be interesting -- procedurally generated worlds often end up being dull, anyway -- and instead provides an interesting, vaguely Mass Effect-esque plot regarding mysterious ""Abductors"" to follow as you explore the galaxy in your relic of a starship, harvesting resources from planets and attempting to make your fortune.There's a nice blend between FTL-style crew management in space and vaguely RTS-esque gameplay for away missions. The crew AI is a little flaky -- at times they'll think to satisfy their own food/sleep/fun needs for themselves, while others they'll stand staring blankly at a wall when the fridge/stasis tube/jukebox is right next to them -- and pathfinding is occasionally completely broken, with crewmembers getting into ""loops"" where they fail to make a jump and repeatedly fall down the same pit over and over again, but big picture: these issues don't detract from an overall satisfying experience, and hopefully the developers will fix them in the long term.One thing I will say, and this is just a matter of personal taste: the humour in this game is entertaining and fun, but I'm actually quite hungry for a game of this ilk that takes itself just a little more seriously. That doesn't mean that there can't be humour -- the Star Trek TV shows struck a good balance between humour and drama, for example -- but I feel the experience in this game may well have been more compelling and immersive if crew members didn't wander around saying things like ""poop"" and ""welp"" and having names like Ugly Nostrils. Again, this doesn't detract from the overall experience (and, in a feature that makes me very happy indeed, you can rename all your crew members) but it's just a point of taste I wanted to raise.Overall, then, this is well worth a punt if you're a fan of the classic space exploration games I mentioned earlier."
76561198056603013,Recommended,280360,25309686,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,bowen324,Fun little comical side scroller with rpg elements.
,Not Recommended,280360,23747907,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Captain Awful,"A fun game, but some pretty serious bugs with having multiple ships. It gets confused where the crew members are, and keeps crew members in the list when they die. I had it replicate my main ship instead of showing the fighter.A bit dissapointing I would see so many bugs early on. Hopefully they get that sorted out."
76561198033937349,Not Recommended,280360,17429005,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Und9rCr0ft,"Its Fun for a bit, but its not realy big enough. (in my opinion)Alright This game has some cool space simulation aspects and an interesting buy and sell trading system.Its Fun to explore and discover new places, ""oh this place likes to buy scrap"" or ""I can but dna realy cheap here, who buys it?""It seems like the humans and aliens in my ship are workaholics who wont go deal with hunger automaticly or other issues they experience, yeah thats the space sim micromanaging, but it gets tedious after a long time and its best to buy robots.The market as of my review is static, unchanging, yes its a planet your selling to. We could never sell enough to change the amount a planet needs right...But it makes the places you buy and sell always the same, if there was a way that the needs of solar systems change and a better way of figuring them out, you may have more reason to explore other planets.So currently Ill have to say its not quite worth it unless you are realy interested in the game, but I cant say you will be able to enjoy it as long as other space sim games."
76561198004897476,Not Recommended,280360,32764951,Posted: 25 June,all,Traskelion,"I played Interstellaria for about three hours, and had it on for three-ish more while working.   All in all, it is a game bogged down by cumbersome and unreliable UI:Double-clicking on a crew member portrait does not really 'center' your view on them, it moves it somewhat toward them and decides ""eh, good enough, he's around a screen-length away in some direction, you can probably find him"".Coins dropped from combat may appear in walls, and continue falling in air when the pause button is hit.Giving a crew member a command in Pause will often do nothing at all once unpaused, until you re-select the crew member, which seems to actually turn the gears in their head.Sometimes they still won't listen when unpaused.  I've had crew members die in a fight several times because they ignored my order to Return To Ship and just awaited the embrace of death.I've given an order to attack, for one crew member to situate himself on the other side of the assailant...through a door.  A locked door.  A locked door behind which he had to fight the enemy by himself, then wait until the others found the unlock button elsewhere in the building.Scrolling the view via keyboard works fine sometimes, then other times will simply do nothing.  I can find no rhyme or reason to why it sometimes decides you're going to use mouse scrolling for a while.The mouse scrolling requires your mouse to be at the edge, naturally.  Except putting the game at fullscreen, there was some excess at the sides.  Excess in which the mouse would go into, no longer show up or be counted by the game.  This meant that I could only scroll sideways by keeping the cursor at a ""sweet spot"".And for Pete's sake, when you select ""Fast Forward"" to speed up time (which you WILL use, and plenty), it speeds up the mouse scrolling!  A bit too much if there's something specific you wanted to look at, instead of speed past.Also, the first planet you visit is named Trenzalore.  The third, you find a ""great"" bounty hunter who took a few steps in a cave and decided ""Eh, good enough.  He must not be here."".  While sparse, that's the humor they go for, so take into account whether it's hit or miss for you.All that aside, the game does multiple things that are interesting for a short bit.  Harvesting everything in a sight before you leave a landing site is fun before it gets tedious, an hour in.  Manually dodging enemy fire is fun until you find it needing more comfortable controls, an hour in.  Outfitting multiple crew members for combat roles is fun before you find all combat is ""select your crew members, and bum rush"", an hour in.  Keeping an eye on crew's hunger, sleep, and boredom seems neat before you see how inane and without benefit the whole system is, an hour in.  There's just enough polish that you can tell someone cared about their ideas and wanted it to matter, but not enough to feel those ideas went anywhere.Final result: The first couple hours were interesting, but trying.  By the start of the third, I ran out of care."
76561198014237926,Recommended,280360,17167057,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tearjerker,"Refunded Alien:Isolation *I bought it on sale for $12* Got this. I love it. Would do it again 100times over. The overall feel is a mix between terraria and FTL. But the open wordness exceeds both, but the combat seems to be something all on its own.Though I do hope they give some of the 'boards' if you will in the sidescrolling parts such as stations more textures some of them seem to be missing. Minor complaint though. Nothing game breaking and nothing that makes me not love this gem."
76561198031893487,Not Recommended,280360,33004757,Posted: 29 June,all,drunkengoth,"I would like to recommend it as it has a lovely retro feel and wide ranging universe plus some nice ideas around ship management, building, trading, battling etc. However, the biggest no is the level of bugs, I've only been playing a couple of hours and have encountered a ton, some which make the game unplayable i.e. your inventory becoming full of one item that won't disappear, okay it means you can sell it infinitely and have a ton of cash but you can't buy anything (other than ships) because your inventory is now full. Debris you can't collect, mobs and loot respawning, the tutorial just choking early on so I had to learn the game by trial and error. The lack of a manual or help. Basically a lot of playability issues. I like the idea of the game but the glitches make me not want to play it.Oh and on a minor gameplay note the resource gathering mechanic on colony worlds seems a bit pointlessly labour intensive and the screen navigation and unit selection can be very clunky.Soooo... great potential but without the bug fixes a definite big NO! With bug fixes then a potentially fun game (though better help/usability would make it a better one)"
,Recommended,280360,25276806,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Wu Dangly Clan,Land on planetsend team of best four men down to surface to scoutsee robotscharge themteam is wiped out except for 1head back to porthire 10 men and arm them with crappy pistolssend them into the den of robots with my 1 good guy behind themthe n00bs are wiped outbut it doesnt replace the loss of my 3 good menmake promise to avenge themnever avenged them/10
76561198107898716,Recommended,280360,17431454,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,sharkyshark111,"It is a fun space exploration-type game with a little bit of the sims included meaning you have to take care of there needs, and if you like chalenges try managing a large fleet."
,Recommended,280360,24078016,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ysucae,"Nice, nervous combat system.Amazing music.Cool designs and universe.Not long enough. Tragedy!"
76561198002593919,Recommended,280360,17099283,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Flux Aldrin,"This is a non turn-based FTL on steroids.  If you liked FTL, you can pretty much say goodbye to your social life if you buy this one.  A few glitches on day one, but I'm sure they will be resolved.  Otherwise, 10 bucks is a travesty for a game this fantastic."
,Recommended,280360,22178706,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Captain Jack,"First off, this review is biased.I bought the game and within an hour my ships had randomly blown itself up for no apparent reason ending my game prematurely. This was very frustrating and led to me refunding the game.It wasn't until much after this that I found out that there is a hotkey right next to the movement keys that signals your ship to self destruct.Great keymapping 10/10"
,Recommended,280360,17097592,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,[DJF] Grombur,"That store video, as the beautyful hommage to Starship Troopers it is, made me buy the game."
76561198110991563,Recommended,280360,19150456,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Boris Kaskapov,"A surprising mix of the old Starflight saga with Terraria.  Well executed, great immersive soundtrack and lovely old school but detailed pixel art.  A few GUI glitches here and there, but nothing that impacts the fun of the game."
,Recommended,280360,17798771,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shorts,"Most of the bugs that negative reviews cite have been fixed, and functionality such as a crew roster and buy x10 and x100 buttons for trading have been added to make parts of the game less tedious. (Oh and you can sell stuff from your fleet inventory now so having two inventories isn't as big of a problem) I had a lot of fun with this game, though it's shorter than other games in the same genre such as Starflight and Escape Velocity. I wish the universe had more depth but there are still plenty of secrets and interesting side quests you can pick up if you know where to look. You should buy it."
,Not Recommended,280360,25248043,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,iggythepyro,"Having played for half an hour, I've run into six bugs which meant I had to restart the game, mostly during the tutorial. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone, and if you do decide to buy it anyway, I recommend you skip the tutorial and look up the controls online."
,Recommended,280360,17131271,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Vulpsi,"Pretty fun game, Buuuuuuuut, the feeling of early access is strong with it.Still, I am gunna keep playing it, hoping to see some good work and frequent updates, because as it is, I have already lost 3 crew men to them being knock out of the map by enemys and thier knock back. xD"
,Recommended,280360,17119918,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TodPunk,"This is a fantastically indie strategy adventure game thingamajig.  There's a good balance between too complicated and too much going on and just far too simplistic to call itself strategy, and I feel this hits that balance really well.  Charming and nicely musical, I can see actually getting through the whole game here, which is rare for me (I tend to get enough for the experience in an indie and move on).If you like an RTS style adventure game or the like, it's probably going to fit nicely in your library."
76561197967687345,Not Recommended,280360,25259559,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Herr Popogeil,It'll be really fun when it's done.It's not done.
76561198031217009,Recommended,280360,17121514,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,bayahund,"This game is horrible! - I downloaded it and played it 12 hours straight ... my wife is upset that I didn't do the home chores, the dog is upset that it didn't get a proper walk. It is a game that gets you in this Civ mentality...just one more planet....one more ship encounter... AHHH, so much to do, so much to see. And the cute graphics. This is my type of game..."
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,280360,19572834,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,"Rating: 3 of 10The game idea is nice, the ship combat is very good, however this game is not worth it.# Good* Amazing ship combat.* If you have trouble sleeping buy this game.* Your crew have good and/or bad thraits.# Bad* Looting on planets its 100% auto, i get sleepy often.* Very bad UI (new UI coming in next patch).* Ugly graphics.* Universe is very small.* You cant land at some planets and some planets only have a store.* No factions/reputation system.* Space travel is to slow because there are no jump gates, at least the universe is small.* Pathfinding bugs."
,Recommended,280360,17100142,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Eik,"Landed on old home planet searching for what happened to the colonists that lived there. Captain and first mate exploring town. Accidentally hit a key that made my robot helper lift off my spaceship, stranding me on the surface. Game informs me robot helper cannot land ships.  9/10 would make robot helper captain again."
,Not Recommended,280360,17116817,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,William Williams,"When you first play this game, and if you're of a certain age, the visuals and audio will capture you in a haze of nostalgia. The opening story, the design, everything about it looked like Flashback (and a flashback). When you play for an hour or two though, you quickly realise how formulaic the game is. It all boils down to this: land on a new planet, kill everything, loot everything, take off again. That's it. There is a main story threaded through, but it never distracts you from the fact that you're doing precisely the same actions every time. Waiting for your crew to loot an entire map is one thing, but travelling via the starmap is agonisingly dull; three actual minutes to reach another star, with nothing happening, is ludicruous.Ultimately, it could have been great but is an exercise in boredom. One of those rare games I received a refund for."
,Recommended,280360,28794311,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Naliao,Very interesting and fun little game! Highly reccomend if you like exploring and running around doing various things
,Recommended,280360,24260948,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SquidIII,It's really fun.
,Recommended,280360,17100510,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Kalogrym,"Fantastic game so far. A few launch bugs but the developer was quick to patch them within a few hours.  Only downside I can speak of at this point is the User Interface. Fair warning to all those interested, it's clunky and at first takes some time to figure out, but over time it becomes a bit easier to understand.   I wouldn't let that keep you from picking up this game though."
,Recommended,280360,30350169,Posted: 5 March,all,Dangerous Beans,"Could be better, but it's not bad for a space exploration/management game."
76561198090465584,Not Recommended,280360,17115570,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,☢Thoie☢,I got it was really excited but it was just boring and the tutorial does not explain alot of things :O
,Not Recommended,280360,17131106,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BANANA FUCKERS™,"As previous reviewers have mentioned, there is a significant difference between Interstellaria's advertising, and what you actually get once you get in-game. I have spent approximately 18 hours playing this game as of the time writing this review, so I feel that my experiences with it have come to encompass a lot of what the game has to offer.This is a disappointingly linear game. Unlike what the advertising may have you believe, you are bound to a static map and an incredibly linear storyline. The random elements extend to only your crew members that you start with, drops, and space events which occur as you travel across the Starmap. There are also random events that pop up when you land on planets, but these are trivial and I have never seen a single event yield any kind of noteworthy dividends.The main plot suggests that you are a member of the Interstellar Trade Co. With this in mind, I found it incredibly confusing how little actual trading there is to do in the game. Unlike other games which actually do have organic space economies (I'm looking at you, Starsector), Interstellaria literally has a -small- handfull of stations that will pay slightly more for bogus commodities which after the first 15 minutes of gameplay are no longer even cost effective to collect and sell vs the superior option of farming ship modules in space battles.I actually haven't found the buggyness of the game to be that bad during my time playing it. Don't get me wrong - bugs do exist just about everywhere. The worst one I experienced was being teleported 40 feet into the ground when I attempted to disembark my crew from my ship. I've also noticed strange FPS drops when having multiple characters firing Needler rifles at the same time. None of these have actually done too much damage to my ability to sink time into the game. Also, the developer appears to be addressing these issues as they arise pretty dilligently. I think that is worth some consideration given how many people are complaining about this point.Another area of disappointment for me is the lack of significant character development. There are random events that can occur (mostly when running into space anomalies on the starmap) which can give your characters interesting conditions/perks/disabilities. But these are mostly trivial and I never felt like any of these events were even noteworthy occurences in my playthrough. There is an augmentations system which lets you do permenantly enhance characters with things like shields and alien powers. This was my favorite part of the game in terms of character progression. But there's just not enough of it to keep me engaged. You seem to stumble across Augmentations by visiting planets with pre-scripted Augmentation yielding dialogue trees. I've never had an augmentation come from a random loot drop. Furthermore, character stats appear to only affect their ability to interact with the ship while it's in space. This is an issue since about 50% of the game is spent running around planetside. The only way to modify your characters is through their gear, and you will max your gear out within 3 hours of playing. This can be done in even less time if you know which planets to go to for farming.The map may appear somewhat large. But it's actually quite small since a solid 40-50% of the planets on the map are non-embarkable. They're just there as filler. The planets you can go to are usually very small, and have small side areas which only open up through dialogue trees and the acquisition of new items. If you are excited for the prospect of exploring, go find another game because this one simply won't scratch the itch. Also, there is nothing procedural about this game for those of you who I see asking whether or not it is.In summaryPRO+Very, very cool artstyle.+Great music and sound design+Ship landings feel very cinematic and are consistently fun to watch+Still fun despite numerous problems+Reasonably priced+Still has a lot of potential depending on what the dev plans on doing from here onwardsCON+Extremely linear+Not much content+Buggy at the time of release (Subject to change, though)+Most decisions are trivial+Very little character progression+The only way to accomplish anything in a reasonable amount of time is by engaging in very gamey grinding+You will burn through 100% of the content this game has to offer very quickly+Almost zero replayability+Nothing procedural anywhere to encourage replay value+Most of the map is filler, with only about 50% of the planets being embarkable"
,Not Recommended,280360,19392699,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,2BuckChuck,"The game looks great and full of flavor, but unfortunately its nigh unplayable. Crashes often, and freezes occasionally. There's no way ive discovered to save your game so every time i crashes you have to restart. From what ive been able to play, the dialogue options are just a reskinned CONTINUE button. One time I made it to the space ship. I boarded the ship and waited. I clicked everything in the ship. Nothing happened. I hit every key on my keyboard. suddenly the ship exploded. That's when i decided i wanted a refund."
76561198070774931,Recommended,280360,17204407,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,T-Rax,GOOD FUN 9.75/10
76561198197765779,Recommended,280360,31576994,Posted: 6 May,all,Dewyverse12,"Althouth it may be hard for some people to grasp what button does whatyou begin to learn the more you play. It is a nice and simple game done very well. I have been playing Interstellaria for a short amount of time so far, but I'm really enjoying it. I highly reccomend Interstellaria to those who wish for something new or maybe something fresh. I hope you enjoy it aswell."
76561197986994195,Recommended,280360,33929720,Posted: 31 July,all,TheHammeredOne,"Love what the one-man-dev-shop ColdRiceGames did here, as it is a fun little jaunt around a galaxy.While there are still some pieces missing (that I believe the dev plans to eventually add) such as a more dynamic economy, or more challenging AI for space/ground combat, Interstellaria is an indie gem that totally has great content behind it.And let's not forget the fact that the game is also blessed with a Chipzel soundtrack."
,Recommended,280360,17105765,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[PjA]Tails,"Amazing. I can't believe this flew under my radar all the way until it was released. Every time I find myself going ""I wish <x> feature was in"", I end up finding it five minutes later. The ship combat feels sort of like upgraded FTL, as does the fleet and crew mechanics. Then there's sections where you can run around on planets and stations. The game is roughly 50/50 ship and ground combat, and both sections feel engaging and unique."
76561198015321515,Not Recommended,280360,25349859,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Christopher,"I like the aethetic and it starts off with a good sense of humor, but it's hard to understand what is going on in the game; there's no conveyance and no help.Crew members will just disappear (are they hungry? upset? is it a bug?) and you will have no idea why. I bought a second ship and watched it turn into scrap metal because apparently you can have enough crew for two ships, but the second ship will just be empty as you tractor it around space--you won't know this, however, until you enter battle with a hostile and you can't move because you are slowly trying to move two ships, only one of which is crewed.It might be fun with a walkthrough, but then... what's the point? Just watch an LP."
,Recommended,280360,17545259,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,My drone died
,Recommended,280360,17607735,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Hawthorn,Amazing game .. simply amazing!
76561197991412153,Recommended,280360,17117477,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,iHazCode,"Let me start off by saying, this game does not seem to be aimed at the teeny bopper or instant gratification crowd of console gamers. In fact this game probably won't even resonate with a vast majority of 20 somethings. Make no mistake this is a THINKING MANS GAME. Reminds me alot of the feeling I got when playing star control, or bridge commander, ever some roguelikes to some degree due to the way that alot of the story is going to take place in your imagination, something alot of people these days don't tolerate with these AAA games that cost 60 dollars (and in some cases, for certain games you shouldn't have to)... That said, this isn't that game.If you would love to see what it's like to have a chance to comandeer your own starship (or fleet of starships). Handpicking your own crew , or perhaps choosing to go Han Solo, and travelling the universe at your own leasure to see what kind of adventures you can stir up, you just might like this. Personally, for 10 dollars I'm ashamed at some of the comments I've seen. I personally am very happy to have found this, and for those of you who liked the old golden age of space exploration games, I think you will too!This game is absolutely superb space opera. A game where you create a crew, buy a ship, explore the universe. I'm taken back by this game seriously... This would make an AMAZING mobile title... iPad or iPhone version possibly?"
76561197978475674,Recommended,280360,17103094,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Alkirin,"Fun little game, cheap enough.Just be mindful, it has quite a few little bugs to still hammer through."
76561198070085983,Recommended,280360,17163368,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,dynaminx,10/10Better than Elite Dangerous
76561198043689144,Not Recommended,280360,17129910,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Puppy,"Pros:-Expands on the ideas in FTL: Faster Than Light-Can now visit planets-Ship and crew setup are more individualCons:-Horrible crew AI-Half of your inputs are ignored-Visiting planets seems fun at first, but gets old really fast"
76561198070605428,Not Recommended,280360,17341430,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Crappletini,"Works terrible. Slow, and right click doesn't work for Mac, making it unplayable."
,Not Recommended,280360,17500740,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,threeslash,"This game has really nice art and great audio but it's simply too shallow, clunky, linear, and glitchy to reccomend. It has a few redeeming qualities, like said art and music, and it has an okay sense of humor and is fun for certain parts. If it's on sale for a buck or two then pick it up, but don't buy it for full price."
,Not Recommended,280360,17164036,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,yaay,"Massive letdown. Wants to be a love letter to Star Control 2 or Starflight, ends up being a ♥♥♥♥♥ier, shorter EV Nova.The game is completely linear, space combat is Defender with an rts control scheme that bizarrely takes place in a tiny letterbox window, while ground combat is right click and wait.crew and system management is a nightmare because of the terrible UI.  The gameworld is dead - the factions exist only for the narrative, trade economy is static and the majority of worlds you can visit serve to advance a single plot point and nothing else. There's very little side content or reason to explore.This leaves narrative as a selling point. The racial factions are distinct and fairly well characterised, but this is wasted because the majority the player's time will be spent chasing macguffins or noname npcs, and progress is constantly barred by 'fetch me x' or 'kill ten bears' quests from a very early stage this feels like padding.Interstellaria stikes me as a game where the designer's ambition far outstrips what they could actually do with the time, money, and manpower they had, and the game's systems as they're implemented now make me think there was nowhere near enough feedback during alpha."
,Not Recommended,280360,17167534,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Philosoraptor (Will),"First and foremost, this game is story driven and linear, though the story itself is pretty weak.Good:- Nice colour palettes and aesthetically pleasing pixel art- Tiers of equipment were an interesting touchBad:- Repetitive and Linear gameplay- Extremely limited number of planets- Very little customisation offered- Virtually no replayabilityBut hey, it's $10, and you'll probably get your moneys worth. Don't expect much more, though."
76561198012401589,Not Recommended,280360,17111667,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,EmptyOwl,"This game would be much more fun if they made information and UI elements easier to access.  You have to drill down far too often for information that is critical and it feels lile I am fighting the UI itself far too often.  If you have the patience for that, or a fantasic memory, this is a light, repetitive, romp with charm."
76561197961574495,Not Recommended,280360,17177781,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,L'Elfe Cif,"It is a very good idea and it seems it could be really nice to play, but many bugs like the characters that dissappears from the ship and the character that loops when you give an order and some others kill the game...I have been creating my fleet and some characters dissappeared for no reason or at least I didn't see any log for it and as well a fire burned down my ship and my crew died trying to extinguish the fire, I had to give up the ship... My joy caught on fire after that too !!Maybe need to give a try in 2 month at least in order to see if the bugs dissappear.I can't really say about the story because I did only the first quest, but I was confused on the rest of that too."
76561198047818290,Not Recommended,280360,17359421,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jackblaster,"I really enjoyed this game. I was fully immersed and just really having a good time until my dudes got stuck under the floor on a world, I hadnt saved in hours.. So I restarted the game, same thing, totally immersed and bang, dudes stuck under floor again. When this happens you have to go back to your original save, the game does autosaves but you have to die for it to load them. Anyway.  Meh, killed it for me. I think they need to iron some kinks out and expand the content before I would reccomend anyone purchase this game."
,Not Recommended,280360,17133968,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wendy's Original Potato Fries,"overcomplicated setup, more difficult than it needs to be, and pretty desolate"
,Recommended,280360,24042629,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xels,Yet another Chucklefish masterpice. Keep up the good work!
76561198021630797,Not Recommended,280360,18743129,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Hart,Clunky
76561198002168231,Recommended,280360,17717918,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DragonHalo99,Heres a challenge for everyone! I call it the trade co Challenge. Beat the game with the old empire frigate and don't lose the original crewman and drone copter!!!
,Recommended,280360,25248048,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Rowr,"Seems awesome, i've only put an hour or so into it so far but it seems well worth the 4 dollar sale price."
76561197993248610,Not Recommended,280360,34513023,Posted: 26 August,all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"This game gets worse evertime i play it, do not buy. I'm sure this game was great for dev to learn and create something but as for playing this game is total trash."
76561198048407264,Recommended,280360,17360497,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dillonsplosion,SO MUCH FUN OMG WTF BBQ
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,280360,25483299,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ORAA,"The story is boring, the music gave me a headache, the art too, and finally the gameplay was jsut BAD!, it would've been great if the developer(1 guy) worked on this more before releasing or broght more people.alot of potential was in this game, if you like to support the man behind it... BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,280360,17158671,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Chepe,"it's not bad games and i will buy it again after sales for like 50%.it just disappointing.when i saw gameplay trailer and read about feature i was like 'WOW, ALL MY LIFE HAS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS'i bought this as soon as the game release. i believe i bought it after the game release for like 3 minute.at first i was having a blast. this look amazing in many ways. the space combat are amazing. the details are so great. and you can even land on planet!2 hours in. i refund.the game fall down right into nothing but boredom straight forward space exploration games. most of the landing area are so tiny and the universe are fixed and just look too small. the details are great only at first hours. after that it's only just sell stuff, buy some gear and move on. i found almost no story existance. soundtrack are cheesy and it make my ears hurt enough and force me to shut the music and open interstellar soundtrack up. it's not epic. it's lame for a game like this.the exploration part oh my god. it's so repetitive. interstellar insprie me in so many ways including the planet that didn't have any logic at all. and every space games should be that way. but no. this game just have exactly what other games have. i'm not even mention how small the world is.this game just didn't do it for me. even for indie titles this game should be far far better than this. sorry dev for the refund but it's not worth my money for the content you're offer right now. i'll promise i will buy this again.for now i give 5/10"
,Not Recommended,280360,17358540,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A nice idea hampered by inocherent controls, lack of documentation,I'd like to give Interstellaria a good review.  It's heart is in the right place - an open space adventure with click-crew mechanics, expandable ships, fleets and more - with Roguelike elements.  Unfortunately that's something I can't do.The game lacks clear documentation or direction, often leading to a lot of pointing, clicking, and frustration.  It's almost as if the attempts to mix simplicity and complexity were backwards, with simplicity where complexity was needed and vice versa.  I rarely give up on games early, but in this case I decided to, simply, as I wasn't having fun.In time, it may be improved.  At the core it seems well worth playing and embraces its ideas - but as of this time, I can't say it's worth purchasing, much to my regret."
76561198062710245,Not Recommended,280360,26407565,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,snapperfisch,frustrating ui that hasnt been though out mires this clumsy game in boring micro managing and a general lack of control ofver actions of your crew and ship make is unplayable
,Recommended,280360,24098234,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,soft,"I have nothing but love for this title.9,99€ for it is a steal - get it!"
,Not Recommended,280360,17251030,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Literally The Worst,"Interstellaria is an open world space action-adventure game, which doesn't say much. It can trace its lineage back to older games like Spaceflight and even newer ones like FTL. It does not, however, manage to stand atop their shoulders. Surprising amounts of the game require no participation from the player and many design descisions serve only as obfuscations. For more, check out theVIDEO REVIEW.https://youtu.be/RjcECX7TcQs"
,Not Recommended,280360,17136246,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wi ing,"It's a good game with some interesting mechanics and concepts, I want to like it but...I just can't.I just wish my saved game would load.On top of that, the controls are incredibly tiring, virtually everything in this game is controlled through using your mouse to click buttons on screen - it makes it exhausting to play when things like the pause button, routing power to systems during combat, or finding a specific crewmate could be mapped to buttons on the keyboard."
76561197977400499,Not Recommended,280360,17108153,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,LeeHarveyOswald |LMC| (Pschwomp),Fun for 40 minutes. But the playablity is low. It's very click intensive. Really just needs more polishing.Overall I give it a thumbs down. You'll just want to play FTL after playing this for 30 minutes. This is a fun game but needing to keep the crew happy and fed and well rested is beyond tedious; this is the reason why the game is ruined.I didnt really like this game for that only reason.The rest of the gameplay is really cool. I could see myself playing for hours. Porbably a good mod would fix this game.
76561198030598611,Recommended,280360,17114987,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,-=WavE=-,"This is what Starbound supposed to by - great game, about space exploration and discovery of new worlds.Shame on Chucklefish as publisher."
76561198112217953,Not Recommended,280360,17206338,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,thisbeBaxter,"I can't even play the game because I glitch behind the stairs in the starting house. PLease fix this problem, I've been looking forward to playing this game for several months and am frusterated that I can't"
,Not Recommended,280360,29369224,Posted: 19 January,all,viliusdidit,"random performance issues, failed to sell items - just keeps hanging after pressing 'my items'."
,Recommended,280360,24737685,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,2cwldys,"Really great game, first hour led me into what I think of the future, endless hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,280360,20006860,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,HuffingJenkem,Screen goes black and unresponsive after I crash. After restarting 5 times I've got a bit bored of replaying the 10 minutes of tutorial I can actually access.
,Not Recommended,280360,18721283,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,symphony,"Lovely atmosphere and artwork, but the controls and lack of hotkeys ruin it for me."
76561198079302056,Not Recommended,280360,26576170,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,geoffparsons,"Used to work, now unplayable."
,Not Recommended,280360,23665165,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,seize the means,"vaporware. another early access shitcake with no ongoing development and no worth. bought it for 20 bucks, and heavily regret being fooled by the usual early access snakeoil salesmen."
76561198080477509,Recommended,280360,17111339,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Alpha_pro,"Great game!  All the negative reviews are people who are comparing this to starbound, THIS IS NOT STARBOUND this is interstellaria they are two different things.  Do not complain if you were expecting starbound."
,Not Recommended,280360,17209424,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,XenoLocke,"I really wanted to like this game as the graphics look good.  Sadly, gameplay was not very good. Horrible Interface made planetside missions and spaceship control tedious.  Refunded."
,Not Recommended,280360,17116222,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,∃,"Remember kids, multiply the version number by .6 before you buy a game these days."
76561198111861932,Not Recommended,280360,17113670,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Katja,"Although it looks interesting, the controls are all over the place. I'm sure some people may say you just need to get used to them, but even then, there isn't much contrast between objects for you to tell the difference between things. It all seems to mesh together... There isn't much to the space battles. Your ship is stationary and all the action is at the bottom of the screen in a tiny box. At the very least, there should've been some kind of background on the main screen to add to the feeling of space. If you guide your ship right next to a meteor or missile, have it fly by the ship above the tiny monitor at the bottom. It was little things like this that kinda put me off."
,Not Recommended,280360,17284778,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Snyde,If you like FTL... you're gonna hate this game- No replayability- Every playthorugh is the same exact map all over again- Unecessary time wasted waiting for the crew to gather rescources- They tried to add platforming?
76561197988909550,Recommended,280360,17103416,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Abbadom,"Slow paced oldshool game.Don't expect hammering graphics or action without limit. If it is this you're searching for go back to MLP where you belong to.Back to the cause why you should buy this game:Did you love FTL but found it way to short and repetitive?Do you like Sci-Fi and SpaceOperas?Do you favor gameplay over graphics?If you could answer at least 2 of this questions with a yes this game is a must buy for a fair price.Now about the game:It is played slowly, what mind seem boring but allows you to micromanage battles and damages, and this is really helpful. You don't aim your weapons manually and your accuracy is influenced by the crewmans skill operating the NAV-Console.Ah yes the Crewmember... yeah. Equip them, feed them, kill them (at least that guy with the red shirt xD). They are necessary for everything. Flying your ship, exploring planets and making comments about each other. If you don't have enough Crew onboard you will likely be a shooting brick in space or running for your life without even firing.There are still a few minor bugs, but nothing gamebreaking so far.To the devs:Thank you guyys and keep on supporting this beauty."
76561198093820438,Not Recommended,280360,17753318,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,snalex007,"Who make a makes a game with no auto save and puts the start new game on the same page as the save game. In my opinion anyone who wants to get this game should not because it's a waste of money and it will take you a week of playing non-stop to finsh it that with out stops at trade posts. Let's say you have the game and want a better ship well the best is 100, 000 and every trade post you go too you want to buy something so you will never have enough to buy a better ship. In conclusion anyone who wants to buy Interstellaria (what kind of a name is that) don't it's a waste of money. Get FTL instead it's a way better game than this."
76561198041819359,Not Recommended,280360,17272874,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Who-dis-Kid?,Takes to long to get into for such a simple game.
,Recommended,280360,24401525,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"I don't even remember buying this, but I must have had a good reason."
,Not Recommended,280360,17194517,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,يخفف,This game really suck.
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,280360,23122520,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Layla,"boring, bland looking graphics and its just meh."
76561198054201361,Not Recommended,280360,17100393,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,fu22ypeachez,"Don't buy this game, not worth 10$ i was looking forward to this and it just awful, the game froze twice on me not much works, and plus its just not fun. One of the wprst part about this game is that there is no tutorial on how to do ant thing it took me about 30 minutes to figure out how to make my people eat and sleep. Only buy if it goes in sale for about a dollar not worth any more"
,Not Recommended,280360,17103176,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,JaCrispy,"Got it refunded.  UI is clunky. Game begins entirely too slow.  Took me 15 minutes to get bored and never got to any of the ""features"" listed on the store page.  Just kept walking around this ugly pixel guy.  The pixel art isn't the new kind of nice pixel art either, its just the old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics.  I had a sega, its 2015, no thank you."
,Not Recommended,280360,29949599,Posted: 15 February,all,ThePatchWorkHoax,"I don't know what to say about this game...This was my FIRST EVER steam game and I had a choice TERRIARIA (However you spell it) Or this and since I saw alot of terriaria on YT I got this and AS MUCH as I want to love this game, I just can't I really want to but just ALL OF IT puts me off what I want I think It needs more choice and one BIG THING that I would love is Don't make  you have to buy ships MAKE YOU have to buy rooms and upgrade ships and JUST MORE OPTIONS Wish I could recommend this but not untill they do pretty much total revamp I CANT recommend it...(I dont even want to mention the stupid UI)"
,Not Recommended,280360,17101703,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Da reel insumes,I got stuck in the tuorial
76561198051010431,Not Recommended,280360,17098129,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pdox,"Starflight is hands down one of my favorite classics.I mention this because the developer compares their game to it.But this is a pale imitation of its inspiration.This title sufferes from all the problems one would expect from a product in pre-alpha.It has half-baked gamelplay ideas, bugs, and tedium in spades.It's a shame that this is published by such a disreputable company.If it had any quality design oversight it might live up to its forebearers.Do not support Chucklefish after Starbound, it is no coincidence that this game suffers from many of the same problems as their flagship title."
76561198043315398,Recommended,280360,17304370,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,rrodimusprime,I like the style of the game. It really brings to the table what you wanted FLT to bring. However that is not to say FLT is bad. What i did expect and was exited about was working up to be a captain. Like say going to the academy and completeing things that grant you points in the feilds available. then having you join as a raw recruit on a ship and it crashing. then having the black things attack your original ships crew after you repair a ship and forceing you to flee leaveing them to die. Or i just have really high expectations. over all though i love this game and its fun. has pulled me away from BG 2 and icewindale. Thats saying a lot in my book.
76561198203964808,Recommended,280360,17318283,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,pixellurker,love the game
76561198021921512,Recommended,280360,17113222,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tycho Rhade,"Fun, enjoyable, and more then a little quirky. a few bugs, but nothing worth missing out on this game for."
76561198011670196,Recommended,280360,17113252,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CamoLegs,"Pretty good!Was chuffed to see a game like this! been searching for a while for a game where you can hire/fire crew like this , also Chucklefish Games are always good quality you can trust.Definatly worth the money, needs some more game variables like bigger ship upgrades (sizes etc), and details on the crews happiness as they all started leaving me lol!Id give this a Camo rating of 4/5"
,Recommended,280360,17113522,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Blue,"(Apologies for any miss spellings here)Before I get into the nitty-gritty of this.. I've seen a lot of people complaining about the UI, having played the game from start to finish I have to say I had no trouble at all using or understanding it, even from the start. A tip to those people; Helps to play the tutorial.I've also seen many people claiming of crashes, once again, I only had one so I have no idea what these people are doing to get so many. The one crash I had only came about because I tried to augment the dog I brought aboad my crew, though a crash was expected when I did this. seriously though, don't augment dogs.Anyway. As for Interstellaria itself, I highly recommend it. In it's current state it's looking very good and has a lot of promise for the future and I for one look forwards to what it holds.Now for the obligatory pro's and con's list.PROS-Soundtrack is brilliant.-Space combat is pretty interesting, I personally haven't played anything like it.-The platforming aspects are good fun.-Has a good trading system based on colonies supply and demand (this is however static).-Pixel graphical style is very detailed and doesn't assault one's eyes.CONS-The platformer segments have somewhat confusing combat system. By confusing I mean I don't actually know if my guys are moving to attack, or stand around like a lemon no matter how many times I click the enemy.-Pathfinding can sometimes bork, causing your crew to miss jumps endlessly.-Finding appropriatley strong armour and weaponry is difficult, I had to play through the game solely on the basic handguns you find in the first sector.-Fleets are more or less obsolete. I was able to fight the general's ship and win with a single Human Corvett MKII and 2 20mm gattling turrets without losing my shields.The game itself is brilliant and I absolutley enjoyed the hell out of it. I honestly hope this game goes far, and I look forwards to future additions."
,Recommended,280360,17251833,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Para_Docs,Buy and sell ancient relics for lots of cash... Also remember to save.
,Recommended,280360,17259082,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Обучение Посол,"Interstellaria is a beautiful game despite it's lack of adiquate graphics and good animations. The game in itself is almost entirely non-linear, leaving you to go to make your own adventure while leaving a plot for you to follow if you really want, but still being nonmandatorial. Although the game is very well made and at times downright creative for some parts (not to spoil), the game is very glitchy for its bad AI path finding and odd camera movement bugs. So far those are the only flaw-points in the game design-wise, but I'll be damned if they aren't annoying. Overall, I give this game a 8.5/10 for the time being. If the game designers fix the bugs previously stated, it would be a 9."
76561198095917629,Recommended,280360,17111344,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Spooky trade.tf,"Tons of fun and great replayability. A couple minor issues such as characters getting stuck while auto-gathering, characters being hard to select when close to other characters, and a bug made me have to restart the tutorial. Other than that it is alot of fun and I cant wait to see more. Lets hope they just add more planets with things on them.EDIT: the tutorial bug has been paatched :)"
76561198065365087,Recommended,280360,17165803,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Zodiac,"This is a fantastic game, very nostalgic of games of yore such as starflight mixed with FTL and others. I highly recommend this game, as well the developer Cold Rice updates constanly. The soundtrack by Chipzel is also wonderful, as is all her music 10/10 on this game!"
,Recommended,280360,17166593,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,NeCornilius,"So this game is really great. But holy hell, choosing crew members is absolutely terrible. And how about making it possible to save the location the crew member was?The game can be clunky, but I am still really enjoying it so far."
76561197975155351,Recommended,280360,17167580,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Rexia,"I stopped playing Elite: Dangerous to play this. Having more fun for about a tenth of the price. 10/10, would recommend."
76561197997803590,Recommended,280360,17172338,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,thEClaw,"I had this game on my radar for quite a while now and was eagerly expecting its release. I just finished it a couple days ago and am still a little bit sore about it.The most outstanding parts of the game are the soundtrack and its aesthetics. If you can accept this kind of retro style, you are in for a treat. Period.While I myself don't think there is anything particularly bad about the game, there sure are some mediocrities about it:-The story feels drawn out. It's not bad, although the dialogs telling most of it could be improved quite a bit; dialogs are short, non-branching and often times simple. I can only remember a single occurence where I could make a true choice, although the outcome didn't matter too much.-The universe is small and absolutely static. Trading thus becomes a sure bet. Luckily trading is not necessary all that much, otherwise this would become very tedious.-There aren't too many ships, weapons etc. In general the game feels a little bit short on content. That and the slightly drawn-out story don't mix too well.-Both kinds of fights feel as if their balancing could use more work; maybe the mechanics could even use a complete overhaul. Fighting on the ground becomes tedious over time, mainly due to the limited ammunition of your weapons. At first I really liked what I saw, but the combat never got too much depth to it.Space battles seem a lot better and stayed fun throughout the game. Although I think that the whole idea of having a fleet (i.e. more than one ship) is undermined by the fact that controlling more than one ship drastically slows down the speed at which you can finish fights. At the same time there isn't too much benefit in having more than one ship.Conclusion: Content is a bit short (except for story-wise), a couple of minor bugs still need to be fixed, the game is extremely linear, some of the mechanics seem rough around the edges and the UI comes along with some most-likely unwanted ""oldschool traits"" as well (i.e. sometimes it sucks). Nevertheless the game is certainly worth its price - maybe watch a video beforehand and don't hesitate to buy the game if you like what you see. At all.I do hope that there will be some kind of expansion or dlc since the foundation of the game is very promising. More content and at least a polishing pass on the mechanics could make this game truly great."
,Recommended,280360,17194796,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,superalarming,"I have only played 4 and a half hours so far, but already it is one of my favourite games."
76561198074768278,Recommended,280360,17275536,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,themagicfunstore,If my fifteen year old self in 1987 could have made a video game and made it awesome this would be it.
76561198072114851,Recommended,280360,17130000,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Alpharius,"This game is a really fun game, but at the same time its very dull. For a inital release its OK but not Good, their are many improvements, for example theirs no real storyline after you find the interstellaria. Other features they could add is designated rooms, Boarding, And the ability to build your own trading empire. All in all though this game is pretty good and just needs more features."
,Recommended,280360,17132001,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mathias Giovanni,"Takes me back to the days of Star Control, Star Flight and Zak McKcracken and the Alien Mindbenders all rolled into one game.  The interface is a bit awkward yet the game is very playable.  My suggestion would be to simply play the game as you would.  If you try to beat it you will find ways for easy wins or lots of money.  But if you just enjoy it you'll have a blast.I currently have three ships in my fleet.  I've seen at least 7 or more for sale you can buy.  I'm sure there is more and I believe any ship you see in the game you can probably add to your fleet if you find someone selling it.The game could use a little more balancing and polish but it's worth the price of admission."
76561198033702949,Recommended,280360,17147865,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kly Pantheon,"Now I am able to play the game and it is Amazing I would definately recommend it and told a friend about it just the other day. She loves it so far! get it! its worth the money!(this was when the game first came out>)My friends told me it was a good game, the reviews i saw told me it was good. It seems to be out of alpha/beta stage. however Im not even a full hour in and the game starts to glitch. The user interface pixelizes and moves down off screen so it disapears. characters disapear completely like they get deleted by the game for no reason this makes it imposible to travel to other planets because there is no longer a crew to man the ship. the user interface also isnt optimized to change correctly when there is a change in resolution, everything stays in place and then becomes to hard to read if using the smallest resolution setting.The game started out good with no glitches on the first world where you start out. Things went down hill after you went into space for the first time. At this time I do not recommend this game to anybody untill these problems are fixed."
76561198007324938,Not Recommended,280360,18369330,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Wow few times in my life I wanted a game so bad and was so let down. On paper it's my perfect game, in practice I find it almost unplayable. Graphics are awful. I'm all for pixel games, but this looks like E.T. from atari. It would have been bad 20 years ago.Controls are quirky, gameplay is quirky, combat is absolutely ridiculous.So yeah, the idea is good (exploring space/planets with your ship, crew etc.) but I couldn't play this more than an hour or so.Price is irrelevant, I honestly saw free games that are 10 times better than this (and in the same genre). If you long to walk down pixel memory lane, you'd be much better off downloading some abandonware (starcontrol 2 anyone?).I'm very very sorry to say I do not recommend this game."
76561198062221966,Recommended,280360,17223386,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,wildbill5150,awesome retro style space adventure!!
76561197972474195,Recommended,280360,17229874,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Captain Saunders,"Great game. Wish there were more like it. Could use some work -- only see one members health bar, some planets are shopping marts only, etc -- but overall it's solid.I'm a space junkie and love most space type games -- so I may have a bit of a bias. Been waiting for this game for several months and I am glad I made the purchase. Will be playing more."
,Recommended,280360,17236687,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Turbo Space Jesus 3000,"Pretty good game, fly around space battle ships explore small alien world maps. I like it but it just needs more, normally don't like DLC but this game needs it. Can't complain about the size though it's only $10 but I would like more to do. Also this game desperately needs a button to buy quantities as right now if you want to trade cargo between 2 worlds you have to buy each individual item which leads to clicking your mouse about 700 times before you leave. Because of this I find the game unplayable without an auto-clicker program."
,Recommended,280360,17237095,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dimensional13,"I absolutely LOVE this game! The pixel art in this game is great, especially for nostalgia-junkies like me and I've listened to the soundtrack on repeat for like two days already! It's really great! But hey, it was made by Chipzel, so of course it's great!The gameplay was a little slow at the beginning, but once I knew what to do, things went by relatively fast and I couldn't stop playing!I only can recommend this game!"
76561198050254096,Recommended,280360,17147929,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,[BAPP] Rainbow Stalin,"Fantastic !!! This game is one of those games you wished someone would make maybe not in the style you want but i has the detail. Basicaly its everything you loved from old classics like star flight and star trek mixed with modern games as in FTL and starbound its got it all. Recruit crew, accept missions, explore the gallaxy, discover accient ruins on plannets and get caught in the middle of a mystery. im 3 hours in and at the moment its 10/10Good-Nice graphics-interesting story-Fun combat mechanics-lots of loot to keep you busy-Great music score-Cant wait till the weekend to play some moreBad-Wish there was a mouse wheel zoom option-Inventory becomes a headach (lack of space and not being able to access some of it when on plannet or station)-Graphics can become crowded when lotts of mobs loot and crew are in a small area-Had a little trouble with crew stacking on eachother especialy in the small starting shipOverall nice game will keep me busy hopefully for many hours to come"
,Recommended,280360,17149034,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,stalpho,"Just got this game and so far it is amazing, the space combat is simplistic yet complicated enough.  The gathering and killing of creatures is fun, I really like the gather all button that helps since I don't know what everything you can gather is."
76561197965247013,Recommended,280360,17106807,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Chris,"This review was for an older version of the game, since then there has been at least one significant improvement: The bug where you could be pushed through walls has most likely been fixed by now, I know it has been worked on and I haven't experienced it any further.This game is fun and well worth the price, to be honest I was expecting it to cost more.It is a bit like a sideview FTL but the space combat is just one part of the game, this one has a story, ground exploration (+combat) too. So far so good.The game looks good enough (I'm not a huge fan of retro style graphics but I can accept it, it looks good for what it is) and the music is great. I have only played for a few hours so I can't say anything about replayability but it seems like there might be quite a few different ships and possible configurations of systems and crewmen.The negatives are that it is somewhat hard to control, it's not easy selecting the crewman you want (if they're standing in the same tile, and they often do) and getting him to do your bidding can be tricky as well, Combat on the ground can be frustrating, ordering a crewman to attack an animal will often result in him going to the place where this animal was and hang out there, doing nothing as the animal in question hacks away at his shield/armor or health. Fortunately you tend to have a lot of health and the enemies aren't that dangerous, the combat is forgiving which makes up for it's inaccuracy. Unless they enemies use their supermove of pushing you through the ground or a mountainwall, then you're out of luck.Space combat can be a lot less forgiving, I was fighting a ship and everything seemed to be going very well, sometimes they scored a hit but the armor was quickly repaired up to full before the next one. Then all of a sudden, I'm not sure how it happened, I was no longer moving and with most or all of my critical systems broken and down to about 60% of my armor. I'm guessing they scored a critical hit on my nav computer and as I was stuck I was an easy target. I managed to repair everything up again and get going but that fight turned interesting quickly. In FTL I'm sure that would've been game over, here I was able to salvage the situation.Despite the shortcommings I would absolutely recommend the game."
,Recommended,280360,17130582,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Brooks8314,This game is simple and addicting to play.  It takes awhile to learn everything to do but once you do its hard to stop playing.
,Recommended,280360,17131383,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],This is Commander Keen meets FTL. Take the space exploration and vertical questing games of the late 80s/early 90s; add the FTL/rogue-like combat and inventory system; and you get this interesting find.
76561197963252486,Recommended,280360,17131762,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,FluffyD,"All in all quite a fun little game. (Say little.. i pretty much devoted a couple of days to completing it.)Space combat is crude however enjoyable, the points you allocate from energy into various systems, allow for your ship to move faster, (in combat too). power for weapons, (it's either on or not) and systems (so targeting, scanners, navigation (recomend some points in this else u wond be able to do much in combat)As far as the ground combat well i strongly advise you to just use laser weapons, as then recharge ammo and saves loads of trips back to the ship to reload.There's lots of go th this planet, do this do that. lots of things to shoot and then just hit F and then H and have your peeps gather up all the stuff that you can later sell for better ships guns etc..Little hints? if you fancy a glass cannon, head over to hearth and look out for a spaceshuttle. 6x gun slots, armed with a couple of enginnering terminals and you'll survive pretty much anything.More hints?  well if your really struggling you can navigate to the save game folder and edit your stuff.. [dont bother with 3rd party crap u can just edit in windows..] Admittedly i had to after loosing a main player and all my previous saves were 5+hrs earlier.Music is great.. loving the end tune (listening to it now :P )So if your going on 40 something and remember your bit tunes, i recomend you give it a play.  As for the rest of the game yea it's got that amstrad / 30 yrs ago feel."
,Recommended,280360,17134229,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Not Patrick Stewart,"I just beat this game. It grew on me over my 16 hour game.Barring a small hiccup with a flag that didn't set properly, this game is wonderful. Starbound meets FTL, with a splash of bullet hell and RTS mixed in.The story had me engaged (though it's a wee bit uncreative) and the music took the game to a whole new level.Now for the bad stuff. Thank god you can pause while giving orders during a fight, especially in space, because it is very easy to be overwhelmed when you have more than one or two ships. I can't imagine what it would be like if you had all five fleet slots filled up. You're the best captain in the galaxy because you've mastered the lost art of ""get out of the way of the other guy's bullets 'n stuff"" The AI doesn't seem to get that. Or that it can recharge its shields, for that matter.Bottom line: If you loved FTL but wished you had a bit more control over your destiny, or if you liked Starbound but also wanted spaceship shooty action, look no further. This is your game."
,Recommended,280360,17135161,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,puts the panic in hispanic,"So far this game has been great. I've been loving the ship combat and the character and ship customation, and I haven't even upgraded my ship yet. The dev/s seem very invested at the moment and immedately fixed bugs that were reported.A few problems I do have are the lack of crew on planet combat diversity (kind of just click and wait) and the lack of things to do on planets. I think more complicated quests or the ability to start a colony(possibly on your old homeworld)would alleviate this.For 10$ this game is definately worth it even despite the flaws."
76561197987355726,Recommended,280360,17138531,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Azkron,"Nice fun original game, although the controls and AI needs some polishing."
,Recommended,280360,17139398,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ATR,"If you look beyond the basic graphics, this is actually a really nice game, with some decent concepts in it. It's also *the* most actively supported game I've *ever* bought; every day there's a new patch/fix to improve gameplay, brought into effect from user feedback.There is a story to follow, but it's also a sandbox, so you can do pretty much anything you want. Gameplay is actually really good, and once I start playing it *keeps me hooked*. I can't pin it down to one single thing, but it's some combination of exploration, the storyline, the humour and the *wonderful* level of customisation available.There's a handful of things I'd love to see improved in the game, but there's nothing ""wrong"" with it; certainly nowhere near enough for me to consider stopping playing.What things? Well:1. I find the inventory a little clunky to find my way around. I like the idea of an ""away team inventory"" and a ""fleet inventory"", but I find myself taking off and landing repeatedly to sort between them when selling the sweet loot I've aquired from various battles and away missions.2. Anomalies show up, I fly to them, then they disappear *just* when I reach them, or I get intercepted by a hostile fleet, and by the time I've dealt with them they've gone. This makes me sad.3. Your crew can stack up to four augments, which is frikkin awesome, but why not ships too? You can customise the ships in their onboard systems, weapon loadout and power distribution, but having the augment system for them would just add a sweet little level of customisation that would only make me like the game more.However, between the time of me beginning to write this, and me pressing ""Post review"", a patch may have been released that addresses at least two out of three of them..."
76561198111284117,Recommended,280360,17128153,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Jake,"**EDIT: As of today, literally within two days of launch, tons of bugs have been fixed! Chucklefish & Coldrice... you guys are the man! With bug fixes so early on, and them being actually involved in fixing this game, I recommend it even more now.**Much to like, but, unfortunetly, an almost equal amount of things to dislike...With fantastic graphics, a very well-done and encapturing plot/ premise, Interstellaria makes a remarkable first impression. Continuing on to its nice tutorial that quickly teaches you the simple yet complex game mechanics at work, the game keeps its impression in the green.But then... but then come the bugs. The game-crippling, time-wasting, angry-face-making bugs that infest this game like angry mole aliens on a far off planet.I have some/a bit of trust in Chucklefish for bug fixing, and this is a good thing I guess...Overall, I say 'yes, do buy this game!'. Why? Well, the bugs may be annoying now, but once they have been combatted and vanquished (damn hopefully...) this game will be one of my favorites to play.NOTABLE THINGS WRONG CURRENTLY:- No auto-save.- One of my saves is impossible to load. Unresponsive loading screen basically.- Other unresponsive black screens...- Somewhat unfrequent, but flipping annoying, crashes.(Remember to save VERY frequently!)Fix these things Chucklefish!"
76561198059983732,Recommended,280360,17729950,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rou-gueaspie,"A very interesting pixel interplanetary game. Open world and shows how powerful a good trade can be. With the ability to purchase any ship and hire any crew, your creativity can come to life. I found it to be a perilous adventure where you can make your cake by bounty hunting, scavenging, piracy or interstellar trading. Despite a lack of size I would reccomend it to anyone buying it. I'm eager to see future updates to this game and enjoyed playing it."
76561198018515905,Recommended,280360,17620547,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,BOGDANthe1st,"I really enjoyed this game with all its elements: story, action, management, trade, exploration, graphic and even the humor. The gameplay took me more than 40 hours. It is worth the money."
,Recommended,280360,17116850,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,†epicwolf†™,"Got evicted,found a job on a rock-ship,got attacked by space pirates,crash landed on a forgotten planet,got named a captain of a pile-of♥♥♥♥♥♥ship,avoided mass abduction on my home planet that happened just as I left.10/10"
76561198129777463,Recommended,280360,17112702,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,dmitrynpetrov,"Things to like:- The mood. Just enough sci-fi tropes. Good light-hearted humour.- Space combat is fun enough.What could be better:- Control in away missions feels cumbersome. Yourred shirtscrewmen will suffer just because of poor pathfinding. So if you want your precious tactical officer to survive, micromanage.- Inventory UI. It feels so ""retro"", but, in fact, it just seems not quite thought-out. Freet inventory / away missions inventory takes quite a while to get used to, and even after that involves extra pointless clicking. No real game decisions, just dragging objects from your fleet to the trade post and back. Limited number of inventory slots doesn't really play a big role in the game (there are not so many items lying around, anyway), so why bother?- Flying from point A to point B could use fast-forward with some kind of smart pause.- Once you secure the area in ""away mision"", ""harvesting"" is just sitting back and waiting (and hoping your crewmen would not run into some toxic lake).- Plot feels very linear and guided.- Not really much content to explore."
,Not Recommended,280360,25808162,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Tamaster,"Interstellaria Review===Rating: 4.0 / 10 - Join the Starfleet they said, it will be fun they said...===GRAPHICS: 3 / 10A 2D pixel art style which is nothing but uninteresting, simplistic, deprived of any detail and craftmanship typical of modern pixel art style games. It just looks like it has been made with Windows Paint.SOUND: 6.5 / 10The retro sound effects and music are good enough, well suited for the type of game Interstellaria is, but they are not anything out of average.CHALLENGE: 2.5 / 10As far as combat goes, challenge is almost nonexistent as you will read why further in the review, the only major challenge in this game is making a decent amount of money, which is not much a challenge of skill but instead a test of endurance.LONGEVITY: 5.0 / 10It will take you some time to explore all the places in the galaxy, discover random encounters, find trade routes to make profit, etc. but not that long with a fast ship which makes everything much quicker. No side quests or anything just main story, and achievements.===The Good- Decent amount of items ingame. Weapons, ships, armors, trading goods, there is indeed a good variety of these things to collect and discover.- Random combat encounters and space anomalies add some variables during travels in space.- Decent market system with surplus / demand different for each planet, so you need to see where some item sell best and make your trade routes- Your crew can level up in skills like navigation, ship weapons, etc. Also, trait system with which your crew can gain unique traits based on what they do.- Automatic looting function on planets.===The Bad- Nonexistent quality of life to user interface. Every single action ingame is clunky and really unintuitive to perform.-  Crew progression is very limited overall: all crew members have the same fighting skill (excluding specific Traits which are random) and there is no way to increase for example Health, Strenght for melee or Accuracy for ranged, or proeficency with a certain type of weapon... only Ship skills and no ground combat progression.- Stereotyped, uninteresting setting and lore, few original ideas here and there but that's where it stops.- No secondary quests, challenges or anything like that, just a Main Quest which is unclear in many points and will make you struggle to understand what you have to do next or even why.===The Ugly- Space Combat is just sad: enemy ships will fire at you and move randomly around the limited map of combat. You shoot back but they will never react to your bullets: if they are moving in a random direction and avoid your bullets, good for them, but sometimes they will just ram a giant volley fo rockets without even trying to dodge it. You can, instead, move your ship around at your own will, so dodging the very slow enemy bullets will become very easy: dodge and keep firing, everyone will die sooner or later.- Ground Combat is no better: you can equip your crew with a good variety of weapons and armor that is true, but then the actual combat will just be a giant line of people running around with little to no control from the player. Enemies are generally very weak and since there is no limit to the crew you can just recruit a bunch of low-price men and send them to fight on the ground, because combat proeficency is the same with anything, in any character. No strategy involved, no skill involved, just a bit of common sense to make your troops retreat to ship if low health, heal with your infirmary, and go back and finish off the enemy, which will still have the same amount of health you left it with.- Loot gathered on planets will respawn. Yes you got it right: you find a planet with a lot of precious gems and valuable metals, you loot everything, then back in the ship, go on a neraby planet and land, go back to the previous one and magic, everything (enemies included) came back! Who cares about exploring space, i just found an infinite source of gems and metal, so here i come millions of credits!- Market demand and surplus will never change: no matter if you sell a thousand tons of metal to a trader which demands for it: the item will still be in demand and have a very high profit rate. This applies to anything.- The bugs. There are many many problems and bugs of technical nature. From random asteroids on which you land that will not allow you to go back inside the ship, to items disappearing, to people bugging in map corners and getting stuck forever, there is a myriad of bugs to discover in Interstellaria, actually more than stars.- You need to feed your crew and give it sleep and all this... but sleep deprivation, starvation and such do not affect Health at all! I had this crew member without food and sleep for a long time, it was doing his job perfectly without any flaw, and fought like a beast.===This game is space junk. Seriously, it might look good from trailers and everything but i assure you thjis is not and has tons of issues as i described.Not recommended at all."
76561197980154814,Not Recommended,280360,34322090,Posted: 17 August,all,Frost,"Buggy and uselessly clunky beyond belief.Started tutorial, it's clumsy. Eventually got my junker into space, tutorial wants me to install non-existent stations.Flew to Trade station to see if I could buy the missing workstations, and yes, there's a vendor.But I can't buy anything at the vendor, because my mission inventory is magically filling itself with scrap salvage.Stacks of 64x salvage, for as far as the eye can see. Began selling them, but there's always another stack of scrap in every inventory slot, so I can't buy any vital equipment for my ship.---Restarted, skipped tutorial. Hostile ship intercepted me on the galactic map; now I can't change any power allocations, so I can't turn on weapons.Uninstalling."
