user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,280520,32415855,Posted: 14 June,all,Kats,"Having played over 80 hours of this game (majority of it in the beta branch) and seen the dev at work I can safely say that, what this game currently lacks in difficulty and content, the dev makes up for in dedication in fixing and improving the game and willingness to help those who need it.This game has potential, lots of it, it just needs some time to grow.Starting off the review with that.Crea is a game with the same base structure as games like Terraria and Starbound, but they are not the same games, with over 700 hours of game time on Terraria, I will admit I went into Crea expecting it to be a lot like it, I was wrong and was punished for it, numerous times.You will die in this game, with more slowpaced combat that almost requires the use of your trusty shield to survive, until later on in the game, more on that in a bit.The combat mechanics as of right now is a bit like Dark Souls if I may, bait, counter and repeat.However if you decide to use the bow or magic, combat sadly becomes a little bit too easy, the game is too nice when it comes to projectiles, they are too slow and are easy to predict, bosses suffer greatly from this.With that, let us talk about a weak point of the game, the difficulty.When you first start, the game will seem to be very difficult and you will die at least once in the first 15 minutes.But once you get experience, unlock a few skills and naturally get better, you will notice that, hey, this isn't so hard?The balancing in this game is sadly something that definitely needs attention somewhere down the line, especially so when it comes to bosses, all bosses can be done naked, as long as you have a weapon that is up to date.The bosses die too quick and their attacks are of no threat, due to what I mentioned earlier, projectiles are too slow.They have a long wind up time before they start moving, and when they finally start moving, they are too slow.It's possible to one shot the last boss with a bow with the right build.Content wise the game sadly is lacking as well, it's there, but lacking, but I trust that I will edit this review later and change this. :)There are 4 bosses, something called Horde Realms which is something that has a chance to spawn after killing something called a xxx Spawner of all mobs in the game, they are kind of like mini dungeons that only consist of the mob that spawned the realm portal.There are also dungeons, great for leveling and loot, pretty standard, they function a bit like ARPG dungeons, in that they have various ""quests"", for example ""Pacifist"" meaning, don't kill any mobs, and bonuses/penalties, for example increased/decreased experience.EDIT: With the recent patch adding enchantment, the gearing up part has become a great deal more fun.Trying out different enchantment builds is very fun, especially using the more unique ones!Loot wise, there's a few different tiers and variations for each weapon type (sword, bow and wand) as well as armor.Generally there's three different weapon and armor sets per tier that you can craft, one for each type of weapon.There's also scrolls that can be researched, I've only found one weapon scroll, a sword, as well as a bunch of different accessories.Bosses also have a chance to drop unique weapons and accessories, same with Horde Realms (will correct with the proper name once I find one xD) that seem to all have something unique.Crafting, the crafting in this game is more in-depth than Terraria, in that you have various skills to increase the quality of equipment before you run out of ""Balance"", for people who've played FFXIV A Realm Reborn, the system will feel very familiar.It could use some looking into, it's very easy to get max quality right now.Does require some thinking but not enough I believe.EDIT: Recent patch made the crafting significantly harder, sound like a bad thing? Nah, much better this way. :PBugs, yes, this game has them, like any other game, but the dev is very dedicated in solving them, and has made great progress on the beta branch of the game.The most jarring bug right now that some people seem to experience, is a bug that makes water mobs fly away.Personally haven't experienced this after the last patch on beta, though some people still do it seems.EDIT: With the most recent patch, a lot of bugs were fixed, mobs flying away being one of them. :PAnyway, I've gone on long enough, Terraria fanboys can downvote as much as they want.The game has potential and I'm looking forward to see where the game goes from here."
,Not Recommended,280520,23671280,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Chimera,"TL;DR: As it stands, Crea is a Terraria clone with less content and way more bugs.This review is going to be quite long, so let's get to it.Crea caught my eye right along with Planet Centauri, but PC was (and still is) in early access, while Crea had just been released, so I decided to give it a go. The game is clearly a Terraria clone, so let's get that out of the way, and let it be clear that I'll be making comparisons between the two throughout the review.THE GOOD:Adds a few RPG elements to the formula;Every action you take gives you ""experience"" in that kind of action, unlocking upgrades as you level up each activity;Researching new items is interesting and makes more sense;THE BAD:A ton of bugs, glitches, crashes, freezes and so on;Despite not having seen everything there is to see, it clearly has less content than Terraria;More expensive than the game it fails to improve upon;Its Dungeons aren't really worth it at all, and their procedural nature ends up creating a frustrating and annoying result;Boss fights have no ""epicness"" to them, they just feel empty and silly;It's hard to tell whether you're progressing towards new unlocks and discovering new things, or just mindlessly grinding;It's pretty damn hard to tell what you need to do in order to discover new things (more on that later);Skills and upgrades are poorly developed/designed and often feel like something your character should start with instead of having to grind to unlock;Combat is very frustrating, especially melee;Now, it's clear that the Good vs. Bad list gives you enough reason not to buy the game, but keep on reading as I elaborate on some of the bad aspects and later explain why there's a chance I may change my recommendation someday.Aboutdiscovering new things:It feels like the game forces you to do what it wants you do to, and if you don't, you don't progress at all. In a sandbox game, that is obviously terrible, but it gets worse when you take the fact that you have skills to level up into account. Their balance ends up getting screwed and your character will have tremendously high levels of certain skills, while they will be lacking in others, and that just feels pretty bad. It doesn't help that, sometimes, no matter how much you explore you'll end up not finding anything new, as all chests suck pretty bad, no matter their quality, and since you're not doing what ""the game wants you to do"", it just gets frustrating and boring.Aboutthe combat:Fighting in this game is not fun, is not intuitive, and most important of all: it'snot fair. It is designed in such a way that enemies' attacks are not telegraphed, most having instant cast times and no warning that they're coming. Yes, after a while you learn what certain enemies do, but that doesn't stop them from being completely unpredictable and unavoidable. Sometimes you end up just overwhelmed by a bunch of enemies who don't take their time crushing your health bar, while others leave you silenced, stunned and snared, while still dealing damage to you, all from a single enemy and all that at the same time! It's TERRIBLY designed in my opinion, and fighting them is not a joy that you also get xp from winning, it's a grind that you hope you don't end up dying midway.FINAL AND IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS:The dev for this game clearly loves it and its community, and he is working day and night to fix every last bug the game has, and releases almost daily updates with a bunch of fixes. I am really glad when an independent dev is this transparent with the community and is passionate about bringing a good experience to the players. He even livestreams his development and fixes issues people report in real time.That said, in the end it all comes down to how good the game is, and currently this game is in a state I DO NOT recommend people to buy it. The bugs are just too many, the content is just too little, with most of it repeating itself only with bigger numbers, the combat is boring and frustrating and exploring is not really rewarding at all, as you only see and collect more and more of the same, with a few changes here and there. What I see in this game is a lot of POTENTIAL, but potential itself doesn't make the game entertaining or unique, it's just what it could be, but may end up never becoming. In conclusion, Crea is not worth it right now. Go play Terraria and check back later."
,Not Recommended,280520,14282327,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dedayius,"This is a pretty standard Terraria style game.  The only differences are that you craft NPCs and in order to learn new recipes you need to find a material and then research on it.  You can craft from chests, which is really nice.By far the biggest downside is the bugs right now.  They simply make the game no fun because you're constantly losing items that you crafted, losing characters, having skills get bugged etc.  Give it 6 months or so for them to fix all the bugs and then it'll be worth it."
,Recommended,280520,19768711,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Wharfy,"I don't write a lot of reviews, or a lot of anything, so bear with me.Crea is a very fun game. Combat, mining, building, and crafting in a 2D world. It's similar to Terraria, which is what interested me, but far far from a clone. It's early access, so expect bugs. Luckily, the developer is very active on the forums. He is very helpful, and I've personally watched him solve three or four bugs on his twitch stream. I believe he spends hours every day with his stream up, and anyone can come in and inform him of difficulties they're having. I also think he has promised to release updates every week, however some weekly updates might only be bug fixes.In Crea, your character gains xp on each monster kill and levels up. Each level up gives 2 stat points, and you can spend them on health, stamina, attack, defense, intelligence (matk), mind (mdef), agility (ranged), and luck. I would say the coolest thing about Crea is the talent system. You have a talent tree for Arms (swords, axes, and bows), Syle (magic), Gathering (mining), Crafting, and Exploring (double jump, lockpick, inventory boost, and other noncombat boosts).Combat is, like I said, similar to Terraria. At least the controls are. Left click to pew, but with each click of an attack or use of a skill, your character's stamina will drain. If you allow your stamina to reach zero, your movement speed is reduced and you cannot act until it reachs about half. So always stop attacking before you reach zero.Currently there are swords, spears, bows, and wands. Each weapon style has a standard left-click attack, and then each weapon has the possibility of dropping with an element (earth, wind, water, fire), as well weapons can have secondary attributes (piercing bow, lifesteal sword, damage buff on kill axe, ricochet bullets, etc.).Two very important commands would be the ability to block and dodge. Dodge causes your character to roll forward or backward with invincibility frames. Blocking reduces the damage you take from an attack. Combat also has skills, unlike Terraria. Active skills such as fireball, shield stun, triple shot, protect, raise (multiplayer), heal, etc. Passive skills include stat increases, weapon power increases, shield power increases, move while charging, move while blocking, etc. Passives are boring, but useful.Mining is mining. Grab pick, mine ore, build better pick, mine better ore, etc. It works. Currently I've discovered the ore progression bronze, iron, silver, and gold. Not sure what's after gold, or how many ores come after gold. I've heard people mention Corium, which I believe may be the endgame ore. I'll skip over the building aspect, since it's never interested in me.Crafting is fairly simple as well, at least the act of crafting is. You just open the window, click a recipe you've unlocked, and clicked craft. Where Crea sets itself apart from others is the act of unlocking recipes, which is very in-depth, but also pretty annoying at times. Recipes have a crafting level I believe, but you can't see what level they are. Whether or not you gain crafting experience is dependant on the level of item your crafting.You have to research recipes using base materials. So if there was an iron pick, and it required wood and an iron bar, you'd need wood and an iron bar. You would also need to be a high enough crafting level to unlock crafting iron picks. Then you'd approach the research table, and it would say that you can currently research iron bars and you can research wood. You research with the wood, it tells you you've learned part of the iron pick recipe. You research with iron bar, it tells you you've learned the entire recipe for iron pick. Then you can craft the iron pick.If you have half of a recipe unlocked, you can view it in the research table and you'll see a dark shadow of the other items required. You might recognize them. If you don't feel like hunting down or finding out what else is required, then you can spend Scraps to finish the recipe without researching. This will unlock the recipe. Scraps are obtained when you research normally.Another awesome aspect is the dungeon system. You can sometimes find portals to dungeons in the world, and sometimes they spawn when you break a monster spawner. Another method is to unlock the Dungeoneer NPC, and paying him in currency and stone to send you into a dungeon. You can pick and choose the dungeon difficulty, size, and modifiers, or click the random button. Dungeons are awesome for finding loot you haven't unlocked and for grinding experience.Gripes:I can't seem to unlock the next tier of wands, and I don't know if it's because I don't have the materials or because I don't have a high enough crafting level. I can craft better swords, bows, and axes than I can wands, and I'm playing a mage build character. Without crafting levels displayed on the crafting window, I don't know what items to even craft to level up my crafting.Magic, melee, and range do not seem to be very balanced. I haven't managed to use melee successfully at all. Magic is decent, but pales in comparison to similarly leveled range (range is 3-4 times more powerful, for sure). However range requires the crafting of arrows, and I have a hard time crafting enough to keep up with my dungeoneering (as far as I know, feathers only drop from birds one at a time, and I don't see them very often). Stamina drains very very fast, but you get used to it. It's a real bother when fighting the plants that multiply if you don't break the eggs in time.Silver seems to be more rare than gold, as I have found way more gold than silver on two different characters in two different worlds. Five ore per bar is not a big deal with bronze and iron, but at the silver and gold levels it feels like way too much. Character leveling (not talent) feels a bit too slow.All in all, I would definitely recommend this game. It's not very expensive, and it's definitely very fun. I will be putting way more hours into Crea."
,Not Recommended,280520,28105449,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Juice,"Ok, so...There are a lot of starbound, minecraft, terraria clones out and about these days.  They involve hours of endless grinding for materials and ""exploring"".  Some of them have interesting quirks like an advanced crafting systems for gizmos and gadgets or a semi-sophisticated battle system.  Both of those things exist in this game which create depth and playability, but the game lacks soul.  What I mean by that is the world is rather repetative, enemies are boring and forgettable, gathering materials drags out for hours and there's limited to no explanation for how to accomplish certain things.  I mean I get that the idea is to explore and discover how to construct and craft different things, but it feels more like a drawn out scavenger hunt without clues to the locations of the things you need.  The game is in early access, and we all remember how terraria and starbound were at this stage, so we'll see how the devs do with creating more interesting content.  For now, I'd recommend holding off on purchasing."
,Recommended,280520,13137165,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nova,"Having played multiple games of this specific genre on Steam, I can definitely say that Crea offers the most enjoyable and creative experience of them (Terraria, Starbound, Edge of Space). To fully enjoy this game, however, you must like the genre first (""sandbox""), and you will need to adjust your habits from similar games.---Terraria started (well, maybe not just Terraria, but Terraria was among the first) the craze of (2D) sandbox games, but the game cannot be truly called an Action RPG as well. Game progress, including all the equipment and weapons you get, is defined solely through crafting and picking up items. Even health is determined mostly by finding Life Crystals. Weapons themselves become the measurement of progress, too. (That is to say, you probably won't be using a Minishark in hard mode, but the Megashark is conveniently there.)In Crea, your progress and effort also define growth of your character in the form of skill points (experience). For every action that you take that is either appropriate or hard for your level, you gain experience. In fact, Crea becomes more of an RPG, because each character can level skills to their benefit. Even special skills become bound to your character, that were otherwise items in Terraria, e.g. Hermes Boots. I suppose I didn't realize how limited Terraria's design was until I saw (before I discovered Crea) how little space I have for everything. On a similar point, using equipment is straightforward; unlike the three aforementioned games, you can put those on your character's equipment screen and use the appropriate skill. For example, you can change your harvesting tool (which can harvest like an axe or pickaxe by the way) and not need to change your hotkeys.---In Crea, not many enemies exist, but each is uniquely designed. Specifically, each enemy attacks in a different way, may be influenced by the time of day in some way, and exists in different biomes (with some possible overlap). Generally, you cannot just rush into enemies and make it out alive; by comparison, Crea is much harder than Terraria but more reasonable than Starbound (looking at you, tier 10 planets) and Edge of Space (when I played it; apologies if I'm wrong now). You need to carefully attack enemies, because running out of SP (energy meter) may possibly result in your death. Many of these enemies also have alternate attacks that are deadly. I'm glad that the game is challenging but not ""cheap"" either. Without spoiling the content, I can confirm that the bosses are also very specially designed. The game is unfortunately vague sometimes, so you may not have the right idea about accessing a boss.---Many of the gameplay issues I encountered awhile ago have been fixed. These weren't necessarily game-crashing glitches but more or less how you play the game. Thankfully, researching materials has become easier since you can use a fairly common item called Scraps instead of the item itself. Other things were changed, too, but the thing I'm most grateful of this game is that it's being very actively maintained and updated, considering the size and resources of the developing team. I don't want to stress the developers, but they've really made the game enjoyable as each update passes.---In other thoughts, Crea has a very distinct yet nicely done art style. It doesn't look quite as ""pretty"" as Starbound's, but it's much nicer, especially considering the detail and relative sizes of objects. For example, several crafting stations (like the Ingot Mold) are tiny, but they are very nicely drawn and detailed too. For that, I consider the sprite work excellent. Additionally, the color palette is nice on the eyes and yet distinct - I can spot ore that is different, for example, so that's a plus.---With that said, I fully recommend the game."
76561198052782160,Recommended,280520,21407385,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,King of Leaves,"tl;drThe game is solid and if you've been wanting character progression in games like Minecraft or Terraria that extends beyond just gear, this will scratch that itch. It's got a kink or two for me but most of that is based on personal taste.Leaves are money/10Long version:Crea satisfies a lot of itches I have about games. It has an EXP system that actually means something first of all, so all that ""self defense"" actually gets you something.... which is better self-defense outside of gear. More than that though, there's more to it than just combat.Spend a lot of time gathering? You get gathering XP, which can level up gathering talents; make your tools better, get a chance of getting multiple resources, it's all quite satisfying. Spend your days crafting? Get better at that, make better things with bigger stat bonuses. Which brings me to the stat system, another rpg element that I've missed in similar games. It's pretty standard as far as rpg-stats go, having your bread and butter physical-and-magical versions of attack and defense. You can bump up your health and stamina(used to attack or cast) as well, or your luck, but I haven't felt that the game railroads you into building up one stat or another.The combat is split nicely between melee and magic, both of which have some ranged and melee options. Some players go mixed, others dedicate to magic or melee only; like many other things it's up to the player.The building reminds me of Terraria, but with more furniture. Nightstand/10, would craft again.The crafting is... interesting, as it's mixed with a research system where you need to essentially figure out what you'd need to make something. It consumes the material items or ""scraps"" that are produced during research, and you can't craft a given item until you've researched all it's components. It makes crafting things a bit more satisfying, though it can be tedious if you don't know what the next item is based on the siloette or where to get it.The NPC system is based on putting outfits on figures. This brings the figure to life as that NPC, which can be ""collected"" as the outfit to then move base. Personally it kinda freaks me out that my base is full of wooden figures walking around, pretending to be human like I don't notice they're ♥♥♥♥ing made of wood, but that's just me.My only two problems with the game are perhaps personal, but they may or may not resonate with you. One, for the longest time the game would randomly lag and be borderline unplayable. That seems to have fixed itself, so I may have missed an update where this was addressed. Secondly, it has Minecraft syndrome.I don't mean it's trying to be Minecraft. I mean there's no real direction at first and it's left to the player to figure things out. It's not spectacularly complex, certainly not to the point you can't figure it out, but I've found myself feeling a bit lost at points. The best thing I can tell you is to set small goals for yourself; you can do a lot in Crea, and having a plan helps. Build a house, shank a slime, dig a tunnel, cast some spells, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in by a Harvester, you do you."
76561198044953223,Recommended,280520,28481510,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Axolian,"I'm not really a writer, especially not a review writer, so this might be a little rough.This game obviously takes heavy inspiration from Terraria, which is probably why you're checking this game out, and that isn't necessarily a bad thing. This game does have many elements to prove it isn't a straight up 'clone' as many people have put it.Positives:+ Adds RPG elements such as various talents (skills) and leveling.+ Various skills you unlock as you level up different skill trees as well as new armor and weapons you can unlock help alleviate the grind to a point where (personally) it is practically unnoticeable (I have only played up to about level 30, which is a little over the halfway point).+ Melee and ranged skills aren't necessarily OP compared to the magic skills, and vice versa.+ On that note, there's a good variety of combat skills.+ Every action you take, including running around the world, gives experience towards its respective talent, with each branch (melee, magic, crafting, gathering, explore) giving unique skills to use.+ Researching various crafting recipes is interesting and rewarding.+ Dungeons are interesting and there are many different modifiers that can affect how you play through the different floors.+ The main dev (Jasson) is very involved in the community and very passionate about his game, he's personally helped me and a friend with a few pretty big bugs, some of them game-breaking, and we have since solved them and they are no longer an issue.Now, regrettably, on to some of the bad:- Researching is cool, but it can be unclear as to how to progress through some of it, such as when a boss needs to be defeated before you can research higher level stuff.- Boss fights are kind of boring and too easy, and it isn't made entirely clear how to access the fights (though the wiki is quite helpful). The first boss in particular has this problem, and it is not made clear that you need to fight them at all to continue.- This might be a personal thing, but I would like to know what weapons and armor upgrade to whichever next tier without needing to do in-depth research on the wiki to figure out which sets I want/need to craft specifically (such as what armor leads to a dead-end and which armor goes up to the max tier).- Starting out can be quite difficult, confusing (with so much stuff to do), and therefore a big pain unless you push through and get a few skills unlocked and leveled up, but hey, it is an RPG.And two neutral things:+/- First is there's definitely less content here than in Terraria, the game's inspiration, but I will defend it by saying that this game appears to havemuchmore content than Terraria did when it released over 5 years ago, so to give it a comparison in that regard, this game is coming along quite nicely. Also I want to mention... that game has been updated for a good 5 years. Itshouldbe more fleshed out than a game that released just over six months ago. This is a neutral point for me because I still wholeheartedly think that it's fully worth its price.+/- Second thing is the chaos crafting. This is where you can craft either a better version of a weapon or piece of armor, or more of an item you need than you can make by just pushing the craft button. Personally I'm a huge fan of this system and it's quite enjoyable and rewarding, however, some people may not appreciate it as much. It can be pretty confusing to someone just starting the game, as it is kind of complicated and strategic as you unlock higher quality levels.+/- I moved melee combat to a neutral point because in the beginning it's very difficult to get accustomed to it, but at the later point in the game you can actually begin to facetanksomeenemies, but there is still blocking and strategy involved inside of that.All in all, I've enjoyed this game as much as I did Terraria when I first played it, if not more than I enjoyed Terraria. There's tons to do, and I'm a sucker for the leveling, crafting, and research systems that have been implemented here. The devs are very vocal and friendly, and not only open to suggestion, but they will also help you as best as they can with any problems that you may run into when you play. They really do care about this game and their players. This game is an easy recommendation from me. I'd be happy to answer any questions people may have if I am able."
,Recommended,280520,23229427,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Flaffee,"To be clear, I never really review games, but due to the low amount of reviews for this game in particular, I figured it would help to write one myself. Furthermore, I'll try to be as clear as I can concerning what I've experienced in this game in the short amount of time I've played it. I'm not going to do a pros and cons, so the review might be a little long. I'd rather discuss what the game offers and leave it at that. If you don't want to read a long♥♥♥♥♥review, skip this one entirely.Lastly, one thing to note, keep in mind that this game is in Early Access. This means there are some bugs, but none of them are gamebreaking from what I've experienced. For example, I entered a dungeon and was suddenly unable to grapple and another time could not jump to the left or right, only up and down. This was fixed by restarting the game.Overall Appeal:I think a lot of people will get into this game because of its similarities to other titles, such as Terraria and Starbound. I personally have played only a little of Terraria and quite a bit of Starbound. To put it simply, the things this game does have in common with those is that it's your typical sandbox: you can build, craft, and fight things, all on your own accord. In the meantime, Crea offers a little more variety than I experienced in the other two, with its skill and crafting system, which seem to have more thought put into them, as well as more freedom. I'll cover this later, but in any case, I believe that this is a worthy alternative to the other titles. I had a lot of fun playing and enjoyed all aspects of the game equally, some more so than I did in Starbound/Terraria. The look of this game, including its UI, might not appeal to everyone, but I liked it a lot.Skill System:The skill system is one of the big major upsides to this game, imo. This allows more character based progression, putting aside what armor and weapon you have equipped, and allows more of a rewarding experience. Differentiating from the titles mentioned previously, this game allows you to obtain experience and TP. TP is then used to level up skills and obtain new ones, similarly to an RPG.  It includes categories for Arms, Style, Gathering, Crafting, and Exploration. I'll explain each below:Arms includes weapon skills, focused more on melee attacks, weapon proficiency, shields, and archery.Style is for those of us who like to use magic, including spells, wand proficiency, and the potency of your damaging spells as well as your heals.Gathering is pretty self-explanatory. It includes skills that make your tools more effective by increasing the power, pick-up range, as well as how many blocks you can dig up/gather at once with a tool.Crafting is also pretty self-explanatory (except maybe not really). I'll cover how the crafting system works in its own section.Exploration includes skills such as ledge grabbing, double jumping, lockpicking, and sprinting. It also allows you to level up stats such as your Stamina and Luck.Crafting System:The crafting system is different from both Terraria and Starbound, in that you need to gather materials and research them to discover recipes. This means, for example, you pick up a material, use your Research Table to research it, and discover a new recipe. Under Recipes, you will see the recipe, as well as outlines of the other materials needed. If you can tell what they are, great. You go get them, research them, and learn the recipe. If you don't, then it's a matter of finding them as you progress through the game and discovering the recipe via researching those materials. As well as this, every time you research, you gain scraps, which can be used to skip finding the undiscovered materials of a recipe and discovering it ahead of time. They can also be used to avoid spending your materials researching.Furthermore, there's also a Chaos system I haven't really explored yet. I might update the review when I understand it more, but from what I gather it allows you to use skills (obtained via the Crafting category) to increase the quality of items you make via a separate crafting process that is optional when making items. I'm guessing that this is mostly used when making Armor/Weapons in order to apply stats or status effects. Again, I'm not sure, but it's worth mentioning in order to emphasize how intricate this system is in particular.Gathering System:I only want to cover this because I've seen a handful reviews saying that gathering/digging is too slow. I don't know if these people just didn't get far enough in the game to figure out the skill system, or if they're saying it's too slow no matter (which is kind of pushing it). I want to clarify that gathering is slow in the beginning, but as you obtain new tools and gain TP in Gathering, then use it to level skills that increase the power/reach of your tools, it getsmuchfaster. No problem here unless you're just too impatient to level it up.One thing to note before buying:I got this game for myself and my boyfriend, who doesn't have that great of a computer (to be honest). Neither of us experienced any lag, issues getting the game running, or setting up multiplayer in the beginning. However, as time went on, the game became unplayably laggy for him. We believe this is due to the large amount of processes this game runs in the background for its UI, called ""Coherent UI host"". I'm not sure if this is a bug or if it's supposed to do this, but by the time it was running 10 or so of these processes, he could not move or use any skills.I, on the other hand, had no issue playing for long periods of time and have yet to encounter anything other than the occasional stutter when the game autosaves. In other words, if you have a potato for a computer, it might be a little risky to get this game right at this point in time. I say this because the devs said they would update this game early June, which might fix it. Have to keep in mind the game is still in Early Access, so this doesn't affect my opinion of the game overall and I still had fun playing."
76561197982914211,Recommended,280520,23467036,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dead End King,"So long have I waited for a game like Starbound and Terraria...Crea fulfilled my wish!While using already known elements, Crea also throws a great recipe research system into the mix. Innovative, crazy creatures and beautiful surroundings, many treasures to find and randomly generated dungeons.I have to confess, even after reading the developer's note about buying Crea on official release, I couldn't wait.Since that's the Early Access version, I will not complain about, but merely mention some negative aspects:- Before reaching ~lvl 10, the game is incredibly difficult (for a casual player). The monsters are a bit over the top. Especially, if you leave the starting biome too early, you will be confronted with permanent death.- High level requirements for items: even IF you manage to outrun and kite all the dangers, you might find a chest with very cool weapons...for level 20+. That is, if the chest is not locked in the first place. (In that case, you have to boost your explore skill high enough to enable the lockpicking perk. You will be pleased to find out that you have to craft lockpicks, plus, they have only a certain chance to open chests. Or look for a key within a dungeon)- the dungeons come with random parameters everytime you enter one (Awesome mechanic). But, you have to figure them out by trial and error. No explanation is given on how they actually affect you or the enemies. This is a minor issue though, because crafting the Dungeoneer buddy will help you sort through the different dungeon modifiers.- last but not least: at this point, the bowels of the planet ( volcanic fields) are pretty much empty, except for some stray teleporting monsters, who wanted to end their life by blinking into the lava.As mentioned before, this is absolutely acceptable for an Early Access. And these points don't make Crea a bad game, at all. I fell in love with it. And if you're into exploring, digging, building and crafting, you definetely should give it a try.Today, the 1.0 build should be released and I am looking forward to it. Get this game, ladies and gents! Support the devs, they created something beautiful, here."
76561198023892474,Recommended,280520,23483605,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,chirulahr,"I am not going into differences/ similarities of this game with Terraria, others have done that and have done a great job explaining.I am just going to tell you why I like Crea:- looks great and runs fine on my old labtop- great RPG and leveling up mechanics; this was the main reason that made me buy- lots of skills to learn and master!- fun one-way challenge dungeons and battle arenas- lots of treasures to discover and areas to explore- every enemy has a different attack strategy and you have to learn those and figure out how to beat it- there are actually enemies that only attack when you do, so you can actually spend some time doing your own thing without something trying to kill you every 10 seconds. BIG PLUS for me- relaxing music- so far no zombies- great active, enthusiastic and friendly developerBe warned- this game is addictive. Just played 8h straight, just thinking ""only going to level up one more skill"" and ""collecting some more ore for a new sword"".If you like 2D exploration, crafting, building and adventure games, you should give this a try. Very much recommended."
76561197972290923,Not Recommended,280520,24917234,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Krod,"9/10, very enjoyableI'm not too far in, only 7 hours, but I have to say I'm enjoying it so far. Everyone goes into this game comparing it to Terarria, so I will make my points comparing the two for those of you, whom like me, want something worth playing in the same genre. The crafting system does take some getting used to, but i like the combat and RPG element.  The more the use particular skills, the more points you get to level up the tree those skills are in.  It's a neat system that encourages you to use whatever playstyle you like without having to rely heavily on gear for modifiers.  I've seen people complain that it can be grindy, but I don't see it anymore in this game than in Terarria (which i put EXTENSIVE time into, about 800 hours).  Sure, you have to grind out some baddies to get materials, but i remember building grind traps in Terarria and sitting there for hours on end collecting mats.  I like that you can customize your toon into a class build without having to rely specificly on armor sets, something I did not enjoy about Terarria.  The collecting/gathering is done well.  You can upgrade your gathering skill and collect large amounds of tiles at once, instead of having to chip away 1 at a time, another thing I am enjoying over Terraria. I do prefer Terarria's highlight mode, which will allow you to auto dig tunnels in a diagonal fashion to form easy stairs up or down.  This is something I haven't quite been able to perfect in Crea yet. They have mini-instances which you have to go into and complete objectives in order to escape.  They also have spawn rooms where you have to vanquish all the mobs and spawners, then you receive a huge loot stash.  So far, I feel both of those elemnts are rather rewarding.  There are random chests and ore to stumble across, and even spells that will light up  said chests/ore for a brief period of time so you can better see them.  I did hate having to rely on Spelunker potions in Terarria, and those spells have made me incredibly happy so far.  The higher you level them up, the higher grade ore/chest will be highlights. They also employ a waypoint system which makes traveling around a lot easier than having to build minecart tracks all over the entire map.  Overall I think its pretty good.  I enjoyed Terraria. I am now enjoying Crea.  When i get toward end-game content, ill re-review and let you know if anything changes.  As of right now, I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes this genre of gaming.  Just remember; It's not Terarria. It's Crea. Terraria was fun, and so far, Crea is fun ;)Edit:5/10 fun to start, but flops in the end.Alright. So after putting in about 20 hours, I have some new opinions.  One thing that Terarria does well which Crea does not is events and bosses.  When the goblins spawn for the first time, or that first night when the Eye of Cthulu attacks, it's crazy exciting, and gives you an objective to complete.  Kill those baddies.  It may mean you need to get some better gear, change the layout of your house, enlist the help of a buddy, w/e.  Crea is dissapointlingly lacking in this department.  Around the 15 hour mark, I found myself just looking for the next set of gear... then realized... why?  There is no main objective.  I don't have a supreme being to kill, or waves of monsters to defend my home from.  It just becomes the same 20 monsters that you need to kill over and over w/o any pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.  In short, it gets boring.  I have not even needed to dig in the last 10 levels.  Everything you need can be obtained from monsters, spawners, and dungeons.  So I have this massive world, but have only explored 1/4 of it ( ran through the entire map to see the different biomes/monsters) and feel no reason to even bother checking out the rest.  I read up on the bosses to see if/when they would spawn, and it seems all of them are non essential to progress in the game and can be avoided entirely.  What started out as a really interesting game has, after a few days of play, fallen flat.  If you enjoy mindless repetition and have no desire to accomplish and ""end"" to a game, then Crea is for you!  As for me, not so much."
,Recommended,280520,20924271,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vakure,"It reminds me of the things I liked about Terraria; it doesn't have too much complex graphical detail, it's not hard to learn, and it has transferable characters in sandbox worlds! Though this game holds different things I like, for example the random dungeons spawned from crystals and learning recipes using different resources. Also, while Terraria does allow upgrading one's health, mana and accessory slots, this game extends on the ability to power up your character however you see fit."
,Not Recommended,280520,32004807,Posted: 27 May,all,Jim,"EDITS ARE AT THE BOTTOM OF THE REVIEW. While I don't recommend this game still, a LARGE kudos to the developer for actively reaching out and updating me with info about the game.Before you ask why I spoiler-tag most of the review, it's because I want to show the amount of work the devs have put into the game. Simply removing 3/4 of the review would show nothing positive about the game. This game may not be for me right now, but it's certainly shaping up to be something I can get into.Bugs :************Found a biome which I had a very hard time figuring out if it was a giant bugged biome or if that's what it was meant to look like. It's got a background that looks like a complete rng generation with a max and min height. On top of that, the background was about 30 blocks higher than the ground which was completely flat beside some mounds of dirt here and there.FIXED :I play with a 144hz monitor. I've got a good PC but can't give you an exact FPS but I guarantee you it's far above 60. When using the bow, the game alternates between aiming the bow in the direction I'm aiming and aiming directly ahead every frame. This causes my character to look like she's entering warp drive. Another thing you can do is aim the bow, pull out your shield and keep left click held in, and then run around. From here you can either run around at 100% speed and then let go to fire a fully charged shot, or swap to your other weapon set to have your character still have a seizure with a wand or melee weapon out.NOTE : THIS STOPPED AFTER RELOADING THE SAVE - Movement also bugged for me. It bugged when I first visited that weird glitch-looking biome I mentioned earlier. If I jumped straight up, I couldn't move. If I moved left and then jumped, I could move but only in a castlevania-like arch. If I moved left, jumped, and then hit a block, I completely stopped and couldn't get on top of the block. This made cliff-hanging COMPLETELY useless as all I could do from it was jump back down. This also made climbing infuriating, especially on 1 block wide platforms.FIXED :The grappling hook is also bugged. Trying to hook a wall while standing next to an enemy causes the enemy  to teleport onto the hook despite the hook being nowhere near it, or even in its direction, and then pulled to me. This has happened on many many many occasions in dungeons.FIXED :Water is also bugged. I've found it doesn't have physics apply to it when first generated. I've found parts where water has a big gap to the side of it that it isn't filling. It looks like it's just hovering there and looks very unnatural and weird. Also holding space to rise in the water, and down at the same time, causes your character to do a roll as though they took a step on land for a brief moment. Again, unnatural.FIXED (kinda) :Every minute or 2 (haven't really timed it but V E R Y frequently)(Nowhere near as frequent anymore but still present) The game just stutters every now and then. Drops to like 5-10 fps for no reason.***********Gameplay quirks***********No longer an issue :You stop completely when attacking. You do keep a slight bit of momentum though, which is handy for attacking from a slight distance.Sprinting into an attack leaves you with a sliding attack from the momentum from the sprint. Makes combat more enjoyable and less punishing.No longer an issue :You slow riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight the ♥♥♥♥ down when casting spells. Some take like 3 full seconds. Some glitch out and take 3 seconds when they usually don't (happened a few times with haste) which leads onto my next complaint.Spell times are now lightning fast. While you still slow down, it's very manageable since you're back to speed almost immediately.You stop completely when grappling.When grappling, the distance the grapple travels depends on the initial location you were when using it. This makes learning to grapple very weird as the grapple is extremely inconsistent.*SOME* enemy projectiles are ♥♥♥♥ing T I N Y. The lanteed projectiles are basically invisible when in combat and moving.Some spells are almost useless. The stalacmite thing takes about a second to pop up and then another half second to do damage since it does damage at the end of its animation. This means you gotta baaaaaaait the ♥♥♥♥ out of the enemies. Haste hardly makes a noticeable difference at level 1.FIXED :The crit on next melee attack spell thing only works when it wants to. You can activate it and go whack a few enemies and it'll go off on the third enemy if it wants to.1.4 introduced a lot of fixes for the game, as well as a new UI system, allowing you to have more spells/arrangements available to you. The devs really proved that they're listening to the community with this patch. Crea's becoming something I could get into with a few more bug fixes here and there (and maybe some more early-level mobs).Edits**********Can now move while shielding at all levels. Seems to be a very reasonable pace.Removed bug with shield. Swapping weapon sets while actively blocking with a shield is no longer an issue.FIXED :NEW BUG WITH SHIELD : Can hold right click, left click to remove shield from slot, and still be blocking, even when dropping the shield or placing it in your inventory.FPS Drop issue has been severely reduced. Doesn't happen often anymore.FIXED :New glitch. Sprinting into bow or shield will continue draining stamina while holding the button until stamina runs out or you let go.FIXED :Not really a glitch but a slight quirk : Mashing left and right with sprint unlocked will almost instantly drain your stamina. I imagine this is because the game checks the time between button presses of a direction. This can be easily fixed if you removed the check if the opposite direction is pressed. i.e. If I hit left, start the timer for sprint. If I hit right, cancel the left timer and start the right timer. If I hit left again, cancel right an start left."
,Not Recommended,280520,23495616,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,"New Player, Be Nice","EDIT 25 October 2016:-http://steamcharts.com/app/280520- game is never played, IE dead- Bugs still not fixed-- Can play a 50gb Deus Ex Mankind Divided on Ultra settings, but this game lags after an hour of play, still not fixed- Proof the developer gave keys for good reviews:http://i.imgur.com/FKot7Or.jpg--Don't buy, do not get scammedOriginal Review June 2016:I feel like I should review this game as a warning before you buy the game. There are still a lot of bugs in the game and probably should still be in Early Access. I specifically wait until games come out of Early Access before I buy them (I hate the idea of Early Access). This one fooled me by coming out of Early Access before it was time.TLDR:Game should still be in Early Access because of the bugs, otherwise would be a pretty good game (6-7/10). There are a few downsides that will never make it a great game, including level scaling. Read below for more information.Me telling my friend why Crea isn't good yet:https://www.twitch.tv/impalatv/v/73697872(contains spoilers)My Impression:I love every type of creation game from Terraria to Slime Rancher. They all have their own personal touches that make them different from one another. I am not going to compare them since most reviews cover that, I will write this review as a warning before purchase.Also to note, most of the reviews are from people whoreceived free press copiesand reviewed it positive. I challenge you to go through the reviews and find someone who received a key for free with a negative review. They basically are giving free press keys for good reviews.I don't like the posts by people of ""Hey give the developers a chance, they are trying. Crea will be good when they finish with the bugs."" A good example of a successful launch by1 manwasStardew Valley.Positive:+ RPG system added an innovation in the 2D sandbox genre (lots of skills, leveling, adds replayability)+ The usual Terraria style environment and world (Large/procedurally generated worlds)+ Menus are movable (I can move my inventory anywhere on my screen)+ Really good music, nice and relaxing+ Developer is somewhat active in the forums+ Steam Achievements+ Steam Trading cards+ ModsNegatives:- BUGS, tons of them. Current Issues by developer (http://steamcommunity.com/app/280520/discussions/0/357288572119003683/)Huge memory leak issues (https://steamcommunity.com/app/280520/discussions/0/357288572119430553/). It uses CoherentUI_host.exe. This is used in other games and almost every game it is used in it causes severe FPS and LAG. Google search CoherentUI if interested. It also opens 8+ processes that you will see if you view task manager in Windows. Also, let it be known that this is a <100mb install and still has huge memory issues.- Unusually long loading times- As someone else mentioned, starting a new character can be quite the grind with the learning recipe process. I wouldn't normally mind this but with the frame drops, my hardcore character has fallen. I should also note that with the randomly generated worlds, I happen to get one that spawned almost on top of a slime hut. I think Terraria has a way to avoid this.- Lack of menu options, such as the zoom feature is nice to zoom it, but you cannot zoom out. There is also a lack of video options and windowed borderless bugs out every so often.- Online multiplayer is not hosted by steam (I don't play multiplayer so it wasn't a problem for me, but I saw some confused people in the discussions)- No ladders/rope, makes moving around your ""home base"" much more tedious- Level scaling of monster and bosses (very tedious, lazy programming)- Great summary of things that are a downfall of Crea (http://steamcommunity.com/app/280520/discussions/0/357288572133823227/)Decent Game:5/10Helpful review of Crea that has a recommend for it. I definitely agree with their points and even they admit that there are a lot of bugs (http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982914211/recommended/280520/)Helpful negative review (http://steamcommunity.com/id/Docdra/recommended/280520/)Best review (http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006884898/recommended/280520/)You shouldn't have to watch a dev stream on twitch where he gets donations and subscriptions to get a bug fixed."
,Not Recommended,280520,32319958,Posted: 10 June,all,Kreegath,"Crea isn't worth your time or your money. It's deeply flawed in every major aspect of the Terraria-like genre. There's no incentive to build anything. There's no incentive to explore. There's no joy in spelunking. There's no functioning combat system. There's no point in the talent system or the level system, other than pad the grind time. There's no functioning boss system. Crea is glitched and bugged out the wazoo.The game fundamentally misunderstands what the point of these types of games are.First, the game isn't working properly on a technical level. There are game crashing bugs, there are skill bugs, there are map bugs, there are multiplayer bugs. Fighting bugs makes the combat system unplayable.You'll run into lag in multiplayer, where the players exploring will cause the entire game to just stop doing anything while it's generating the new environment. You will run through empty caves where no minerals have yet spawned, no chests have appeared, no enemies appear and where you can't dig or place torches because the game is lagging behind too heavily. Then you'll hear your multiplayer companion swear over skype because they're suddenly unable to do anything.Secondly, the building and crafting portion of the game is completely unnecessary. You're delegated to progressing through the standard crafting tiers through the standard way of upgrading your standard crafting stations, getting the standard four weapons and the standard three armor parts. That's it. The rest is reskins with new stats, not changing a damned thing. You use the sword/spear, who work exactly the same, the bow or the wand. Nothing new, nothing exciting, nothing ever changing.You don't build a base, because why would you? You don't spend any time in your base, you don't have anything to fill your base with, you can take your crafting tables with you instead when you do the arbitrary digging for copper->iron->silver->gold. There's no discovery to be made anywhere along the line.Thirdly, combat doesn't work. At all. You trigger an enemy's attack, counter, rinse and repeat. Or you shoot at it from afar until it dies. Or, you build a one block wall and hit the enemy through it. This is of course on the rare occasions when enemies spawn at all, and on the even rarer occasion when they're not bugged out. The enemies get progressively higher stats as you walk the planet, but they're the same and their power levels are completely unpredictable. You can be around a lvl 7-9 crystal and suddenly face a lvl 24 enemy. It's stupid.Fourthly, you never have any goals to strive for. You do, what, exploration? Why? To find what? You don't need anythin, you don't really want to do anything. You dig? Why? To get iron instead of copper for the work station upgrade? Yawn. You come across a red crystal with a dungeon instance? Skip it. Why bother?Don't get this game. Crea isn't worth it. Get Terraria. Get Starbound if it's on sale. Hell, get Minecraft before you get this. It's no good.EDIT: I did play the beta 1.4 patch, and that is the version of the game I've reviewed. The beta version of the patch was released on the 7th of June and I played it 3 days later, and my achievments were unlocked on the 10th of June to prove it."
,Not Recommended,280520,31350224,Posted: 24 April,all,Klokinator,"It's really hard to explain just how bad this game is. My issue was that despite my early misgivings, I kept thinking the game would 'open up' after the 4 hours mark, and so I kept playing. Once I reached the first boss, that was when I knew...This game suffers from No Man's Sky syndrome.""What is NMS Syndrome?"", you may ask. Great question! It's a special sort of suffering that comes about when a game has just enough intrigue and promise to make you play past Steam's refund period, and then instantly drops off afterwards.The problems with this game are not going to be fixed without a total rework and transformation into a totally different game, but let me go ahead and spend my time explaining to you just how extensive they are.Music:This might seem to be a silly thing to start with, but my god the music in this game is the blandest most boring OST I have ever heard. It's tough to even call it music, honestly. This was always my biggest problem with it. Once you realize there is no 'action' in the game and it's truly a slow, plodding, boring experience, the music begins to make sense, but by then you've already lost all hope.If anything could start to make a dent in the playability of this game, making the music more interesting would be a big first step. Compare this to Terraria, which I consider the gold standard for indie game music. The music changes based on where you are in a planet, and it not only fits the general mood of an area, it also can help set the mood, like when you enter the Dungeon for the first time.Crea? The bosses don't even have different music. It's the same bland overworld track you've been listening to for 3 hours straight!Night-time/Day-time? Same music!Underground? Hey, the music changes a little bit! Too bad it's still boring.TL:DR, the music in this game is below sub-par, it might as well not even be there.User Interaction:One of the reasons I bought this game was because of the big lauded User Interface upgrade that I saw so much about and how excited people were for it. Guess what?...it's good. Like, the UI isn't bad at all.But the control scheme for this game is the worst thing I have experienced barring $0.99 games being resold from 1995 on Steam. I don't even know how to explain this, but here goes.1. You have two main 'control schemes' you must use. One is for exploration, the other is for combat.2. Each control scheme has a sort of alternate scheme you can switch from. As an example, you can have a melee/ranged and a magic loudout for your character, then your other scheme will be for exploration with magic spells to detect ore and such.3. So let's say you're playing with your sword and bow scheme. LMB will likely attack with the sword, and RMB will charge up and shoot your arrow. Want to switch to magic? Maybe you, like me, binded it to scroll-wheel-down. But if you want to switch to exploration mode, with your pickaxe and torches and stuff? That's atotally different button.4a. It gets better. The buttons you need to press change depending on what mode you're in. For example, in exploration mode, if you have a spell like the 'locate ore' spell on your hotbar in the '4' position, pressing 4 does not activate the spell. Instead, after pressing 4, you have to press RMB to activate it!4b. But let's say you're in combat mode, with your wands in hand and spells at the ready with Fireball tagged to the 4 slot. Pressing '4' DOES cast the spell! WHAT?!5a. Your actions against the lower hotbars also change depending on what menu you are viewing. For example, let's say you're in combat mode and there's an enemy coming. You don't have any of your inventory/character/talent windows or etc open, so if you right-click on fireball on your quick menu, it will cast Fireball.5b. But then let's say that you DO have an inventory or talent menu open... if you don't realize this and right-click on Fireball... it willdelete the god-damn spell from your hotbar! The enymy was already close by, now you have to frantically open up your talent menu, scroll to the fireball spell, drag it to your hotbar, close the menu, then right-click it again to cast it! Oops, you died!6. This one is more agregious, because of how asinine it is. In Exploration Mode, left clicking removes an object or mines a tile... and right click places one. Further, when you pluck comething out of your inventory, like a crafting table, and you then right click to place it... it doesn't place it! You often have to right-click twice! God forbid you left-click instead, you'll be baffled as to why you can't place this item down.Oh no! An enemy is attacking! You're in exploration mode underground, and you need to switch to your weapons in a hurry! What do you do? In your panic, you hit scroll-wheel-down, but alas... that switches to your alternate exploration loadout. So you hit your other button and now you're in magic mode... but oops! You forgot to place a torch somewhere so now you're in total darkness! (Unlike in Terraria, you can't hold shift for a split second to illuminate your surroundings with a torch in your inventory)You quicklly press the other button and swap your loadout to melee since this is CQC, but you're still totally blind. Swinging wildly, you quickly die. Or you try to run blindly, fall off a ledge, and take a ridiculous amount of fall damage.All I'm saying is that the control scheme in this game is abominable. But even all of what I've said pales in comparison to the next point...""""""Sandbox"""""" Progression:You know what I think makes Terraria great? You can be as good as you want at the game and it's all skill based. Sure, you might only be doing one-damage to the boss with each arrow you fire, but you're still actually damaging him. In Crea, you will often be fighting enemies at a much higher level than you and not be damaging them at all. Let's dive into core gameplay.Leveling Up:In Crea, as you perform an activity, you gain EXP for that thing. You have Arms, magic, exploration, crafting, and gathering.Arms is your physical attacks and such. This includes melee and ranged weapons like bows. (All right, just bows. No guns or anything cool.)Magic is obviously stuff related to magic, mostly meaning spells.Exploration is gained literally by walking around, and boosted by walking in areas you haven't been before, moreso in high level areas. This category also includes mobility upgrades like a double jump and sprinting.Crafting is leveled by crafting items, researching, etc. It not only allows you to refine items better, but get better sell prices and such.Gather is gained when you pick up items, dig in the ground, etc. It includes a few 'spells' that allow you to see ore and treasure chests and stuff, plus lots of upgrades for mining speed and etc.So the fundamental issue with leveling, especially in Crea, is that it just flatly locks you out of everything. In Terraria, double jumps can be obtained by finding a cloud in a bottle, and you might literally luck out and find those in a surface level chest five minutes into the game. In Crea, you're guaranteed 5 hours of grinding before you gain such a simple thing.But the real issue is what leveling and stats do to the gameplay experience. Crea has leveled zones, meaning the further you are from spawn, the stronger the enemies are, to the point of just one-shotting you. Three of your leveling traits gain you zero combat survivability. The only way to increase your actual player level is to grind in combat by attacking every single enemy you see, and it takes a LONG time........I hit the character limit for steam reviews. I really wanted to continue ripping this game to shreds but now I'm bored. Fantastic, that was effort wasted. Didn't know the limit existed."
76561198012567641,Not Recommended,280520,29663591,Posted: 2 February,all,mo123567,"I was going to start another game of Terraria when I decided that I have played that game so much that maybe a similar but fresh experience was in order. That's what I was hoping to find with Crea. Here is what I found:The leveling system seemed like a nice addition but quickly starts to feel formulaic when you realize that you are just fighting the same few monsters with the same strategies over and over as they level up along with you... until you learn how to abuse the quake spell to kill things from a distance. This may sound like a cheap solution but it is pretty hard to fight against enemies, some of which can do scummy things like hide and shoot at you from in the walls among other things that you have to avoid while combattng the most difficult enemy in the game: THE LAG. This game lags so much that I often find myself staring at the screen waiting to regain control of my character.In addition to the lag, this game is full of bugs and issues that should have been caught with even a minimal amount of playtesting. Sometimes I log in and am spawned in complete darkness in the ground. I defeat a dungeon only to think I'm trapped until I realize that the crystal needed to exit is hidden in a lava lake. Items randomly get deleted from my inventory. The mod system is a mess and easily breaks your world.If this game were in early development, I could understand all the issues and I might have even looked forward to seeing how it came along but as a game that had it's full release over half a year ago, I can't recommend buying it. I guess I'll start that Terraria world after all."
76561198053653124,Recommended,280520,30805859,Posted: 28 March,all,Agrias Oaks,"Thus far this game has exceeded ALL of my expectations! I came in expecting another build, craft, survive, game much like Terraria and Starbound...that's not what this is.The combat system feels much more skill based at times (timing combos for more damage, knowing the reach on your next combo swing, and even buffing prior to combat or mid combat). The crafting system is more along the lines of Starbound, you have to unlock the recipes, and you'll spend plenty of time unlocking all recipes. The building feels familiar, and while there are no impending threats (pirates, goblins, etc... attacking your base, or even zombies at night or even ANYTHING moving to attack you) there are plenty of enemies and they can certainly be difficult, especially when you're out numbered!The dev, Jasson, is AWAYS diligently working on the game and is very friendly and transparent! It's rare to find a dev as open as Jasson, and I definitely recommend checking his stream out on twitch sometime!10/10 Yes, play this one!"
,Recommended,280520,20498267,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lima,"After 20 hours of gameplay in 3 days, it's well past time for me to give some feedback. Please note that this may contain spoilers for newer players.Combat:The combat system is intricate and diverse. You can go from being a magic-wielding battlemage to a deadly archer to a brutal melee character, with no long-term effects if alternating between different playstyles. You have a lot of unique skills that can be used to kill enemies, defend yourself, or heal yourself. There are 4 different weapons; bows, swords, spears, and magic.Bows are the most powerful of the 4 in terms of damage. The ammo is fairly simple to get assuming the player isn't using the bow for every minor encounter.Pros:Easy-to-get ammoHigh damage outputCons:Occasionally on shooting, the trajectory is a good bit off of what one would expect. You can more easily see what I am describing when shooting down at enemies.Swords are the next weapon and the better of the two melees. They are dangerous to use in comparison to other weapon types.Pros:Infinite usageCons:Limited to ground or low-flying enemiesDangerous to use, even with melee armorMagic is the third strongest of the 4 in my opinion. It is diverse in terms of skills, simple in terms of weapon types.Pros:Ranged attacksUtility and damage skillsCons:Wands have short ranged attacks that make them difficult to useLow damage outputSpears are the final weapon. They are not very good at all.Pros:Cons:Hard to use; aiming at enemies that are in you is practically impossible.The combat weapons are interesting as there are a lot of them to use. Swords will limit players' abilities to button mash as there is a better way to swing that involves timing and precision rather than button-mashing. The stamina limitation is understandable but a little bit unnecessary for attacks, in my opinion. The magic wands and skills drain stamina rather than mana or something else of the sort, which makes little sense. Although this avoids confusion, it isn't very realistic.Crafting:The crafting system is clever and fun. Crea has modifiers just like Terraria, however these modifiers are applied to weapons via a system called Chaos crafting. After playing a short minigame, the end quality that you score is then used to determine the quality of the modifier you receive. The system is interesting and better than Terraria's reforging system as it doesn't involve mass amounts of currency and the end quality of an item can be controlled through skill progression.In addition to Chaos crafting, the other notable mechanic of crafting is research. Researching a recipe is necessary in order to craft it, and the researching is done by consuming crafting ingredients. The system only allows you to research items that for sure are used in something, and as far as my experiences go the consumption of an item guarantees you are on step closer to the end of a recipe. This system is a great way to create progression and it is a clever one overall.Bosses:The bosses in Crea aren't the best in my honest opinion. Although they are unique, the actual implementation is lacking.Sano:Sano is the first boss you will fight, generally speaking. The fight involves you to bring down the shield around her by using her own attack on her, and then you attack her like crazy during the 10 seconds before she resummons her shield. The fight is fun and challenging. The part about her that I don't like is that there isn't a clear goal to go to after defeating her.Dormian:Dormian is the second boss in the game. Dormian is the opposite of Sano in that the goals after the boss fight are clear but the actual boss fight is poor. The reason I say this is because the boss fight comes down to attacking the right clone of him to bring his health down. The actual attacks he uses are balanced and fun, however figuring out how to attack him is very complicated. After already defeating him, I still don't completely understand the logic behind which is attackable and which isn't. It came down to a game of attacking random ones so that when they all shifted again one of the ones I attacked would lower the health of the others.Miscellaneous:-Numerous bugs are in the game, however numerous bugs are being fixes every single day by the developer.-Performance issues that include massive drops in FPS that happen periodically. Performance was greatly increased over Weekly Update #23, however.-A longer tutorial that detailed parts of the game beyond Chaos crafting (remnas, for example) would be much appreciated by newer players. This is especially important due to the lack of an up-to-date wiki.-The developer, Jasson is very active and friendly. Numerous bugs are fixed each day and the developer is very helpful on the forums. It is great for the future of the game to have such a developer working on it and helping its community."
,Not Recommended,280520,24286664,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Curry Master,"In its current state, I do not recommend this game. Definitely not to people to who want to play a game like Terraria and spend hours upon hours on it.There is simply not enough content.And when I played, there were so many bugs; to the point where I wondered how this game released as a finished product. It should still be in early access.Don't get me wrong though; Jasson is an awesome, friendly developer, he listens to his players & also streams development on Twitch quite often. He is rolling out very frequent updates & bug fixes for the game.This review should not defer you from buying the game. Granted, the game is not the best it can be at the moment, you should try it out for yourself as I believe it will be in the future. And you can definitely get several hours of gameplay in before it gets boring.tl;drThis game has great potential, but it needs more content & much bux fixing done until it can reach Terraria-level. However, It is not a bad purchase, so don't be afraid to try it out."
76561198025835279,Recommended,280520,33655374,Posted: 19 July,all,Eloar,"It's an absolute shame every platform has seemingly done away with star ratings -- though I think I get it, it's a way to drive sales.Since, I'd recommend this game, but I'd only give it about a3 - 3.5 / 5 rating. It's an average game.The first 20 or so hours of this game are amazing -- though I'd imagine this number might be lower if you accidentally discover what you're supposed to do first, or choose to play in a medium sized world first.My spoiler-free review is this: this game will feel very familiar if you've played any crafting game before (quickly becoming my favorite genre) -- but, unfortunately, Crea doesn't really offer anything new in the genre. It does streamline certain things (things like weapons and gear do not have durability), and there is a heavy emphasis on fighting -- which isn't a bad thing, except, ultimately, it ends up feeling like fighting for fighting's sake.There is lore in this game, but it is not presented in a forthright way -- thus there is little-to-no incentive to care about it.My spoiler free review is this: if you're interested in a quick, 2D RPG-light, crafting/adventuring fix to play with a friend or loved one, I highly recommend this.But if you're looking for something deeper, look elsewhere. I'm almost 40 hours in, and while I still enjoy it, about 15 or so hours ago the charm wore off, and now I am more or less chasing achievements where fun happens too infrequently.Spoilers:This game's fun quickly diminishes when you kind of figure out the pattern: research everything, fight the boss, rise and repeat. Magic feels underwhelming and not as fun as melee. The game tends to flood the screen with bad guys, and magic is just too slow and weak -- I know there are ways to circumvent this via crafting; however, early game will dictate a player's choice, and most likely they will feel obligated to go toward a melee build.There are too few areas and too few monsters -- there should definitely be just as much stuff going on up in the clouds as there is underground -- but there isn't -- in fact, in my large-generated world, I only got one or two areas where there was stuff happening high up -- and by the time I discovered it, it was nothing new -- no new textures and no new monsters.The game needs more stuff to do besides just level -- ultimately everything comes down to: what is your level via combat. So there is a large incentive placed on leveling up your character as opposed to building a house, etc.There needs to be incentives for crafting housing items (maybe during the night monsters get a lot stronger and way more aggressive?); also, there should be reasons for farming -- there are shears in the game, and when I discovered that, I thought I'd be able to mate and feed sheep, and maybe find other animals I could essentially farm -- but there was no ""gate"" item, no way to easily hear sheep (for fun I grappled a bunch of them up into my ""above ground"" ""farm"".This game would benefit from quests, more mechanics, and more mysteries to uncover."
,Recommended,280520,21878237,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,<Blank>,"Crea it's a Sandbox RPG style with a interesting crafting system that you need to research to know a part of a recipe and receive scraps from researching any item you found mining, choping, killing monsters etc..The skilling sytem it's very good that gives you xp for each thing you do, if you chop, you get gathering, if you mine, you get mining, crafting you get xp that you can improve things and get better and better...The art of the game reminds a bit terraria but it's not a ""clone"" every game have they diferences but they have some equal too, the art it's simply and beaultiful letting us to enjoy the view of sunrise and the music are something to feel too.. And it has workshop Yay!If you like exporationThat is for youIf you like crafting system that you need to put in workThat is for youIf you like leveling upThat's for youit's worth"
,Recommended,280520,23518910,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Saint Ares,"Loving this game so far! I strongly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys Terraria. There are some things that Terraria doesn't do well that this game improves on:-Research systems removes the need to look up recipes-Blocks/bricks and walls are the same thing which makes building much easier-Separate toolbars for combat and crafting is amazing-Each monster has its own unique attack pattern that isn't just to run straight at you until you're dead-No need to rely on loot RNG to get core abilities like dash and double jump(And if you don't know Terraria, think Metroidvania meets Minecraft)I'm sure there are others but I still need to play more. Don't be concerned about developer support, he streams his development on Twitch and is already working on updating the game."
76561197974781318,Recommended,280520,21233145,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,HighLife,"Nice clean graphics, a massive crafting system, complex and diverse, yet easy to understand levelling system.This game has come a long ways.  And I believe it is going to go a lot further. Whats more, the devs actually release patches, sometimes same day as a direct response to issues brought forward. Hard to ask for better support than that.One of a few EA's that I can truly reccomend.If you like starbound, terraria and the like, you won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,280520,23471319,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Prince Of Stars,"Crea is a great mix of Terraria's sandbox, Starbound's combat and a unique system of Crafting, Researching, and adventuring!Each character has the option of branching into any of the skills available, so no restricting classes. And you can swap between different combat styles with a press of a button.Tons of amazing furniture and building materials to make crazy complex and realistic houses and buildings.Hilariously fun for multiplayer and tons of player to player skill interactions that make boss fights more interesting!A great rpg experience from the very start!"
,Recommended,280520,32833950,Posted: 26 June,all,Anna,"I've been following this game since 2015, and there's been a lot of improvement. The developer does streams, and there's a Discord server where you can interact with him.It's a little slower than Terraria, but it does have its own, unique charm."
,Not Recommended,280520,25685161,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,KirkWS,"This game has a lot of great ideas, it just doesn't have content.  This game is small, you have to grind a lot to see more of it.  It also doesn't feel like a finished game. It feels like a developer trying to point about how inventory management should work. There is so little content that I cannot reccomend it."
76561198001269905,Recommended,280520,17506057,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,[TG] Maligner,"Early Access Review- version 0.24.0 authored 08/12/2015I've played Terraria and Starbound. I honestly like both. Terraria especially was one of those watershed games for me that got me really excited for something different than I had played before. Somewhere along the way, Terraria stopped development. Later, Terraria began development again, but the original team was different. Because of this, my personal opinion is that Terraria is missing that certain something that makes me both want to keep playing, and to play again. My personal opinion is that Terraria just never reached it's full potential (yet).So why am I talking about Terraria in a Crea review? Ultimately, we tend to compare things as human beings. Terraria is the single most likelt comparison when looking at Crea. So the foundation of my opinion is partially based on what I didn't like about Terraria, wheras listing the good things about Terraria is less germaine to a Crea review.Let's make some of the obvious comparisons between Crea and Terraria; both are side scrolling 2D sandbox action/adventure games. Immediately you notice that both require chopping down trees and killing slimes for a primary ingredient needed to make torches. So very quickly it's impossible not to notice near identical design choices. Beyond some of these simple things though, we start to divert from the earlier same-genre games and Crea makes it's own niche.The glaring differences of Crea are still under development and that's an important thing to know at this point. Things like crafting research, which is required to progress and craft, actually may change to a smaller or larger degree; that is the nature of in development software. Moving forward, it's still important to realize the design goals that differ in this game.I mentioned research that is required for progression and to craft. It's not my purpose to expose the full mechanics in this review. I also feel it's part of the enjoyment of this game to experience these things for yourself. Suffice to say that the research system puts the player on a path that makes progression inherent in the game, regardless of your play style.To compare and contrast with Terraria, for the most part the player would only need make or find certain crafting tools, such as a forge, in order to unlock all recipes of a certain type. The crafting and, indeed, the exploration of Terraria comes down to mindless time sink, especially the first time through. In Crea, the system is more robust. It can feel grindy, but the game is actually slowed down. Nice tools like teleportation (which I'll not spoil by explaining) are therefore not overpowered as they provide the nice time saving boost they should be instead of just speeding up and already fast crafting progression like in Terraria.I hate to gloss over very important features like the RPG style level up systems, but again I don't want to spoil the discovery a new game brings. Just know that your character levels up from a traditional XP system from defeating creatures and other hostile entities. In addition, there is a ""talent"" system where you gain separate talent points and corresponding levels for each of several categories, including arms (melee and ranged weaponry), syle (magic), gathering (mining, forestry, other gathering), crafting (both crafting and research) and exploring. All activities earn TP (talent points) that can be spent to buy active and passive abilities. Again, I don't want to spoil too much so I don't want to give much info out here. Just know that some things like how well your mining tool works is partially tied to your experience using such tools as gained through gathering talent points. So it's not just a matter of getting a better pick. A better pick helps, but your character improves through experience as well, which makes the game more enjoyable for me as I progress regardless of whether I've stumbled on enough of a certain resource yet or not. Also, mining some of that dirt and stone actually pays off as you occasionaly earn some TP for it!Crafting on it's surface is very generic to the genre. However, there is a still-in-development system called ""Chaos Crafting"" which is really a sort of boosting mini-game. It is off-putting to some folks. It is not required to craft. You merely have the option to invest more time and some special resources to try to improve your crafted items. I have only dabbled with this system and I don't quite get it, but I look forward to using it in the future to make better items as I progress. Again, this is another example of game mechanics that slow the game down a little bit, add some challenge, depth, replayability, discovery and... fun!Speaking of fun, ultimately we play our games for the fun we have. If you play Terraria and liked it, you'll probably like Crea. If you felt Terraria was just not what you wanted, and you want a more RPG style game that has a little more organized progression, you'll likely prefer Crea. If you want to zoom to the end of the game in Terraria and despise climbing the progression ladder, best to stick to Terraria. If you're just not sure. then it comes down to the cost.Just to touch on the cost, I always felt Terraria was too cheap to not buy. I agree that EA games that are ""too expensive"" are not something I generally interested in. That's all a discussion for another place. But, Crea's price at this point is certainly open to criticism. For what it's worth, I don't think the dev's are really pushing their product, I really think their actions so far have proven they really just wanted some dedicated people willing to buy in that will help development. With the features available so far and the development pace, I'm personally very happy to buy at the current $15 US price."
,Recommended,280520,30416508,Posted: 9 March,all,tomb34567,Very good game for people who enjoy 2d sandbox games. Don't expect it to be just like Terraria or Starbound. It is similar enough for you to enjoy but takes an entirely different route when it comes to combat. The combat system is unique and smooth. The devs are great and respond well to feedback as well. 10/10 would buy again.
,Not Recommended,280520,34748992,Posted: 4 September,all,Fergus,playing for too long causes an increasing level of memory leak that stacks
,Not Recommended,280520,24045678,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,StarGaze,"In a word: Disappointing.Crea is yet another early access game that was put on Steam way too early only to be released in a state so bad the game feels rushed and unfinished. Fact is, Crea has been in development for years yet still feels unsatisfying to play. The dev remains active but so what? He obviously can't deliver. Check out how many things are busted in this game...Hit detection - you will often hit enemies and do no damage.Combat lacks any 'oomph' or excitement whatsoever.Crafting is messy and unappealing.Tutorials are terrible, especially the one on crafting.Inventory management is an endless hell.Research mechanism forces you to hoard *everything* in the game to progress (per character). No alts in this game.Several enemies are bugged and will charge up into mid-air or drop no loot.You can kill enemies through walls but they can't do the same, making combat a joke.The skill system - you'll have too many points to spend, overall.NPCs are boring, unintuitive and close to useless.Death does nothing.Night time is the same as day time. Why even bother having the cycle?There is no threat, no driving goal and no reason to build a base.Base building is clunky as heck.Even opening a chest will make your ears bleed..."
76561198025384921,Not Recommended,280520,25471553,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Argothin,"In short, very disappointing. It's got some neat ideas and a nice theme, but as far as gameplay goes, I regret buying it. Combat is clunky, crafting is slow due to the way things are organized, and it doesn't feel like there's much to find aside from random dungeons.It might improve at a later date, but don't buy this as it is. If you must, wait for a really, really good sale."
,Recommended,280520,31560477,Posted: 5 May,all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"If you're looking for more terraria,This is a charming terraria clone that does a lot to make itself different.What's different?-This game is a lot slower paced than terraria, reaching a feeling closer to minecraft.-The combat is slower paced aswell, all enemies, including the bosses, all have specific patterns that you can get around by learning their gimmicks, efficiently using the dodge roll,and using your many unlockable abilities.-The character progression is similar to that of an RPG, you get xp in specific categories while you play the game, meanwhile a main xp bar fills up. you can use all of that to unlock/upgrade abilities and upgrade your character.-Crafting is a bit more complex, you have to 'research' something before you can craft it, on top of that, you can make your gear stronger than normal by using chaos crafting.-You actually lose your things upon death, but you can get them back by going back to your death point without worrying about the items despawning, aslong as you have atleast 1 way shard in your inventory.-Enemy difficulty scales with the local area difficulty rather than constantly adding new enemy variants.What's the same?-you get from tier to tier mostly through mining, but it's a bit less grindy to do in this game because one of the gather skills is a built in spelunker potion.-There's a handful of different biomes.Additional notes-This game has a few bugs, but is mostly polished.-It takes a bit of time to learn the basics of the game.I give this game 8 speeps out of 10."
,Recommended,280520,22265167,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zaylen99,What a game! It is something that I have been looking for in these kind of games for a long time! Totally worth 14.99 and hopefully a lot won't change dramatically like in Starbound while we wait for the fulll release...Big RPG lover and love the way that the crafting system is implemented! Anyway thank you Seige games I will be playing this one for a long time!
,Recommended,280520,18420580,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,I do like this game and would continue to play  it if it weren't for the scaling of the game. At 1920x1080 the game objects are tiny. Any scaling or magnification just make this game fuzzy (appears like a gaussian blur effect) and unpleasant.The developer should reconsider the sizing in this game.
76561198252437248,Recommended,280520,28890619,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,AetherThief,"I originally gave this game a negative review, but that was a mistake. I found that exploring and terraforming (digging a lot everywhere) was my key aspect. The main developer (Jasson) was very kind and honest about asking me questions about my review. This game, however, is still progressing, but so far it is just amazing. Now, I will move onto the pros and cons that I have thought of.Pros:- Developers are very kind and nice, (I have read forums and I have seen Jasson and a few others responding, which I thought was very generous.)- Has a great RPG style, with its variety of abilities, armors, and weapons of choice.- Exploring and digging were 2 of my favorite parts about this game, because that's just the type of player I am in games.- Bosses are actually tough no matter how far you are in the game, which adds for a neat challenge, where you will actually have to strategically find the pattern of the bosses attacks and learn how to avoid them.- Game has much variety. (Ores, weapons, armors, etc.)- Weapons/Armor/Tools do not break, which got me about 11.50% more into this game.- Artwork is very cool.Cons:- Still in progress, just needs more bosses and enemies.- Grinding sometimes takes a while and is lengthy, but the reward you get is great.- Game is a bit slow, in terms of framerate, but as long as it runs, I'm ok.- Researching is a bit tedious, due to having to use materials to research items that use those materials.Overall, this game is still progressing, but what it is with right now is just absolutely great. The developers and community are also amazing. Overall, just an amazing game as it is.8.7/10"
76561198108741822,Recommended,280520,21467824,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,vgamerunner87,"As both an RPG fan and having put in quite some time in games like Terraria and Starbound, this game caught my interest; I've enjoyed the environment of the game combined with the status building of your character that you don't really see in the others I mentioned, and while the game is currently in early access, it's been a great time, and I have had very few issues with the game. A responsive developer is always a great bonus too; looking forward to the things to come in the future."
76561198045341687,Recommended,280520,16034069,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ancient Ways,"I am someone who liked Terraria. I liked Minecraft a lot, too. I love open world games that are full of exploration, lots of things to do, and lots of loot to drown yourself in. 2d side scrolling games like this tend to be called Metroidvania games.I first got Crea many months ago and it was rough, unpolished and hard to play. I waited. MANY updates have come out since then so I decided to give it another try a few weeks ago. I am glad I did.Crea has an in-depth crafting system that actually takes a bit of thought to figure out. You don't just have materials, you have crafting methods. They call it Chaos Crafting. There's a variety of crafting techniques to apply while you are crafting something. It's up to you to find a combination that works well. If you do, you can get some amazing results.The enemies in Crea are likewise as well thought out. You can't just run up and whack and enemies like you do to Terraria's slimes. Enemies in this game have different attacks, but they all have certain patterns that you can figure out.What the game needs most is variety in what the player experiences. Once you craft that next tier of armor and weapons you're off to do more of the same, just in a higher level area, battling the same monsters who are simply higher level. The game does have biomes, but as of this review, they're only surface biomes that don't mean a whole lot at the moment.However, the game is solid enough and enjoyable enough that the $15 price tag is well worth it at this point. Combat is a blast in this game. Since development is still very much underway who knows what we might see for the biomes or maybe even new, different underground zones.Crea has a ways to go before it could be a contender for king of Metroidvania Mountain. It's not there yet. It's got a ways to go. But it's certainly headed in the right direction."
76561197979034849,Recommended,280520,30540531,Posted: 16 March,all,bab,"Good game. If you just finished Terraria and wanted something similiar this might be a game for you. I was at the refund page right at the beginning because the game would not start at all, but i googled a lot and solved the issue. It seems it was just one of my computers having some SW issue.The leveling system gives this genre a new type of gameplay."
76561198117454690,Recommended,280520,21902885,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,nero,"I don't usually write reviews, TL;DR at the bottom.From what I've played, It seems pretty great to me. The RPG/Explorer is a sucker thing for me. I love how the crafting elements is so immersive, you must research in-game to figure out how to craft new things. The combat system has multiple spells and it's own specific point system. (I.E Style has Style points and Craft has its own Craft points.)This may be odd, but I'm sensing a backstory on the whole world of Crea. For example, why is it when I hover my mouse across certain things, various letters are scattered, seemingly like they're missing? Who is Renma? Why is a feather a sign of forgiveness?There are 2 modes in this game, Build and Combat. You must press R to switch in between which is a bit annoying, but with time you'll get used to it. Also, the graphics are absolutely beautiful for a pixel game.Now, there are some bad things in the game. For example, the beginning enemies can be WAYYYY too diffucult if you're difficulty is set to normal. Most of the Ink-slime thingies are level 7 straight off the bat, while you're stuck at level 1.Other than a couple few annoyances (rarely happen), it's a well polished game.Also, kudos to the developer for being so helpful and responsive. I read about a guy who watched his stream, and the Developer was taking reports for bugs live on stream! I love it when developers feel like they're actually there, unlike most developers. *cough Chucklefish *cough*Another thing I'd absolutely LOVE is more in-depth on the story. How was the world of Crea created? Most of the ingrediants in the game have some lore attached to it. (I.E The Renma core or whatever it's called) Little notes scattered across the terrain or in caves would be absolutely amazing to have since it intrigues the player to discover and explore more.TL;DRWant an upgraded version of Terraria? Want a developer that actually gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Want a (somewhat) intruguing lore and backstory? Want a level-up system that actually matters? Want a combat system that lets you fight however YOU want to fight? Want a beautiful game?Then go for this. Prepare to be a little annoyed though at some bugs (I.E Character not showing on create screen), but it's in Early Access so it's alright."
76561198043933811,Recommended,280520,31313693,Posted: 23 April,all,shadow,"Crea may be one of the most overlooked Sandbox/Crafting games on Steam... I enjoy playing it a lot!Pros:* Nice blend of genres (that's subjective, of course). I feel the RPG components (character progression) really add to the depth of the game* Committed developer; Updates are not exactly regular, but they definitely add to the game - the recent performance improvements/graphic overhaul, for instance.* Subjective again: Gorgeous graphicsCons:* Less content (enemy variety, for instance) than other games in the same genre. The roadmap lists that as one of the future improvements, though* Few options regarding character appearance* Some people might not like the combat system, I think it's nice"
76561197978716036,Recommended,280520,23477217,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SweenMachine,"This game takes the best from Terraria and Starbound and adds its own flavour with the talent point/upgrade system. I've been playing ""Terraria-like"" games for years but this is the first one that feels truly unique and refreshing!Pick it up, you won't be disappointed!"
,Not Recommended,280520,34623985,Posted: 30 August,all,Mountain Dew Sipper,"It's not that great of a game, you're better off playing Terraria or Starbound at the same or even lower price"
,Recommended,280520,34806807,Posted: 7 September,all,TalabVier,"Truthfully I enjoy this gamea  lot, the skill tree/lvl aspect is why I bought it for the price it's at *should be lowered*.I also have major dislikes, but even with those dislikes, I would tell you to buy this game and give it a shot.Pros:Skill treeConstant feel of upgrading/expandingFairly good crafting systemDungeons *somewhat buggy*Skill pointsLvl progression on map *if you choose*Change of map lvl *if you craft/use*easy teleports all around the map *something most games don't have*I just feel the game is all around done pretty well, no it doesn't have the content like Terraria/Starbound, due to the lack of people building/progressing on the game, but for how little people are working on it, I would say it's done fairly well. This game does need a community backing, I feel the game would grow or at least the workshop side of it would, and it would greatly help out where the games standing is.Cons:Lack of end gameAfter first boss you just fly throughCrafting is good, but item drops are random and could use a boost *planned I believe*Fix the damn dungeons, idk how many I've spawned and gotten stuck in, or unable to do because I'm trapped in a room you can't mine urself out of, I've also pulled a mob into a wall *have to kill all to progress in this specific dungeon* and I tried for 20 minutes to kill it, even checking forums, no luck.As stated by others, dev does seem to be giving up, delaying updates for another game, he promises to update this one, but sadly we do know how that goes, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt as this game is 5 years old, but I feel it just truly came to light.I feel playing this game with more than like 2/3 people will kill it for you, unless you have major goals, as you can progress very fast, and carry them through dungeons/instances and they will get the xp for it, so there is some catchup for them if they don't wanna be low, but it also ruins the experience. I myself feel it's fine where it's at, but the experience is gone for your friend.I would prefer this game to linger around a 5-$10 mark with how ""finished"" it is, and the part time coding/programming etc that is coming from the dev.The skill tree aspect in this game, makes it worth it alone, it does seem a bit fast to finish most of it though."
76561198028101712,Recommended,280520,28389247,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,kajidiablo,"decent game with a lot of depth it gets fun after a while took about 5-6 hours for me to get about mid way and that tells you a lot about most the reviews, its a great game with active devs who care about there game the leveling system is great and adds perpos other then the bosses and clearing sectors, it also lets you access chests for building anywhere in your home, so store your stuff and then click stack/diposit to stick them in your chests with ease, then craft without grabing them, because they are all linked that feture made me love the game honestly id say try it, its a great game and worth the price, if not get it on sale but help these good folks out :)"
,Not Recommended,280520,24392057,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jowel,"Not enjoying myself. Loved the first 2 hours and the inspiring music, all the good & fresh ideas but in its current state I can't recommend it as I got too lags in-game after a few hours of intense gaming.Regarding gameplay, combat feels clunky and boring despite the many skills (not visible enough in my opinion and not intuitive). Exploration is not rewarding, chests are greedy. Moreover the world feels empty. The idea behind the crystal teleporting you to instance locations are fun at beginning but it's always the same.I'm really trying to appreciate this game but mixing RPG elements with Terraria is not enough to me, the magic is not there yet."
,Recommended,280520,33116226,Posted: 1 July,all,Meymi,"Having only played this game for a few hours, I can already safely say that it's become one of my favourite games to play, easily. Having close to 800 hours clocked on Terraria, Crea excels in a lot of areas, where I feel like Terraria is lacking. Crea's crafting system is really interesting and the outfit/mannequin system is something I haven't seen in any of the games I've played so far. I also love the characters mobility and the possiblity to upgrade it through skill points. Being able to grab onto ledges, swim without the need of extra items (Terraria, I'm glaring at you) and being able to roll right before your face has a meeting with the ground beneath you to prevent a bad case of No-more-life-ingitis.That being said.. so far the only things that I've found out that are bothering me are are really small, but still..-Mob Spawners spawning right next to your house. Not entirely sure if it they'll actually spawn inside your housing, but a few times I've came home from exploring and there's an Oil Slime spawner right in front of my front door. Not that it's a big issue, just.. tiny bit annoying.-Being able to build an actual house. Using the shingles as a roof is great and all, but then when you try to match the blocks that form the rest of the roof with the shingles, it gets complicated. Or in my case so far, impossible. Again, this not a gamebreaking issue, just.. to my eye and the fact that I'm such a perfectionist when it comes to stuff like this, it feels off. After playing Terraria for so long and being able to hammer the blocks to my liking so that the whole roof/building in general matches, it's a little inconvenient. BUT, like I said.. only played a little so far so maybe there will be something that changes that?-Lack of fences/ladders/rope/staircase system (like, for example, in Terraria hammering platforms into a staircase shape)? So far I haven't came across any.All in all, I've tried to sell this game to right about anybody that I know. Love playing it. The atmosphere is amazing, the game is very pleasing to both my eyes and ears which, from me, is a huge plus.TLDR; Love this game to bits so far, I've recommended it to everybody and with time and effort, it can easily surpass Terraria as my favourite game to spend time on."
,Recommended,280520,12815085,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Inle,"I don't usually buy games without discounts, but when I do it has some reasons. As a great fan of Terraria and similar crafting games I've noticed this one long time ago. Finally, I couldn't resist and bought it. Well... This is my next big thing in 2D crafting games. In my humble opinion Crea is better than any analog on Steam store (And I did enjoy Asteria, Edge of Space, Signs of Life, Darkout and others). I'm writing this NOT to review the game by spoiling all of the fun saying that this thing is done like this, and that stuff is like that. I'm writing this to tell you: ""If you enjoy crafting games - don't hesitate - buy this game. It is epic!"". Cheers!"
,Recommended,280520,17260630,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Toriac,"I don't generally review games, but the developers seem active (both developmentally and on the forums) and the game is pretty good, so I'll give it a positive review!I thought I was buying an RPG version of Terraria, and although I don't really feel like the game is anything like that, I will say that I'm enjoying the game that I bought. I'm looking forward to seeing this game progress toward the future and what directions the developers take.7/10 currently, possibly 11/10 in the future."
,Recommended,280520,20623063,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Four Horseman,"I've been playing Crea for some time now, and I'm very impressed with what the devs have put together. I am a huge fan of 2D exploring games (as you can tell from my profile). I own just about (of the ones I know about) all of them, I can honestly say that Crea ranks in my top 3.  If you are a fan of Terraria, Starbound or other 2D games, Crea is a must buy, you will not regret supporting these devs."
76561198018811171,Recommended,280520,23479128,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fish Bazooka,"I will continue to update my review as I play.Crea came out of nowhere and blew past most of the games I've played. Don't miss out on this gem. The soundtrack is amazing and the art style is grabbing. So far this game has been VERY user friendly for me. The hud/layout is easy to navigate and butter smooth. The tutorial system as you play is very helpful and won't leave you blind. It's easy to get familiar quickly. You gain TP through different categories depending on what you do (fighting, magic, exploring, crafting, harvesting/mining I believe, etc.). TP can be used in each of these categories to purchase talents (active & passive). Also, you gain xp from creatures you kill. The combat is crisp but I wouldn't call it fluid. When you level up, you gain stat points you can distribute with about 7 or 8 different options (att, def, int, luck, agi, stamina, etc.) which I love because that's really what makes every character different (all talents can be maxed by any character but stats are unique). Anything and everything is destructable & craftable. The most similiar game to Crea is Terraria which I enjoyed playing."
,Recommended,280520,23481189,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Zincoshine,"In may 2011, terraria was released, pioneering the 2D sandbox genre. At its time it was a pretty minimalistic game with no story and limited content, but over the years it gained more and more content that eventually made terrraria one of the most underpriced games on steam.With the success of Terraria, other developers began taking an interest in making their own 2D sandbox games. There were a lot of promising ones that went into early access, but they quickly found themselves unable to compete with terraria that already had a good headstart and was continously being updated. Those that did make it out of early access have all been failures.... that is until now. 5 years after the release of terraria, Crea has just become the first good 2D sandbox game to be released since terraria. Crea is better than terraria in some ways but also worse and I will explain in detail all theseHere is how Crea is better than terraria:- Crea has a backstory that gets revealed as the game progresses.- Crea has slightly better graphics.- Crea has a leveling up and research system that creates a sense of progress and pretty much eliminates the need for a guide NPC.- Crea has a tutorial that helps guide the player in the very beginning. luckily, the game is fairly intuitive once you get used to the new system in comparison to terraria.- Crea has better native modding support than Terraria.- Crea does not require a wiki in order to play and discover the world on your own.Here is how terraria is better:- Terraria is underpriced, crea is fairly priced.- Terraria has more content, although this could change since terraria has reached its limits whereas Crea will continue to get updates going forward.- Terraria performs better, lower PC requirements, more optimised code.- Terraria's music is slightly better.- terraria's controls are slightly better.All in all, if you are looking for a 2D sandbox with a more RPG feel to it, Crea is recommended over Terraria. If you are a fan of terraria who is looking for something new but similar, Crea is recommended for you. If you want more freedom in what you do in the game, dislike a RPG progression system, or want a lot of content then terraria is recommended over Crea."
,Not Recommended,280520,26140415,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Starmi,"There's not a whole lot to do especially on multiplayer. You can only do two bosses as the rest won't spawn properly. But even then there's a very limited amount of things to do. On average there's like 20 hours of gameplay, which isn't that much given the other games like it like Terraria."
76561198269501813,Recommended,280520,22872415,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,kennybakos,hi i just got to say this game is epic i like the lvling system i just hope the lvl cap is raised up and there more tp skills to get10 out of 10
,Recommended,280520,31348533,Posted: 24 April,all,Reldio,"+Fun unique crafting and researching+Decent artstyle+Music is pretty good+Levelling/builds and lots of choice in weaponry later on adds depth+Decent exploration-Not many bosses or variety in combat-Sub-par artstyle, many armour sets and weapons look a little weak"
,Recommended,280520,18384785,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,MR.BONES,"Honestly this game isnt finished but it's still great if you're into the whole Terraria style game. I like this game more than terraria but havent played it as much due to it being early access and all. The heavier focus on the RPG system is what attracts me alot more. There are tons of ways to build your character with the TP (basically skill points) you get, the magi system has been taken down a notch, though I guess it was kind of complicated before. But like I said. You can be a mage, you can be an archer, you can be a fighter, you can be a tank wizard, you can completely avoid combat by just running fast and jumping high. I havent played very much this patch and I dont know if you can still do it, but I used to just stack defense and use the fire aura spell and things would kill themselves on me.The gear crafting is pretty interesting though I'm still not 100% sure how to get the best outcome of it. You an apply different skills when you make an item to give it better stats, but you can use them in different orders for different possible outcomes. There are a good amount of effects you can get on your items such as just raw stats, bonus damage/defence and things like life steal. I hope this gets added onto for things like effect procs such as ""x% chance to cause an ice explosion that slows enemies"" or ""this shield has a x% chance to block 100% of incoming damage"" ect.The combat felt kind of stale when I first started playing, but you can get better combos by investing skill points in certain weapons and what not, you can block which applies your shields defense somehow or another, not 100% sure how it works. You can dodge roll behind things when they try to hit you. But you have to moderate your stamina the whole time or you'll become exhausted and not be able to do much other than walk slowly and jump until your stamina refills. It's honestly a pretty good feeling system. Early game it might feel annoying if you get in a big fight but when you get some more stamina it's not so punishing to just go ham on things.One thing in particular that I really like is that there are portals that spawn that take you to instances like dungeons or just a big area with lots of enemies and sometimes spawners to kill. I havent run into a dungeon yet, that was just recently added but you get some pretty nifty rewards for doing so if I remember correctly. If not just the rare drops that enemy spawners drop.Anyways, the devs update this game alot, I miss the old complicated as heck magic system with tons of different spells, but the new one is still fine and dandy, there are lots of new skills added to other trees such as combat, crafting and exploring. Building is pretty good so far though it's not what I really look forward to doing in these games, exploring is pretty solid, enemies are diverse, there are bosses (which are just bigger badder versions of smaller things) that will randomly spawn and likely wreck you. I think it's very worth buying or adding to your wishlist and keeping an eye on. I straight up love this game and cant wait for it to hit full release."
76561198058613025,Recommended,280520,24171326,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sirealparadox,Has a lot of potential but it's not quite there. If you're like me then you found this game after playing Terraria and wanting something similar. This is not it. BUT it is early access and should gain a lot of depth in the coming months. Here's to hoping.
76561198015183752,Recommended,280520,32836337,Posted: 26 June,all,lilvulpix,"TL:WRIt is worth a try. It won't take you long to decide if you like it or not.Winded Review:First of all, if you are interested in this game hoping it will play like X sandbox game, expunge that notion from your mind right now. There are several reasons for this. Even among apples there are different varieties and you may not like Golden Delicious apples but go wild for Fuji apples. Same goes for games of a similar genre. In addition, this game is farily new when compared with other popular 2d sandbox type games (i.e. Terraria) and so it is frankly unfair to judge based on that. Would be like deciding if you like a cake based on the taste of the flower you plan to use.The game has its bugs. The developers are focusing on dealing with the bugs rather than pushing out a lot of new content.They try their hardest to respond to players who are having issues and figuring out if it is something they can fix.New things (monsters/features/etc) are slipped in as well to keep things interesting. But they have also overhauled the system a few times already. (The most current UI I am not a fan of, but it was an improvement over the previous.)I should be far more professional about this review and listing the various problems. But despite the problems I find, I still enjoy the game very much.If you are able to get over the idea that it isn't, ""just like x game"" you will probably enjoy it as well.If you are capable of understanding the game is in it's early infancy (release wise), you will probably enjoy the game.If you need a game that tells you what to do next, you will find yourself not enjoying the game.If you base a game's enjoyment based on how difficult it is, you may not enjoy the game very much.(Granted, difficulty will change from person to person. What is easy for me may be difficult for you and vice versa.)"
,Recommended,280520,21375872,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dabkingethan,"Crea ReviewThis game is super amazing I love the grapics and everything in the game. The pixle art in the game is very amazing. Their are just a few things I was very disapointed about. First Reason The music never changed and it was just getting super anyoing. Second Reason The movement of my chacter is very laggy and so every time I would click the one of the WSAD Key it would take one step then my game just freezes. Third Reason is that It is not optmized yet for windows ten so that could be another factor. If I saw the developer I would tell them what they need to fix and I bet they will understand what I am saying and fix it.  Overall I would give this five star because I think the gameplay and the art that the developers did were amazing. These Three reasons I am just giving to the developer so they can hear from a playtester and from a product tester perpectives.####Pros####Love GamplayLove ArtLove ItemsLove Single Player, Quick Play, And Online####Cons####Pauses Between I MovedSpeed of axe needs to be fasterPause in between tasksCharcter moves only one stepJumping needs to be higherVery LaggyDear Developer,I will be changing this review once you go ahead and read it. I really appricte your time and effort you put into this game. It is very good but their just needs to be little stuff tweaked. I will appicate it if you will read my review and if you chanege some of things I listed here I would cross everything out and write a postive review. The reason why I gave 5 stars was beacause I loved you game Crea. I would love to see these improvments developer then I will strike everthing I wrote here. Please take your time in reading the review. Also keep in mind I still love your game so don't worry I am not trying to be negtive nelly about your game.Thank Your For Your Time,Dev Reviewer and Chuglydude Donator"
76561198096808194,Recommended,280520,32594657,Posted: 20 June,all,⋠Ĝ๏ą✞⋡'ƦэŁĨq.,The soundtrack alone deserves my thumbs up.Rest of the game is solid as well. 9/10
76561197994940436,Recommended,280520,23321672,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Shawn,"Active developer . Consistent updates of substance to the game , within a reasonable timeline.Game is wonderful, content heavy , nice storyline and decent graphics. Fantastic to play with friends if you are looking for an original title to have a blast in."
76561198110268059,Recommended,280520,16665235,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Murplesman,"First of all, I bought this game a few hours ago. I do generally like 2D adventure/sandbox games, but that is definitely not the only reason I like this game. It is already pretty unique and I believe it will only become better. To all of you saying, "" Oh, it's just another Terraria rip-off,"" I say please be quiet! (Trying to be polite :) ) Starbound started off as ""another Terraria"" but became so much its own game! I believe Crea will, too! Crea is great fun even when it is in a pretty early stage. I do think things can be refined a bit. The things are: a bit more in-depth tutorial because things can get confusing, slightly faster progression and leveling up, and less creature spawners and a creatures spawning more naturally. There are also plenty of good things: unique art style (pixelly yet detailed), unique creatures and world, and a decent pace, especially for those beginning the game, maybe not for ones more into it. I do recommend it, and if you aren't sure definitely keep your eye on it for the future!"
76561198041681580,Recommended,280520,33274596,Posted: 5 July,all,older than dirt,"Crea is a very relaxing game. That doesn't mean it is boring. Quite the contrary. If you have played Terraria or Starbound, you will see the similarities. However, Crea is going it's own way. Your character has a set of skills that level up as you use them, unlocking new things to use to help you. Lots of building and crafting, bound only by your imagination. I have only scatched the surface, and I look forward to how Crea continues to develop.The developer is very responsive and helpful, something I can't say for most games. I highly reccomend Crea!"
,Recommended,280520,30937536,Posted: 4 April,all,Kapitän Dietrich,"Word of advice: Don't compare it to any other game, its a nice little gem with a simple thing in mind.It has a huge learning curve in it but I believe the latest updates have made it so that it isn't brainwracking to build a simple bow. It's a neat little game made by a single family for fun, and it has a nice feel to it. The only gripe I have is that it can get very slow and grindy, but it isn't much different from most games of sorts or an MMO for example.All in all, you'll get your money's worth if you treat it like its own game instead of a spinoff or a cousin of Terraria/Starbound."
76561198096982792,Recommended,280520,22874408,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Blue,i just have to say i love this game but i hope they could make crafting a little bit easyer. skill was the unique think that this game has. Would love to have minimap in the corner and you could see other players name and see how many units they are far of you
76561198048683641,Recommended,280520,10374687,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,stickywilliams,This game is pretty awesome. I was caught off guard but i really enjoyed how they tackled leveling and crafting. The more you use abilities or craft items....yup you guessed it! The more you level. No need to have a wiki page up for crafting either. Try to research all you can and just build away.BEST FEATURE?? You can throw items in a chest. Whenever you are near that same chest you can craft with the items inside without having to retrieve them.
,Recommended,280520,11225697,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Decay,"I don't really need a life when I have these kind of game, the texture is so pretty and the music is lovely. The pve and pvp is kinda hard but I hope it gets better with time. There's some bugs yet and the game close with frequence but that's not hard to fix. Well, I lost my social life playing this but is a 10/10."
76561197994802916,Recommended,280520,11072693,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,UrbanSTLSistah,"love this game. the research system is awesome, but very time consuming."
76561198136614323,Recommended,280520,23483719,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Mediterranean,I just love this game!!!! I like the skill system and the RPG mechanics aswell the difficulty of this game :). Keep up the good job all and thank you for this awesome game!!!
76561198043449848,Recommended,280520,10370305,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,DAL_nug,"A Great game!Though still in early access, it is fun to play, slightly hard to get used to but then copable, and just a plain-out relaxing feel! at first i thought this was a starbound clone, but i was wrong; it is completely different with the ""research"" aspect and you starting off with not even a homebase. still in development, i rate this game 10/10.P.S. -- I only got this today, by the way."
76561197988727748,Recommended,280520,11797285,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,GauHelldragon,"Really glad I picked up this game. Even in this pre-release state I see a lot of content and polish. It also has really amazing gameplay mechanics I haven't seen in any other game of its type. Very fun, I will be closely watching the development!"
,Recommended,280520,23518524,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,p4ndr,"TLDR: This is a bargain, even if it wasn't on sale. If you had even the slightest fun with Terraria, Starbound et al, grab Crea.It's a new take on the 2D Sandbox genre, with much deeper RPG leanings than anything I've played so far. Think Starbound with stats. **Stats!** Intelligence! Luck! Agility!Combat is already as fun and engaging as Starbound's recent mechanic update, if not more-so.Graphically, it's a gorgeous, fun 2D sprite world which, incidentally, runs *much* smoother than Starbound does at the same resolution. Music is a treat for the ears, but thats pretty much a given from titles like this.Developer is outstanding; cannot speak highly enough about their presence on the forums. (As an example, I found a small bug, and posted at ~11:100am. Dev replied at ~11:30am.)"
76561198033395447,Recommended,280520,23472195,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Clever28nj,"I'm having a really, really good time. It's a bit challenging, and I am so grateful for the Zoom feature I could hug the makers for adding it!!! I intend to put a lot of time into this title, and i hope the content is there to keep me busy for at least a hundred hours, though that might be too much to ask for..."
,Recommended,280520,29362965,Posted: 19 January,all,GaymerMonkey,"If you like Terria, Starbound, or Minecraft this game is for you.  I love this game so much because unlike those other games you can't jump to 10X MAX POWER SUPER GODLY right away.  Sure you would need someone to help you out, but if you join in with anyone else in those three games they can give you most of the more powerful items.Crea has a very nice leveling up system.  You level up 5 different trees each with skills within those trees.  This system makes you explore like crazy! It's so awesome; you must level up these skills if you want to move forward.I have been playing for 20 hours so far.  But I see no end in sight for me.  So much more to explore.  Also people have added more stuff in mods after the core game is finished!  This game is going to be awesome playing solo or with friends."
,Recommended,280520,23638033,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Django,"I bought the game before it was even taken out of early access, and even at that time I would have still recommended it.But now being over 60 hours into the game I can safely say it is currently my favorite game, and I play it several hours a day.Originally the game was really buggy, it still is. BUT, the dev Jasson, is attempting to fix the bugs, every single day he works on this game. He goes into the discussions, and he streams the development on Twitch, where if you have a pressing bug, he will help you right there. Anything you have problems with he tries to resolve all of them. So even if the game is buggy, at least this dev takes his time to address them.He also plans to take suggestions for the game once the major bugs have been sorted out.So don't take it being buggy as something bad, because in time it'll be less and less. Also, sometimes the bugs make for hilarious screenshots(take a look at mine).I bought the game because some friends and I were getting bored of Terraria. This game looked cool, and so we took the chance. We are now all 40+ hours into the game and try to compete with each other to get maxed out. It is an incredibly fun game, with literally so much to do and to learn. It is fun alone, but even better with a few buds.The game is by far, worth it's pricetag. Spend the money, even now with what issues it has. It is worth every cent. Don't be a fool and waste any time not delving into this wonderful game!*Especially if you plan on seeing if it'll be in the Steam Summer Sale (2016), the dev already stated it won't be on sale until the Winter Sale.*"
,Recommended,280520,10424723,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vegetarian Italian Chopped Salad,"Well, I am pleasantly suprised by this game. I bought it thinking it may be just like terraria, but no its so unique... I don't know how to even describe it. I love the skill leveling system and the unique style of research crafting. Also, the game is highly moddable so who knows what will happen!"
,Recommended,280520,11570290,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Sam,"As of 8/5/14, and only a couple of hours of play, I have to say I would recommend this game to a casual player looking for something that's lighthearted, fun, and most of all, relaxing. I'm not sure friends of mine would appreciate it's slower tone, but I, for one, love games like these. It does manage to set itself aside from Terraria, Minecraft, Starbound, and Edge of Space---but does so in a way I'm not sure how to put into words quite yet. I love it's focus on RPG style leveling of skills, and how the more you use them, the faster they level, and the more skill points you have to pour into that tree. It's a neat concept in a sandbox game. I think what I love about Crea above all, is the simplicity. It's very easy to unwind in. It's very easy to grasp. I've played related games and the tutorials are just throwing UI after UI at you. As of this review, there's only maybe---4 or 5 main tabs you'll be using besides your hotbar. It's not that complexity baffles me---if done right, it can be wonderful, but in a very specific line of previous games, it becomes a chore and overwhelming. In Crea, things are displayed in a very easy-going manner, at a great pace. The game is what you make it! If you want to sit down, have a little drink and something to eat, and manage things in your house before exploring the deep undergrounds---then go for it! Crea isn't for everyone, but if you want to have a simple and fun time building and exploring, then it may just be for you! I'm glad I picked it up. I hope to follow the devs as they unleash each new update. I've yet to explore Multiplayer, but I'm hoping it's a whole new ballpark!"
,Recommended,280520,23620017,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Arky,terraria with more rpg. no one can make you overpowered you actually have to work for it.
,Recommended,280520,23704101,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Gamesjunkie,"There are already plenty of detailed reviews on this game so I'll be brief:I've gotten over 50 hours of playtime out of Crea but it still feels a bit unfinished. Should you buy now? Depends on how bad you need to scratch your Terraria itch and how much patience you have with a game still in development. Though I'm starting to feel ""finished"" with the game at this point I do feel like I got my money's worth and I'm sure if I come back to it later there will be new things to discover. The developer is very active and I have faith that bugs will be fixed and content added as time goes on.7/10"
76561198107374235,Recommended,280520,12867104,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,GingerHunter797,"Crea is an amazing 2D sandbox game much like Terraria, Starbound, and others. But unlike any of these it has its own twist on certain aspects. Like for example it is more on an RPG game because it has a talent point system where you level up in certain areas by doing different things. Another example is that it has magic in the game, like attacks and healing. Also in order to craft things you need to research them before you craft them so you know the recipes. Plus an amazing art style that really ties the game together.I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Terraria and the 2D sandbox genre."
76561198042013324,Recommended,280520,12307678,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Gratius,I'm a huge Terraria fan and I ike the leveling up system alot though the game's mechanics are a tad glitchier than Terraria's. It's very fun and addicted in time and development I feel that this game can easily revival Terraria in my eyes. The RPG aspect is a really cool twist so is the learning station. it gives insentive to go and collect all these unknown items. I really hope the Devs keep working hard for tons more updates
,Not Recommended,280520,23569460,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Pandemonium Knight,"Crea is a 2D sidescrolling game with building and slow deliberate combat. It is similar in many respects to Terraria and Starbound. It's a decent game for what it is, but it should still be in early access as it is buggy and lacks polish. As it is now, I cannot recommend this game. If you'd like to play a game like this, you're probably better off playing Terraria as the devs there have had a great deal of time to refine the game.Pros+Talent points are constantly being gained, so your character is always improving as you play.+Procedurally generated worlds.+Built in mod support. If the game is able to maintain dedicated players, then it should have a good deal of extra free content.+Skills that enhance mobility, such as sprinting, ledge grabs, and double jumps can be obtained quite quickly.+Fast travel system. Saves you from retreading the same ground over and over again.+When compared to Terraria, digging is more satisfying earlier on due to upgrades allowing the mining of multiple tiles, making it less tedious to dig through areas.+Spells that you are able to access early on make it easy to find ore and chests.+No contact damage on most, if not all enemies, so you can't just take damage by bumping into them.Cons-Visual feedback is a bit lacking on spells.-Enemies are neither knocked backed or staggered by your attacks, making combo attacks less than usefull and making ranged combat seem like an objectively better option.-Enemies are sparse in the underground and tend to ignore you. There isn't much down there aside from the occasional crystal that teleports you to a dungeon, small rooms with chests in them, and of course, ores.-Only THREE options in the settings menu: volume, fullscreen options, and resolution. Sound effects and music aren't even separated, so if you want to listen to your own music or a video in the background, you're going to have to mute the sound entirely, or let the sounds overlap.-I've encountered a bug that has destroyed all my furniture, chests, NPCs, and many of my waystones (used for fast travel). The bug happened after teleporting back from the first(?) boss. I was able to pick up all of the furniture and items in the chests, but the Renma cores (a fairly valuable and rare resource) used to create the NPCs and my waystones were lost. I'd imagine there is a way to create new waystones, but I'm not sure how far along it is in the game.-Very small weapon variety at least in the early game. There are a few different spells, but not many.-Most chests (aside from ones in realm crystals and dungeons) locked and you have to rely on random drops to get keys for them or use lockpicks.-A lot of the gear you get from chests have high level requirements for the time you're able to get them, so you'll be waiting a while before you can even use them."
,Recommended,280520,11241007,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,inaliz,"Crea is another game in the 2d adventure Sandbox realm. Very similar to Terraria, I would say Crea is most like Terraria as far as a successor, at least so far. Where Starbound is more about exploration, Crea is more about sticking to the core and adding more mechanics. It has rpg like progression where you gain skill points by using that specific skill line. For instance, if you shoot something with an arrow your physical attack tree will gain experience. The same goes for crafting, buff/healing, sorcery and gathering. When they level up each skill line you gain access to new, more powerful skills.It has a big emphasis on researching materials in the world in order to unlock new recipes. You will need to keep exploring deeper and further to progress to higher tier items. The world is very similar to terraria where you can find chests and all kinds of loot in various places. It has a crystal system in the game as a fast travel device. So once you find the crystals you are able to travel between them for a small price. They are located above and below ground. There is also an advanced research system in place that requires finding recipes from monsters.The soundtrack is amazing. Crea has the look and feel of the game down as well. The soundtrack is put together so well, it is very relaxing and perfect for the game style. Very reminiscent to EVE Online's awesome ambient soundtrack. Hopefully they will make it even longer before release. The UI is very slick and easy to use although for the amount of spells/item combinations it does need a little tweaking in my opinion. Having ten hotkeys and then each having a right/left click bind has been done over and over and I would really like to see a new and efficient action bar/UI implemented in this genre. Or at least a big improvement.At this point in development the most you can do is craft the highest ier items and face one boss. I pretty much got as far as that which was 20 hours of gameplay. I enjoyed it thuroughly and am eager to see what they will be bringing to the game by release. Seeing that the game is early on in develoment still and in early access I would give it an 8.5/10. It will have to do a lot of work to maintain or beat that by release though. The game is also highly modable but I haven't checked anything like that out yet.Things I would really like to see before release.The world needs to be filled with different dungeons/exploration triggers and bosses/special monsters. Content basically and it's early access so I'm sure this is in the works. With these 2d sandbox games the funnest part is the mystery of what you could find.I like the skill progression system. But, as of right now the whole thing is kind of pointless because there are no decisions to make. You unlock the next 3 skills and then to level them up until you hit the next skill unlock level. The skills themselves need a lot of polishing as well and they need to, look cooler.The UI needs something to make it more efficient or intuitive. Is it ok now? Sure, but it doesn't improve on the genre's adopted UI or do anything new."
,Recommended,280520,28301403,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SpaceJunky,"This game is decent, It is fairly cheep, and I throughly am enjoying it. This game provides some new elements that I think lacked in terrari (139 hours on terraria as of now) While this game is a terraria clone and I don't recomend it to you if 1.) you dislike terraria, or 2.) havent played terraria, I personally thought it was a great new game to play, rather than terraria. I recomend this to those who arent afraid to put time into the game and get to know it. To those who have like 5 hours on record and are saying its terrible I say this to you: what have you done in this game? Have you tried to enjoy it, or are you looking for a reason to hate it? Now with that out of the way. I must say I would give this a mediocer review had I not put in the time I have. At first it seems to be shallow, but it is deeper than it seems, trust me. I enjoy it. Though Im starting to think starbound may have been a better choice. Regardless. Check out other games before you settle here. Thats all. You should always look around before you settle on a choice."
,Recommended,280520,18283152,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PublishedRelic4,"Involves lots of features like terraria  such as building, mining, and crafting at specific stations. While still having a nice old fashioned rpg kind of style similar to oblivion but with more customization, and bonuses for leveling it up. It leaves you with quite a few hours of fun."
76561198052303217,Recommended,280520,22623333,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ZXH'r,This game is something worth it's cost today and will continue to develop into something much better in the near future.
76561198033531628,Recommended,280520,10484475,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,jejacks0n,"I really enjoy this genre, and think Crea is a good addition to it. I'm excited to see what mods people create, and maybe even for contributing one myself.The music is excellent, the graphics are good, and I sort of like the slightly different control mechanic. I find some others in the genre a little clunky and didn't have that experience with Crea.So, while it's good, I had to mod some things for it to be playable for me. The rate of collection from the beginning is slow, which is fine, but I also have a day job and wasn't enjoying the grind -- this is a pretty simple thing to fix, and there's a mod tutorial that will give you enough information to modify the tool you're using to make it faster (the tutorial is for windows, and I'm on a mac). If it seems like I'm complaining, I'm not, because I had the power to change it to my liking, which is really the idea. Though, it might be nice to have this be a world setup configuration for those that don't want to jump into modding?I appreciate the concept behind the research, and think it's a good idea. I would appreciate seeing a research tree, or at least some indication of progression though. I have researched all the materials I've found (there's an indication bar for each material, and it seems like when it's full/yellow you've researched it as much as is possible), but I don't really know if there's more materials or anything, which makes it sort of feel like more of a hinderance than an advancement. I really can't say if I have researched all of the craftables or not -- is there more? Not sure what my feedback is about making that feel more explorative and less restrictive though.That's pretty much it for my feedback. It's a fun play, and it feels pretty wide open for cool mods -- if you know python, get in there and start CREAting."
76561198115904571,Recommended,280520,10570024,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Empress,"This game is fantastic, it has the most beautifull art i have erver seen in a game and the music is incredably relaxing. i would recomend this game to anyone and everyone!"
76561198106500727,Recommended,280520,30498214,Posted: 13 March,all,Jackwolf5775,"I found this game very enjoyable. Aside from a few performance issues and a couple bugs (such as spawning in the ground or ceiling under certain circumstances) it's pretty solid, both gameplay and mechanically. The four classes are fun and each have enjoyable weapons, and the abilities you can gain are quite useful. It may seem like you have no story when you start off, but you slowly uncover the tale of the land as you gain pages such as long-lost letters and forgotten story pages. Overall an enjoyable, if incomplete, game. I would definitely reccomend buying it."
,Recommended,280520,11305884,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,iBloodLust,"Crea is a great start for games you'd like to mod for, and it's RPG elements are golden! The downside is that the game keeps freezing randomly in the Linux version."
76561197994436996,Recommended,280520,11631113,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Alexazar,"A nice game, adding some cool rpg elements to the 2d base-building genere (skyrim meets terraria). It has some flaws, being a an early access game, but it seems to be developing quite well.Give it a try if youre a terraria fan, or want to see whats the 2d-minecraft genere is all about."
,Recommended,280520,23514696,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Googis,"The trailer makes it seem like a  reskin of Starbound, but it's really not . The game progression is much more fluid in comparson. The RPG aspect of leveling up to gain points which can be put into stats and building a talent tree to gain specific skills meshes so well with the existing concept of exploring a vast world to find materials, weapons, and gear to better yourself.This game is oozing with potential, but potential is meaningless if it goes to waste . I can see this being wicked fun to play with friends. The idea of grouping up with a warrior, an archer, a mage, and a healer to take on a crazy tough boss seems so exciting, but the path to that fight is pretty bare bones. It is excusable because it's early-access, but there's gotta be more content. I only hope the devs refine this possible gem with their hard work.Tl;DrGame is good. Leveling and skills/talent development works well with Terraria styled adventure game. Needs more content."
,Recommended,280520,10359025,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,BRoKe_Ass_Retro,"I'm not going to write a whole lot about this game but i am going to recommend it to anyone that likes Terraria. I can see the potential in this game and i hope that the creator keeps adding more and more cause the more content this game receives the better it's going to get. I love the RPG elements, this is something i wanted Terraria to have and it works good and once again the more that gets added to that the more interesting it will become. I'm looking forward to seeing where this game goes, good job!"
,Recommended,280520,11646302,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Crysteko™,"A very good game sort of like Minecraft and Terraria, but with a better use of skills and research. Instead of just starting off with a bunch of crafting recipes, you must find an item first, research it, then gain the ability to craft. This game has a lot of potential and I can't wait for the next update!"
,Recommended,280520,23529577,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,UnexplainedGravy,"Great game, good combat, Seems to be set in a fantasy / medieval realm.You level up your character, spend points to increase HP, Stamina (which fuels attacks and spells) Attack, defense, mind, intelligence, etc etc.You also level up other things, like crafting, gathering, 'style' which...is Magic. Not sure why, etc.You earn points for each of these trees by doing actions associated with them, Cast spells, explore, cast magic, gather stuff, build, etc.So, the good? I love love love the RPG elements. I love the combat, so so fun. I love how big the map is, I also love the dungeons. The crafting is really cool.The bad: So... The map is big. But what happens once I explore it all? Sure, I can generate a new map, that's fine. But idk.Weird sound bugs. Sound effects will randomly stop working.  Grappling hook randomly stopped working (had to restart the game)Is it worth the money? Absolutely, but...I feel like if you put a good 20-40 hours into it, that's about it.If I didn't own this game, and had to decide if I wanted to buy it again, would I? Yeah probably, with hopes that they'll expand upon the game and release more content."
76561198056414113,Recommended,280520,24282836,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Devrosaur,"I have a love for gather and build games such as this. I have spent hours on terraria, starbound and other like minded games and I can honestly say I really enjoy playing this.I would say it is similar to terraria in the fact that its a 2d digging, building, crafting and boss killing game, but I love the crafting style on this game. Each part of a recipe must be found and researched before you are able to craft items / weapons / armor etc. There is also a mini game which you can complete to enable you to craft more quality items, rather than it just being random getting an item imbuement.There are also aspects which alow you to suctomose your character as you level as you are given to choice to level different abilities for combat, gatthering, crafting etc. You can maz them all at the end of course, but this made the gameplay a lot more interesting I found.Would definately reccomend."
76561198012860672,Recommended,280520,29577586,Posted: 29 January,all,thatguypursue,"A hidden gem on Steam. The dev is constantly improving the game. Similar to Terraria and Starbound, this game is more skill and combat focused."
76561198071574936,Recommended,280520,10829411,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Moonman,"This game is boss, and yes its a copy off of terraria but better in its own way. some mechanics a different and its better that way. they dident really copy terraria, they got inspration from terraria. So really this game is worth it. i can tell i have been playing it for over 100 hours. so please get it"
76561198030486667,Recommended,280520,23550254,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Krissilla,"I love the crafting system with the research you have to do.I also love the way you level: your character gets better in a skill the more you do that skill. the other skills doesnt change all that much. this is a system of upgrading that you dont see much, especially not in this type of game. love it!"
,Recommended,280520,23914074,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mαяzιραη,"I am so fond of this game. It's still currently under some construction (mostly where multiplayer is concerned, but I personally haven't experienced any serious problems). The developer is very devoted to smoothing out the bumps and regularly streams his progress live.I was initially skeptical of Crea because I enjoy Terraria and figured it was just a clone for money. I still shamelessly wanted it, though, because the graphics are much nicer.  Crea has turned out to be more than just pretty but also a big improvement on the genre. Crafting feels more satisfying and there's some very nice attention to the backstory, making Crea feel more like an RPG."
,Recommended,280520,13418222,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,DolgVlaPet,"As I see it now, in early acess... It has a lot of potencial and I did liked plenty of things implemented in this game, but the only thing I did not liked so far is the interface, it feels kinda awkward... Or maybe it's just me, too used to terraria."
76561198045002506,Recommended,280520,15561247,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sanosku,"Extremely fun game to play.  Don't let the graphics on the steam page fool you.  This is a very deep game with a ton of functioning systems.  Combat is fun and interactive, crafting is easy, and exploring is rewarding.  With the developer constantly updating, don't pass up this awesome game you could easily sink hundreds of hours into."
,Recommended,280520,14968264,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,UnshotSpy,"Awesome Terraria- Like game. Its just taking too long for them to let out updates. Love the steam workshop capabilities.  This is pretty much an RPG version of terraria or starbound, but its not as big as them. The gameplay can be a bit slow at times but thats ok coz the rest is awesomeUpdate: I used to love this game a couple of years back, but now i cant even play it anymore because when i open it, its resolution is really weird so i can not see any of the buttons in the main menu. I do not know why it does this and how to fix it, ive tried re installing and everything. There is no way for me to set it to full screen or access the settings to fix it."
76561198006363388,Recommended,280520,13246214,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,CoLS Firestar,"Interesting little game. While the music and sound effects are nothing to write home about, the skill tree and xp system brings a fun new mechanic to the genre. I look forward to the animals not being auto leveled. Currently there is no sense of progression. ie. Yes, you make a stronger sword, but you enemies get stronger too so the creature that killed you at level 1 can still kill you at level 10."
,Recommended,280520,15408090,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,JuanCupo'Juice,"At this point in the game, don't expect to be able to kill anything your level without doing a ton of ninja backflips and 360 noscoping with magic."
,Recommended,280520,15817649,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jormungand,"The idea of having a group that can fulfill specific roles(Taking damage, range, heals, buff, etc.) really excites me. Working to convince my friends to get this game. Hopefully through reading this, you'll be convinced too. Play, give feedback, so far it's really good. I'm new to the game but upon watching older videos, I can see how far it's changed. The crafting is interesting, but can expand even more I'm sure. Oh yeah, the best part... Mods.10/10 because of mods.But yeah, this game is awesome. Highly recommend, much fun."
,Recommended,280520,21537731,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LUBBY_DUBBY,"I think crea is a great game, but its a little rough around the edges my main complaint is how bad the controlls for the ps4/xbox one controler is the gamplay is really diffrent and not in a good way you can only use 4 of the 5 tallent slots and you can't even equip them to the slots when your using a controller and when you use a keyboard and mouse you can't roll butt you can with a controller.butt other than that its a great game"
,Recommended,280520,29986501,Posted: 17 February,all,Heartsworth,"[UPDATE]So Jasson released a update and the game is working beautifully. There are some fps dips on game start but it WILL go away! The gui has been reworked and works wonderfully! To some older players who have a game crash on launch just unsub some/all of the mods for the game and it should run.The game at times can feel like a grind but in my personal opinion it is not a ""bad"" kind of grind. It is quite rewarding and makes you want to put in the hours to get somewhere. The talent system is awesome and while I do feel that more talents should be added I also feel that it is not necessary just yet. This is due to the fact that there is a lot of different talents and trust me it will take a while to get them all.I have noticed that at first it may feel the enemies are OP to some but you can block, dodge or later on cast protection spells + healing spells,potions or food which will benefit you in a fight.Honestly after the most recent update I can full on recommend this to anyone. The devs are constantly communicating and their attitudes are great so all in all you can expect things to be fixed if something goes wrong.If you love 2D adventure games with magic and beautiful art + music and mod support then you should for sure try Crea."
76561198043355962,Recommended,280520,29718803,Posted: 5 February,all,jasonbb2,"Crea is sandbox that a mix of diffrent sandbox games like terraria.  You explore, you find matrials (digging chopping down trees etc.) you fight monsters, you level up to enhance a lot of skills. it is easy to lose a lot of time playing this game it is fun and addicting.  if your a fan of 2d sandbox games I strongly recomend crea."
76561198072566082,Recommended,280520,18151948,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Kardinal,this game   is  a  awsome game to  play  i gave   10/ 10
76561198075007965,Recommended,280520,23590413,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Your Lord And Savior Jmda,If an amazing Rpg Terraira and Starbound had a hardcore thresome this would be the love child.
76561198003853721,Recommended,280520,29677139,Posted: 3 February,all,TheFourthVapor,"EDIT:Developer replied to my review and helped me discover the ""lock camera"" option which alleviated most of the problem I had with the feel of the platforming in the game.So looking forward to uncovering the depth of the combat and skill systems!Original:I just can't get past how bad the basic platforming feels.RPG elements and crafting progression seem great, but it's hard to get to a point I can enjoy them"
,Recommended,280520,23590119,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Zerixar,A pretty good game.  It's more terraria than starbound and definitely worth playing despite the bugs.  Pretty darn good game for only having a couple of people developing it.
76561198042345015,Recommended,280520,23498524,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tehom,"I would give this game a solid 4/5, which is amazing considering it was just released. Between the levelling system, crafting, skills, and world exploration, this is a must-buy.As far as critiques go, I would say that the skill levelling needs to be tweaked a bit. It is very rare that your crafting level and your player level coincide, resulting in you not being able to use the armor/weapons that you can make or not being able to make the armor/weapons that you need. This takes away a lot of the game's momentum, as it results in you needing to grind crafting recipes or monsters before you can continue to progress. Also, with the crafting system, it's nice that you can pay scrap to learn a recipe if you just can't figure out a couple of the ingredients, but this system would work a lot better if you could just pay 50 scrap to uncover each individual part of a recipe. Also there needs to be a more reliable way to get scrap; the scrapper machine (or whatever it's called) gives like 1 scrap for every 5 or so good items you destroy (totally not worth it).Also, I may be missing something, but it's really hard to use combat skills in combat. If you wanted to use more than 4 combat skills (plus heal), you're basically SOL since your toolbar is full. a toolbar with more slots would help alleviate this problem.Aside from these trivial critiques, the fact remains that this a superb game. More immersive than Terraria and more fun than Edge of Space or even Dig or Die. Buy it while it's on sale!"
,Recommended,280520,23588234,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MarlboroMan,"This game is by far the best 2d Sandbox i have ever played! If you enjoy this genre this is a must have transaction. If you don't like the genre, you will like it with Crea!  The game comeout very buggy but most of them seem to be gone now thanks to the developer, a little late maybe but not that late."
,Recommended,280520,10682035,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,etinogard46227,"Let's be honest...yes, it is basically a clone of Terraria, doesn't really do much that the first hasn't done with building, even seems to take steps back in some areas.  However, if you felt that your characters, and not just your equipment, should have been able to grow and get stronger, as well as having some freedom in how your character gets stronger (like with going melee or concentrating on bows, or magic spells) then this might be a good game to get.  Just...wait til there's some development progress."
76561198013518092,Recommended,280520,16887959,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nightingale,"Great game for something in early access. The visuals are clean and not muddy like other games that use a similar art style. There is a challenge curve and some creative uses of mechanics. Always get somewhat of an idea of where to go or what to smash next.My complaints are pretty simple. The game isn't totally optimized yet. Even on a high end machine, there is some lag when the client has too much to handle. It already crashed once on me, but otherwise it's a great game!"
,Recommended,280520,10549039,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Earthshreker,REALLY great Early Access Game! I run a Linux system and everything works perfectly so far! Can't wait for mods to be implemented(EST August 24 or something)
76561198143641494,Recommended,280520,23598021,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Your Pal Drewdle,Extremely fun game so far. I've had more fun paying it than i have had playing Terraria.
,Recommended,280520,23604823,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jesonomi,"I think this game falls under a ""wait and see"" category, even though I did mark this as a recommended review. I decided on this because while there are notable flaws, my overall experience wasn't negative and the developer seems to be constantly working on the game. I picked Crea up during its -10% release sale. The developer has said the next sale will be in December 2016, at ~25% off.I suppose the first game people jump to in comparison is Terraria. I loved Terraria. I rarely think about Terraria when playing this game. I would draw more similarities to Starbound. I didn’t like Starbound, but Crea doesn’t draw out the same dullness I felt from there.Crea has two leveling systems. The first is the general character/combat level that increases as you kill monsters. Your stats go up, you get a point to allocate, simple enough. The second is the Talent system. Whenever you take an action, you have a chance to gain experience in a corresponding Talent, Arms (Weapons), Syle (Magic), Gather, Craft, and Explore. It’s a very nice system that feels rewarding… aside from Craft. I’ll talk about that later.Graphics are nice, I like the more subtle colors compared to Terraria, while still remaining crisper than Starbound. Music is nice and accompanies the slower gameplay very well. Even though the gameplay is slower, I never really felt like my character itself was too slow. I know in Terraria the initial startup movement is extremely painful, but it feels good in Crea. Even with a Sprinting talent unlocked, I often forget about it simply because the normal walking speed is a great pace. The time before a grappler can be obtained is smoothed out with a Ledge Grab talent, and you can unlock a Double Jump talent farther in. Way Crystals are sprinkled throughout the world, and you can harvest them and create your own. You can choose any Way Crystal as your spawn point and teleport back using warp crystals that grow around Way Crystals. These grow back in pretty large numbers, so you’re never really low on them.Now, Craft… it just feels bad after a certain point. At first, you’re blowing through it like every other talent. And then it stops. Why? Because you’ve already crafted what you needed. So you’ll find yourself running around, have all your other Talents continue going up in level… while the game is waiting for you to grind Craft. And it’s not supposed to be just random junk either. Nope. You have to craft things close to your level to actually gain exp. And only sometimes, because gaining Talent exp is through chance. Now, I will say I can’t tell if there’s a level indicator on non-level-restricted items, and I’ve seen some mentions about candle crafting working (which is somewhat cheap), but the whole idea just feels very contrasting with the other talents. It’s usually huge spikes in research followed by large droughts, you have to actively work on it with some vague concepts, while all the other Talents just happen, and it feels tightly linked to progression.Overall, though, if you happen to look up Craft help and get through it’s not horrible. Crea has potential. Multiplayer needs to be ironed out but singleplayer seems fun."
76561198085600611,Recommended,280520,28818038,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,UnoriginalLobster,it's a pretty good game it adds an RPG element to a terraria like platform it has some good content for a 6 month old game but i wish it had better character customization. i do reccomend this game.EDIT:the frame rate update is nice and the UI looks sleek and polished now
76561197993336212,Recommended,280520,11340673,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mark0h,"Was looking for a game like Terraria after being disappointed by Starbound. This game adds an RPG and a research dynamic that are a lot of fun, and helps with the feeling of progression. The varioius spells in the game add more unique ways of killing enemies as well. I am not really into the ""base building"" and I just buid the essentials(no decorations), so I cannot comment a lot on that aspect of the game, but I have no complaints about it either.If I did have any compliants about this game they would be:1. The spells do not have very much information, so it is hard to tell how much stronger the next level is. It may be based on level, but that would be useful information as well. Also, they only go up to level 5, which is easy to get to.2. I feel the underground is very dark, even with a lot of torches, so sometimes it is hard to see.3. It would be nice to be able to tell what items you could make from materials, by clicking on them in the ""materials"" list. As of now, I have trouble organizing garbage materials from the good ones(like I said I dont care about decoration items)Overall I am glad I picked this game up! I have been having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,280520,11022301,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,pyhfol,"Early days yet, but Crea still impresses.Although this game is early access, it is more than playable. The crafting/research system is excellent, pacing the development of characters well, giving purpose to seeking out and harvesting even basic minerals. The idea of using pre-crafted items as part of recipes, almost like upgrades, also keeps a good progressive pace.Although there is only one boss at present, the game itself is extensive and exploration can go on for hours.The easy 'moddability' of Crea is a surprisingly strong point. Within mere minutes, it is possible to create additional in game items from weapons to furniture.Visually pleasing however the scaling of the screen resolution can be an issue. There is a scaling slider in options, but this can be buggy at times.I would recommend this game for fans of the 2D Sandbox genre or crafting/survival games in general."
,Recommended,280520,11344560,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Henchkillz,"This is a brilliant game and I have had lots of fun with it. I understand that it is still in early access aipha and there are a few implementations which i think should be added, but still, it is well worth your money!"
76561198157012529,Recommended,280520,30830170,Posted: 30 March,all,Salty,this game has active developers and has great content.
,Recommended,280520,23529403,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Henrezy,"Really enjoyable game, especially with your friends. Feels like terraria and maplestory combined with the play style and the skills. Minor bugs which I'm sure the devs will resolve sooner than later, other than that would recommend buying. 4/5"
,Recommended,280520,10369023,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Darknewt,"My quick review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqYANZj_syQ&list=UUY8MYXl4eknGcHiczHnWKWQSo like many of you will do, I went into this game thinking ""teraria/starbound clone"". Well I assure you that is wrong.This game has so many unique aspects that I want to say the potential is way beyond those games, which I do love.Some pros -+A sense of progression via talents/research+Great music+The ability to use many different spells whether its damage or protection.+Random bosses!+Much more loot & things to create compared to similar games.Some cons --A few bugs, especially one where when you die and respawn you cant move. (game restart fixes)-music doesnt transition smoothly from song to song.-could use a better tutorial systemThat all being sad, this game is in early access so many things are subject to change of course, but i personally love it.  I will be doing a series on my channel if you guys want to see more of this game."
76561198017287223,Recommended,280520,17593535,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Phaux,"Regardless of similarities to other games in it's likeness Crea has managed to capture all of the good from those games and improve on them with a very solid base. While many of the specifics that I already enjoy may change I am eagerly looking forward to a public release to really get the community going. With easy adaptability for mods I'm sure we are going to see and here lots from this one.Great job Dev team, I love what you have started and am looking forward to more each week!"
76561198074914872,Recommended,280520,10847141,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,belovedtsuki,This game is so much fun. I could play for hours.
76561198140439813,Recommended,280520,26060772,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DukinTonic,New Review:Thanks to the dev's quick response and fix the bosses now spawn.the game itself is actually quite fun although sometimes combat can feel abit wonkyoverall crea is a fun game that has alot of potentialOld Review:Second boss doesn't spawn in multiplayer leaving you unable to progress in the 'story' lineEdit: no bosses past sano will spawn in a multiplayer world for anyone other than the owner of the server which should be okay but hey guess what you cant tp in to help as the realm vanishes as soon as the fight starts 0/10 [Review may change at a later date]
,Recommended,280520,23664652,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Eilibex,"While, at the moment, this game is a very standard (though deep) sidescrolling miner/crafter game, much like Terraria, I have to absolutely vote this up, due to the developers being so damn awesome.Right now the game has a ton of potential (even if the means of progressing right now is a little repetitive) and wouldnt surprise me at all if it reached the size and scope of games like Terraria. Even if not the popularity too.The biggest upvote i can give it is the Devs. Updating almost daily with bugfixes, listening to the community, and outright sincerely apologising when a small mistake causes a bigger issue, they clearly care about their fans  and are passionate about their work on the game.So yes, while the game itself may not float everyones boats right now, for $15 USD it's a steal. Especially when you consider what we have now is just one part of a potentially greater thing.Pros: Large detailed worldDecent number of varied enemies. Both in design and combat.Fast paced combat that rewards timing and movement.Insanely deep skill treesInsanely extensive craftingRandomly generated dungeons provide a fun diversion.Selection of bosses with their own fight mechanics.Several different combat types.Cons: Dungeons can sometimes feel a little pointless at times, potentially having zero non-mob loot, and zero reward for reaching the end of what could be a long haul through a 3 floor dungeon. Could also benefit from the map objective being made more visible for a few seconds upon entering a new floor.Researching/crafting mechanics can be a little tedious to find the items required for a certain weapon/tool/etc, since the game doesnt actually show you more than a silhouette for items you need. Even if you have encoutered that item before.Progression feels a little slow for a while, and has very little indication of what you should be doing.Lack of underground biomes (other than simply depths) leaves a large chunk of the underground nearly pointless to explore. (you can get to gold by going straight down. Have no reason to explore sideways at the shallower depths of the earth where theres only copper/iron)While the weapons have nice perks and abilities, they are all functionally identical more or less."
76561197967849245,Recommended,280520,23531346,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dirty Dan,"Great game, very deep crafting and researching system compared to others games like this. i really enjoy the combat, it is fun yet challenging. I have only scratched the surface, but building a home, decorating it, storage, armor and weapons are all enjoyable. there is so much more to the game that i look forward to getting into. but so far... awesome, straight up fun."
,Recommended,280520,23531954,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Grammernatzi,"It may be buggy, but the developers are constantly working with bug reports and trying to fix it up as much as they can. For that alone, I can recommend it, because this game has more content and better combat/exploration than Starbound does now, on release day. I take that as a good sign."
76561198153929277,Recommended,280520,23627798,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Flames Heatsman,"This has been an absolutely amazing game for me so far. It has its issues with a few bugs here and there, but it's very clear on the developer twitch streams that he is working very hard to fix these. The actual gameplay has been amazing, and so very fun, but also, this game was made with the intention of being moddable, and although I had no previous experience with modding I was able to very easily learn to do some basic modding, just as this game grows and becomes better and better, I would hope to be able to contribute to the community just a little bit more with mods."
,Recommended,280520,34225361,Posted: 13 August,all,IcyCyborg,It's a great game I've spent hours and hours on. Sadly it has some bugs that kinda make it annoying sometimes but if you play the game you will encounter one. If you don't you might not be observant. The leveling and spells really take time to get and if you chose to do hardcore you will not very likely want to rety from lvl 1.
76561198004452429,Recommended,280520,26299534,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ImSolidGold,"This will be a short one:Conclusion: For me as a part-time player with probably 5hrs/week playtime exactly the right game. Just enough to do for an hour or two, not overwhelming and you won´t miss something out not playing for a week.Pro:- Easy, little sandbox game.- Not too much grinding- Very scenic- Good time-wasterCon:- A lot content is ""hidden"". Means, there are more or less vague hints where you can findthem and what they actual are. If you want a game that points directly at everything youhave to / can do: Nope, not Crea- Steep learning curve- After 50hrs you probably have seen most of the game. And nothing, except a new-start,will change this. (so far)"
,Recommended,280520,11758454,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,camux,"Edit 11/18/2014Crea is coming along fantastic in Early Access.  Updates are frequent and content grows every month or so.  There is a LOT to do and it really feels like the devs have fleshed out not only parts of the game which make it a very enjoyable entry in it's genre, but one that is a unique presence that I believe is going highly underrated.  Their community involvement is concise and appropriate, they have clear goals and seem to be extremely well organized.  The game is superb, a lot of fun to play even at its infancy considering you can play for hours upon hours without encountering bugs that turn you off.  Overall, like my previous review said, buy it now, your library will thank you.Edit 10/5/2015Progress has been great, and as I recently said in the forums:This game is worth it solely on the premise that the developer has handled early access marvelously and is on top of the game 100%. Many companies out there could learn a *lot* from Siege Games, many of them much larger with exponentially larger budgets."
76561198014913462,Recommended,280520,24222461,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Illimitus,"Quite polished after the 1.4 patch. The game needs more VARIETY in subsequent patches. just give us a little over time, one per month or so, you will grow the brand.The next phase of the game market isn't the plucky indie developer, it is a coming together of indie developers to make higher level content.Imagine CREA 2 with a solid team behind it! It could dominate the market!"
,Recommended,280520,21217741,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,P A Y P A Y  the M A Y M A Y,"Wow!  Honestly this game has been really refreshing.  I watch one of the programmers, Jasson, on twitch atwww.twitch.tv/siegegames.  At first, I honestly thought it was just another terraria clone, but once I started watching him every day and playing the game, it turned out to be a whole lot different.  The character progression really makes this game stand out.  Usually in terraria, what Crea is most commonly compared to, you just beat the wall of flesh then play hard mode and then you have all of the over-powered items and the game isn't fun and you quit. However, in Crea, the progression of the game isn't only based on what enemies you've defeated and what iteams you have, but also what level you are and what skills you've acquired.  I believe Crea opens up a new realm to the 2d sandbox genre and can't wait to see where the modding gets it! Keep it up guys!"
,Recommended,280520,23495077,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Thetombomb,"I own and play Crea, Planet Centauri, Starbound, and Terraria. I love playing them all. Each of them has very different storyline/lore, progression, and game mechanics.What I like about Crea:- High resolution textures- Level progression that is based on types of actions performed- Many different types of research tiers to advance through- Quick swap between crafting/building loadout and combat loadoutI have not yet encountered any bugs and it runs great on my system that was built ~ 2 years ago.I recommend Crea to those who like steady progression, crafting and combat in these types of games."
,Recommended,280520,23511368,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Peep,"This game...At the point of myself writing this review I've played 16 and a half hours, and it is amazing.I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new game similar to Terraria (Although Terraria's grappling system is a bit better) and would say that this game is fun no matter if you are playing with a friend or playing alone.10/10"
76561198041788325,Recommended,280520,20688016,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Hybernairy,"Game is nice, runs smoothly with occasional crashes, but Jasson (developer) is working on them as I type this review. You can watch him develope the game on his twitch channel SiegeGames. He is very intereactive, and listens to a lot of things in the chat.Enough about him though. The game has a different artstyle then terraria, albiet similar. But its different, and makes a nice twist to it. The game has a few bosses, that need to be unlocked in game through discovery, and luck that you make or find the right things.Music is calm and peaceful, combat is okay, could have some improving, and boss mechanics are on point."
,Recommended,280520,23336396,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Stalker1o2,Take what edge of space could of been and You get Crea (with out space of course)Its a fun and of course enjoyable when playing solo and/or multiplayer.Honestly if it offers you enjoyment for 2+ hours for the price its at its honestly worth it to give it a shot.
,Recommended,280520,23497869,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,lightningefx,"It may take some time to get used to especially if you've played Terraria or Starbound, but this game has a lot of potential. Right now there is so much to do, and there is so much to research! Everything you gather can be used to research new items to make, and every turn of the corner presents a new enemy to find, the chests always seem to draw you in giving things you may want or need. The boss fights are just pure fun and require some strategy and some planning. I couldn't have asked for a better game to play while i wait for Terraria Otherworld. only 40.4 hours in, but I am so going to put so many more hours into this game to find all it's secrets. Buy it and you won't be dissapointed, you just may find that material piece you needed to make that awesome piece of gear."
,Recommended,280520,23492750,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,brownie with a downie,Suprisingly fun. The talent and statistic systems provide a unique way to progress. I'd give it an 8.6/10 until the bugs are fixed. The developer seems very dedicated and regularly streams on twitch to get further info on bugs from players themselves. Worth the money.
76561198114376089,Recommended,280520,20816386,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,JamSnack,"This is a very cool game with an amazing art style! The gameplay itself may be a little bland at times but it shows insane potential, keep in mind it is in early access."
,Recommended,280520,23493258,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,KontonAkumu,"A really solid game.Not the most refined, not the cleanest, not the most addictive. It is though very solid, very playable and offeres a variety of play styles.What truely sets this game apart though is the developers. Jasson is on my friends list and if I have nay issues or any bugs to report I know I can message him and he WILL reply and look into any issue. He also has planned weekly updates. I highly recommend this game because it his a great team behind it and will develope around the desires of the community."
76561198025197277,Recommended,280520,23526838,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,alexanderthedrake,"Pretty fun. I do want to echo what many others have said really quickly though.This game is really glitchy. I've ran into game crashing glitches multiple times now.And I have ran in to tons of glitches that negativly impact the game without crashing it, especially with doors and boxes.With that being said. I was able to set up a dedicated server without too much trouble.Started messing around with some friends, before we knew it it was 2am and we had been playing for nearly 8 hours straight.So I have to give a 13 dollar game with that type of enjoyment a thumbs up.This game should not yet be out of beta in my opinion though."
76561198241425534,Recommended,280520,21504696,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dancing.Pain,Great game except for the OPness of the bow.Played as a mage 1st run and than 2nd run decided to go range to see the difference.Lol range makes everything in this game so easy.
76561198039387454,Recommended,280520,23541629,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Big Earl,I got this game on release day and I could not reopen the game after the install. While I did have a great time with the game and its uniquness I was unable to play. Steam gave me no greif and I can still say that I reccommend this game as long as it works.
,Recommended,280520,30168088,Posted: 25 February,all,Darkskythe,"Left original review below just for my first impressions. After receiving comments/updates from the developer, i was going to re-purchase this game anyway just to help do my little bit to help support the game. I mean, it's not every day you get a response from game developers advising you on the situation of a game. As it stands now, have just spent the best part of an hour wandering around to see if the stuttering is still there or not. YES! The stuttering has gone which eliminates the major annoyance i had to begin with. If you enjoy 2d sandbox games then is definitely worth picking up.Looks like it could be a fun game (im new to the 2d sandbox genre, bit late to the party i know lol) however at the moment the game seems to stutter really bad every couple of minutes which kills the enjoyment for me. If/when this get fixed i will pick the game up again and give it a go but as it stands have requested a refund to try another game in the genre."
,Recommended,280520,20145488,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MedusaNXS,"Terraria/Starbound ish. Good game. Not sure where it is going. Will review again later. Suggest at this time if you like to play early access games, and understand its likely going to change a lot."
76561197990188583,Recommended,280520,23802936,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sinatr,"I've tried game again after ~year. The game is improved and can be recommended. But there is still a gap to fill (see my previous review at the bottom).- There is not so much content, yet it's a lot of fun to explore this game for a dozend of hours, it looks and feels really good.- Game is skill-based: you can play as warrior (sword or spear), archer or a powerful syler (wizard). Combination are possible, up to you which way to choose.- Crafting is progressive, easy to understand and follow now. There is a process of researching, where you unlocking new recipes as you find new resource or progress the game. Only top-gear required some serious farming (obtaining remnas), otherwise it's pretty casual (in good undestanding).- Inventory management: is improved and is really easy now. One button to ""unload"" stackable resources into nearby chests (and huge chests btw). Craft stations are taking items directly from chests too.I would recommend this game to all Terraria-lovers. If development will continue - this game, while underlooked right now, may become a solid alternative.--- my previous review written year ago ---Don't get me wrong the game is great. But...- It's a poor Terraria clone: less content, less items, less enemies, less bosses, less crafting;- There are skills, but... too few skills, some are totally useless;- Craft here is based on recipes and they don't drop, this lead to allmighty 50 lvl character with everything maxed in 32 lvl gear... sigh...- No need to build anything, same sickness as in Starbound, all you need is few craft stations and a lot of chests;- Tedious inventory management, there are so many reagents (multiplied by 4 tiers) stacking those in chests manually is really annoying.- Crafting is progressive (low level item is upgraded), but craft UI is terrible, it's constant scrolling up-down to find manually which item you have to craft first, which second, etc..End-game is basically running dungeons with 65-lvl mobs (you are lvl 50). It's very quickly become boring. When skills are maxed there is no progression anymore.. apart from trying to find recipes. Clearing 50 horde realms to find 1 (!) recipe is pretty much tells about RNG in this game. I wanted to do all achievements in this game, but after seeing this I just gave up.It has 0 replayability. Random world? Well, the smallest word will hold all content replicated several times. Another character? There will be no difference, because stats do too little and gear is again all the same.This game need another year of development to become something what Terraria already is."
,Recommended,280520,15571786,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,_HordeZ_,Got rekt by a rejected pokemon9/2
76561198080279829,Recommended,280520,14982453,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hanayo,Like Terraria but Dark Souls (until you level up). 11/10 it's okay- IGN
,Recommended,280520,32587276,Posted: 20 June,all,Azkarell,"I have high hopes for this game.With the latest update 1.4 they made a hudge step in the right direction. Better combat and new enchantments make the game feel much smoother and rewarding. So if you are looking for a Starbound and/or Terraria look-a-like and dont mind testing an unfnished product I think youmightlike to check out Crea.But be aware that this game may fall short of your expectations.The current iteration of the SkillTree feels unrewarding. That being said I read in the roadmap they will revisit it.But whats so bad about it?Right now besides the buffs from the syle skill tree most skills feel kind of sad.You want to be a mage wielding the power of the elements to vanquish your foes? Nope tiny fireball with little to no dmg and and way too long cd. Why bother with it then? JUST USE AUTO ATTACK! Thats my feeling with all the three weapon types.Other Skill trees are almost pointless because you can buy almost all the provide skills so why not just give them freely without bothering to grind just give them if your character levels up.So I hope they expand on it, more varity in Skills System, (for example multiple melee trees, maybe per weapon type or  two handed/shield sword/ dual wielding (which i miss), expand mage tree maybe something like a support and offensive tree (maybe on tree per main attribute?). Right now it feels for me like this:hey we want some rpg elements!Yay sounds great!AH♥♥♥♥♥♥to much work, keep it simple.While simple is often good, at the moment it feels just pointless. I do hope there will come some major changes not just some tweaks, for me this is the point to make this game great instead of midocre.GreetingsAzkarell"
,Recommended,280520,12976035,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,GoggleBoxGamer,"Crea is an amazingly awesome ace game, have loved playing it. Really like the crafting system, it's intuitive and fun love the fact that you don't have to go to a wiki and see how to make a wooden sword. In my personal opinion it's nothing like Terraria and so much better in many ways, plus it's not even been officially realised yet."
76561198046611039,Recommended,280520,15441916,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Maximum Freedom,"A great game and heaps of fun, strongly recommended!"
76561198038228697,Recommended,280520,13051679,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cthulus Coke Stash,"Top game, Great playability. The idea of incorporating a proper and what i deam ""original"" leveling system into this un-original genre was excellent! the whole aspect of this game is great, definitely give it a go! 9/10   (would be 10 out of 10 if online multiplayer worked better)"
76561198028547541,Recommended,280520,13089730,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Trickster,"Probably the best early access game I've played. With an intuitive crafting system and character skills you can develop, this is the game Starbound want's to be. Player death is maybe a little too forgiving on medium but there's a hardcore option which  I've not experienced yet."
,Recommended,280520,13097990,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mushuukyou,This game has a lot more sh*it in it than the other clones... a lot more to do.. more potential. I got it and it's a blast.
,Recommended,280520,29834875,Posted: 10 February,all,Integer,Overall fun game. Similar to Terraria and Starbound but with a steady feeling of character growth and level progression. Hopefully more is on its way to this game.
,Recommended,280520,15476503,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ThatOneGuy,Fantastic game !!!!!
76561198013781044,Recommended,280520,23561617,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DanP,"I have about 38 hours in this game, and my experience has been mixed but generally favorable.The game is plagued by bugs and instability, and the art and lore can feel awkward and rushed.  Balance and progression are a bit wonky, and controller support is functional but problematic in some situations.  Often, it is not clear what you need to do to progress, and the game gives you no hints.  In fact, there are points at which you may not realize there is anything left to do at all, and it is easy to find oneself wondering, ""Is this really all there is?""  For example, the mannequins in the game have an item description that says they are for displaying armor and outfits.  In truth, placing an outfit on a placed mannequin causes it to come to life, and it is the only way to encounter an NPC.  Some of the mechanics also feel forced and tiresome, such as the novel crafting system.Do I sound like I hate the game?  Great.  Nothing could be further from the truth.For all its flaws, this game has the crucial, undefinable ingredient that Terraria clones to date have lacked: a soul.  Your home feels meaningful, as does the world around you.  Just when you think you have seen everything the game has to offer, you see more--and not just new items with better stats.  The lore, awkward as it can be, does inspire genuine curiosity, and when I head off to explore, I never really know what I am going to find or where it will be found.  The monsters are more than just red-hot floating blobs of damage with slight variations on the same AI, and so different approaches to different enemies really does pay off so long as you are not over leveled.  I have 38 hours in this game because it is a very good game with a lot of potential, and it can only get better from here.  The developer's unique process, while unconventional, has created something I have thoroughly enjoyed.For what they are asking, this is game is a steal, and if you at all enjoyed Terraria, you should buy Crea.  It is not quite on par, but it is the closest to Terraria's heart and soul that any game has come in the years since.  Beyond the clear value to you as a consumer, these dedicated developers--so thoroughly involved with their community--genuinely deserve your money for what they have accomplished.  I want to see more heart in games, so I reward it when I see it.  I see it here."
76561198096575762,Recommended,280520,23681744,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Santa Lizard,"So. The first question when looking at Crea is ""Did I like Terraria?"". If you did not like Terraria, chances are you won't like Crea.Crea right now feels like Terraria did on Release. Comparing them by the numbers, Crea has 4 Bosses, and Terraria had 5 Bosses at release. But in Crea's System the Bosses scale up in level when you defeat them. So you can't just run through a weak boss at endgame, they scale at basically the same rate as you.The main point brought up about Crea is the strange crafting/researching system. The way crafting works, is just like a RPG crafting system where you gain experience by either crafting or researching. The higher level your crafting gets, the more crafting recipes and skills you unlock. The next part is that if you pick up an Iron Ingot, you don't automatically know what you can make it into. So you have to research the item; which either consumes the item, or consumes Scraps as a Replacement based on which button you press. Once you research Iron Ingot, it unlocks some things that Iron Ingot is used for. But it doesn't unlock every single recipe the first time you research an item. You can see how far along you are on researching an item, and what crafting level you need to be to research it again.The game uses a minigame to determine the quality of the item you create called ""Chaos Crafting"" which is using skills you have unlocked from leveling to try and get the ""Quality Bar"" as high as possible before the ""Chaos Bar"". It can be confusing at first, but everything happens exactly how it says it will on the skills or the interface. An example is ""in 5 steps +20 Chaos""; means in 5 turns of the crafting minigame the Chaos bar will fill up by an extra 20. The effects like that are completely random, so every craft will be a little different.The best selling point of Crea so far to me is the ability to make and customize Dungeons. You can choose your own modifiers and pay a large fee based on what you choose, or just run Randomly generated dungeons for a smaller fee. The dungeons have a Theme that is either Ice, Magma, Forest or Castle. This is furthered by the fact that you can find portals to a specific monster's world. So you can find a portal to a Slime world that has a few Slime Spawners that are scaled to your level and give a reward for clearing them,Now for the major Con when dealing with Crea. There is a large buglist for the solo developer to deal with. While the Developer does almost daily streams while working out bugs, the major problem spot is Multiplayer. Right now Multiplayer has lots of terrible bugs that ruin the experience of lots of people that try to play. If you are willing to not play Miltiplayer, the bugs affect you a lot less. But Multiplayer has lots of problems in it's current state.Crea seems like a game for a Completionist. Trying to gather all of the blueprints that are rewards from certain monsters or getting all of the achievements is the easiest thing to aim for. I personally never built a giant fancy mansion in Terraria. I have around 200 hours in Terraria over my accounts. And that was a mix of Singleplayer and Multiplayer. My goal in Terraria was creating a set of gear for every playstyle possible. I can do that in Crea. Right now Crafting/Researching levels might be a bit unbalanced. But it is planned to be worked out over time. If you are the type of person that likes to build themed houses then Crea has all the resources for you to build to your heart's content. There is a bunch of decorations and building materials to choose from.The TL:DR for that is Crea is a nice game in it's base stages. It might grow into something great over time, or stay as something okay.Music 8/10 - has a few relaxing tracks that fit the theme of your area.Content:Combat 6/10 - Non Dungeon combat is not that rewarding. You don't run into many monsters while underground mining for the ores or gems. The only reason it is a 6 is because Dungeons are really really fun about 90% of the timeContent:Noncombat 9/10 - There is a ton of themed furniture and decorations and blocks to choose from when building. And you even have the option to Purify an area so no monsters spawn there. You can really customize your building to match almost anything you want.Singleplayer 7/10 - I would say the Singleplayer is solid right now. The combat is less zooming around and more strategic placement of yourself while you are playing. There are a few Items or Skills that are only useful to Multiplayer, but they don't make that much of a difference not using them in Single Player. There are very few large bugs in Singleplayer. I have had no bugs so far that had any bad effects for me.Multiplayer 3.5/10 - In the game's current state there is multiple bugs relating to multiplayer like Items losing their stats from not saving properly or players getting kicked out of dungeons for not loading in properly between floors or Players/Blocks being invisible when there is a connection problem. If you don't run into a bug in multiplayer you are probably really lucky in the current state of the game.Overall Crea is a great game in my experience, and would earn at least a Solid 7/10 if it wasn't for Multiplayer Bugs.So 7/10 for SingleplayerAround 4/10 for Multiplayer with friends. (with the potential of an 8+)This review was written when 1.0.8 came out. The developer is constantly working on bugs every day, while streaming most of it. If the multiplayer bugs are fixed as planned the Multiplayer has the potential to climb to around an 8.5, But until then if you are getting Crea you should most likely stick to Singleplayer.And on a final note. The Wiki is in really early stages right now and might have outdated info. So you either need to figure out things as you go along, or you need to ask the community a question about whatever you need."
,Recommended,280520,14700289,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,deurkruk,"As far as the 2d minecraft genre goes, Crea is up there on the top. In the beginning I had the often n00b problems and ui-wise this game needs improvements to make things simpler. But that being said, the community is awesome. Many thanks go to the developers and steam user ravenscroftranch for being helpful in my n00b stages.To make it simple:Pro's:Graphics far better than most of this genre.Good use of sound effect, nothing annoying.Crafting is logicalNice, friendly and helpful community and dev'sNice mix of rpg/sandboxAlmost no bugs so farCon's:Takes some time to understand because of EA so no deep tutorial but the community helps! Don't be afraid to ask.Name of the game makes it hard sometimes to google stuff about it.10/10Would run 3 biomes to the left after first start and die, again."
,Recommended,280520,10345770,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,McNuggetz,got this game cause it looked interesting and fell in love with it. I love terraria and starbound but this just adds things they dont have. I highly recommend you get this game.
76561198005274510,Recommended,280520,28593773,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,deano242,"AMAZING AND I LOVE IT. absolutely unique armour, magic and crafting sytems. amazing enemies and i haven't even gotten to the bosses.The newest update revived the game for me in so many ways."
,Recommended,280520,12908128,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CrimsonMerc,"Crea suprised me, For a early access game this has quite a lot of content and things to do. It's similar to games like Terraria but it has its own charm. There are bugs like random crashing but that's to be expected being in early access. Well worth the $15 USD that they dev's are asking & Looking forward to future patchs."
,Recommended,280520,31264815,Posted: 20 April,all,Peter Häggis,"I think this game is as good as, example, Terraria. There are minor bugs and performance issues, but the devs are actively working on it. They improved it a lot. And if you like sandbox and/or rpg, you might like this too."
76561198026920667,Recommended,280520,23524368,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,raz334,"Honestly a lot of released games are loaded down with bugs, Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind, and these were games published by designers who care and release fixes, the same can be said for this game Crea, the team working on it obviously care and you can even watch and talk with them via a twitch stream while they are working on it.  Unlike Electronic Arts and the Sim games which never fix any of the game breaking bugs they release with and only care about getting your money out of your wallet...Yes it has bugs, and probably should still be in alpha. However it already has more functional content than both terraria and starbound combined !The game is awesome, my only real complaint is that the skill bar at the bottom of the screen is bulky and often in the way, it is also unmoveable."
,Recommended,280520,12921811,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mynamejeff,"If you like RPG and Sandbox, and have played things like Minecraft or Terraria, you'll love this.GAMEPLAY: Customisation is so much better compared to other games of this style. Crea is really based on building your own player in an RPG-type fashion, leveling up skills, y'know. Sandbox-wise, on the other hand, isn't as diverse as such.AUDIO: Soundtrack is a bit weird, not really my style. It's got that trance-y feel, but there's always the sound options.MULTIPLAYER: Not that great. Still has a IP, port, password-type interface. Kinda like the Blockheads if you've ever played that.WORLD DESIGN: Average. Not great, not bad. Expect something like the early release of Minecraft.BUGS: Yeah, early access. You know what that means; if you buy this, you'll get them. And it does come with this game; there are instances in which cursors will suddenly freeze, graphics will glitch, interactions are somewhat impossible, but just wait a while and it'll be fixed. Hopefully.OVERALL: A great game in the making, which will, hopefully, stray away from the likes of Starbound, Minecraft, Terraria etc. and become it's own type of sandbox-rpg. Highly recommended for those who like messing around with bits and pieces to make more bits and pieces, and also RPG lovers.3.8/5."
76561198021487260,Recommended,280520,31433471,Posted: 29 April,all,Diddyk,"Really enjoy the game, it is exactly what I want in a sandbox/crafting game in 2d. It really seperates itself from Terraria with the leveling system and researching.I find the multiplayer mode to be a bit buggy still. Not unplayable, just some things I hope continue to improve!When I log into a game there are always 5-10 mobs around me, but that is never the case after the initial log in. I wish there were more consistant mobs throughout the game. I find once the initial 2-3 minutes of the game have dwindled it is much much harder to find mobs.I love where the game is and where it is headed, I hope to continue to see improvements, but truly enjoy playing it where it is now."
76561198053720155,Recommended,280520,13952854,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pilaf,"The developers are very communicative and respond to feedback more than any other game I've played. I've spent hours exploring the caves and underground areas. It feels a little tedious to stand there and break blocks, but it is exciting when you find an abandoned house or gold bricked room- even when there isn't much in them. Woo!"
76561198075673900,Recommended,280520,17547101,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,is gude gam yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep if ur an get an gam than mak shrr u hef vry gude gam mindEDIT: It has been many months since I posted and I really don't know what it means.
,Recommended,280520,29341706,Posted: 18 January,all,Narokuu 狼,"2d metroid-vania with heavy crafting focus and RPG elements,  Think Terraria, Starbound and Skill points combined."
76561197960464409,Recommended,280520,24375490,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ThePerptualTacoMachine,Decent Terraria clone.  Crafting system is interesting and unique.  On it's way to being a solid game.
76561198109565005,Recommended,280520,24261751,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,simshady,Good game. Easy to get straight into. More relaxed than Terraria so you can take yor time over things. Like the researching.
,Recommended,280520,12418989,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,awesam,"This looks like Starbound, Edge Of Space, but it't deffinatly not. Right when I started playing, I knew  this game would be fun forever"
,Recommended,280520,28616022,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Doxl,"Its a one men project and for this its totaly worth the money !rly fun to play, if you like this genre, buy Crea."
,Recommended,280520,12256136,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Premium,"If you are reading this then you are interested in this game and the genre.  Don't hesitate to buy it, don't worry if its not on sale, just buy it.  Trust me, this is a hidden gem.I play this game with 2 other people on my LAN and we haven't had this much fun since Terraria, and all of us see the shining potential of this game - even though as it is (OMEGA updates, 0.9.0.4 at the time of writing) it has provided us an insane amount of value for the asking price!This game is a 2d sandbox game with a massive RPG bend.  In the future it will support steam workshop for mods for pretty much everything.  This is THE game.If you like RPGs and Terraria (and its a plus if you have a couple friends that can blow the cash and get it too!) GET THIS GAME NOW.  This is easily the best Early Acess indie game I have purchased."
,Recommended,280520,12411731,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SevereOnion,"This game was a little slow, still a little slow. I can say I love the way you progress. The movement is a little bit weird. The way moving and jumping works (at the same time anyways.) I will post more back when I get a few more hours into this little gem. It was worth the money I paid for it though. So anyone looking for another terraria-esque game, pick this one up!"
76561198056347312,Recommended,280520,11569973,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tasive,"Awsome Game! If you like Terraria and Starbound, you have to give this game a try!"
,Recommended,280520,23778890,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CombatFrogs,"This game is very clearly heavily influenced by Terraria, but it takes that influence and runs with it in its own direction.As someone who has dumped quite a lot of time into the sandbox craft/fight/dig games (mostly Minecraft, but also a bit of Terraria), the addition of a skill system in this game is a very welcome improvement. There's an actual sense of progression rather than just weakly gated tiers of items that you can rush through. Of course, there are item tiers as well, but at least at the early levels the skill progression seems to have just as much if not more impact.Coming from Terraria, the control scheme threw me off for a bit, as there are a total of four (4) hotbars, split between two modes (combat and exploration) and two tab groups each. After I got used to it, I came to appreciate the ergonomics, but there was a bit of a learning curve.Overall, quite impressed with this game thus far, but there are competing games at a lower price point that are probably better entry points into the genre."
76561198048618937,Recommended,280520,12919408,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Solo Wing,"Crea is another one of those Terraria-like games that sucks your time in like nobody's business. Though, Crea differentiates itself from the usual 2D voxel games with its rewarding talents system. Yes, you've got the usual mine-craft-fight mechanic, but now you've also got skills to manage that improves your game. It's a bit like Skyrim's where you accumulate points (TP) in certain talent areas based on what you do, then spend those points on perks. It's interesting and rewarding since certain perks actually change up the gameplay a bit (like being able to ledge grab, or being able to mine more than one block).The combat is actually fun, with dodge rolls, combos, and blocking mechanics. What's also interesting is the ""Style"" system, which is essentially Crea's magic-based combat. It's a bit finicky since most enemies move so fast (while you have a casting time), but fun when you get it right. The Style system plays differently in that you need to accumulate a number of charges by casting its base form (heal self, throw fireball, etc). Once you've got enough, then you can cast upgraded forms like fire pillars or ice beams or whatever. Definitely interesting, but gimped since melee is still better.For mining, I like that you only need one tool to break the world (well, two: one for breaking stuff, and your hands for picking up stuff in place like furnaces and anvils). It's slow at first, but it's mitigated by the Talent system's upgrades.Crafting is one of the gripes I have. It's the typical have-these-to-make-that, or have-these-and-be-near-this-to-make that, but the crafting menu seriously needs an overhaul. There's a filter, sure, but it's not very intuitive. I prefer the usual categorization of crafting items rather than having it all out.Graphics are pretty decent as well. It's like Terraria in terms of tone, but with a much more polished look.My other gripe is the lack of purpose. That's true for most voxel games, though, and Crea is no different. ""Here's the world, and here's a pickaxe. Bye!"" I think it would really improve the experience if the game had towns or NPCs to interact with (talk, fight, barter, whatever). I think the only voxel game that nailed this artificial community aspect was WindForge.Overall, Crea is a lot of fun. It's deeper than other Terraria clones thanks to its skill system, and the graphics are fun. I'd have been all over this game if it weren't for the general lack of purpose."
76561198002355790,Recommended,280520,31610422,Posted: 7 May,all,bananaSplif,"This game is very rewarding. Maybe too much. It's heavily and unshamefuly inspired by terraria but it has its own ideas. I like the fact that you can improve the stations with apparatus you loot from chests. Really if I was asked to say its flaws I'd say it's too easy/rewarding (I leveled the combat talent from 0 to 50 in one dungeon) and that there are not a lot of different ennemies.Basically the experience/talent points should be scaled down, as well as the amout of minerals you find. Other than that I think this game is amazing."
,Recommended,280520,32524707,Posted: 17 June,all,The Crackadalion Death <3,"I've been playing this off an on for awhile now, and I finally managed to get my player to max level. This game is definitely a lot of fun, and terrara-like in theme (just because of this genre, it is also very different from Terraria). If you liked terraria or starbound you'll definitely like this.The developer is constantly fixing bugs or adding in new content. Give it a try!"
76561198236165908,Recommended,280520,19510116,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sir Chippy,I cant say its perfect but its ok i dont got much to say.
76561197980697732,Recommended,280520,23507716,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Arkus,Love this game... even tho it heat my computer like donkey in spring.... but the gameplay is something really interesting and kind of hard. I recommend it even tho it need some ... updates and fixes here and there.Really worth the price. :DShare the love...
76561198041042998,Recommended,280520,24022198,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kmgdragon01,"This is one of my favorite games on steam, even though I have not played very much. It is like a combination of Starbound and Terraria, and has many other things as well. The research system makes things a bit more difficult and helps to balance out the loot you often get when you go into dungeons or high level areas. The idea of things getting harder as you go out into the world is one of my favorite features and really helps to make the game interesting. You have to take risks and go out farther to find rare materials as well as to level up faster when facing tougher enemies. I also really enjoy the chaos crafting mini game (even though I am terrible at it) because the increased chances of modifiers and quality can make a very powerful weapon or tool. The talent leveling system is also pretty good, you have to use the talent a good bit to improve upon your skill in it. There is also a character leveling system which gives stat points as well as improving all stats. The bosses seem to level up as you defeat them over and over, so that is nice, is keeps the game interesting. Well, one boss is always the same level as the player which means that boss fight is pretty even unless the player improves their combat talents. Again, this is one of my favorite games and I can't wait to see what's in store for it."
,Recommended,280520,30105637,Posted: 22 February,all,Justin Inux,The game has some great potencial and the developer is still improving it everyday. I enjoyed it when I played and can't wait for the new updates.
,Not Recommended,280520,14116620,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,kaeshiva,"I was having a great time, spent most of the day on this levelling up, building stuff - great and splendid time.Then a sudden crash and blue screen.  Ok, no problem.  Rebooted PC....and ...my character's been rolled back to level 3.  And this isn't due to 'not saving' - I had saved and reloaded the game to do a different world maybe only 30 minutes or so before this crash ...yet somehow, my character data lost 6 hours worth. My actual world and 'stuff' was intact, but really don't fancy another 6 hours of grinding to get back to where I was skillwise, so I'll not be playing this anymore until the data can be sorted out.  Otherwise a great game with lots of promise - would have just liked a warning about 'your character will randomly disappear or get rolled back' - whilst I understand its early access and this may eventually happen, having it happen mid-play-session is a non-starter."
76561198111147224,Recommended,280520,20548500,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,colin.exe,"I absoutley loved the game for the hour I played but it was so incredibly confusing to start out I quickly gave up for the day.Art style is nice the gameplay is awesome and overall a good game but I would like it to be a slight bit easier.Please get the game you won't regret it.Edit: I was talking about the crafting and such, I had no idea where to craft things when I thought I learned them but I only researched them"
,Recommended,280520,20532026,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Officer Honk,"Very active dev, And its a pretty good game. bugs get handled quickly in the weekly updates."
,Recommended,280520,23512908,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Starz,"I would say it's a pretty solid game with lots to do and lots to explore! Dev's really cool, he streams on Twitch while he fixes bugs and answers questions of the public when they come to watch him. He even allows for suggestions to make the game better and answers everyones questions. Great game though, you should buy it for sure!"
76561198030742719,Recommended,280520,23546606,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,xxBandymaNxx,"I don't review many games, but this one stands out to me as one that deserves some recognition. To be such a small team and yet provide better communication and post-release support so far has been nothing short of astonishing. Most AAA titles lack this big time and has turned me off to many of the big players as of late. If you are worried about support and continued growth for a game even after release, look no further than Crea.As for gameplay, it has completely hooked me. It is most similar to Terraria, but it has a ton of additional content and character building which is what I love most. I love RPG type elements in the games I play, and this perfectly melds the two together. There is plenty to craft and build, and several quick options to do various things such as mining a large set of blocks or the ability to pull from nearby chests while crafting. All unique and thoughtful ideas.Truthfully, for the price this game is a steal, and will bring more enjoyment than many other titles prices 2 or 3x as much. There is still some work to be done on the multiplayer side but they are working persistently to continue improving the game and removing any bugs. If you are looking for a developer that deserves some positive recognition, this is it. I wish more development teams would follow these guy's example!"
,Recommended,280520,23601704,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DatHowell,"I want to preface this by stating that I got a copy for both my friend and i, and got 4 other people to get copies. That's how much i like this game.Okay now into the detailed part of my assessment.There are some things you should know about this game:The game is not finished. There is still a lot more to be done, bugs to be fixed, features planned, and so on.There is A LOT of content in it currently. I am this far into the game and still discovering new things.The customization with different armours and weapons and accessories is CRAZY OVERWHELMING (in a good way)It shares many similarities to that of Starbound and Terraria, with a complex leveling and skill system, along with a researching system in which you use items to learn their uses, which i believe makes perfect sense.The bosses (may change in the future) are incredibly beautiful. I love their art, he really did a great job on them. There's only 4 in game at the moment, with more to be plannedYes there are bugs.There are some pretty gamebreaking bugs that will either ruin the game for you, or for your friends playing with you.He is CONSTANTLY working on them athttps://www.twitch.tv/siegegamesfor all of you to say, talking to the fans, seeing what they want, and what needs fixed. I have seen him resolve issues he had no idea how to fix, simply with help from fans, and the information they provided live on stream.TLDR: This is an amazing game. It has bugs. It's not completely finished. but this shows SO MUCH PROMISE."
,Recommended,280520,27559786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iridocyclitis,"Great Game!Could use a better UI, and some more content.However, this is still a very new game.Give it time."
,Recommended,280520,20778930,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,JokersWild,"Fun little builder/exploration game.  It is still early access and needs a little work to it, but I think it will be a nice edition to those that enjoy these games."
,Recommended,280520,23504708,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Melanc,"Enjoyable, addictive game that follows the mould of Terraria and Starbound. The RPG layer adds an interesting dimension to the game, and the unlockable abilities are varied and interesting. The basic combat is pretty smooth, although the combat skills don't seem very useful, for their cost. The chaos crafting minigame is an interesting idea, and is nicely challenging.Recommended, and well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,280520,23545487,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ediablo1,"I all honesty i went in not knowing what to expect, but so far i've loved every minute of it. There's still a couple of things that need to be fixed here and there but it's a fun game regardless"
,Recommended,280520,23556597,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,I'm Still Gonna Send It!,"Let's make this abundantly clear. This game does have it's bugs, and there's a number of them; but that shouldn't be the absolute decided factor between picking up this game in my opinion. Jasson (Siege Games main developer) does a weekly live stream where he let's players chat and discuss various issues with the game. He is, without a doubt, 100% on top of all issues that are being addressed.Now, in my experience thus far, I actually haven't came across a single bug that's been mentioned by other players. More specifically, Audio/Graphic issues. I have 14.4 hours (as of this review) and I've yet to experience one hiccup. The game itself has enough content for a CASUAL gamer. You have boss fights, you have character progression, you have researching/crafting. There's plenty of pros to this game in it's current state, and that will only continue to grow.One thing I see that's mentioned quite a bit is the learning curve. Here's what you need to understand. The game is new, and the fanbase is relatively small currently (Approx. ~1000 players). The Wiki doesn't have much information, so you're really reliant on exploring the game yourself and actually taking the time to LEARN it. If that's something you don't want to do, and you just want a mindless tutorial you're going to skip over anyways, then this isn't the game for you. The best way to learn the game currently IS TO PLAY IT.At first, I was extremely intimidated by the game. I spawned next to a crystal with what seemed to be a teleporting option; I quickly ignored it and moved on. A few hours in I really started to understand it's purpose. For nearly 10 hours of gameplay, I had NO idea you could use spells such as proficiencies, in passive mode. I kept switching to attack mode to cast my spells. Again, I figured this out because I PLAYED the game.TL;DR:The game isn't in bad shape at all. There's major and minor bugs, but every game will have those. Stick with the developer, report the bugs, and I PROMISE this will make Terraria seem like a childs game. Also, on a side note. Jasson is the only developer, and on his stream June 13th, he mentioned wanting to hire a C++ coder to help fix bugs and improve content. One thing I truly admired about him was his excitement seeing people on Twitch playing his game. He's clearly working his very hardest to listen to players and fix big issues. He took questions/issues DIRECTLY from viewers on Twitch and fixed them right in front of your eyes. The guy shows a lot of promise, and so does this game. I highly recommend picking it up while it's $15. One thing I do recommend (this is for Siege Games), ask some big players of your game to help expand the content of your Wiki. Provide starter guides, more explanations, and clarifications on items/crafting/chaos. Let your players help other players."
,Recommended,280520,23562055,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Chickengamer,"I fell in Love with this Game after seeing it so i bought the 4 Pack.It's really worth the Money, the dev is working on it every day on stream!I had a problem (my fps were dropping after 10 minutes ingame) he tried to help me th best he couldJust now i did reinstall Steam and it did fix it hes a very nice guy and will try everything to fix the bugs.He earned my respect and i'll follow his stream every day now hes also planning to add new Features for the GameThe game overall is pretty good but its also challenging you can have lots of fun with it even if its  a bit buggy at the moment (Update 1.0.2) but as i said hes trying his best to fix these bugs when you read this they are probally gone.The Graphics are great and there is a lot of work going into the Details.I really enjoy the RPG Elements even if it's a bit hard to start as a Mage its possible so i did switch to an Archer/Mage Build and it's working just fine cus you can swap between Loadouts so you can use a total of 10 spells, 5 on every Loadout.All in all i really enjoy this Game and i hope you will Support the dev by buying the Game as i Said it's worth the Money.Sincerely,Chickengamer"
,Recommended,280520,29659736,Posted: 2 February,all,fire_me3,"Honestly, if you like Starbound and Terraria, and you're craving a game like them but with rpg elements, experience, skills, and leveling, then this is a fantastic game for you.  I wish more people would play Crea so the modding community would be larger.  This game is very easy to mod as well, definitely a great game to learn how to mod on.  Highly recommend!"
76561198065131892,Recommended,280520,23543463,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,FriendlyFireOn,I was wary about buying this due to all the bug reports but after the insane amount of work the creator is putting in to fix things I had to buy it and I don't regret it at all. Pick it up if you can! Very fun game for sure.
76561198257890600,Recommended,280520,23718931,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bob4your,Watched a streamer play this game and had to get it. Very engaging and fun!
,Recommended,280520,23543244,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SirBillyGoat,"Now before I say anything else, yes, this game does have a few bugs, A FEW. All the reviews saying that the game is just so buggy and it keps crashing are either outdated or just plain over exaggerating. Now, some pros and cons.ProsRuns very smoothly (minus a few small lag spikes here and there).The RPG leveling system separates the game from other 2d sandbox platformers.The researching system gives a very high feeling of progress to the player.AddictingConsAs mentioned before, there are a few small bugs.This may only apply to me, but you might find yourself stuck, as in having to level up to progress more, but theres really nothing you can think of to do to level yourself up.Overall, the game is fun, addicting, with very little bugs.8.5/10"
,Recommended,280520,23616712,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,sekhethsis,"I love Crea. The game does not have the same level of polish as Terraria, but I find the combat much more interesting and, important for me, the game has a decent magic system. The bosses are unique and fun to fight. There is level scaling for dungeons and ""rifts"", which some people do not like, but for the most part I do not find this to be a problem. There could be a bit more monster variety.Most of the game is written in Python, with the game source available, so it is very highly moddable, with the developer having released extensive modding documentation."
76561198055262324,Recommended,280520,24026314,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[PP]♒ Bluefang Waterwave ♒,"In my time playing this game ive had alot of fun, beaten all the bosses, but also encountered countless bugs and repetitve grinding.Pros+ Nice levelling system+ Cool crafting system+ Interesting lore+ Nice, diverse bosses+ Awesome weapons (bows that shoot 5 arrows which split and bounce)+ MOD SUPPORT (Terraria, take note.)Cons:- Bugs- Repetitve dungeons- Too much grinding for that one recipy- More bugs- Not enough monsters- Not enough spells/abilities- Terraria/starbound clone- Did i mention bugs? Like there is seriously an armor set that makes you invincible because its been coded wrong.- Boring world generation- Bad controls6/10 overall. Decent game, with fun mechanics and gimmicky weapons. but full of bugs. Im personally going to put it aside for a while, until it has more content."
76561198120454298,Recommended,280520,28703088,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,justincouto103,"This is not a review but the keyboard keys are not working, probally just a dumb mac problem but no other steam game i have played has given this  problem. So being that i can not play the game i can only not recomend it :(  .-edit: because the problem that i encountered is probally involved with me being a mac peasant and because the group of developers working on this game seem to really care i am going to recomend the game anyway :)-re edit the problem was fixed by dedicated devs and the game is great fun. Defiantly recomend it"
,Recommended,280520,20494134,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kuliu,Fantastic and unique game. Wish all the luck for the release out of early access.
,Recommended,280520,23771074,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NorwegiaN,"you would think its just another terraria/starbound ripoff, but its actually realy good, in my opinion it adds the best of both terraria and starbound and makes a very fun game that motivates you to explore and craft to unlock the better perks,"
,Recommended,280520,21512610,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Deity,"Sandbox meets RPG, definitely worth a play"
76561198062009916,Recommended,280520,33587770,Posted: 16 July,all,NassyAmadeus,"I'm 2D platform fan. Been played 400+ hrs on Terraria too.Crea have many things similar and different with. Crea's craft research and 'TP system' is make each step more value.Monsters / items/ equipment are abit less variaty than Terraria.But the difficulty make the game challenging enough, even the scorpion can easily kill you (And dugeon / boss mode) is hard too.Who love to think and carefully plan ahead, I reccommend this game is worth your time too :)"
76561198042940251,Not Recommended,280520,23542445,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Projects2k,"This game has little to no content. What u see in the first 10mins is pretty much the whole game in a nutshell. There is probably something like 8-10 monster varieties, mining/crafting is not rewarding because of the lack of biomes. I spent hrs mining and exploring the world from top to bottom and its pretty much the exact same thing. Even the resources you gather lacks diversity. There is little incentive to continue playing where as in Terraria you have so many things to do. This game honestly belongs in alpha. What a waste of money."
76561197993702572,Recommended,280520,29836025,Posted: 10 February,all,Zraiiah,"To begin my review, please be aware that this game is very much still under development. You can follow the developer on twitch via SiegeGames and watch them edit the code and from that you can learn how to mod the game yourself. This game is very reminiscent of Terraria or Starbound but offers a unique experience with skill levelling and combat. Also, one of my favorite little ""quirks"" of this game is you create the NPCs by making mannequins and putting outfits on them. You literally make your own friends haha! That being said, it's a fun game to play with your friends as many of the skills allow for player buffs and you can heal each other. It also has a few unique boss monster battle experiences. All in all it's fun if you like building and exploring, resource gathering, leveling skills. It'll become even better with more exposure from the modding community. Can't wait to see more builder-friendly updates and see how the game evolves over the next few months."
,Recommended,280520,23624655,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cheerilee,really lovely 2d game noting like anyother games i have playedvery well done i have past this game up so many times before due fact was in early stages of being made and growing into game now i am glad i wait for this one.ps beat the game and still super fun
,Recommended,280520,14767531,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Majick,"I really recommend this game, I played 3 hours of this already! And it is really awesome! Worth the buy."
,Recommended,280520,23626383,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Kensik,Great game been having a blast.
,Recommended,280520,23643969,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Glibitz,"I really enjoyed this game. It is a easy going, casual game. There is a lot that can be added to it, like the beds, they do nothing but look nice in your home. Music is relaxing, to me and I quite enjoy it. For the price, great game."
76561198018340339,Recommended,280520,23681111,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ZXavier97,"The game is really fun.It's similar to games like Terraria and Starbound ecept for one main thing:It has a leveling system for Weapons, Spells, Item Gathering, Item Crafting, and even Exploring.The game does have some bugs, but the developer is live streaming himself fixing the bugs.He's a pretty cool guy too :3"
,Recommended,280520,24447357,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Nova Sky Geezus Cuntree Grammur,Wow good game 2D rpg. I have been really grinding thru this game. IO use to play Terraria alot just to explore and loot this game gave me bigger and better complex to play in. I haven't done much multiplayer because the game sold me more on solo stuff. Too be honest if you are the 2D Zelda type this game will rock your old mind. If you like Terraria crafting and building this game is for you. There spells that are no need for wands to spit them out.
76561198292687800,Recommended,280520,24280285,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Rob0█▀█ █▄█ ▀█,Very expansive and a great challenge! I have a lot of fun playing this game almost every day and feel that with a few fixes it's in league the big 2D sidescrollers like terraria
76561198155013354,Recommended,280520,24399316,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,leahcar18,"This game gets a bad rep from all of the people expecting it to be just as huge as Terraria is. Yes, it's in the same genre of game with a similar style and feel, but that doesn't mean it has to be the same game re-skinned. The crafting may be simpler, but I honestly prefer it. It feels a lot less confusing than Terraria is, with a much smaller learning curve. The art is A+, and the music is great. And my good sweet lordy, the leveling system just gives you something that Terraria and other sandbox games were missing! This game is fun and engaging, and I would recommend you wait till it's on sale and then try it out."
,Recommended,280520,23474016,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,❇Bobby0706❇,This game is like if Terraria and Starbound took turns spooning each other and somhow made a baby. Exept that baby is a different skin color than the parents and is working to become better than they ever could be.
76561197970336162,Not Recommended,280520,23570243,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dragonbait,"Level Scaling!Hate it, can't stand it, wouldn't have bought it if I had known,  didnt realise it had it until to late to refund :("
,Recommended,280520,24149276,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Gurok Stonecutter,"I like this genre and have played many hours of Terraria and Starbound. I picked up Crea to give it a try and have enjoyed the gameplay, so far. The graphics aren't bad and there is controller support, unlike the previously mentioned games.I like the crafting system and how there are various levels to it. It gives me something to look forward to when exploring and leveling up my character.In any case, I would give this game a try if you like exploration and crafting games."
,Recommended,280520,24580543,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,vegan meth,"Terraria with rpg elements. Better than starbound.DISCLAIMER: In order to smelt ores and craft items efficiently in this game you must endure one of the least entertaining mini games ever concieved. You click on a number of abilities to max out the items quality before its chaos rating fills up. However, each of your abilities used to craft is simply a dice roll. The variation on the rolls is very large. Large to the point of it feeling completely pointless each time you use an ability as it is possilbe to completely fill out your chaos on an ability that is necessary to use in a single click. Pretty much everytime you click something you run the risk of trashing the item and wasting all the resources. This same process is used to smelt ores. Instead of just smelting all the ores you bring back you have to do this frustrating minigame for EVERY SINGLE BAR YOU SMELT. Sure you could just smelt it normally, but you will recieve 1/2 - 1/3 as much ore as you would by torturing yourself with the chaos crafting system. You will be motivated to go through this because you need as much smelted as possible to try the ""minigame"" (random dice roll) when crafting the actual items as many times as possible in hopes of getting an item with something besides pickup distance. It is hard to really determine how much fun the rest of the game is because in comparison to the crafting system everything is amazing."
,Recommended,280520,23539511,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,GetSchwifty,Just five more minutes turns into several hours later. This game is way better than the similar games it's based off of. There is lots of polish and it's easy to figure out.
76561198026818505,Recommended,280520,23540275,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,(OTG)Kcina,"This game is a must if you liked terraria! There is crafting, dungeon rifts, bosses,building,gathering,character progression, crafting,more crafting and obv exploring. Hands down the best game I've played in a long time!"
,Recommended,280520,12781692,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ST33M BAT,Really love this game and all of its functions expecially the traits system. It is very unique to the genre I would say. I love 2d sandox games so naturally this is a good game to me. It is in an early stage so it is sort of choppy but it is fun. Buy it if you like this kind of genre.
,Recommended,280520,32797973,Posted: 25 June,all,Miłosz,"If you think it's like Terraria, you would be surprised. There are some obvious similarities, but there're some huge differences (and thousands of smaller). One of them is rpg system (with stats and both passive and active skills, including magic), making grinding almost necessary to progress (though it's not as boring as it may sound). The other is research system - it's pretty simple, but to unlock new recipes you must do research in research station, requiring you to collect specified resources.Game is really fun to play, bringing both challenges and satisfactionPros:+a bit like Terraria, but better+lot's of fun+research+stats and skills+huge choice of weapons and at least a few possible fighting styles+advanced crafting - quality (and, subsequently, power) of created gear depends on how well you do with crafting process; you can also add special bonuses+magic+nice soundtrack+some enemies are challengingCons:-some enemies are challenging-if you don't like grinding, it's not for you.-progress might seem slow (again, grinding)-might be confusing at some points-it's still in development and could use more content-not really fault of game, but game's wiki is kinda poor, so don't expect too much help"
76561198271814443,Recommended,280520,31735469,Posted: 13 May,all,The Architect,"may not be the best game yet but its still being developed, it might be hard to get into it at first but when remna comes into play, things get alot more intriuging. with 1.4 coming alot of bugs are being fixed along with alot of new content. i wouldnt hesitate to buy this game again"
,Recommended,280520,32587995,Posted: 20 June,all,aspireClarity,"A review on Crea (someone give me the phonetics in how to pronouce this)Possitives+:Cute artstyleNo hand holding (can be good and bad depending on who you ask)Lots of customisation in terms of gearNegatives-:Really rough startthe game is still not optimised yet so the game tends to lagbuilding still has flaws like no smart building and the removal of forground items when trying to remove the backgroundno end goal as of yetsome key features like how to remove backgrounds are not explainedthe default size of the camera is really zoomed out so sometimes your character can get lost in the backgroundOverall Crea as a 2D game much like terarria and starbound is interesting and fun to some but not for all, Crea really reminds me of beta starbound but i find it a lot more chill compared to starbound i feel like the game gives a feel of drawings of a kid's doodle book brought to life and is fun to play alone and with friends."
76561198060627927,Recommended,280520,32776015,Posted: 25 June,all,Isaac,"At first glance this game does appear to be another terraria or starbound clone, but once you look into it, it's so much more.  Crea puts a twist on things, in game there is a leveling system in which you can level anything you want. Certain skills to level include: Arms (which is bow and arrow and melee weapons), Gathering (mining, etc), Exploring ( lets you learn lockpicking, dodging, becoming more agile, etc), and my favorite one, Syle ( leveling up your syle skill means using wands, there are many fighting skills you can learn through combat. Ice beam, upheaval ( summons a huge rock to impale enemies), windstorm, and even invisibility, but only for a minute or so, but it proves extremely helpful in certain situations. Over many things in this game one of my favorite concepts has to be how the devs interact with the players, you can chat with them in livestreams, talk with them anytime in discord, and most importantly they listen to our feedback, good or bad. I recommend this game."
76561198037147862,Recommended,280520,23548884,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DewwyDewart,Speep!
76561198030885506,Recommended,280520,23603834,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,doughnutdoney,I dont normally go for platform games (the only ones I played were the old classic ones of the 1980s like Chuckie Egg etc) but when I saw this with a RPG mix to it as well I had to give it a go...and yes its superb little game that will promise hours of enjoyment. It dosent have much direction at first so its up to you how you are going to live on this planet and expect to die quite a few times. Its not that hard though to progress and despite the average graphics the gameplay is much more better then the more expensive first person RPG games. Its cheap as well...worth paying for and playing for hours.
,Recommended,280520,23881573,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Strangely Festive TTHAX™,Its GOOD game things start off SLOW but then your progression BLASTS OFF!Do you like terraria? get this game!Do you like upgrading your charecter?GET THIS GAME!Do you like fighting?GET THIS GAME!Do you like TONS of mining?GET THIS GAME
76561198041486962,Recommended,280520,23927911,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jedipauly,"I think this is the first review I have written for a computer game.  The reason I am taking the time to write this review is because I want the reader to know that the developer, Jasson, is very competent and very available and responsive.  The game is fun and playable and being constantly updated, with new content planned.  Whenever an update breaks something, Jason is on it and fixes the problem.  For example, version 1.0.10 was an unstable opt-in beta attempt to fix some multiplayer issues.  It did fix some of the issues but created others.  We just clicked on the live stream button in the game which took us right to Jasson live, then he reproduced the problem, tracked down three issues and fixed them, and had a new version 1.0,12 out the same day.  Now we are up and playing again,  The problems that are left are minor annoyances which Jason is aware of and is working daily to fix, and will have fixed them all soon.  This game is worth the money, and the developers back their product and give the highest level of service and help imaginable, in my humble opinion.  I am totally happy with the game and with my experience with the developer.  My wife and I have played over 150 hours and are looking forward to new content and further developemet of this game and concept."
76561198055047370,Recommended,280520,13350000,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,-Frost-,I CANT REACH IN THIS STUPID GAME!!!!!!!!!!
76561197989221429,Recommended,280520,29684275,Posted: 3 February,all,TheMeatMan,Great game. It's like Terraria but with more detailed combat.
76561198157160844,Recommended,280520,23890119,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,demon123XD,great game
76561198068729965,Recommended,280520,23497131,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Empress,rpg + sandbox + mutiplayer + 2d + awesome developer = buy it even if you  want to play it alone!
76561198126940661,Recommended,280520,29377365,Posted: 20 January,all,CorruptWulf,THIS GAME IS O FUN  LOVE THE SKILL SYSTEM!
,Recommended,280520,23560616,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[tMBt] OmeN,"I bought this game exactly to get away from Terraria.. Whatever new thing is added there It's going straight for the end game. While this here is something new and people make the same Minecraft mistake as always - comparing one game to another which is considered superior.. But I wouldn't call it that way because this game has some things that Terraria doesn't have.CONS:- You can move the inventory menus.- The Gathering / Combat switch is great - we all expirienced the pick to be at button 6 while the sword is on 1...- The research system is something new, many people may complain about it, but every game has its element, which's sole purpose is to ""waste"" your time in a good way - head in the game.- Huge talent system.- Classic RPG elements.Of course, every game has it's own..CONS:- Lag spikes/ Frame Rate drop - nothing is more capable than this to ruin your game and sadly this game has this problem.- Not so much content when talking about Mobs.- Multiplayer is somehow left.. unfinished.. while you can play with your friends, it's just not supported on steam, and that makes things a little bit uncomfortable.- In the settings there arent many graphic options. Only in-game, and still the only two which will help you reduce the lag spikes are V-sync disable and Lightning.- Beginner Unfriendly.Overall :While this is everything I had to say until this moment about pros and cons, I don't thing there is any need this game to be rated.. not in this early stage. It has great potential, just a little bit witch the wrench here and there. I do not regret buying the game simply because I'm sure that in 4-5 months this game will have at least 200 downloads a day.7.8 / 10"
,Recommended,280520,18778497,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,VeraLee,fun game
,Recommended,280520,23561846,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Doe,It is a good game. . .The first time i bought it i refunded it by accident.But its deffinently worth a try.
,Recommended,280520,24162842,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,489Herobrine,"Amazing game! I am considering doing some modding for this game and python is really simple to use, all in all good game, havent even seen a bug!"
76561198046546692,Recommended,280520,23770807,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mazerolle77,"I'm really glad I bought this game and it is a lot of fun for someone who played a lot of Terraria. Will gladly wait for the multiplayer issues to be worked out, and will spend many hours in this game once it does"
,Recommended,280520,23701832,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Cala Maria,"It's aight, extremely buggy and less content rich version of Terraria with more RPG elements.the small team behind the game are working hard and updating the game daily to fix these bugs, but it feels like an early access title right now - so many things don't work in online Multiplayer.5/10 in it's current state, go buy Terraria instead if you haven't played it."
,Recommended,280520,33391654,Posted: 8 July,all,Sir Bleezie,Similar to Terraria. Fun game. My only complaint is that the Bosses are too easy IMO. No real strategy to them at all.
,Not Recommended,280520,31303470,Posted: 22 April,all,MockingFlame,keep trying to play it. the single player works fine. the multiplayer is always iffy at best. can't recomend this game. it would be a great game if it consistently worked. as is though the multiplayer is buggy in a game breaking way.
76561198104926427,Not Recommended,280520,24436481,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,нипутю,"Dou you like Terraria, Starbound, Minecraft? Then don't play this game. It's way way worse than any of those.The game can be described in these 4 words: unintuitive, messy, underdeveloped and monotonous.1. The tutorial is pretty poor/incomplete. Same for game's wiki. You will have to google pretty often for core game mechanics, item recipies etc.2. UI is as bad as it can be. It's unintuitive, overcomplicated, unfriendly, poorly documented and inconsistent. It's a constant pain and struggle.3. Forget diversity. The game is pretty monotonous. Even soundtrack only has a single main theme. There is nothing like Terraria events or Starbound quests,4. The skills system that is advertised as an advantage over Terraria/Starbound/Minecraft is in fact not sweet at all. Many skills are useles: some of them will be irrelevant for you because you follow one specific skill build (e.g. warrior, not mage). Another reason why having many skills is not cool is UI: there is almost no way one will use more than 3-5 active skills. And there is casting delay. And there is stamina cost. Bottom line is that skills system is not fun at all."
,Not Recommended,280520,23537005,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[FGS]Thelappie,"As much as a good game this is I can far from recommend it.8 hours play time and can still not make stairs or ladders and have yet to see a single NPC.The entire crafting system builds on a weird mechanic of researching. Everything seems to be random and like I said, I can after 8 hours craft various beds, chairs, chrystal stuff but no ladder och stairs!There are a lot of bugs still and I know the dev is working hard.Enemies have a weird scale as well, you can attack a lvl 1 monster and get a portal to a realm where the monster are higher lvl than you, and then you die if your not really careful. So a lvl 1 monster and you thinking ""oh nice, some easy loot in this realm"" can turn in to a 20 min attack and run fest.The crafting system I like very much, but there are some weird combinations that make no sense.The combat system is probably the most well thought in this game. Good variety of combos, spells and attacks. And depending on what you do (swords or magic) you gain levels in that specific category.It sadens me to say that I'd much rather keep playing Terraria (1000+ hours) and/or Starbound. This game feels more like a Early Access than anything else."
76561198006966329,Not Recommended,280520,23943213,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MtNak,"The game is great. Love the music. Love the art. Love the progression.BUT, the controls are not there yet. It really needs more bottons, more options for the keyboard, better UI, really obvious stuff is missing in the controls.I love Terraria and Crea, but this problems drain the fun from the game for me. Hope they make it better. I think they will."
76561198207558213,Recommended,280520,32272672,Posted: 8 June,all,"TheDizzyCat ""cause why not""","Pros and COns of Crea.Pros:1: Very nice backgrounds.2: Amazing Lore.3: Easy controlls.4: Great RPG based.5: Challenging boss fights. (The boss's get stronger the more you lvl up)6: Butiful sound track.Cons:1: Some Lag in sertin places of the game.2: Very few glitches. (but they hardly ever occure)3: Lack of Charecter Customization.4: Speep not giving alot of wool like they use too.Now for the people that call this a Terraria like game WAKE UP its called a 2D Platformer and this is so different from Terraria. I could find so many things different from Terraria and Crea. I didn't know Terraria had Boss rooms and Enchantments, Talent Systems, Leveling up a charecter, Lvl Based Armor and Weopons, and Dungeons, Rifts that can take you to a place that only has one monster, and I get that the first enemy you see in Terraria is a Slime, but its not an Oil Slime or anything. The ONLY thing that is simmaler is that it's Square blocks and minning. Accually EVERY SURVIVAL GAME HAS MINNING, so no this is nothing like Terraria in any way. The NPC's in terraria need a house and some item or a boss or event defeated. Crea you only need a Manican and The Outfit of the NPC you want.CREA AND TERRARIA AND MINECRAFT AND STARBOUND ARE NOT ALL RIPPOFFS OF ANYTHING AT ALL.Minecraft/Terraria DifferentTerraria/Starbound DifferentStarbound/Minecraft DifferentCrea/Terraria DifferentSo stop with this Bull Crap about Ripoofs. They all have a unique way of being there own game.If you read the whole thing and your one of these people grow up or wake up."
,Recommended,280520,23513687,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,PartySheep,Yeeeeeees. Great game just give dev time to fix some bugs.
76561198078784062,Recommended,280520,32167618,Posted: 3 June,all,Tozo,"Great game, the frequent updates really changed it for the better. It is not a fast paced game, but the progression of your character is huge. So much freedom."
,Recommended,280520,15780449,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Saiki Ψ Kusuo,Like Terraria but a lot better. Not as much of a cluster ♥♥♥♥. Also I really like the discovery/crafting system and the skill system is really cool.
,Not Recommended,280520,23755410,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheDeadCaptain,"It still has many bugs, including the basic animals, sheep, are completly immortal or a whole enemy class (the scorpions) is fully bugged. These and many other bugs convinced me to not reccommend this game. Although, if itdont frustrates you fully by teleporting you into a dongen where you are fully trapped and have no hope to flee, it is a great geame, so, if you have any ideas how to overcome those bugs, go ahead and play the game :D (and please tell me how to overcome the listed bugs)"
,Recommended,280520,25977630,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hobby_goat17,"How to decipher a hiccup if anyone experiencing window 7 problem like I am, its loading and then crashes and they are asking you turn over your logs do so.Game overall was okay, I had 6 hours to 14 hours one time, before reinstall method. it really resets your data. T_TMusic and Gameplay I liked it, for 2d game, its not creativerse, there are boss monsters, who make it your day feel like worst nightmare. Unless you figured out recipes for crystal tools.Unlike creativerse diamond rules as best made weapon.Beyond that loading for me sucked and fact it break out in second or third time I'm sorry I gave out CREA I loved game but Rogue harvest developers and Forsaken Isle became my only survival games to play right after that hiccup.  I recommend it if only plays for you, me it doesn't play. unless devs can solve windows 7 riddle."
,Recommended,280520,23471388,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,punk_spunk,"Great game, very fun and enjoyable for hours. Also I love the graphics, they are awesome! +1 kuddo for Linux release as well with controller support \o/ 10/10"
,Recommended,280520,32202848,Posted: 5 June,all,hide and seek (NL),I like this game alot have been playing it sinds alpha. the nice thing is that you can see and iteract with the developer and he wil listen to the things that need to be fixed
76561198073022833,Recommended,280520,32794755,Posted: 25 June,all,Bub,It's very fun and addicting!
76561198052512195,Recommended,280520,32700511,Posted: 23 June,all,Balint,"This is my first review, just saying.So the game is definietly fun, but you have to endure a lot of bugs, dor example, I went into a dungeon where every monster dealt 9999 damage.The fun comes from the RPG mechanics, there are a ton of skills, for combat and for just exploring.The combat system is pretty good, especially the shield+spear combo.The crafting is okay, I guess I'd enjoy it more if I understood the chaos mechanic.Overall, it's a good game, and hopefully it will become even better, with the upcoming patches."
76561197989680857,Recommended,280520,24070972,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MilkyAfro,Its a good time sink while waiting for starbound to release
,Not Recommended,280520,12369085,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,RawCode,"Singleplayer game with korean MMORPG crafting and generic gameplaysad but trueworst part is long (really long!) list of routine actions player must complete for no good reason:1) Combat is very very repetive and sluggish, magic also very very weak and with hurge countdowns.2) Entire combat is solely level based, with level scaling of everything.random trash mobs 6++ level higher then you likely to oneshot you, no matter what.getting few levels ever without distributing statpoints and well, they are weak again.nothing really matters expect level delta, boring and stupid.3) God damned level locks, don't ever dream to hold ""powerful"" (with different sprite actually) gear before level Xsame for skills and almost everything, this makes game extra slow and eliminates any gameplay options, you must grind, no way around.4) To get ""permission"" to craft anything you must waste your time instead research GUI, damn, worst part of game soo far, also eliminates completely any and all replayability.5) Crafting itself is ""funny"" minigame, sadly, very sadly, you must complete SAME minigame every time you are trying to craft anything, ofc you can click next and get your item without any bonuses, but, this makes game not as fun as it should, as developers balanced level scaling around player who will complete minigame each time to get max bonuses.you are not allowed to bypass minigame by any means, also you are not allowed to automate crafting process.6) And worst design decision ever - all weapons require previous tiers to craft, ALL previous tiers.well, if you ever think about switching your t9 sword to other t9 sword, well, you have to craft sword 7 times AGAIN.i won't mention that low levels require low level crafting components, that may be unavailable..."
76561198061978892,Recommended,280520,33442024,Posted: 10 July,all,Umulon,"Fun, very fun, VERY fun!As a player of several 2D sandbox games, I have found Crea to have similarities to other games of it's genre, but also new, fresh ideas I have had yet to see. What it lacks in building it makes up for in character development; with leveling and talents, you get a better sense of growth than in other games like it.I have noticed some... buggy tendencies, though. For instance, there seems to be a problem with random events and the map; even after they're cleared up, they still mark the map. Also, the hit boxes with the spear seem to be off. The spear's animation suggests it can be swung in all directions, but it only seems to work horizonatly to the player.With the exception of those minor bugs I've discovered, the game is still highly operational, and an excellent choice if you're a fan of either starbound, terraria, or both!"
,Recommended,280520,33546497,Posted: 14 July,all,blate11,"Crea: well, its pretty good.A few problems here and there (not enough mods yet for my liking).I've had quite a few hours of fun with my friends playing this game, tohugh I stopped playing a few months ago to refresh its flavor (I'm starting up again) as I do with all games I play.It has a okay combat system, a great boss system, great dungeons to explore, crafting great gear (bette than just crafting it regularly) requires some skill, which I'm fine with as long as it makes it better than standard, but, last I checked, it can cause 'chaos' to your world and if you craft this way too much, it can make life a living hell, so craft responsibly ^.^"
,Recommended,280520,23526185,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Stttutter,"Great game, better than Terraria and Starbound. Yes, even Terraria.Crea has so much more depth while being a brand new release.I can only imagine the potential the 2 manned dev team can createwith continued support."
,Not Recommended,280520,34357840,Posted: 19 August,all,Mabswer,"Dev Starting another project, So this is running an high risk of being abandonedBuyers Beware."
76561197970583863,Recommended,280520,26471365,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,kavlor,"There are more and more of these type of games,mine stuff,build stuff but Crea adds a lot of originality and give a good feeling of progression.Enemies are interesting as they have different attack styles so you have to find best ways of dealing with them.skills and items are kinda similar to terraria but it has more depth as they are more gradiated and have different elements,also it is more centred around your character as  your character has stats and skills like an ARPG and is not pure item based."
,Recommended,280520,32658696,Posted: 22 June,all,Xannthas,"Sure it's not Terraria, but at least it's more fun than Starbound.Best movement and leveling systems out of any of the Terraria clones, too."
76561198006650802,Recommended,280520,24086893,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Hunter Este,"Since Terraria, I've had a hard time finding a game to scratch the same itch that Terraria covered so well. Crea has sucessfully done this.Kudos to you guys for doing what Starbound failed to do (actually get released) and what Edge of Space fell so flat at.The RPG elements, leveling system, research system, all add to a great crafting/exploring/fighting experience.If you enjoyed Terraria, but felt let down by CrapBound and Edge of Space, then definately give this game a try."
76561198027776872,Recommended,280520,23507693,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,HammaBro,Needs more socialism
76561198055451875,Not Recommended,280520,23538082,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,exorap209,"The UI for this game is probably one of the clunkiest I've ever seen. Not only is it a hassle to just access items and actually build, but it is painfully slow when everything else in the game runs smoothly. For example, if I wanted to place down a torch while exploring, I would need to stop whatever I'm doing, open my inventory, grab the torches, place one down, and put them back in my inventory. In games like Terraria and Starbound, you could have items in a sort of hotbar where you easily access them while on the go, making exploring easier and faster. With Crea it just feels like a chore. Building is no better, with you having slowly place down each block one at a time. And as I mentioned before the UI is horribly slow. When I first entered the game the UI wasn't even there, it took almost a solid minute to appear. I couldn't build, couldn't research, I couldn't even see my inventory. Research is also kind of confusing. The game will tell me that I've unlocked an item, but when I actually try to craft it, its nowhere to be seen. I'm not sure if this is a bug, or maybe I'm just doing something wrong but I have no way of knowing.Besides the UI issues and bugs, the game is okay I guess. I mean I can tell that alot of effort went into making this but in the end it just ends up feeling like a second-rate terraria. It does have alot of original things going for it like the fighting and leveling system. The music and art style are nice too, but as for the game as a whole, I just can't reccomend it. Overall I'd give it maybe a 4-5/10. At least the developer is active and is currently addressing many of the bugs within the game, but in my opinion the game should have stayed in early access."
76561198021400323,Recommended,280520,34114973,Posted: 8 August,all,Synthetic Chromosome,"This game is pretty great,  Just need to find some people to play with. Worth the price 10 fold."
,Recommended,280520,23468998,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Candy Man(Laxxe),"its a pretty damn decent game,"
76561198153261866,Recommended,280520,29228489,Posted: 13 January,all,Trendy ENDy,I origanly left a reivew saying this game was bad but then i figured out the issue and its rather fun.
,Not Recommended,280520,23518441,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Akirawolf,"Nice looking game, with new ideas on the terraria formula.Unfortunately can't recommend at the moment in current state.Once more fixes are in I will be happy to re-visit and re-purchase."
76561198117304110,Recommended,280520,23545420,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Entire Equine,"Crea is a game that is similar to Terraria, but at the same time, quite different. Fans of the Minecraft modding scene may remember a mod called 'Thaumcraft 3', the one where you needed to get materials and research them to unlock more recipies. This game has that as a core element, and it's a feature I quite like.You have an RPG leveling system in here, where you can upgrade your basic stats, attack, damage, magic attack, magic damage, ect.Another plus is that this game actually has a story, unlike Terraria. The tooltips hint at a story, and you also have a book that fills itself in as you complete specific dungeons.It is a bit buggy, but the bugs are very minor.I give it a 7.8/10"
76561197973480888,Recommended,280520,23650407,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SeaCatt,Good Game not GG lol...
76561198171763594,Recommended,280520,22096890,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Anonymous,8/10 rated by the RB loads a bit to slowly
76561198033353849,Recommended,280520,24198964,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BloodSpartan,It is good for the price and if you want something similar to that genre
76561198016003941,Not Recommended,280520,23520613,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,jdgonzo82,"just wanted to put this out there if anyone is looking at picking this up soon - it is terraria and starbound...people are saying it is different but it is not. It is the same game...! Saying this as I was under the impression it was a spin on the usual format...it isn't...you start with nothing, chop wood...walk around and look for ores...slow progression...I would say this is only worth buying if you haven't got Terraria or Starbound...Terraria still feels like the best game of this genre unfortunately..."
76561198048460258,Recommended,280520,25476826,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ackara aka Leon S Kennedy,"Create your apperance and create your world.Be a man or be a woman.Start exploring, get some tools.You need it to collect ores and materials.Create your guns, gear, shields.Be a melee, be a ranger, be a wizard or be a paladin.Who you are is up to you to be.Kill some monsters, for xp or materials.Are you getting stronger?Specc your talents.What are you?Research to get better.How much do you know?You are never alone.Play with friends or make some mannequinns.If you buy it, good luck and enjoy your stay at Crea."
76561197974927402,Recommended,280520,14643468,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,CNN is Isis,"Really good game. Crea stands out among many 2D Terraria-type games with it's fun magic and skills system for some RPG with your crafting exploring and combat. This is a fun game and quite deep and well worth the price.Why this game isn't huge I don't know, it will be I think. The devs are really communicative and nice to the community and open.It doesn't even occur to me when playing the game is in EA, this is one of the good ones, support it!"
,Not Recommended,280520,24374984,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Wieczorek,"This is not a game that you should buy. It was supposed to have left early access a month ago, but don't believe the devs. The game is so unpolished that it is unplayable and I don't mean the bugs (and there is plenty of them). Despite the fact that my computer easily meets the requirements, after a while of playing, the game slows down to the point that it is impossible to continue. And the issue was visible only after around 2 hours of gameplay, so I can't get Crea refunded. I tried playing again later on, the same thing happend. I feel cheated for 13$"
76561197961414846,Not Recommended,280520,23527700,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Onliuge,"Constantly crash, chaos crafting is ridiculously annoying, bad ui choices, irritating map traversing is irritating, and tons o bugs. Wait a while for it to be worked on more."
76561198114081376,Recommended,280520,12665713,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,dsj848,All around good game with so much growing potential.
76561198042455631,Not Recommended,280520,14271609,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,kfv777,"I know that its just early access, but its the most crashy game that I have ever played, and I have been in a lot of failed games..."
,Not Recommended,280520,23504251,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,EeriePancake,The game didnt work for me even though I am way over the system specs. I was really disappointed as it looked great!
,Recommended,280520,23473132,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sonya Penny,Great game
,Not Recommended,280520,18461761,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Mounén🌙,"this game is fiddly and overly complicated for no reasonpracticly every control is a mix of keys, the crafting system is slow and painful to try and usethe level system is mediocer and for those of you with slow computers, good luck playing this game, because those 10 frames are so 'fun' trying to work around"
76561198076528359,Not Recommended,280520,20518687,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ryuka,"In its current state, the game is unplayable on the Mac I currently own (late 2015). Clicking on the resolution or on create world crashes and / or freezes the system, requiring you to force quit the application. I was not even able to start the actual game, could not get past the world creation form."
,Recommended,280520,23564289,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,m_rams,It has a grapling hook.9/10
,Not Recommended,280520,13679952,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Croiss,Pros:+Workshop+SoundtrackCons:-Early Access.-Crashes when you go into fullscreen and startup.-Research stuff in order to build/use.-Can only build wooden houses.-Terrible knockoff of Terraria.-$150/10
,Recommended,280520,32896151,Posted: 27 June,all,wizearse,Its fun!
,Recommended,280520,31986907,Posted: 26 May,all,Tophat Crow,"7/10After spending multiple hours on the newest iteration of this game, my old review really didn't do it justice.  While it still harkens back to its predicesor Terraria, Crea now brings tons upon tuns of amazing features to the 2D sandbox Genre, including one of the most stisfying RPG-esk progression systems I have witnesed in a long while.  While it's combat is a tad static and the game has less songs in its soundtrack than I'm use to hearing in games of this nature, that doesn't stop Crea from behing absolutly worth your time!"
76561198254346647,Recommended,280520,25135870,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,cowboy,"Great Game. Got me completely hooked could do with more items, monsters but time is to come keep up the great work."
76561197985573260,Not Recommended,280520,19237166,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hade,"While I like the concept. I find the game pretty freaking annoying.Once you go into placement mode, can't get out of it. I hit every key on was still stuck in it (most annoying feature).You build a workstation and then you don't know if you're supposed to access it or just be standing over it. I built a workstation, but I couldn't figure out how to access it, and standing right on it, I could still craft the same items.You have to swtch between combat and passive mode, however....You can only have 1 weapon equipped at a time. So if you have a bow and want to switch to a melee weapon it's a pain. You have to open your inventory and manually change weapons and hope you don't get killed in the process.I had no freaking clue how to use my shield to defend myself (lack of help info). Since there is a skill in there about moving while defending with your shield.There's no penalty for dying.You can cast heal on your self, but not in combat. So if you survive combat you can heal yourself.The hot keys and inventory are pretty small. 2 hot keys for weapons (really only 1, shield is equipped all the time). 5 for passive & 5 for spells.On the positive side you can level up your character and skills. However for me it's just not enough to get over the annoyances of the game (expecially placement mode)."
,Recommended,280520,33924989,Posted: 31 July,all,Chris,"REALLY not 4K-ready. UI is tiny even with 200% zoom and 150% UI zoom, very hard to see both the character and on-screen text (playing on 4K laptop). Cursor is extremely laggy and it kills enjoyment, unfortunately. Terraria's UI/text size seems ideal on my screen, so using it as a guideline for 4K screens should be a good start.Very unfortunate, because gameplay is fun and I wish I could play it comfortably."
76561198275325611,Not Recommended,280520,20571869,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JaydnSpark,"I love this game, but after 30 mins things got a little hectic....... the game crashed and i tried playing it again mutiple times(so many my played time went up to an hour) and it still didnt work. This is a major dissapointment considering i really love the game now i literally have no choice but to ask for a refund. And yes ive tried changing things like resolution"
76561198047355590,Recommended,280520,23494332,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Has science gone TOO far?,Terraria meet's an rpg + bosses + skyrim enchanting = R.I.P
,Recommended,280520,25880111,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,lmaobit,"This game is what happens when you combine Terraria with a standard RPG. It's an amazing game that I highly recommend. The game also has good lore to it, which isn't the most common thing in sandbox games like this."
,Recommended,280520,23617313,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ankido,It's a good game.
,Recommended,280520,23512137,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Kid,K
76561198172640226,Recommended,280520,23884455,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Xoduox | trade.tf,"So, Heres A List Of What I Do:> Buy The Game> Download The Game> Launch The Game> Play It For A Bit> Google 'How To Hack Crea'> Hack Crea> Find A Bug   <---------\> Reinstall                        |> Find The Same Bug      |> Crea Crashes                 |> Reistall                           |> Find The Same Bug       |> Crea Crashes                 |> Reinstall                        |10/10 Woud Bug Again"
76561198080615439,Recommended,280520,27374263,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chaosfumes,AWSOME game that i always can come back to and its always beinging updated
,Not Recommended,280520,23528312,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mishra,"Out of early access, millions of bugs. Game crashes all the time, enemies swimming in the air, and items sometimes not even working."
76561198150516711,Recommended,280520,29129641,Posted: 8 January,all,XxDeViLjOexX,"Incredible and the best sandbox ever seen on steam but so much unstable and so many lags , i play offline only for now and ive seen so many lags , patch it fast !"
76561198250089608,Recommended,280520,25612211,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Demon_Slayer,love the game.
,Not Recommended,280520,23495494,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jeisonsan,Lots of frame rate issues and GUI partial loads. Gotta be kiddin me. Refund requested!
,Not Recommended,280520,23513751,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lemming Jesus,Sound doesn't even work.
,Not Recommended,280520,10476689,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,nmss2,"I bought this game thinking that it would combine elements of RPG and terraria, but i was wrong. There is absolutely no RPG or adventure elements in this early access game. The only god saving feature for this game is the art work and music. Game play is pretty superficial at best, much worse than some free online web games with almost zero replayability. My advice is to wait for them to fully release the game and see what features are available."
76561198168989691,Not Recommended,280520,16764884,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rollybutters,Dont buy it its a waste it is very diffucult to get on to a server and i cant figure out how to craft even after looking at several wikis i deserve my money back.
76561198020018180,Not Recommended,280520,28248024,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Smoofy Smoof,Imagine taking all the fun parts of Terraria that gave it personality and you end up with Crea. You know a game is bad when the devs aren't even creative enough to come up with thier own assetts.  They stole about 90 % of the design from Terraria and tacked on a kind of cool level system and packaged it as a new game.
,Recommended,280520,34393286,Posted: 21 August,all,Keweiler,Good relaxing game! you should try it :)
76561198167604961,Not Recommended,280520,24153815,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[ nib judge ] kameronnaxton,"0/10Game keeps crashing when I try play it,"
,Recommended,280520,23489975,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SecGuy,after talking and understanding the process of the modding section.game just got approvedjust need a bit of storyline to go onand sort of super jump item so people could really go all the way up after they digged their grave.
,Not Recommended,280520,23780923,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Super Alexa,Enemies are not scary or dangerous
76561198208497488,Not Recommended,280520,23492406,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Papyrus,It wont let me open up the game againplz fix i dont want this 13 dollars to go to waste but its a good game (if you can get in)
,Not Recommended,280520,12274261,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,A complete lack of in-game guidance and a crafting system where everything (and I meaneverything) is hidden behind a glorified RNG gate makes Crea one of the most boring sandboxes I've ever played.
76561198068697390,Not Recommended,280520,23717394,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Marls19,"Nothing new here, aside for the anoying level up system that doesn't allow you to carft thing that you need/deserve. My take on that system is that they should've only done it in combat regard only, don't think i'm gonna keep playing until it has mayor improvements"
76561198093003510,Recommended,280520,29109570,Posted: 7 January,all,BBeastyPlayz,i bought this game hoping it would work but when i bought it it wouldnt stop flashing it flashed so much i couldnt play plz people fix thisbut if that didnt happen i do think this game is a lot like terraria so if you like games like that you will love this.
76561198118594111,Not Recommended,280520,18535161,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kokokral,Bugs Bugs Bugsand afterBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGS
,Not Recommended,280520,29239461,Posted: 13 January,all,Catpan,"It's like if WoW met Terraria, then gave it Workshop. It's an okay game, but it's a little laggy and I can definitely see some bugs - for example, I simply clicked my magic abilities with my mouse and they vanished! I had to make a new character, as I basically couldn't progress. The price is too high for what the game's worth. It's an okay game, but I don't really recommend it."
,Recommended,280520,23527823,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,« F o X .,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
,Not Recommended,280520,23522454,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Lilin,"Refunded for the horrible zoom/resolution alone.This game was clearly made for a 640x480 monitor.Any use of the inbuilt zoom made the game extremely blurry and strained our eyes.I'm sure the game is fun, if it was playable.Go ahead and try it if you have a low resolution monitor like on a laptop, otherwise stay away!"
,Not Recommended,280520,23527893,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mommakatof2,"This game won't even run, it just crashes every time I try to play."
76561198098457852,Not Recommended,280520,10412448,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,bhead3,"it doesn't work, doesn't load in the new update 0.9.0 fix please! I will probably delete it until it is fixed"
76561198006112905,Not Recommended,280520,14801655,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Magritte,cant ceaft. nothing research
76561198038898844,Recommended,280520,26491066,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ArsenicFire,A good alternative to other open world sandbox games.
,Not Recommended,280520,16905927,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,AdelmoAde,"Games as similar as my refund request,Unresponsive and awaiting return.IGN Never Again."
,Not Recommended,280520,11246400,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Dizzy,This game has far too many bugs not in game but the client doesnt run full screen also flickers alot i thought this was going to be good for £10.99 which is alot for these type of games now i have never wrote a bad review about a game but my god this is bad.
76561198170599425,Not Recommended,280520,14628761,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,The Real Cheesecurl,A complete waste.
76561197978838472,Not Recommended,280520,23519962,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ravo,"Game won't run in Linux. Community is helpful but ultimately got nowhere. Had to boot into Windows to try it. In Windows I had sound issues.I can't recommend this game unless the game is playable, and right now it's not playable."
,Not Recommended,280520,31576926,Posted: 6 May,all,Angry,"Windows 10 x64, crashes on launch."
76561198081565692,Not Recommended,280520,11247210,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,tarantulas729,i thought it would be a good game but i dont even know i launched the game then it goes itno a white screen with black on the sides and then it exits so i cantt even play the game
76561198040329380,Not Recommended,280520,31876995,Posted: 21 May,all,a bowl of spagoot,"I dont really recommend this game not because of some stupid issue that everyone is whining about its because... well to put it simply... it bored me. This is pretty much the FIRST time that this has happened to me in gaming and ive checked the wiki on how to do anything but.. I just dont understand anything!. Realms, Crystals, PORTALS, WHAT?!?!? I just dont know how to do anything and i've checked and triple checked the wikis on what the f*ck im supposed to do and honestly... i just dont know! I mean I got this for my birthday but my mum paid 14.99 US for this and we live in Australia so its a bit pricey because of prices for the dollar going up and down and stuff but I dont know maybe with simpler crafting recipies and a more DETAILED wiki this could be fun or at least less boring. I dont know thats just my opinion"
76561198021563890,Not Recommended,280520,23650580,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GovmentCheese,Were is the water splash effect.
,Not Recommended,280520,31767262,Posted: 15 May,all,Matoi Ryuuko,"If you are a terraria fan, go play minecraft insteadRefunded"
76561198063865341,Not Recommended,280520,23523685,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Jacky LMAO xD,"this game sucks, there's no hunger or needs... i feel like immortal here and if you die you get all your loot with you... so when i want to tele to base just go suicide... insta tp"
76561197974772642,Not Recommended,280520,29784464,Posted: 8 February,all,BBlade,It's so sLooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow...............
76561198258331316,Recommended,280520,26472748,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Wommol,HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHH BEST THEN TERRARIA LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL NOICE GRAPHICS
,Not Recommended,280520,23540387,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Kistesved,Not my kind of game.
,Not Recommended,280520,22073523,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,VinValentine,"DO NOT BUY THIS!I sat here for five fragging minutes trying to figure out how the HELL TO EVEN FIGHT.Starbound, Terraria, HELL... Exanima!These games are rather simple. Avoid getting hit.This?It gives no tutorial on how the hell to avoid attacks, to block or even use your spells. I understand you are level one, but for christs sake, EVEN OBLIVIONS FIRST FIREBALL COULD KILL A RAT!Waste your money if you like, its your choice and I did my duty as a gamer to warn others. SCREW THIS GAME."
76561198209554685,Not Recommended,280520,25119162,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,They're Gonna Penis Ur Bottem,this game is not worth the money
76561198116005906,Recommended,280520,25695368,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BaeD,This is a videogame that i played.
76561198027981165,Not Recommended,280520,26468720,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NoTailKisame,yo my heal is bugged i cant select it fix it this game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198293592910,Not Recommended,280520,34022637,Posted: 4 August,all,Tater Tot,sooo boring
76561198153727091,Not Recommended,280520,28553768,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Olan,"this game was really bad, don't get this game"
76561198142451795,Not Recommended,280520,23531743,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FredBoat,boring
,Not Recommended,280520,21924459,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Boxtacular,"Edit: post EA it doesn't seem to have fixed a lot of its issues that I thought would be quashed before official release. Unfortunately I can't recommend the game as it is, it lacks a point to it and feels grindy because there isn't really a goal (bosses, accomplish X/Y/Z). Perhaps future patches will fix it up, but for now, thumbs down. EA Review below.Terraria-like game with actual progression, based on what you do. Gathering increases your gathering skill which will give you points to improve your speed/power/etc while gathering. Same thing with combat, exploration, and crafting.Personally I REALLY love character-based progression, so this game clicked with me despite being a bit clunkly to play. I'd recommend giving it a try if you enjoy Terraria-like games (2D Minecraft), though I suspect that some people will not enjoy the level-based progression.Some cons would include a complaint here that archery feels bad (arrow drop is overtuned IMO), the starting stamina is really really bad, and I do wish there was some kind of quest-based progression as well (a la Terraria or Starbound). However, the game is in EA so it could very well improve over time.So far, 7/10, I am satisfied with what I bought."
,Recommended,280520,23853041,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,digibluez,"Crea is great, if you like terraria , try this out, has some RPG elements like leveling and recepies. Also bossfights"
,Recommended,280520,28609846,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Darkness Zombie,"It has been over an year since I posted my negative review on Crea, my main issue about the game having been its performance issues. I am now glad to say that the developers have finally fixed it and, from what I've read, have been working towards improving performance further! I can't say how much more content they've added but I want to shift my negative review into a positive one.It seems they have not only improved the game a lot but they have added a lot of things, too. The title screen is far better, the gameplay more fluid, and hopefully the dungeons and bosses have something more rewarding. Even if they don't I still have to recommend Crea at this point!Why? The leveling system is still highly appealing, the fact that just exploring grants you adventuring EXP to further your exploration skills? It's a nice touch. But this isn't the only reason. The crafting system is really in depth, and isn't the usual 'you automatically know how to do this' stuff. And, lastly, the developers are very involved. The day after my negative posts they were asking for information, even left a tool in game, to try and fix the performance issue.So, again, I feel like Crea is worth it. If you want a good game, with good developers, this is your game.PAST REVIEW: I'm going to be blunt and honest. This game is fun, it has a worthwhile system. Everything you do grinds towards experience, you have a combo system on weapons and you have some neat magic. But, at the same time, it's still only worth being called an ""Early Access"" game. 1.2? It should still be in beta!The resourcing on this game is horrid. I have a 3.4GHZ, twice the minimal, with 8 GBS or ram. My graphics is more than capable but, regardless, I never get above 30 FPS. And the 30? It's there for a second before dropping back down to ten, if not lower. I wanted to like this game, I really did. I played till I even had silver gear! But I can't do it, it's too laggy.The developers do have a good idea of what they're doing but, as a lot of people said, the 'bosses' aren't worth doing. Dungeons are bland. Once they improve on the content and performance of the game? It's worth getting. But as it stands you'd be better off buying Planet Centauri, and it's still in beta. But Terraria is even better.If you can get it for cheap, and I mean less than $5, then I'd say Crea MIGHT be worth it. Otherwise? You're be better off looking elsewhere."
76561198082540541,Recommended,280520,32524241,Posted: 17 June,all,mr.elmo,love the game alot feels like terraria  :P also try it out!
76561198272305649,Recommended,280520,25681105,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,jakes.rofl.stomp,aMAZEing
