user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198010674392,Recommended,280600,18172437,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,incesant,"Found a game breaking glitch at the beginning of the game and posted it on the forum, dev responded and had it fixed in about an hour.I would recommend this game even without that, but to see a 1 man development ""team"" being so responsive compelled me to actually take a minute of my time to write this and recommend the game.11/10 would lust for blood again"
,Recommended,280600,15484543,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,DawnrazorDCLXVI,"This is the crowning jewel of pre-release games. I kid you not.Day one, I found an exploit and two major bugs that could have wrecked the game. I pointed them out on the game forum. Day two, they were gone. The very next day I pointed out a couple interface anomolies, such as highlighting the slots where you place pieces of armor. Day three, they were gone. I pointed them out, and within the next six hours a patch arrived that addressed *minor* annoyances, and let me assure you they were minor--this is a pre-release game. I did not expect it to run well on my PC. I did not expect it without bugs.No, I expected it to be a good game that required polish. Apparently, ONE designer did this whole game! If that's not polish, I'm not sure how teams of 17+ can complain. As far as gameplay, this is Vampire: the Masquerade: Bloodlines meets Diablo, as other reviewers have pointed out. What they have not pointed out is the nuances of dungeon crawling, such as secrets to be discovered, minor puzzles, and side areas nobody gets to discover. They even have lockpicking, keys, doors that require opening, and traps for the unwary adventurer. See? Diablo, this is not. It comes across as a homage to World of Darkness, in its raw form, but streamlined down to a very narrow interface which is easy-to-learn, hard-to-master. If you like vampires.If you like dark fantasy.If you like traditional fantasy.If you like MMOs.If you like RPGs.If you like sci-fi.If you like Chinese soap operas.If you like dhampires.If you like your mother.Hell, if you like anything about PRE-release gaming, or even just gaming in general, BUY THIS IMMEDIATELY. If I could hold ten thumbs up I would! I can only hope the game progressively gets better from here. I feel I have gotten my full money's worth. A cinema ticket costs less! Seriously. Buy it! Games deserve this type of dev support. That's even without the synergy, and gameplay balance, here--that combine to make this video game more than the sum of its parts.Even in its pre-release form, this is shaping up to be a visceral, and pulse-pounding (forgive the pun) experience. No kidding! Buy.Just. Click. It.EDIT: I have just gotten into the city areas. I will continue this review as I go. As it stands, the dev support alone has me sold on that movie theater ticket. ;)UPDATE 9/27/2015 (Shortly after Release):I cannot update my original opinions without altering the original review, so as of now, the visuals lack, but the gameplay is nicely polished. It adds up to a more action oriented experience than Bloodlines, but with more depth and sophistication than Diablo. I would ding it slightly for not being as polished as a commercial release, but that is where that ends. In spite of graphics, this is a monumental achievement for one man. For the price of a movie ticket, you get a first-person Diablo, in a World of Darkness-type setting, that nails gameplay and displays polish. Please note this is an independent release, and I think the price tag nicely suits it, though I would have paid $29.95 for the gameplay I got out of it, minus that other games are now haunting my time (Beware of Steam sales!) In conclusion, I would not buy it purely for boredom, but it is one of those ""in-between"" games where you can engage your RPG addiction before moving onto the dozen or so commercial releases stacked in your library. I would nicely rank it 8/10. Maybe an 8.5 if you like vampires or ARPGs."
76561198039542610,Recommended,280600,14733136,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sisyphus,"I really like this game.From a technical point of view, it's pretty terrible. The graphics are really dated, the writing/script is generally bad, the characters are awkward (the player character's totally goofy flashlight pose almost turned me off from getting the game altogether), you use a flashlight despite being a nocturnal predator, the voice acting is painful most of the time, combat is awkward, and the equipment system makes you look utterly ridiculous (my PC is running around in a metal vest, goggles and a tophat with a medieval spiked morning star. I'd feel awkward at a cosplay event in that costume, let alone as an immortal predator.. if I weren't Malkavian).But someone has needed to make this game for a long time. Since Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, in fact.There are several things this game does which no other game has even attempted. The first is the lineage system. You can bite humans, turn them into your undead servants, and then have them act as your bodyguard or send them to check the pockets of your fallen enemies for you. You can even get them to bite other humans, creating a lineage of Vampires with you at the center. This is a very simple idea, but awesome. A Vampire game where you can actually have minions? Yes, please.It has its own form of a politics system. There are a handful of Vampire clans and your standing with each one determines what kinds of supernatural powers you can develop (and other things).The powers are well-thought out and enjoyable and, most importantly, very different. They're what carry the game, from a design standpoint. You have the mobility of a Vampire, able to jump great distances... past traps or upwards 15 feet to reach beyond human bounds. You can turn to mist and walk through gates and fences, you can summon a will o wisp to trip levers or scout around corners for you... and many other things.Each of the three classes (warrior, thief, mage) has its own starting power options, but you can theoretically learn any 'class' during a single playthrough since it's only constrained by stats and your reputation with the clans.And, since the powers are diverse, interesting (even game-changing in some cases), and broken up by the political system, you need to cultivate favor with certain clans to get access to the really good stuff.While everything else about the game can be off-putting, it does include a number of innovative desgins which I'd really like to see more often, and which I have no problems supporting. Although there are a lot of things I don't like about the game, I've been waiting for a long time for a Vampire game where you can pick up some alcohol-sodden bum, give him a battle axe and a taste of blood, and send him at your enemies. Bloodlust lets you do that.I really wish someone would have slapped whoever was responsible for the name and said 'Come on! Nobody thinks that sounds cool,' though."
,Recommended,280600,17404372,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"I bought this on a whim and it's worth it.  For those who are wanting to know if it's like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines...I hesitate to say yes, but it might scratch that same itch.You start off creating your character.  Choose between Vampire/Dhampir, Warrior/Witch/Criminal, and male/female.  Then you get some stat points to throw around, and you're thrown into the game which seems to have a fairly decent story.  There's also a surprising amount of voice acting in the game, every character is fully voiced.The combat is a bit clunky and awkward, but still fun.  Besides a weapon and flashlight you will get some skills at the start, and can get quite a few more over time as you level up.  There are also skills used for things outside of combat, such as finding secrets (and there are a lot of secrets for those who enjoy hunting for that sort of thing).As you encounter more NPCs and enemies, and do more quests, you can gain influence with various clans.  The dialogue with NPCs is pretty decent, and you'll get some different options if you spec into the right stats too.The game is rough around the edges, but seems to be a hidden gem and I've enjoyed every minute of it so far."
,Recommended,280600,18318326,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"Don't let the indie look and feel (and price) fool you.  This game is very deep first-person ARPG, filled with more randomly-generated items and dungeons than you can shake a cross at.  There's a thin main story (some nonsense about going after your vampiric sire) but the meat of the game is buried in vast roguelike dungeons where you'll use your own vampiric powers and weapons to mercilessly slaughter legions of the undead, monsters, and other trash.  The game is easy to pick up and play, and the ingame tutorials will get you up to speed quickly, although there's a few game systems that you'll need to puzzle out during your own play time.It's not all just hack and slash, though.  Bloodlust also tosses in helping helpings of alchemy, crafting, and other activities to spice up the grind.  There's really nothing really new here -- BloodLust is, at its core, a very familiar ARPG grind -- but the unexpected level of polish by this one-man-band production is very surprising.  Highly recommended, and there are some major studios out there who could learn from this game!"
76561198035054806,Recommended,280600,16950268,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,sara_bear,"Early Access ReviewYes this game is under construction. There will be bugs from time to time. But from personal experiance I can tell you the developer works on fixing any problems reported. I got a nice 12 hour turnaround on my issue.So far in it's current state.ConsGraphics slightly crunchy. By that I mean edges can be rough in areas especially those dark dungeons. It's not bad, but I hope for eventual tweeking.The auto save only aspect. I'd personally would love a save where you will additon. Especially for those quests.Only 3 character types. But be aware with development there's a nice ablity to tweek this.ProsGood combat system.Nice skill development system with a  nice talent tree; basically a well designed character development system overall.Clan system will be familar to anyone who ever played a certain Vampire roleplaying game.Story line is excellent.Basically if you ever wanted a good RPG dungeon crawler Vampire themed game you have to try this. Though in development even this early addition is a joy to play."
76561197981558705,Recommended,280600,18141702,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,☭Eden Code☭,"BloodLust Shadwhunter is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Vampire the Masquerade and Diablo that both amazes and disappoints me at the same time.*PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING IS BASED ON MY AND ONLY MY OPINIONS*The first thing you'll probably notice when browsing through this game's steam page is the relatively lacklustre screenshots. Yes... the visuals are.... lacking to say the last. However, don't let that fool you though as the game's real charm is hidden under its layers of ugliness. Graphics settings will let you tamper with texture, AA and resolution settings to a certain extent; although, I found that with everything maxed my fps hitches a bit everytime I use a spell that produces clouds on the ground. With a GTX 770, this really shouldn't be happening with these kind of visuals. Enemy design is blurry and unimaginative although some well placed monster spawns do give you a heartbeat spike while you're dungeon crawling. Animations are stiff at best while more than a few cases of figures clipping through walls.The game has a small town area that you will be able to explore during the story as well as some prostitues/hobos to suck blood from or turn into your family. Past that is where the real juice of this game is. There is a well fleshed out randomly generated dungeon system in this game filled with traps, treasures, monsters, etc. It's actually quite charming to go into the depths and worry about being making the decision to go further or turn back while you still have the chance. When your hp goes to 0, you will get knocked out. During that time, you can either choose to wake up where you were or spawn in the last safe zone. The caveat is that your body may have been looted while you were down.The class system is basic with 3 in total. There are skill and talent trees that will let you have some diversity in builds. I felt that weapons are extremely restricted to certain classes though as each weapon type usually requires you to heavily invest in one of the three main combat stats. Warriors usually invest in strength to get more dps, witch with charisma, etc. I got a gun early on that required 50 points in strenght and another sword that wanted 30 in agi. These are stats that I wouldn't ever invest in as I picked the witch class. Another odd deisgn choice was separating persuasion from charism. Persuation has its own stat while charisma increases your magic... Lastly is the game's family system. You can suck someone's blood and build your own family. You need to level up the blodo sucking skill to increase family size and your minions have their own stats and skills you can upgrade. As a result of this however, they feel like faceless npc's with no personality.Overall, I highly recommend this game given its low price. While a one person developer certainly doesn't excuse its faults it does engender some sympathy for the lack of resources."
76561198021613237,Recommended,280600,18141366,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,A.Z.,"Very similar to VTMB (which is one of my all time favorite RPG games), except with a bigger emphasis on action and exploration with secret doors, traps, hidden walls, etc. While not having as many options for character models or clans, you are able to choose your breed instead of just the basic vampire. Seriously liking this game. The only thing I personally don't like is the save system. I was used to the old manual save style where you could choose when to save, with F5 and F9 quick save/load always at the ready. This game uses the traditional dungeon crawler save system in where everything you do is automatically saved, making the choices you make kinda final.+ Wonky but fun hack and slash combat where in my character would use the special jump attack, only to get a derp face after getting slapped by a zombie mid-air lol.+ Voice acting. Yes, lots and lots of voice acting!+ Sire system in where you can manage your minions and bloodline.+ Being able to choose who you want to side with.+ Being able to choose your character's breed.+ Way more inventory options and items than VTMB.+ Interesting characters.+/- As I previously mentioned, I am personally not a fan of the save system but that's just me.Overall this is a diamond in the rough, and hopefully the devs are able to hammer out more issues within the game. So even more people get to appreciate it."
76561198094186846,Recommended,280600,15944542,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Sir Whiskers,"First things first: This is not Vampire the masquerade: XXXX, or anything like it (apart from the overall look and aesthetics of this title, although it is very reminiscing of the Vampire games) this is an action RPG where you delve into dungeons to find loot and complete quests, wich will help you with the main story line.Every single bug i pointed as been fixed within 24h, the developer(it's only one, very impressive) actually listens and replies to your complaints. 10/10 for support.The gameplay, apart from the main story line (wich will entertain you for 20h+), revolves around delving into deep (200+ floors!) dungeons(and now a creepy asylum) to dig up loot and pimp your character like many action RPGs. 10/10 for action RPG dungeon delving monster killing looting experience.There are 3 classes to pick from(Warrior, Criminal(Rogue/thief like) and Witch), although there is the possibility to invest in whatever skills and stats you want, the class you choose will award you with an initial boost to your intended stat and skill set (and clan reputation) and give you a different look, you can also choose to be a Vampire,a Dhampir or a Shadowhunter wich will increase/decrease certain resistances and affect other things.You can also pierce your nose to insert a baby-pin while wearing a top hat and a XVth century plague mask. 10/10 for weird customization purposes.If you want to play Diablo in Bloodlines' world this is it.TL:DR:YESEDIT: Changed some stuff to include updated content (Being a Shadowhunter i.e)PS: This game has so many updates that i would have to at least update the review every few days, since i'm a lazy fellow i'll just recommend it and you will buy it because it's cheaper than some online game's monthly subscriptions! And it gets more attention than those."
,Recommended,280600,14730092,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,mirta000,"Think of this as a better version of Vampire The Masquerade Redemption :)so far only got out of the starter area, however while where to go was tricky to find out, it's not impossible to solve on your own, the combat works quite well (I chose to be a witch), so far my fireballs are super effective and my minion tanks for me!minor grievances:- I crashed once. The game saves often for you, so I had no problems picking it back up again though.- some areas make my FPS drop right down, only lasts for a few seconds.- my minion has the worst pathfinding ever, I have to keep on using ""come to me""however, the game is in early access, I imagine everything will be fixed in due time.If you enjoyed Vampire The Masquerade Redemption (combat is closer to that one than to bloodlines, though in this one you will always hit if you aim right, it's just a question on how much damage you will do),  I definitely recommend it!"
76561198032262967,Recommended,280600,19193494,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,bronner,A very nice game that can be played for many hours if you explore the dungeons.I enjoyed my minions (especially Walter) and the creative monsters.Extremely well woth the money.Kudos to the developer who seemed to do the game by himself.
76561198007779453,Recommended,280600,16627665,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,P@N,"After 115 hours of gameplay I decided that it is time to write a small review about a well made classic WOD game.StoryIn Bloodlust Shadowhunter you are playing a newborn fledgling woken up in the middle of some ruins. Having no idea about what has /is happening he starts seeking the meaning of his existence. Fortunately he got help by a voice that is talking and guiding him in the beginning.CharacterIn the very first minutes you can select to be a male or female vampire or a dhampir (ok, dhampir sounds funny). A Dhampirs is half vampire, half human, that means he is a bit weaker as a regular vampire, but he also requires less blood and is more resistant to fire, light  and silver.Once this is done you must now choose one of three classes that are warrior, witch, criminal (melee, casting or ranged class). Each of them provides you with different attributes: Strength, dexterity, charisma, vitality, intelligence and persuasion. Ok, now that the easy part is done you have to ""Roll the dice"" untill your most favorable stats are shown (I always loved this feature) stats like Health, Stamina and Reputation will be determined here and you can reroll till you get the most powerfull combination fitting to your playstyle.Most of the stats are self-explanatory but some are more important to progress faster in-game.-Persuation is one stat you should always spend some points because it enables you many dialog options that can help you saving a lot of work and time.-Intelligence increases the chance of getting talent points when leveling up. These are used in your talent tree that is randomly generated everytime you create a new character. It becomes visible only after you have created your character!  Everytime you level up you receive 5 attribute points and 1 skill point +randomly 1 talent point (inteligence lvl /2).FeaturesThe npc's in Bloodlust are mostly clanmembers of different clans. We got Vangres, Shadistin, Vurkas, Scades and Furlores. If you manage and make them to like you (using persuasion, do quests) your reputation with their clan will increase and enable clan related skills that can be purchased with your skill points. Some clans are more important to warrior classes (Vangres) some more important to caster (Vurkas) and some more to criminals (Scades).Create your own clan (family)One highlight of this game is the ability to sire humans by drinking their blood.Once they become a member of your family you can send them to do various errands for you like collecting loot, collecting blood, assisting in combat and getting more family (victims). I managed to sire 4 and everyone got 10 victims. So I got a nice family of 44 members. In the latest versions you get extras for having more members (like another penthouse and more).Explore and DungeoncrawlYou can follow the mainstory with quest and many sidequests but you can also start exploring the city with all the hidden switches and walls or climb down into the sewers and dungeons. Every dungeon map is randomly generated and has a lot of puzzles and traps to survive.Below you can see how my lvl 110 Vampire had some fun with a few sired members.at Dungeon level 219 (low quality)https://youtu.be/P6UkUu-1hVYGraphicseven if I am spoiled by ""high end graphic games"" I had a wonderfull experience with this ""retro Unreal engine"" game because of the great lightning and atmosphere. You feel the darkness in the city (since you are a vampire it is allways night) and the sound fits perfectly to this darkness. This helps you oversee the lack of npc variations and textures.It didn't took me 115 hours to conclude that the game is worth his money but I wanted to make a complete review and everytime I was about to start my review the developers updatet the gamecontent adding more features and this daily!"
,Recommended,280600,29668610,Posted: 3 February,all,🐧 crow,"I love Vampire Bloodlines. Everyone loves it. This game is not VTMB, but that doesn't mean it isn't good or worth your time. Sure, the writing isn't as good, but it's still got a lot of fun or clever bits that show the dev wants you to enjoy his game (also the dev is a cool dude, his name is Bill, you should tell him you liked his game). It goes whole-hog on the whole vampires are ridiculous goths angle, and you can find ancient enchancted nose piercings or spiked goth collars or whatever. You can get terrible tattoos from a dingy tattoo parlor TO BOOST YOUR POWERS AND VAMPIRIC MIGHT. You can turn a hobo into a vampire and make him your slave, but he will still be a hobo so he'll be kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's hilarious and also pretty fun! I recommend it entirely. Also, Bill says he's working on a sequel, which is good news to anyone who loves dumb vampire stuff. Check it out!"
,Recommended,280600,15141723,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,thedarkwhatever,"This game has got to be one of the most refreshing on steam. thru the abundance of the millions of early access (crap) games. this is truly one of the only games that deserves its early access status. the game includes hours of dungeon crawling gameplay (of which i am waiting upon completion of the game to continue) reminiscent of a 3rd person ARPG. Hack/Slash and loot. if youre a fan of the genre definitely worth a look, also the Dev updates this game almost every day and is contantly helping us out on the forums.9/10Will be updating the review now that the game is out of Early Acess...stay tuned."
76561198037805075,Recommended,280600,14738678,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sovereign,"Like a Durian, this game looks ugly, stinky... but tasty! quite interesting game.Obviously targeted for VTMB fans. if you are, I'll recommend this.However, srsly Dev guys,you need MUCH better voice actors. I'll count this as one of the world's WORST voice acting."
,Recommended,280600,14735171,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Res,"Rough as all hell in nearly every aspect, yet so very promising and quite exceptional.I never really found myself ever feeling frustrated with the game, I just felt engrossed within it and was enjoying the absolute hell out of it. There are a few balancing issues gameplay wise, and the game is buggy as all hell. Yet I can't find myself not loving it.More polish and this can become a very well put together, though insanely rough little RPG. Seriously, freakin buy this!It's worth the cash, bigtime worth it. Like seriously, $10? Gaaah.If you like dungeon crawlers get it, if you like the Masquerade games get it, and if you want a surreal yet somehow great experience get it."
76561197970712242,Recommended,280600,15246231,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ithaqua,"I really like this game, it's exactly what I was looking for. Sort of a first person Diablo, with a modern vampire setting. The game is easy to understand, challenging in the right way and strikes a very good balance between tension and reward. I worked on the World of Darkness paper based RPG back in the day as an illustrator and this brings back fond memories of that as well. If you're wondering if you should buy this game the answer is ""Yes""."
76561198215461792,Recommended,280600,18834426,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,rubyismycat,This game is very flawed but i love it. Its as close as you can get to vampire mascarade redemption in this decade of total mediocrity but if u can get that game and play it do if not this is the next best game out there i give this 7 out of 10 it could easily become 10 out of ten with some simple changes.1 minions need totally reworking into actual characters with good ai full equipment and skills at the moment they suck2minions need to have a personality so u feel like theyre ur friends not just slaves3shops need to carry enough identify scrolls and bullets4 A few cutsenes to make u care about the story would be niceBut otherwise this game is just fabulous!
76561198158961587,Recommended,280600,14959418,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,lqtfoca,"First of all, you have to consider that THIS IS NOT A GAME BASED ON THE WORLD OF DARKNESS WORLD, so it isn't related at all with Vampire Masquerade Bloodlines, or Vampire Masquerade Redemption. Nevertheless, it reminds of these two games pretty much on several details, like it is set in an urban modern vampire's underworld, it's pretty atmospheric, it's pretty much a role game that allows you to make choices and it features a bunch of vampire clans with its own habilities.But BloodLust: Shadowhunter is pretty much a game on its own: it displays an open world, dungeon-crawler-oriented universe with a number of NPCs, plenty of loot-searching and dungeon-crawling exploration (dungeons are large and may have up to 200 levels).On the down side, when you play the game you soon realize some features are a bit rough round the edges and need more polish: the graphics aren't bad, but they are a bit out of date. So are some mechanics, models, aesthetics and animations, but still, they are ok and they show a certain amout of detail in their design. The voice-acting is good, considering it's an amateur work, but could be much better and more varied if the developers spent some money on hiring professional actors.As an early access game, it is common to find glitches and bugs still, but as a whole, the game is quite solid and playable at this moment, and most of the bugs are being fixed by the developer.In sum, the game needs polish and could reach a very high standard if more people would be involved in the development (most of the work has been done by just one person, which, given the final result, is really impressive).On the up side, the game is pretty atmospheric and dark, and you play some sort of vampire ""tomb raider"", so you constantly depend on flashlights. Dumb idea, considering you control a vampire and they can see in the dark? Not really, the dependency on flashlights really adds atmosphere to the gameplay, more considering enemies tend to spawn from the air at every corner, and otherwise you're alone in the dark and won't see a thing except distant lights and glowing eyes gazing at you.The combat mechanics are quite decent and as a vampire you have plenty of fancy powers and abilities to use against your enemies. You also have the ability to sire some NPCs, command them to carry out different tasks and make your own clan. There's also a vampire clan system, so you can allign with one or another clan and improve your renown among them (which translates into learning their habilities).BloodLust: Shadowhunter is a more straight-forward game than VM. Bloodlines, it lacks a bit of its charisma or personality, but in some ways it takes the game experience further and expands it, in comparison with the Vampire Masquerade game.All in all, BloodLust: Shadowhunter offers hours and hours of exploration, fighting, looting, dungeon-crawling and good fun, if you are ready to forgive the usual glitches and unfinished and out of date look of some models and mechanics. Still, consider it is an early-access game and is still beta, and the developer is working hard to polish things and fix bugs in an almost daily basis...For me, it is definitely a game worth playing, and an ambitious and promising one. If you like proper vampire games, give it a try. In the end, this is the only serious attempt to a good vampire pc game we have had in years -and a successful one."
76561197985169161,Recommended,280600,15500187,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,rilzi,"This is a pretty awesome game. Graphics are decent - remind me of Vampire Bloodlines which is pretty good for a dungeon crawler - gameplay reminds me of Hellgate London if that game had been good. Basically imagine a third person Diablo in the Vampire the Masquarade world.Looting is fun and adictive. I've only played two of the three character types (witch and criminal) and they play very differently, and I've seen enough of their skill trees to see that even within the types you could build your character to be as specialized or general as you'd like.Voice acting is fine from what I saw, combat is as good as any of these  types of games with decent range of magic, melee, and ranged weapons. There's an interesting 'sire' game componant, where you can turn people into your minions - I haven't played the game enough to do much with it but it does pose intrieging posibilities.What more can I say? It's in early access, which in this case is a good thing, because the game is a lot of fun as is, and the idea that there is a lot more to come is a entising one. At the time of this review I've only played around 1.5 hours, so I've only scratched the surface, but I can't wait to see what else this game has to offer. The only thing I'd like to see (which admittedy may be in the game and i simply haven't seen it yet) is some 'outside' areas - towns and non combat hubs similar to Diablo 2, Bloodlines, etc.  Right now it's all dungeon crawl and nothing else. Bringing in some hubs would be good.Edit - about 15 minutes on and I've reached the above ground hub area :) Yep, I've pretty much got no complaints - best game since Vampire Bloodlines."
,Not Recommended,280600,18334652,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,bladechild,"I dunno. I don't really want to give the game a bad review per se, but I just can't recommend it. If I were to go by the general rating systems used by mainstream gaming sites, it would be in the 6/10 range. It's really commendable one guy made it and all, but the game is essentially a mediocre rendition of several gameplay elements, and pretty lackluster visuals.I don't really mean the poor textures either. Rather, the whole scale of the game, maps and field of vision just seem weirdly constructed relative to the player. Everything in the hub areas feel very claustrophobic and simply dumped there to tick a checklist of what needs to be in a game requiring objective locations. (oddly enough, Bloodlines had a similar feeling, but the gameworld was like 100 times more fleshed out, so it worked).The combat is incredibly clunky and plays out in an awkward, third person hack and slash style. I'm sure attacks being halted if an enemy hits you is intentional, but it just plays out in a very sluggish and turgid way. Attacks don't even seem to connect when doing damage. The physics are as such, that you never feel in controls of combat. You may as well stand there and play it as if you were playing an MMO.Character growth is just bizarre and stats seem to progress with the intention of minutely progressing a pretty selective path. Rather than making a 'build', you feel like your character isn't really going anywhere other than being able to utilize one of a few methods of play. When STR and DEX do almost nothing to help your damage/defense capabilities, you have a problem. The talent tree promises a nice random factor, but comes across as rather redundant as a whole.The random dungeons are really well done and perhaps are the most worthy aspect of the game. The problem is everything around it; the questing, the story, leveling up, and general sense of accomplishment just didn't make me feel all that invested, or interested to keep going. The story is just stale, the characters around all feel like bad extras who turned up with no director to give them any degree of motivation or method. Characters running around idle in the hub area just so you can constantly bite them without any consequence is incredibly dumb too.Also, I've no idea how this game is coded, but it EATS resources. My rig feels like it's going to explode as soon as you load the game up, and it's specs are way above being decent.All in all, this is merely for old school RPG enthusiasts. If you liked some of the RPGs from yesteryear like VTM:BL and Arx Fatalis, there may be a very rough gem here for you. If you're selective about what RPGs you play, you'll probably not enjoy this, and will get rather frustrated early on."
,Recommended,280600,23286846,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,writer2036,Reminiscent of Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodliines only it seems to do things better in some ways and feels much more open ended and fun. Lots of skills to get which alter with every playthrough. Different races and classes to choose from is a nice feature too.  There is also bit of Character Customization options but they are a bit limited. But for the price you get a lot of game and enjoyment. This game is highly recommended.
,Recommended,280600,15712192,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Spazfrag,"Recommended.   Clearly are game created with a ""Nod"" to Vampire the masquerade: Bloodlines"", but only enough to give a similar atmosphere while still delivering a different game which stands high on it's own.Graphics and animation are merely ""Okay"", but once again, somehow fitting as a throw back to the buggy but beloved Bloodlines.Overall I enjoyed my time with the game at release, and would recommend it to fans of vampire games and quest driven dungeon crawlers.Also, Kudos to the Dev for frequent updates and listening to the players, something that a lot of early access titles seem to lack."
76561197970589019,Recommended,280600,14830573,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bogon,"It starts out a little Janky but after getting used to the controls I found it was kinda fun.  Don't think this is an open world rpg, it is not. The game is mostly about loot, deep deep dungeons over 100 levels deep and a little faction questing..........but mostly dungeon crawling and it does that fantastically!!!  I'm just over 20 hours in and lv 20 with some nice gear, just did some faction quests which got me to lv 10 down in the main dungeon with lv 25 my next stop.  I will be spending a lot of time trying to see how deep I can go..........well worth the few bucks I spent on this..........GET IT if you like chests of loot, bags over flowing with crap and you wondering if you should go back to the vendors and your stash or keep going!  8/10......this may have been in the works for years and that is ok, updates are rolling as of 10 March 2015 so get your sword and helm and get moving."
76561197989573277,Recommended,280600,16036211,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Makoto Naegi,"I went looking for a cheap RPG to play for a bit. What I found was a game that I put 20 hours into in two days. It already has plenty of content in for an early access game, is tons of fun (especially if you're like me, and loved Vampire: the Masquerade Bloodlines) and gets patched with bug fixes and new content extremely frequently. Like, sometimes patched multiple days in a row frequently. If you have limited bandwidth, you'll probably want to set this one to only update when you tell it to.  But this game is definitely worth a buy.Still on the fence? Then check out the demo here:http://www.lasthalfofdarkness.com/bloodlust/"
,Recommended,280600,18147564,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,godofwar211,"An amazing game that takes me back to old school dungeon crawling with some additional advantages. I know there are a few that can't recommend the game but I honestly don't think a good recommendation can come from less than an hour of gameplay. Now that it's finally been released out of EA; I want to say a few things about it.The story is interesting although a bit non involved with the overall gameplay. I would say, it really doesn't need to be followed as closely to enjoy the game in its entirety.Combat is a bit clunky but enjoyable once you get the hang of it. Reminds me a bit of the Gothic series.Looting and dungeon delving is probably my favourite part of the game. There are tons of loot to find in the game with qualities from common to rare and unique. Dungeons are randomly generated each time you start one. There are random stairwells that appear every few floors to help with escape if needed.Character progress is fun as well. Many skills and traits to choose from that increase your inventory size, allow mist transformation to save keys and move through gated doors, allow summoning of more minions, increase specific stats every level and even transform into a beast for brutal melee action. You can also increase the stats of your minions as you progress.Overall, I would rate it an 8/10. I'm not one for considering graphics into my rating so please take into consideration for yourselves that it isn't top of the line. I think the developer did an amazing job and the game is enjoyable for what it is. I've played enough AAA titles to know looks and prices aren't everything."
76561197969417125,Not Recommended,280600,19570989,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Bloodlust Shadowhunter is a 3rd person action RPG where the player is a newly turned vampire. The game has some interesting ideas but unfortunately they are poorly implemented. I haven't finished the game, but I haven't enjoyed playing it so far, so I've decided to abandon my playthrough.The combat is weak, due to a combination of ""floaty"" physics, and stiff character animations. Attacks don't feel like they've got any weight to them. You can turn Humans into vampires who will then fight at your side, which is good in theory, but the AI is dumb as a brick. Sometimes they just stand around and do nothing. Fortunately they can't die, at worst they get knocked out for a few seconds, so at least they still function as a distraction while you kill the monsters, but its still annoying.The main content of the game involves dungeon crawling. There are several different dungeons, and the deeper you go, the better loot you find, but you also have to fight tougher monsters. There's an achievement for reaching the 200th floor, but I think these dungeons might just continue on forever. Every floor has a randomly generated layout and item/monster placement. Again, this all sounds good.However, what I don't like is the number of quests that ask you to find a specific item within those random dungeons. Maybe you find it immediately, or maybe you wander around aimlessly for hours. It also doesn't help that when you leave a dungeon to complete a quest, everything resets, so when you get a new quest that sends you back to the same dungeon, you have to grind through everything all over again. It gets tedious pretty quickly. Maybe if the combat was more enjoyable it would be less of a problem, but I still think its poor design. The story, dialogue and voice acting are all terrible.From reading the forums I understand the game is developed by one person, so I feel kinda bad for trashing his work. But at the end of the day it doesn't really matter to me how many people were involved or how much resources they had to work with. I just want to play good games, and a bad game developed by one person is still a bad game. I wouldn't even recommend picking up Bloodlust Shadowhunter on sale, because it would still be a waste of time that could be spent with better games."
76561197989634916,Not Recommended,280600,32770498,Posted: 25 June,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"It is a shame that I can't recommend the game.Some parts of it are enjoyable, but there are just so many bugs etc. that I just end up frustrated more than anything while playing.Lets start with the good:-A game inspired by tabletop RPG's. Not as good as either VtM Bloodline nor VtM Redemption, but that most likely is because of the budget which is ok.-The game tries to create a vampire society feel with different ""clans"".The neutral stuff:- The talent trees are randomized for every character. This can be either good or bad. I personally dislike it because I tried both a witch and a warrior and both had awkward skill trees. The witch got talents that improved fighting (+ dexterity every level, +axe damage), while the warrior had a few talents that were for spell casters.- The dialogue is very hit and miss. Sometimes I like it a bit and at times I just cringe at how it is written.Now for the bad things and the reason I won't play it anymore:- Spell casting flat out doesn't work at times. While playing a witch I had a huge number of times there the animation for a spell started, but nothing happened after that. I also had the reverse where I was for instance knocked down, but the spell casting did continue through it.- Mist form is a spell in the game that transforms you into a cloud of mist, but it doesn't function as it should (I think). At one point I transformed into mist, but a spike trap still damaged me (killed me even) and an enemy was just tracking me while I passed it.- Your own spells are dependant on you hitting the enemy, but spells of quite a few enemies are either tracking you or instant hits. There are a few spells you can dodge, but those are only the spells you can learn aswell.I will give 2 examples of what I mean with tracking/instant hitting.The first is that when you fight a vampire golem or ice golem or similar and they hit the ground to knock you down, you can see the path of the shockwave bend quite far if you dodge around while the shockwave is approaching you.The second example is that of spider webbings. If a spider decides to lock you in place with its webbing, it hits you instantly without the possibility of doding or responding.- Enemies quite often spam their spells/attacks. In a fight with a golem it just knocked me down 4 times in a row without giving me a possibility to do a thing about it.- At one point I ran into a bug that caused my stamina, health and energy to stop regenerating. At first I thought my character lacked blood, but that was at 83. So I thought of a debuff, but there was nothing indicating this. In the end I suicided to respawn in a safe area which fixed it, but needing to die to fix this is not that good to say the least."
76561198011843901,Recommended,280600,16588848,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Oslion,"Just to make sure it's said first, the game is in EARLY ACCESS. That said, review time!Only 7 hours in at the time of this writing but dayum. The dungeons are totally randomly created and i'm not sure they ever actually end. Read somewhere of a floor 203? I've made it to like 12 lmao. Hooked.Pros:-Randomized talent trees making for some changes with new characters-Stat point customization-Skills arent just bought from some douchey vendor-Talent points are inconsistent with a chance to gain one each time you level based on your INT stat making them really cool to get-Vampires, zombies, ghosts, minions you can make find you loot-My Female witch had a serious Ozzy Osbourne theme going on for a whileCons:-Early access standards like minor bugs-controls are still a bit stiff-Crossbow doesnt free aim like the witch's fireball-limited visual monster diversity right now-Monsters will step on your summoned spiders-You can step on your loyal, lovable summoned spiders crushing the hopes of their tiny spider families for glory and fame.As of this minute i'd give it a 7/10. Its still fun, the atmosphere is pretty much right on and the loot is awesomely varied. The puzzles are a bit on the easy side for as far as i've gotten but that basically as far as the starter area so don't take too much out of that.All in all I'm excited to see where this game goes and am going to try to find my way down past floor 200 damnit."
76561198017076013,Recommended,280600,17683300,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Texelion,"I don't really know why I like this game. Characters and environments are kinda ugly, lighting could be a lot better, animations sucks... but still I find it more enjoyable than most games.Maybe it's because of the ambiance, it reminds me old games from the PS2/N64 era like Shadowman. And it's about vampires. There aren't many good games with vampires, people prefer to kill zombies...The game is full of good ideas like the ""secret-revealing vison"", the orb projection to activate stuff from a distance, the vampire super jump, the sire system, and you can even equip piercings like any other equipment. You character can even feel other creatures.It's also nice to be able to choose between vampire/dhampir, male/female and 3 classes ( basically fighter, mage and rogue, not really original ).The game is separated in different ""phases"" and you can play them as you want. The main quest has a story, objectives and NPCs, but you can also delve into procedurally generated ""dungeons"" that you find in secret areas. Each level of the dungeon becomes harder, and the loot gets better. The third phase is the arena, when you can fight hard monsters, but I didn't try that yet as it seemed too hard for my level.Other than that it's kinda classic, you level up, spend points on your stats, skills and perks, bite some bum to have a minion you can control, and that's it.But it's one of the few early access games I don't regret buying. The base is solid ( but ugly ) and can only get better.Good luck to the dev, worth supporting."
,Recommended,280600,29162500,Posted: 10 January,all,hushpeople,"This game is a real gem.  The graphics aren't the best and the animations are a bit clunky but if you are willing to look past that and play a really fun dungeon diving game, then you will not be sorry.  I would actually go so far as to say that you will be missing out if you don't play this game. The amount of abilities the character has and the massive amount of loot mixed with endless random dungeons floors make this game very replayable and you can get a completely different experience each time.Hats off to the Dev.  This was pretty much a one man show and he did an outstanding job.  This game is well worth the money.  You will get many hours out of it and you will enjoy it.  Plus, you will be supporting an amazing Dev who has a really good concept (and hopefully be funding us a sequel)"
,Recommended,280600,14737997,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,KingTentacle [TLS],"I have played a good bit of this now and i have to say i really like it.Its very rough, but its got a lot of potential, and i have high hopes for it.vampire masquerade fans should really back this as it is the closest thing we have gotten to a sequal that it seems we are going to get.Your not just building yourself, but you get to sire and maintain your own little clan then themselves go out and sire more.You give your thrawls orders to look for items for you or even fight with you.Very fun, worth the price.Pros-* unique sire system.* deep heirarchy of other clans you deal with.* detailed enviroments.* multiple ways to approach situations.Cons-* Lack luster voice acting in places.* Poorly optimised, my big rig has trouble with frame dips with some effects.* dated graphics"
76561198141804718,Recommended,280600,33386474,Posted: 8 July,all,blood 1504,"The main thing you have to know about this game is it is a dungeon crawler nothing more .  for dungeon crawler fans this is great value for the money.dungeon crawler definitionhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dungeon_crawlBlood lust shadow hunter is a dungeon crawler with  a vampire protagonistthat can be either male or female .  Most of the game play consist of fetch quest where you have to go into  the randomly generated dungeon in order to  get a certain item to continue the story . If you like dungeon crawlers and you like vampire characters you will like blood lust shadow hunterThis game was  produced by one person .the games author gives a more accurate description of the game herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/280600/discussions/0/611698195151510950/If you are a bloodlines fan  and are expecting something similar to bloodlines  Do not purchase this game If you do not want or like dungeon crawlers  it is a dungeon crawler nothing more.  Despite all of the various   "" its a dungeon crawler yes but ..."" type excuses  by the author   this one is my favorite"" the charm in Bloodlust is probably not in its presentation or polish but rather in its exploration, secrets and loot""That is like going to  an expensive restaurant and getting a burnt steak for dinner and  the waiter telling you .  The value of the meal is not in the way the steak is cooked rather it is that the steak was sourced  from the most exclusive  cows.If you like dungeon crawlers with endless dungeons then this is good value for you money . If  you want something with more voice acting and social elements like vampire the masquerade bloodlines  Then  if this is what you are looking for you will feel you have been ripped off . If you purchase this game .here are two  video reviews of the game one positive and one negativepositive reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=636MC0W5h-Qnegative reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tasf6jshNRE"
,Recommended,280600,18236595,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,BrianRubin,"I don't seem have a ton of playtime here as of yet, because my introduction to the game was playing on a friend's computer -- I have a few hours with their version -- but I gotta tell y'all, I am SERIOUSLY digging this game. It's a ton of fun, from the combat to the dialogue to the exploration to the loot, this hits ALL the right notes if you're an action RPG fan that likes exploration, randomly generated areas, tons of loot and so on. For this price, it's a freaking steal y'all, and I rarely buy things that aren't on sale. If you have ANY interest at all in fun, action RPGs with plenty to do in terms of quest, talking to NPCs, fun combat and so on, then GET THIS."
,Recommended,280600,14730926,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,@GAiNZvsGAMES,"ok so waited for this game to release andits finally here. firstly before i started playing i changed around the key binds to suit my preference more and played with the settings to suit also. ive chosen hard difficulty and taking my time working through the game and some points are really unforgiving which is what i like in a game.what i like is that you can roam around in any particular way you wish. its not quite openworld but not too far from it in its style.anyway-just a quick bite to eat (pun intended) and im back to the game.easily the best and well made early access tilte i have in my games library so far and have already recommended to a friend who's come to watch me play it so far :Dwill add more a little later o/EDIT SINCE PLAYING MORE:so the graphics arent what they could be for this age but the game is keeping me hooked and entertained. im finding the my hlf breed criminal vampre is wanting to go deeper and deeper in each dungeon even when ive found what im looking for.the fact that i can custom my character anyway i want so i started of as more of a rogue and hiding in the shadows/creeping around and now i seem to be a badass sword wielding, electric bolt shooting stake shotgun (like from a blade film) blood sucker, and thats just what i personally have to do to survive since i foolishly picked the hardest difficulty.at 1st when starting out it was hard and thankgod being a 1/2 breed i didnt die and instead you just get knocked out and regenerate in a safe place.the game runs on the highest graphics for me and without any bugs yet, although granted my pc may of came from nasa.so far this game is proving alot of fun and i think somewhere i read that its about 15-20hrs of story line... well so far ive not done very much story line. there are simply sooo many secrets and lots of side quests to keep me busy and entertained for hours and hours.what a great rivival of its genre and unlike every other early access in my steam library (yes, i swore to never buy another one too...-.-) im looking very forward to keep playing this game through its early access period to see what else gets added to the mix."
,Not Recommended,280600,14894058,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"Let me start out by saying this is not a bad game by any means. There's a lot to be impressed with considering the game was put together almost entirely by one man. I respect that, and he did a lot of things right. For instance, some of the melee combat seems decent, there are some varied vampiric disciplines (spells/powers) you can cast/use. The game even has a Diablo-style loot system with items of different levels of quality, scrolls of identification, etc., 200-floor dungeons that randomly generate their arrangement with more XP and loot rewards the deeper you go, etc.Although there are flaws with each of these, they're mostly done very well and I know this was a lot of hard work for the developer. The city map looks quite nice. It's a small, urban cityscape. Businesses are still open, though some have closed, and it looks good. A tree is growing out of a curb on one street I noticed, which looks cool, but the city looks too active for that to make sense. Weird, but I'm fine with it, even if it does make me scratch my head. One final note on the positives for this game: most of the music ""works"" and isn't very noticable, which is just fine, while a couple of the songs (tattoo parlor radio and main city hub in particular) were enjoyable and set the mood, respectively.That said, I was at odds deciding whether or not to give it my recommendation. Simply knowing few people were involved in the game's creation, the fact it's (at the time of this review) still in early access, and it was decent enough that I could play it as long as I did...these things make me want to give it a recommendation, but those aren't particularly good things about the game.At the time of releasing the early access of this game, the store page shows the developer estimated 2-3 months before it would leave early access. When I talk about the negatives about this game, I'll keep in mind that this is the state of the game now if someone purchases it, and that the negatives I will point out will not be ones I expect the developer to address within that estimated time frame due to the extremities of these negatives.Like I said, it's not a bad game; just an okay one I couldn't get into despite having a big interest in the subject matter and genre. Here are some of the negatives:The NPCs are very poor characters for the most part. The rare few who seem to have the slightest bit of personality are okay at best. The world also feels extremely empty. I don't mean bleak or hopeless; those are great for this kind of setting. No, I mean that there just aren't enough NPCs around for you to interact with or even those that just wander around making the world feel inhabited. I have encountered a total of three NPCs in the big city hub's streets. Imagine if Santa Monica in Bloodlines or Prague in Redemption had a total of 3 NPCs on the streets at night. Each building typically features 1-3 NPCs in it, with the exception of the night club, which I believe has 5 or 6. Many of these do not speak or give quests.I just don't feel supernatural in this game, despite playing as a vampire. I wanted to play as a monster; not as an average person in the game's world. By not having a real human presence, my character is the average, normal person in the setting. I've only seen 3-4 NPCs which seemed to be human, and none of them are actual characters. One of them was just a random human to send to vampires to feed on, and the other three just lay or wander around until you turn them into vampires. Once you've done that, you're in a world without humans. That takes much of the fun out of being a vampire in the game. What's worse, it makes no sense that this many vampires can sustain themselves in a city without humans. There aren't any ""vampires require invitations to enter homes"" rules that the game has mentioned, so it's unlikely that the humans are just asleep at home, and as Bloodlines, Redemption, the real world, and many other games have shown, fair amounts of people are outside at night in urban areas. Even vampires aren't walking around the city aside from the player.Humans seem to know all about vampires as well, because one of the three humans on the city streets says something to the effect of ""Oh, your teeth. You're one of those monsters, aren't you?"" Although Shadowhunters (vampire hunters) exist, regular humans seem to know about vampires' existence. It feels so awkward without in-game lore and explanation to make sense of vampires' place in this world. Despite there being five vampire clans, bunches of items, a number of powers and enemies, there just isn't much in the way of lore/explanations for things to understand the setting and get into it.The story is almost non-existent so far, and I've gone through several main quests thus far. The game begins as you wake up in a sarcophagus, freshly turned, and get a message from your sire to come find her. You don't know who she is and you need to get out of some ruins and go to a tattoo parlor to find her. Everything that's been happening since then is a boring fetch quest of sorts. The plot developments haven't interested me or surprised me, and today, I loaded the game up to continue, opened my quest log, and just stared at it, blinking, thinking to myself ""Why am I still playing?"", and then quit. I'd been forcing myself to play as far as I'd gotten, and absolutely nothing sounded fun to do, even if it just meant going to kill things in the 200-floor dungeons. If a game doesn't have a setting or story interesting enough to interest me in continue, the gameplay must be absolutely fantastic for me to get past that, and the gameplay is just ""decent."" The controls and combat are comparable to blood lines, which isn't a good thing, though it is a little bit smoother when it comes to melee. You fight in third person and can use a variety of spells/disciplines. I haven't tried the ranged weapons, though I hear you will run out of ammunition pretty often at present. I will say that the combat is better than VtM Redemption's, but that combat was pretty awful (great story, though).At the end of the day, I had no motivation to play the game and found myself uninterested in the setting and what I was doing in it the more I played, despite loving vampires and enjoying action RPG antics. Its actual gameplay wasn't enjoyable enough to drive me just by itself, and the story and characters are very forgettable with rare exception. This is not a bad game, but it just isn't all that good. That said, the developer really should be proud of what he's accomplished and I applaud him for his hard work, but I simply cannot recommend playing this game. I have many technical issues with the game which I haven't mentioned, but I won't hold them against the game in this review, because I believe the developer is still looking into them. The things I've covered here as negatives, though, seem highly unlikely to change or change sufficiently, given the amount of time and money involved in changing/adding to them."
76561197989723505,Recommended,280600,14730287,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Koo,"First of all, this game is recommended to all VTMB fans. This is truly a well developed game by WRF studios, there are alot of room for improvements considering this only just got released and has alot of pontential. I am looking forward to what the developers have to do to make this game even better! :)"
76561198122007196,Recommended,280600,30423389,Posted: 10 March,all,Omniprimex,"This game is my first dungeon crawler and much more impressive than I thought it'd be given how it was made by just one man (or so I heard). If you're a fan of Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines you'll probably love this game. There's not much of a social aspect when compared to VTMB but exploration is richy rewarded and there's plenty of enemies to fight.If you're a fan of Diablo you'll love all the loot to gain too. There's so much loot and also dungeons you can generate with keys (pretty easy to get) with loads of levels. Npcs tell me hundreds of them exist. Each level gets harder but gives better loot.Personally I picked the ""witch"" class (a.k.a mage) and the magic is pretty hilarious to use, especially the fire spell against other enemy vampires. You can be male or female, a full vampire, a half vampire or a secret breed gained from an endgame action. The characters, especially the telepathic raven, have badass voices and for an indie game the character customization really isn't bad at all.If you want to explore, find phat loot, fight monsters the way you want, develop your character how you want, be a badass vampire, enjoy an interesting story, not have to pay a lot of money, support a friendly, helpful, active developer, etc.. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,280600,25584231,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Valagor,"So far, I'm very pleased with this game. I really wasn't expecting much, and I'm pleasantly suprised. Don't expect a AAA quality game. This is an indie game.Pros:- Character progression. The leveling system, the RPG elements, skills, spells, talents, etc. When it comes to progression, this game is deeper than most AAA RPGs.- Randomly generated dungeons. I almost couldn't believe that they are randomly generated. They're that well done.- Tricks and traps. Tons of traps and hidden areas. Lots of nooks and crannies to loot and explore.- Random loot (like Diablo). This keeps you wanting to slay that next big baddie to see what he'll drop.- Atmosphere. There are times that your flashlight is actually needed. Some dungeons make the hair on the back of your neck stand up. At times there is a real sense of danger.- Avery well done tutorial that is skippable. A lot of indie games don't really offer a very good tutorial. This game never made me guess at how to play after I finished the tutorial.Cons:- A few graphical glitches here and there.- Lackluster voice acting.- Combat can feel a bit clunky at times.The pros certainly outweigh the cons. This game suffers from the same cons as just about every indie RPG out there.This game has it where it counts. It's FUN. This is one of the most comprehensive indie RPG's I've played. If you like third person action rpgs, you'll enjoy this game. You won't regret your purchase. I don't."
76561198089003160,Recommended,280600,14758560,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DragoEska,"Love it! From its nitty gritty atmosphere to the amatuer voice acting this game has me hooked. Alot of people are comparing it to Bloodlines but to be honest other then its a good vampire game I just dont see it. This game focuses more on dungeon diving and I say diving because in dungeons you can go through (I believe) 200 floors all randomly generated and can only come back out when you found a staircase that leads back to the top floor. You have to make a choice whether to go down further and face harder enemies or to escape with the loot you have. This tends to encompass a good portion of the game.The story line is interesting and intriguing enough to motovate me to continue on. Combine that with an active Developer and community it is exciting to see how far this game will go.TBH ever since VM bloodlines I've been hunting for a good vampire game that lets me experiance a rise to power story and never found it till this. So kudos Dev, keep up the good work and hope to see more from this game and possibly a bigger badder sequal down the line."
76561197978020726,Recommended,280600,29436197,Posted: 22 January,all,Grist,"A fairly enjoyable little dungeon crawler, Has more in common with Diablo than Vampire the Masquerade, which its graphic style tends to be heavily inspired by. A bit on the janky side, still a fun little romp if you can look beyond its flaws."
76561197970580312,Recommended,280600,14787283,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Andrew,"So the game isn't finished. It might have some bugs. It seems balanced ,but it is probably good that it is still in Early Access. Sometimes the story isn't easy to follow. It ain't perfect!So, why can't I put it down?!Something about this title is fresh. It has been helping me get through post Vampire Masquerade blues. This game and its developer have a direction and they're taking me there. It has a open ended storyline too. What one little independent studio has done in comparison to big companies like CCP blows my mind. It warms my heart to see someone take the ball, in which a big company unintentionally dropped, and then run with it!I'm rarely wrong, but It looks like Bloodlust Shadowhunter is going to score on this one. All in all, the game is early access and I'm already looking forward to the developer making sequels."
76561198019572384,Recommended,280600,16677684,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,This was a surprising gem to discover.  By far the best $13 I've spent in a long time.
,Recommended,280600,17293897,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Bluewavez,"I orginally gave this game a bad review because I couldn't get it to run on my system, and for some reason I thought the game had been out since 2013 ( I have too many games). I felt bad when I found out it had only been out a few months. Because I feel like ppl should give a game a chance (I've seen big game companies come out with problems just like the little ones). and this is early access so ppl know it will be glitchy. But I really liked this game it is really cool I think these devs have hit on something that was lacking a vampire quest driven dungeon crawler, it really is a cool game. I look forwardall the new things they have in store for us."
,Recommended,280600,31414693,Posted: 28 April,all,palathas,After playing this title for a while I'd have to say it has merit. It doesn't have an in depth story but it brings back memories of games like Eye of the Beholder and newer/older games like Legend of Grimrock. Certainly worth a look.
76561197963819455,Recommended,280600,14736449,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Jinnai,"To start, if you like Bloodlines then you want to support this as it is by far the best spiritual successor to date.  That said... it has some issues that hopefully some funding will help fix.  Also, I've only played to just beyond the started area and the main street is rather empty, but seems like the start of a decent hub of activity.  There is a story, but I have yet to figure out if it's as detailed as Bloodlines.  I have yet to find out if/how many side stories there are, like the dozens that Bloodlines had.Pros:It has clan based vampires like BloodlinesIt has skill customization like BloodlinesRandomized (?) dungeons, unlike BloodlinesMassive amounts of loot, Diablo style, unlike BloodlinesIt has a very similar atmosphere to BloodlinesNeutral:The voice acting is decent, but not great.  Some good, some bad, like Bloodlines.Combat is on par with Bloodlines and could use some work, but skills are interestingCons:The graphics are on par (flat textures and dated models) with BloodlinesThe non-randomized level design is worse than BloodlinesThe ""world"" maps where you would interact with bystanders is far smaller than Bloodlines and so fewer to interact withThe UI could use some work and is worse than BloodlinesThe devs left in the default ""Built with UDK"" icon and task description, unlike BloodlinesIt's not even close to a finished product.  If you didn't like Bloodlines then you won't like this.  So much potential but failing so hard on the lack of polish.  It's still early access and I'm probably hoping for more than will be delivered, but it drives a stake through a fond spot in my heart.The dungeon crawling aspect may or may not end up being core to whatever form this game takes, but it was one of the main things that drew me in.  The game is not balanced, the dungeon is tedious at points, but it is a great start and something Bloodlines didn't have.  (Yes, I had to fit that in.)  This game is not in beta.  It is most definitely still in alpha, but if you go in understanding that it's a good few hours diversion and I recommend it."
76561198027785846,Recommended,280600,18472638,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ChaosRepeated,"Wow,One guy did this?First off if you like roguelikes you'll enjoy this.The core gameplay loop is dungeon crawling across randomly generated dungeons.If you also like VtM you definitely want this.It plays in perfectly into the theme.As a crawler the items are interesting.The abilities are fun.Its worth warning you ofcourse there are some problems.The minion sysyem while cool is limited.You can't talk to your minions, get them to equip stuff, give them powets, or get them to do them to do more complicated actions.Also the textures don't look that great.That said these are issues I expect can be fixed with mods later.Even if the are not I'd preffer a game like this than pretty trash like Dark.All in all its a good game.Well worth the $13 price tag."
,Recommended,280600,15921117,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mr.GõâT,"This game is so underrated. Its one of the best Rpg's I have ever played even though the graphics are old school but its overall an amazing game, with puzzles, funny Ai's movements and crazy enemies designs. In other words. Excuse my language.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,280600,17199019,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Ninjabuntu,"Okay, I am going to change my review of this game after spending nearly 15 hours playing it so far.Bloodlust Shodowhunter is the sort of game that took be back to my High School years of gathering around a Game Table with a Handful of 10 sided dice a few scraps of paper and a whole lot of Coke Cola. The Event was playing a Vampire themed Role Playing Game where you the player where the monster trying hard to either keep what was little left of their humanity or to simply watch the world burn around them.My friends and I would spend hours at the Comic Book store rolling and debating as we strugled to keep each other from our final deaths while a mad but dethroned ruler was trying to start the god machine. A plot that had been in the works for at least a few hundred years if not thousands. Our storyteller (Game Master) was a really great creative writer in our school and had a fresh and lively story that spanned a couple of years of actual game play time twice a week.Despite all the rough edges and some time janky audio and animations. I am transported back to those after school game sessions I had played in as a young man.Anyone who knows me knows a certain saying I have about video games and the Indie Game movement.""You could have the worst graphics and audio in the world but so long as you have a kick♥♥♥♥♥story, I love it...""when I recently bought this game in early access, this saying I have was tested. Sadly I gave a knee jerk review after only an hour or so of game play. And shamefully I forgot my standing on what truly matters to me in a game.This game is Early Access, it has a few flaws that are hard to miss at time. The Graphics are not Triple A quality, nor should they ever be expected to be.The Story however, That is the real gem here. and I have to hand it to the guy, it is one awesome story.The game starts with the player waking up after the embrace (Turned into a Vampire) with out the slightest idea what happened to them or why they are a vampire. Worse yet they don't even know how to be a vampire in this strange new world they find them selves in.Quickly the story get rolling in the discover what going on as you move along sort of way. This includes discovering how to be a vampire alone with no Sire to guide you in you first steps into the night.The Scenery and Locations are actually really interesting despite their repetitive issues. A lot of this game seems to be made up of a few key 3D mesh parts and a bit of texture work along with tweaked stock UDK parts every now and then. I could be wrong about the UDK stock parts however.This game uses UDK (a stripped down version of Unreal Engine 3 for indie studios and students) as it's base engine. One I was once a very proud fanboy of until I recently migrated to Unity. I know a few of the challenges this guy must have had to account for. It's still a good engine to use and it can crank out some awesome games in the right hands. Hands like WRF Studio which is apparently Just one Guy with the Help of like two or three others in this games case.The Diablo like dungeon crawling aspect is fun and while a bit repetitive, keeps my vampire always growing in power as I slowly build up my bloodline. This is the sort of Character level Metric as well as the state of my ever growing family of vampire minions. My pet Hobo and I are rocking these dungeon maps while the rest are out collecting loot for me to make use of in the game.The interface is much like that of an MMO or again Diablo action bar with a few skills at my fingertips. This allows for me to quickly fire off power my vampire has discovered When he needs to use them.Power as mentioned above are fairly strait forward. While there are clans in the game, You as a new vampire are actually not a member of any one clan and thus are not pigeon holed into a Clan set of skills and powers. As you progress and earn rep with the other clans int he game, certain power will open up to you that you can put a few points into. It's a lot more free form then a certain Vampire Themed computer game based on the table top game I loved as a young man.All and all I really love this game and it the sort of love that had to be hard earned but now is never going to be let go.I am still going to highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a great You are the Monster Vampire experience.To people who are debating to give this game a try:DO NOT PASS THIS ONE UP...To the Developer:DO NOT RUSH THE GAME TO RELEASE!Keep crafting and polishing this gem for as long as it is needed."
76561198072086580,Recommended,280600,14956251,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,sugebearx,"I will do an actual thorough review once I beat the game so I won't get long winded about this and I'll just hit a few points of emphasis...The game is funThe dev works his ♥♥♥ offThe happiest I have been with a newly minted early access gameEasily worth the asking price and moreVampires are cool and vampire rpgs are coolerPeople should fall all over themselves to support a dev like thisIt's not really like either of the VtM games, but as a person who has played and loved both of those games I have no problem recommending this to a fan of VtMB or VtMR.Lol...ok I am gonna be a bit more long winded.The world and the NPCs aren’t as fleshed out as I would like and the controls can be slightly awkward and janky, but those are my only real complaints. The powers, loot and game systems are about spot on and the dungeons are randomly generated.This is one of those games that has some warts and flaws, but just hits my sweet spot…It’s just fun. If you like Bloodlines you should be well acquainted with that feeling. :) I feel positive that the dev will do everything in his power to make this the best game he possibly can.The game is awfully ambitious for essentially a one man team, but it's already an incredible achievement. Make sure you read ""What exactly is Bloodlust"" before you buy, if you haven’t already. This is definitely more of an RPG dungeon crawler than a traditional RPG akin to Bloodlines. If that appeals to you then you should grab it...immediately. Worst case scenario? You don’t like it and you are out $13. Heh...I’m broke as hell and I wouldn’t begrudge the purchase even if I didn’t like the game. It’s rare to find a passionate and driven dev who actually cares and I would gladly pay to support a dev like that even if the game was crap…which it most assuredly is not.Hope I don't come off as a shill or fanboy, but it’s been a long while since I have been this impressed with a developer and I feel like shouting it from the rooftops. Hope this helped."
76561198006682026,Recommended,280600,24482850,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Athos42,"As a rating, I'd give it 7/10.Bloodlust Shadowhunter is not a RPG like Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines. You should call it a Third Person Hack&Slash Dungeon Crawler with a little bit of RPG in it. The story, while nice, is nothing to write home about.Character customization is nicely done... you really can customize your character according to your playstyle.The game has got several random generated dungeons with 200+ levels. You can sink hours after hours into them, but for me they were just too similar after a while. And: you'll need to buy or find a special one-use-key to enter a random dungeon. While not bothering me greatly, I don't see a sense in that. Also: some doors inside the dungeon also need other one-use keys. Why? We've got a Lockpick skill and we've a Mist Form skill to float through gates.The loot you'll find is working, but the item system has been done better in other games. When found on level 1 of a dungeon, the sword you'll find would have +2 Strength. On level 50, it'll have +45 strength. A lot better but still basicly the same sword. There are no items or item types which could only be found from a certain dungeon level up on, and there are no unique items. This takes away some excitement when finding a new item. The dev should have looked at Borderlands here: certain enemies drop certain items, bosses drop special items, it actually matters which weapon type you use, there a unique items etc etc.To identify an item, you need to use a scroll. But you cannot buy great amount of them in shops. You are dependend on RNG as they drop from enemies and chests. This can work and you'll have enough scrolls. But this can also fail horribly (which it did for me) in the form of finding 20 unidentified items on a dungeon run but only 7 scrolls. So my pile of unidentified items only got bigger and bigger.Graphics are good enough for me, the enemies could use better animations for my taste, though. Sound and especially the music is great!So... would I recommend this game? Yes I would, it's well worth the money. The game has been made be a single person, and if you think about that is very impressive what he has done. It might have its flaws, but it's well above average. You'll not have the impression that the playing time was lost time."
76561197972269258,Recommended,280600,24927137,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Seige911,"A very good game for the non-on-sale price. Through the EA proccess and after the developer is extremely responsive (responding to threads and fixing bugs usually within 16 hours). They key to enjoying this game is to get it not expecting a AAA polished game. At its core this game is a dungen crawler where you fight through dungeons to get loot so you can get deeper into the dungeons.Pros:* Reasonable priced* Great Plot* Good skill system where there are several viable builds* Enthralled minions actually do things for you* Great developerCons* The graphics are what you would expect from a small indie team (nothing high poly. etc)* Can get repetitive if dungeon crawlers are not your thing.* No way to sell stuff while in a dungeon (inventory can fill up with junk items to quickly).It is one of those games I go to play for an hour then look down at my watch and wonder where the afternoon went.Why are you still reading this? Its only 13 USD, go buy it."
,Recommended,280600,23572712,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Nappa,"As someone who's been searching for a decent vampire centered rpg for a while I really enjoyed this game, although it is pretty grindy and gets boring after a while. The loot drops could have been done better i never really came across anything that was just really cool or unique its just the same garbage you've been seeing with randomized stats. I also have a problem with only seeing my hat, Piercings and weapon/flashlight, I like to be able to see what i have on. Despite that i did have fun with the game its fun being able to sire minions and have them go out and sire even more people. The story was pretty solid as well just wish there had been more to it. The skill system was very nice as well, i liked the idea of certain clans holding certain abilities and having to improve your standing with them to rank up said skills.All in all though i did enjoy the game not enough for a second playthrough though so take from that what you will. Its a solid idea with some very bland combat and grindy leveling and pretty mediocre story. However i reccomend it to ppl who like vampires and rpg/dungeon crawlers maybe when its on sale or you can't find something else to hold your attention."
76561198040686647,Recommended,280600,22542029,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Corvus,"I misjudged this game at first. It has some issues with controls and other things and in the beginning it seemed not to be what I was looking for. But, I stuck with it and ended up really liking it despite its flaws. Then I read the discussions and realized that this was basically one guy making the whole game and that made me like it more and forgive its faults. Honestly, my most major gripe after finishing it is how many women in it don't speak and are used as decoration (whereas even the male generic characters have something they say) in the various lairs you end up in. But, that's not uncommon in the gaming world and having a feminist analysis doesn't mean I can't still have fun. Second biggest gripe is that you can't load old saves. There are a few things I would have liked to finish and I missed out on quests that I didn't realize I had entered when I couldn't reload an old save.VTMB is one of my favorite games. I have replayed it so many times that I honestly can't anymore. This was suggested as similar. It is a little similar but it is also it's own thing in the dungeon crawling being centered. I enjoyed it and will likely replay with different characters."
,Recommended,280600,14754577,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Lucian Fallen,"As everyone has already said, the game is rough, outdated in both it's looks and controls, but ambitious.  As also stated, this is a game very much in the same feel as VtM Bloodlines though the story seems a bit fragmented in the early access version.  The controls are a bit awkward but can be gotten used to--and used well.  The general instructions are a bit vague in places but nothing you can't figure out with a bit of exploration.As of the early access version, there are several instances of the story not making sense if you happen to meet certain characters during your free-roaming exploration as opposed to because someone told you to go there.  (Stuff like going into an area and finding someone who says they've been expecting you and to thank you for your help with a person you haven't actually met or helped yet...or stumbling across a character and begin with dialogue about how you need their help with something and you don't know who they are or why you need to go to them for help)  So, at this point, don't count on the story blowing your mind.But all of this is minor and not even remotely worth counting against a really great game.  My only real negative on the game is the auto-save.  It saves after every little thing you do and you can't have multiple save spots.  I know this is to make the decisions mean more (as once you make it, you've made it), BUT here's the thing not considered.....This game is also a dungeon crawler.  That means, if you screw up a decision and want to start a new character to fix the decision, it's not just a matter of playing some fun and enjoyable story over again....it's HOURS of wandering randomly generated dungeons to catch back up to where you were."
76561198181328725,Recommended,280600,15881335,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,I.W.S.S.K.,"Very pleased with this game so far. I can't think of anything I don't like about it. It's challenging, great story, just all around fun."
76561198032285934,Recommended,280600,17693559,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,namedforthemoon,"This game is really intriguing. A dark world, in which you are a vampire (or half-vampire) hunting down clues to your past. Who created you? Why? And who is that, calling to you in your mind?There's action, puzzles that you can solve with different types of vampire powers, such as secret sight and vampire gaze. Dialogue is well-written and voiced, based on the characters that you meet.The game is still in early access, but it's really a lot of fun. There's a ton of places to explore, lots of interesting loot, and lore to read and learn about. One of my favorite things are the letters and books that you'll find, because one, you learn about the world around, and being a fledgling vampire, that's pretty important. The second thing is that the artwork and imagery in the letters and books is really beautiful, and definitely not what I was expecting to come across in a game like this.One thing I would suggest to the developer is to allow players to customize their character with different hair colors and styles, facial features, possibly different make-up looks, and clothing. Right now the only thing that changes your look is what gender and class you choose.Give this one a try, You won't be disappointed. I rarely leave reviews, but I think this game is worth one."
76561197982530266,Recommended,280600,20895812,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jimmy James,"The graphics and audio are terrible, but I recommend this game because it's basically a good vampire themed roguelike/dungeon crawl.Random dungeons, loot, fairly straightforward but compelling gameplay and character progression. You can sire minions and upgrade them in a basic way. A few uninteresting ""get item x from dungeon level y"" quests spread throughout.I can't help but feel this would be better in some sort top down 2D view, even tile based like the games it draws from, because the presentation gets in the way of a good game. Pick it up on the next sale for a few bucks."
76561198050836783,Recommended,280600,18274588,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mrromeijn,"Lets jump right in here.This game seems like an omage to many classics, but other people are already compairing this one with them. I am reviewing this on it's own merrit.This game is a good indie game. It plays nice, loads of voice acting, decent story, fun mechanics and makes you feel like a real bonifide vampire.List of positive things.+ Hasn't crashed on me yet.+ Plays smooth, most of the time.+ Loads of abilities.+ Clan reputation by returning items.+ Story and characters are decently written.+ can sire people (make them your vampires) yourself.+ Sired characters can help you: to get stuff, fight, get new vampires, get in the way of enemies.+ Seems like enough enemies are currently present.+ Some enemies take stratagy to avoid/defeat (do not kill werewolfs, they get stronger every kill)Now the negatives.- voice acting can be iffy, thanks to inconsistent quality.- Once sired, your thrall will be immortal and can only be knocked out.- No real death. (not easy though)- Thralls get in your way.- only 3 breeds, one of them gets unlocked after beating the game once.- Only 3 classes. Warrior (warrior), Witch (mage) and Criminal (thief). I would have liked different sub-classes for each one.- the graphics (almost 2004 fables quality (with more freedom though))This game is rough, it is far from refined, but this can be a birth of a new classic game."
76561198142433326,Recommended,280600,17288535,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DovahkiinSongi,"This is a game we need for the dark and brooding side of gamers. A Dungeon crawling Vampire game, all we need now is a nice M rating with some gore, sex, and a LOT more violence.  :o"
76561198165696185,Recommended,280600,22902166,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,thisismiee,"It's a damn good dungeon crawler, especially since one guy made it. Don't let my number of hours played fool you I got it on the seven seas before this and decided the dev really deserves my money"
,Recommended,280600,18727435,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,The BDG,Imagine if VtM: Bloodlines and diablo had a love child. You get this game. It has all of the random loot drops with that overall feel of VtM. I gave it a full workup over here!https://youtu.be/8THNxsPtvuY
,Recommended,280600,18145083,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,Its a great game despite the graphics in the starting area. Tons of skills and the combat is fun! Too bad the character creation doesn't hold a candle to Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines. :( I need more vamipre types and customization options!
,Recommended,280600,29884830,Posted: 12 February,all,Crimson of Rose,"This game is heavily underrated. My only gripe with it is  it's confusing as balls to navigate places. With no minimap you can be stuck in some areas for hours if not days. Beyond that it's a fun game... it's a game that on its own merit held my interest as much as any 'The elder scrolls' game. In fact, I believe if the elder scrolls had a baby with diablo III  and mixed in vampires this would be it... or at least a second cousin.Overall, good game that could have been better, but still is really fun to play... seriously though could use with minimaps in some of the guild homes... running in circles for two hours because I'm lost wasn't fun."
76561198047543699,Recommended,280600,14745800,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Neili,"Bloodlust Shadowhunter is a surprisingly enjoyable gem of a game.  It can easily cater to Vampire masquerade, Diablo and Heretic/Hexen fans. The skill tree is extensive, the puzzles are fun, although not overly challenging, and the loot - ah, the loot is glorious. Finding that first purple item while crawling through the dungeon as a mere level (bloodline) 3 fledgling will  bring about an immense sense of satisfaction and will leave you wanting to find more, to delve deeper, to explore further.  I had not had a chance to fully explore the city, but the dungeon is rumored to have more than 200+ levels which can definitely take quite a few hours, if not days, to clear.As this is still Early Access minor graphic glitches can be forgiven. So far I have not experienced any crashes, and reloading the game fixed any graphic stuttering that I encountered twice.For the price of $12.99 I would highly recommend this game as it shows a lot of promise and with some polish can turn into a new cult classic.  It is not yet on par with VtMB, but it's closer to it than any other current vampire-themed games."
76561198049313249,Recommended,280600,26377153,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,nerevarine,"Summarized:If you played Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines, this is like an Action RPG (ARPG) version of that. It's RPG-like in that you develop your character, putting points in stats, skills, abilities, a talent tree, and level up. As far as ""the world"", it's pretty bare, most NPCs are there just as some part of the ""story"", vendors buy/sell items and maybe give quests related to the story. What the story is, I have no clue and I don't care. Seems you can pick which faction to join, seems there's some big-bad foozle to kill, but it's a real tedious affair. More on that later. The game world is basically levels and levels and levels of dark dungeons, with a tiny city area (about the size of ""first city area"" of Bloodlines"" I'd say, but Bloodlust:Shadowhunter has a BETTER amount of detail, atmosphere).If you haven't played Vampire: Bloodlines, this is basically a 3rd person ARPG in a dystopian vampire world of dungeons and more dungeons, and tiny city area. Everything is dark, and gloomy, and you run around inside dungeons, even ruins of dungeons, looking for loot, or something part of a quest, and killing whatever gets in your way. Some compare this to Diablo-style games.PROS:-As an indie game, it has a lot of polish and seems mostly well-thought out.-The graphics are dark, shadowy, but colorful, and look better than I expected. It gets the job done.I get occasional flickering with shadows or shadows cast on objects. Best to play around with settings to see what works best for each individual, but performance is really good even at high settings (at least for me).-The sound design is pretty good, the music is atmospheric as one would expect for a ""dark vampire"" type game, and it helps compliment the look and feel of the game, and help set the mood.-The game can be a bit scary at times in the sense you're deep in a dark (had to say it again) dungeon and keep delving further and further down. Your flashlight could end up going out down there, and creatures which are basically ghostly black shadows with glowing eyes can pop-up and mob you like a pack of ravenous gimps. Or some zombie or giant might come out from around the corner, or a giant snake pop-out from the wall and nibble your bum to death. The creepy music, and sometimes ""lack of sound"" can make the experience all that more ""interesting"".-That the game gives you so much control over your character development is totally awesome. You create your character, pick Male/Female, then what class (basically: warrior, rogue, mage-ish, which are tied to the individual vampire clans) but like Elder Scrolls or Kingdoms of Amalur, you put points into anything you want, to be a sort of ""hybrid"" class.-Like Diablo or Torchlight-type games, you can recycle/gamble loot with chance of getting better loot (or not). Loot can be item drops with varying stats, so you'll find yourself somewhat addicted to seeing ""what better item/loot"" can you get as you progress.-A lot of nice small touches, no crashes for me, the tutorial is extremely helpful for new players.-Dungeons are reportedly randomly generated, but so well done, that you wouldn't even notice.CONS (these are pretty much all the CONS, everything else is really great):-The game doesn't seem that well thought out in a small handful of areas. Foremost, is with progression. It seems to be a real grind to level up. There is a surprising lack of enemies to kill. That is good & bad. Good: because I hate ARPG where it's endless streams of monsters, so massacring a whole bunch takes away from the satisfaction of eliminating enemies. Bad: because you get XP for this and you need it to level up. *YOU SPEND MORE TIME LEVELING UP just so you can use a powerful item ""you're too weak"" to use. Other than that, the only other reason to level up is to get points to put into new powers just to see what they're like. EVENTUALLY, ""sort of"" ramps up, but the variety of monsters if LACKING.-Progression is really uneven. High level items drop REAL EARLY in the game. At level 8, I got items dropping where you need like 80 Strength or 50 Charisma, or a combination of stats, like 43 STR *and* 38 CHR, just to use it. Given you only get 5 POINTS to put into stats, and start at around 10 or so, then it will take like 12-15 levels more just to use it. (you can get equipment though that give bonuses to your stats, enabling you to wield items you otherwise couldn't).-Sometimes a item or weapon you got that requires a ton of points in a stat to wield it, isn't much better than what you have anyways.-Dungeons can be very large and you might not encounter very many monsters at all. You'll get to a point where you're running around, spending more time running through dark corridors, just looking for something to kill that can give you a measily pinch of XP.-Inventory space IS A BARRIER to fully enjoying this game. You can't go and just buy more bags like in some other game. You run out of space extremely fast. Vendoring the items yield a very tiny amount of money ($1-3 or so), and often involves running ALL THE WAY BACK through everything. You can't just ""port to town"" very easily in this game, like you could in others. **The only way to increase inventory space, is to ""buy them with TALENT points"", but you need ""learn"" all the prior talents, and they're spread all over the tree...which therefore requires a huge amount of level-grinding, which is really quite backwards. A real mess.****you'll never escape the plague that your ONLY BAG is constantly being filled up with crap you can't use, that is only worth $1-$3 at a vendor****-Quests involve getting something, but first you have to get something else, but to get that, you must....---yeah, that routine appears here and there, not all the time. You pretty much have to run into one of the randomly generated dungeons and search the whole bleeding place to find whatever it is. I have some quests where I couldn't find what was needed. Could be a bug. Not sure. Either way, most of the time, you'll be doing dungeons just to see what new, cool loot you can get a long the way. The story/quests are just there to ""help it along"", which is weaksauce, really.-the voice-acting isn't great, but it didn't bother me.-too many traps and puzzles for my taste. It's like it's there to balance out the lack of monsters to kill.-rogue-like character supposedly good at ""sneaking"" but there is no sneaking-skill to activate or toggle. You can get close to some creatures, but as soon as you're in melee weapon range, it instantly wacks you, usually stunning. Melee combat can be frustrating because of fact enemies seems to ignore your attacks, hit/stun you which is annoying. I JUST USE RANGE ATTACKS.-lack of direction on quest objectives; the story and level-design don't marry well, leading to time-wasting confusion.NOTABLE MENTIONS:-you can bite NPCs to sire them, and make them minions you can issues commands to. Have them follow and help you fight. Or, send them out to scavenge for loot, or sire their own people. Pretty cool. But NPCs are pretty scarce, which really stifles the fun of this feature.-sometimes the mini-map works, sometimes, it decides ""you aren't omniprescent"" and refuses to show you anything of an area. Worse, explored maps reset!Overall: 6.9/10GOOD: Satisfying graphics, lots of cool abilities, great atmosphere, good loot-fest system, like a 3rd person Torchlight meets Vampire:Bloodlines-lite; light on world-RPG but strong on stat/skill-based RPG leveling, overall making it enough to stand out as MUCH MORE than just some hack & slash-game.BAD: Redundant, repetitive music and randomly generated dungeons, clunky melee combat, uneven progression, topped with monotonous level-grinding for XP in dungeons lacking enough (varied) things to kill, can be real frustrating.Conclusion: It comes SO CLOSE to being PERFECT, that you might actually end up HATING it for that."
,Recommended,280600,24623101,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Clinnger Eveneye,"BloodLust Shadowhunter is quite enjoyful to play, I sat and played 5 hours straight (which is really uncommon for me now), and I could not stop, I had to forcefully stop myself.Either way, let's get into why you should consider to try BloodLust Shadowhunter alongside with it's good and bad stuff in it:GraphicsSoundGameplayGraphics:It's obvious that BloodLust Shadowhunter has quite... potato-y look to the graphics, it's still acceptable (unless you're digging games just for the graphics...), though, this is not the strong side of this game's spot, but yeah... the graphics could've probably been worked on a bit more.Sound:The sounds in it isn't great either, you can clearly hear some crudeness to them and sometimes it's hard to get an ""awareness"" of to where something made a sound, but it's forgiveable and has some nostalgic feel to it, oh and I forgot to mention that in graphics too... sorry for that.Gameplay:Now this is where BloodLust Shadowhunter shines I tell you that...Most of the time we've all faced many games that are waaay too similar to each other, BUT! BloodLust Shadowhunter feels very unique in this part as it has a lot of stuff you can do, as it mentioned you can go dungeon-dwelling, go further into the story of the game, sire NPCs and a lot more, and I can feel that I've only scratched the surface and yet I still feel comfortable to play it, even with it's permanent choices you do.But what could be done (possibly, and hopefully) is to add in modding, so the community could feel a sense of contributing to make the game more worthwhile for others and not just to the current players (I'm a mod-addict what can I say?).Anyways, I've dragged you on about with my review, and let's just say this: if you like gameplay over the eye-candy graphics and sounds, this will probably be something for you, especially more if you like vampires.Thanks for reading, and have a nice day / night."
76561198026361644,Recommended,280600,19772692,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,clockworksaga,"A great indie find on Steam.I had a great time trying to figure out why and who made me a vampire. The game doesn't adapt to your playsytle so you'll need to figure things out. When things got too tough, the game has random dungeon if I needed to grind exp.The controls are good. Once I got past the wonky animations, I felt like part of this dark world."
,Recommended,280600,18315206,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Thrawn,"Game made by one guy.Cool Lore.Reminds me of that other Vampire Rpg.Can Spend hours in Dungeons scoring Loot.Can Sire Your own bloodline.So many good things about this inexpensive title,. I just can't wait to sink my teeth into it after a long day at work. XD"
,Recommended,280600,18317624,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fusi0n .ReaKt0r',"Lovely little gem. Similar to Vampire Masquarades Bloodlines in spirit. It's rough around the edges since it's more or less made by a single person. However, it's very very enjoyable. Little puzzles here and there. Quite a bit of fighting. Little bit of rogue like random crawler. Little bit of intreague. Very pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,280600,20433314,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,paercebal,"TL;DR: That game is awesome but perhaps for a specific kind of gamers (fans of WoD, this game is for  you!).I played a lot Vampire: The Masquerade, and the two video games (Redemption and Bloodlines) are one of my preferred. Still, since then, I have that itch of playing a vampire-related game (not a ""Blade"", or a ""Twilight"", mind you. ""World of Darkness"" related).  And since the disappointment of CCP games' abandonment of their World of Darkness MMORPG, I felt like that itch would remain.Bloodlust: Shadowhunter scratches that itch. All in the right way.I would not be surprised to learn the developers of this game had a similar itch, and went through the whole process or creating a game that was missing (at least, for me).The cons:- The graphics are 10 years-old quality- The interface is sometimes clumsy- Little or no documentation (what does ""MM Knock Back"" means, seriously?)- 32-bits... Seriously, my game crashed once because it reached the ""out of memory"" limit. there must be a leak somewhere, but still... 32-bits?The not-cons:- No control over the save file: I'm a paranoid, so I wasn't  happy when I realized I would not have saves as I desire. The thing is, I realized that I don't really need them. I'm still surprised by that.- The random dungeons: I  hate grinding for XPs or whatever, and the dungeons are a bit frightening... But increasing levels is fast enough, and as long as I don't need to do 100-levels dungeons just to make the story happen, I'll be happy (in fact, at the 4th level, my priority is to get out, because grinding gets boring)- For me, the game crashes if you put high-quality graphics. Don't hesitate to lower them. Then, the game is stable as a rock (only crashed once after that)The pros:- The mood. Despite the primitive graphics, the developer nailed it down. I felt like playing a Kindred in a World of Darkness. The music, and ambient sounds. Everything helps you be part of the story- The story. In spite of random dungeons, there is a story, a  background, and a setting. It's sometimes a bit surprise (every mortal seems to know about vampires?)- Your bloodline. The childer you sire, fighting with you, or gathering loot or blood. Awesome.What I want for Bloodlust 2:- Keep ""Bloodlust"" as the name of your games. Drop ""shadowhunter"".- A larger city- More vampires- More quests- More character appearance customization- A bit more sims-like behavior (mortals, other vampires, etc., and your childer should do things on their own... perhaps even including betraying you!)- making it easy to add quests/characters/mods/(written) dialogs, even city blocks- NOT better graphics. If I wanted graphics, I would be playing whatever current AAA game. I want that specific kind of game, and the graphics were good enough for me.... because if there is a Bloodlust 2 in preparation, count me in, immediately!:-)"
76561198041449993,Recommended,280600,19898828,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ohheyitskevin,"A neat little dungeon crawler that has quite a bit of depth which impressive considering it was apparently created by a single person.  If you can look past the fact that yes it is very clunky in combat and other areas it is an enjoyable experience from what I've played.As others have said it is very similar to Bloodlines, the combat system seems almost identical from what I remember, if you've played that game and got past the clunky combat in it this shouldn't bother you too much.Seems light on story from what I've played but these types of games generally don't have much in the way of story, there is a light mutli choice convo system with your standard persausion options and such.One thing that is neat is that there seems to be secret passages and alternate routes almost every five feet, so there is a good chance you'll get distracted and wander around more than you planned.If clunky combat and poor animations don't bother you too much you'll find a nice little hidden gem that honestly is more interesting than a lot of dungeon crawler RPGs made by big dev teams."
76561197970569033,Recommended,280600,16222709,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,PvtScott,"This game is a weird mix between Vampire: Bloodlines and a dungeon-crawler. If either of those sound intriguing and you don't mind quite a few rough edges, you might want to check out the early access. Receives frequent bugfixes and content updates."
76561197965647784,Recommended,280600,21145600,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,tr0wa2001,"1. This game is fun if you like endless character development...or seemingly.2. If you like action combat you might also enjoy the game.3. IF you are a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ look somewhere else. Also not a lot of character customization in Looks...(creation)4. IF you want and enthralling storing look somewhere else. Although this games gota charm of its own i guess.5. IF you like rng and loot and♥♥♥♥♥♥there is plenty of that.6. This is not a HOLD your hand kind of game, you gotta figure♥♥♥♥♥♥out and think for yourself. In puzzles and character development as well. There is no Wiki i have found yet. It could also be Really hard if you dont try things...skills, attack strategies ect.7. This is nota 60 dollar title not even 30 bucks but for 10-12 bucks id say Get it if you like rpg games. Its essentially d1 3rd person with unlimited character gains...you can even buy skill points with enough money...8. Finally if it really only has 1 main dev Goodjob...this games better than many i have played even mmo games...and as for you wanting co-op that would be great. Like you said maybe in part 2?Overall id say this games honestly rates around a 7 outa 10 for me.While i would change a few things the vast majority of stuff im usually looking for in newer 60 dollar Big name titles IS here and Not there not bad for less than 10 bucks."
,Recommended,280600,22805953,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Satre,"Wonderful game. Writing and character customization could use a little work, and dungeon play gets repetitive, but it was an enjoyable experience for what I paid. Thank you for working so hard on this!"
76561198032794688,Recommended,280600,22466123,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,greyfox452,"Despite poor graphics  and some bugs this game is a lot of fun to play.  Alchemy skill can make you OP really quick with permanent stat potions for Strength, Vitality and Charisma."
76561198074974293,Recommended,280600,28775349,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Crescent Gemini,"For a one man project, this title is by all means not only impressive, but could very well compare and hold itself high on a pedestal next to innovative RPGs from the late 90s and early millenium that defined the genre, such as morrowind, deus ex, Legacy of Kain and of course, Vampire The Masquerade : Bloodlines, wich I beleive this game could be called the late alternative successr of.This game has everything: large array of items to make the ultimate vampire character, skills and abilities galore, intresting (VOICED!) dialogues, a great immersive soundtrack, a neat alluring network of underground places ranging from sewers to crypts to dungeons or just plain dark caves, characters (npcs), a sire system (make you own little coven of blood suckers), simple controls.The graphics didn't seem to be a main focus here but considering what the game offers and the general world aesthetics to compensate this mild lack, I don't mind it.Now the fighting and overall moving system is a bit clunky, but easy to overlook once you get sucked in. However, it is easy to get lost considering the procedural nature of some places, which is immersive, mind you, unless you have a map.A few things I would have liked to see would have been a day/night system, larger cities and underworld cities (perhaps forests), the choice to play as a lycan, mortal witch/sorcerer, lych, ghoul or human, I also understand this world doesn't follow the World Of Darkness universe, which is a tad sad, but not so bad. Another thing I do mind greatly though is the poor customizability of the player character, between a few faces that all look alike and the choice between bald or one hair cut isn't what I would call customizability, but again, once you get into the game, it's easy to forget that.With this said, for those of you looking for a game that brings back the freshness and inovation at the expense of mild clunkyness some of you may have felt from the good ol' days of rpg (1998 to 2004-ish) and for a game that satisfies that void feeling of wretched hunger left behind from finishing Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines one-to-many times and finding no appropriate successor, then look no further, this game is for you. Mind you it's a bit more of a dungeon crawler/rogue kinda game."
,Recommended,280600,17863773,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,KEXXET,Really Good But Everyone Knows The Beta Has Alot Of Updates But This Game Is Still Really Good So I Recommend Every Coin For it so Buy it!  Im Excited about the Co-op so if you want just drop a invite/ invite me on steam so thats nice really recommend it!
,Recommended,280600,17682032,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,krudemon,This game is well worth 12.99 and it gets more updates then any othere early Access game in the history of early Access game.......well i could be wrong but they sure do update alot and that tells me they are working hard to make this the best game it can be.  I would not be looking for this game to come out of early access any time soon they just love working on it but there is still alot to do in it and its ever growing.  Please buy it to help pay for all the hard work there doing for me!  this is my game.  your not to play it just pay and dont install.   thanks
76561197995207287,Recommended,280600,24711609,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Carl James,"Highly recommended.  The game was buggy during my play through, but the devs have clearly been cleaning it up.  To put it in perspective I enjoyed the game so much that I had several different errors occur during the final fight and ended up needing to kill the final boss 3 times before it took and even the final time I only succeeded due to be over leveled and I didn't care I was having so much fun and wanted to see where the story went.  Can't wait to see what comes from this studio next, whether it is an expansion to this game or something entirely new."
76561198060086839,Recommended,280600,19667395,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,YukiWolf,"Reminds me a lot of Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines and Diablo. Randomly generated dungeons, tons of puzzles, but still a few bugs to fix. Nothing however stopped me from beating the game. There were a lot of hard to find quests and some I never even found, which I wish I could have but there isn't a lot of information on this game in the community. The biggest thing that frustrated me with this game is the fact that there are no save files, just one character. Iinteresting things like quest givers actually getting mad and you failing the quest if you try to talk to them too much before finishing the quest. Awesome random loot. I loved that headshots were a thing. A mid-range follow AI for followers would have been nice. I didn't figure out for the longest time that the sewer grates were a fast travel system. The creators are very responsive on bug-reports and even help out if you're lost. Over all I really enjoyed it, and would love to see more games like this."
76561198005500636,Recommended,280600,15335766,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,widd3rmal,"At first I thought this game didn't look too good, but I gave it a chance because, well I loved VtM:Bloodlines. Honestly this game positively surprised me, it might still need a lot of work but I'll recommend it, even if the name is a bit cheesy xD"
76561198095214361,Recommended,280600,17230616,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BK-201,fun vampire dungeon crawl
76561197982844462,Recommended,280600,18139156,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,brassi77,Good action rpg well worth the money.  Good character progression that is meaningful.  This game is like a mix between Bloodlines and Van Hesling
,Recommended,280600,14761767,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Vinz,"It's slightly inspired by World of Darkness and the Masquerade, should I say more?Somehow it's closer to Redemption than Bloodlines.Tons of stuff to do and loot, great atmosphere, excellent replayability!"
76561198040796843,Not Recommended,280600,33306065,Posted: 6 July,all,seligiline,"Cool concept and I can definitely see how this would appeal to some people.Personally I found it a little rough with fairly poor explanations of things. Looks like it requires a conscious effort to learn how to play in which case it could be very rewarding.I am refunding it but I think I am only doing this as it is not really fantasy, if I were a vampire fiend I would probably very much enjoy this game.In a nutshell, too rough for me to enjoy as I am not being very forgiving due to wrong genre."
,Recommended,280600,14914197,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,"This game is ambitious to a fault. I have no idea if the crazy number of features and interlocking systems will ever come together, but I got to give some credit for trying."
,Recommended,280600,14802971,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Alu,"Are you into Vampires, No?Are you into ""games like that"" No?Well in that case BUY it! know WHY?'cos it's just so ENJOYABLE to play! simple as that! it's the very core of WHY we play games after all, the author captured that! You will just get sucked into this game like a Vampire with its fangs into a victim! but instead of pouring blood you will be pouring hours from your life! (hey! hours good spend ;)!"
76561198027435254,Recommended,280600,26078366,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Murder_Punch,"This is a very addictive RPG/Masquerade style game. The minimap takes some getting used to but, all in all, really good.Also, PSA: if you can't find King's Bullets, check your inventory when you go to the next level of the Passage. They are usually there."
,Recommended,280600,18857377,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jackrabbit_V6,"Firts off, yea...one can easily criticise the old school grafics and gameplay... but everyone who does, i dare them creating a better game ALONE, which is what the developer did...that being said: the game feels alot like a nice mix of Vampire Redemtion and Bloodlines. As a fan of both games and the World of Darkness franchise as a whole, i can only recommend it to anyone who can deal with out-of-date technology...for every Vampire fan this is probably the best we can get and hope for, given that CCP dropped ""WoD"" for the huge failure that Dust 514, which many players, including me, told them it would be the way they approached it... well, dont wanna start a rant on that here...WoD fans should definately buy this, the guy who made this definately did a great job, that some bigger teams could take as an example... support your local indies :D"
76561198126916371,Recommended,280600,24893714,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TobiBooneTheSmallSpoon,"Really enjoying the challenging gameplay and dungeon crawling, graphics are pleasing and the color pallete really does reflect what I would think wandering around a crypt would be like. Cannot wait to pour more hours into this game!!"
76561198027292868,Recommended,280600,33981201,Posted: 2 August,all,UlysessTheWanderer,one of the best dungeon crawlers ever 10/10
,Recommended,280600,20313852,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KittKatt,looveeee ittttttttttttt
,Recommended,280600,18316704,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bonaduce,"I haven't had this much fun with such a unique vampire-themed rpg that actually delivers on so many of its promises. It's as many have stated a bit of a rough cut diamond but as I started playing more into the game I found myself continuing to say ""wait you can actually do that""? I'm still early on at the time of my writing this in the story to really judge the plot, at the moment it's both in my opinion a bit open ended and a bit thin. I'm still a ""fledgling"" learning my roots and how to use my powers and the depth of how I can grow said powers is really awesome. There's something here for vampire rpg fans, but also know that you're going to have to be a fan of, well not ""hardcore"" dungeon diving but there are some straightforward dungeon crawling elements. So grab your newly sired minion, your suspense in disbelief that snakes can repopulate in a matter of seconds and I would say definitely buy this gem of a game. At the current cost of $12.99 I still say you're really going to get what you paid for it."
,Recommended,280600,21312030,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Malificarr,"This game pretty much delivers exactly what it promises and the updates are ongoing and significant. The devs definitely seem to treat Bloodlust like a labor of love. If you enjoyed Vampire: Bloodlines and want a modern ARPG that is kind of similar, you found it.Best early access experience I've had on Steam and I'm pretty happy with how it turned out too."
,Recommended,280600,15216493,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Masquerade,"I would only highly recommend this game to Vampire fans or hack n slash(dungeon crawling fans).It has huge potential, and the devs listen for feedback.Overall it's not too bad.Pros:- Many abilities (depending on clan faction)- 100 + dungeon levels to explore; that get more, and more challenging as you go further.- Dungeon levels are randomized (Like Diablo, no dungeon layout is the same)-The ability to sire and entire family/mini army.-Devs listen for feedback, and often answer questions on the forum-Vampires!Cons:-Little outdated graphics-Voice acting could use some work-Despite the different abilities for the clans. There are no real characteristic differences; and getting rep means you can use all the abilities. Making abilities not feel unique."
76561198113056777,Recommended,280600,26630378,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Velvet Scarlatina,i enjoy the game but there are a few bugs aka my save deleted itself again x2apart from that i think this game has good parts and bad parts1. warrior finds the best bladed weapons understandable cons. can't find magical items rarely2. witch can see loot on map and see through walls cons. gets stupid when you drop a crap/trash itemand 3. theif/crimanal lol good crit rate and lockpicking/disarm epic cons. low physical dmg until you can up your strengthbut still i enjoy it for the closelessness to vampire the masqurade bloodlines if you liked that you will love this
,Recommended,280600,18272298,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,wazabadoo,"TLDR: This game is an unpolished diamond. It has many many tiny flaws, but a lot of great features. Not for everyone, but heartily recommend.First of all, ignore the comparisons to diablo and V:TM. While some parts of Bloodlust certainly were inspired by those games, they are not anything alike. I would compare the ""feel"" of the gameplay more to the jedi knight series, with very little acrobatics. Instead, the game has a heavy focus of powering up your character and exploration. If you do not like taking your time to look under every nook and cranny, you will probably not like this game.As an exclusively melee character, I feel I have experienced the worst of the game, and loved every minute of it. Here are the annoyances I've personnally met:Hit reactions are a ♥♥♥♥♥sometimes it seems your hits just aren't doing damage (possibly because of unclear weapon range)Weapons break very easily, have to go inside a dungeon or craft expensive (relatively) items to repair themBeing swarmed is a ♥♥♥♥♥Some enemies are just harmless (but big) stacks of HPBackstab is ridiculously easy to pull off, but won't work against most enemiesThe quest journal is unreliable, but you don't need it to do anythingBut despite all this, the drive to explore new areas, to try and be liked by the various vampire clans, and to unravel the main story keeps you hooked.The game could be explained as 2 parts: exploring and puzzle solving, and adventure dungeon delving.The exploration is incredibly organic. You are introduced to most ""exploration"" powers in the first area, and only have to be attentive to details to figure out the solutions. You will have to leave some things behind, but when you unlock new powers, a solution to an old puzzle will spark. You will often wonder if the people you meet are allies or foes, and, depending on your actions, they might be either. You will have to be carful not to trespass on an unfriendly clan's territory, or at least not get caught doing it.When not exploring, you will be delving in a series of infinite randomized dungeons, fetching rare items npcs you want something from sent you to get, or simply getting better gear. The dungeons patterns are easy to recognize, although there are a few rarer rooms you might get that keeps things fresh. I only went to floor 16, which was deep enough for my purposes, and I am sure there are many things I did not see. There are 5 (to my knowledge) different dungeon tilesets, each with unique enemies and mini-bosses.Perhaps the most refreshing feature of the game is that it barely cares about balance. You start off weak, and can very well stay weak. If you are well versed in RPGs, I am sure you will have no trouble finding a build that works, and that is enough to complete the game. There is a ""power ceiling"" that you can break through, a turning point where you suddenly start kicking some serious♥♥♥♥♥ There are various ways to attain this power, and no limits to the power you can attain. Powergamers can find a very satisfying experience in this game.You have the option to persuade NPCs to advance the story, but you do not need much investment in the stat to fill the requirements for the whole game, especially with items that boost it. There is something of a stealth system, but no real rewards for it, nor much point to it. It's there, but it might as well be non-existent.All in all, this is a very raw game experience that somehow manages to make me nostalgic despite being recently released. I can certainly see this game becoming a cult classic, and eagerly awaits whatever new projects WRF Studios work on."
76561198006872704,Recommended,280600,21610271,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,matt7321,This! yes yes yes only just barely touched it .but bloodlines  came back to me in spades.. its a must for all fans . And i gotta say just WOW on the effort  for a one man bad. looking at how this maaay (?) develop into a series in the long run.
76561198081592146,Recommended,280600,14845277,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,scottthoma,the key binding option is a mess.the basics need to be there.I like the game but as it sits its not enjoyable.a few little fixes would make a significant difference.still a thumbs up being in alpha.
76561198032614898,Recommended,280600,16468887,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rengard,"Don't get me wrong i love this game. very good for a beta. but still, the animations for weilding a weapon look like you're just flailing your arm around with little impact felt with each blow, and the way you hold the flashlight and weapon seems *i know it's a game* wholly unrealistic. i also wish there was more in depth character customization in the beginning, like hair, face, body type etc and clothing options! i want more clothing options bwaaah. that much is very bland but on the other hand it is still beta and i hope these are things that are touched up on. the animations for melee just tickle me the wrong way though. all this aside i really love this game and i advise getting it if you love vampire lore. and it certainly quenches my vampiric thirst for adventure and such. i have this and vampire the masquerade. two of the only vampire games you will ever need. Mod support would be nice too!"
76561198100882147,Recommended,280600,16367021,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Petrenko,No Bloodline but great anyway.Fights feel good. Dungeons are worth looting.I'd like to have more combat and less minipuzzling.Orientation is sometimes a bit of a problem.It progresses well and it is made just by one guy.I'd support this.
76561198035974710,Recommended,280600,14816822,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,AlexZ,Did you love VTMB ? Do you like action rpgs ? Do you have 12.99 ? Then stop reading this immediately and buy this game I'm going to call it a spirital sister to vtmb. While vtmb had more rpg conversations this has a very cool dungeon mechanic.Seriously though stop reading and buy it allready !!
76561197990020878,Recommended,280600,17439380,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Miles,"Love the game so far -- there are precious too few vampire games.  However, maybe three hours in I came to a point where I needed a ""drill"" to progress. Would take me an hour to find my way back and find/buy one, and I don't have the patience. I hope they add a console feature where I can ‘add item’, because there is no way I’m backtracking that far."
76561198053422627,Recommended,280600,14736563,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Here's a link to my First Play video on this games early access launch day:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8BL9GI8gxsThis game was a pleasant surprise to me.For $12.99, this game is loaded with cool stuff.  Cool stuff like the need to feed on the blood of living creatures found in the crypts and dungeon corridors.  Cool stuff like walls that need to be inspected close.. any wall could be breakable and reveal hidden passages and rooms.  The evil monsters found so far are fun to fight, and drop a lot of variety of loot, everything from healing potions to scrolls of identify to magical armor.The animations and graphics are quite impressive for such a small development team.  They look much better then they do in the trailer above.I haven't play much yet, so I can't accurately score this game.  But what I can do is tell you already that this game is well worth it's asking price, especially for any RPG, vampire, or dungeon-crawling adventure fan.Watch my video and judge for yourself.  And then keep in mind that this is just the first day of it's early access release.WoW.Excuse me, I need to go suck some blood from the rats in my cellar.  ..I wouldn't want to grow weak while talking too much about this game.  ;-)- Zaxx"
,Recommended,280600,19755549,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Carolc9,I love this game. I have had fun with it during the launch period and having more now..
76561198108269527,Recommended,280600,14877153,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"VTM Bloodlines with more intricate skills/talent system and better, Diablo-esque randomized loot!!!! and create your own minions!!!!Yes!!!!!!!"
76561197985975828,Recommended,280600,20056719,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bobski,Reminds me of VTM Bloodlines. Well done dev's!
76561198018853314,Recommended,280600,16834541,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,vigilant,Game is good but it needs  a balanced Hardcore mode between hard and insane difficulty
,Recommended,280600,14750216,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Sorvainto,so far this game is pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,280600,33411805,Posted: 9 July,all,El Presidente,"Good things:You can be Vampire, Dhampir (lame name for half vampire) and someone else (locked for me).You can increase stats such as Charisma, Vitality, Dexterity etc.You can unlock and upgrade powers.You can unlock passive bonuses for powers.You can have minions (Sire menu).You can use ranged or melee weapons.Now about dark side of the game.Combat is crap. It will work better in MMO.Locations are bad. It`s dungeon crawl game. Non-dungeon locations are small and boring. You kill enemies in the dark and move further or should i say lower?You need to buy keys to open some doors in dungeons...So called puzzles are ""Find lever, use Gaze, open the secret door"".Customization is limited to hats / masks visually. You can change rings, pants etc, but i haven`t noticed the difference. Maybe i am blind or it was too dark.Voice acting is bad.Did i forgot something? Hope not.I like the things i mentioned. Power system with active powers, passive bonuses, reputation etc, but this game is an offspring of dungeon crawl and MMO with bad customization system.Sad truth.It is better than some more popular games, but ain`t that good."
76561197968671413,Recommended,280600,18147648,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MadCol,"Looks a bit ""old"", but the core of the game is great."
,Recommended,280600,18155307,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Necroscourge,"So the obvious paralell for this game is Vampire: The Masqeurade, acting as a barely affiliated sequel. Storywise it's garbage, you wake up in a tomb with several NPC's with lame dialogue and are essentially hinted at several timest hat the Emperor is bad and must be replaced. You are referred to as a Fledgeling, and despite quickly having access to secret-finding eyesight you will be relying on a dinky flashlight for all vision. The Dev's claim because they call you something in game we are supposed to accept that fresh vampires can't see in the dark as if that's not completely rediculous. Any creature that is created through magic and only able to live at night can be assumed to see in the dark. If you turn your brain off and realize the Dev's have no idea what vampires of fables can and cannot do, this game is enjoyable.The game would be more impressive if there was ever a good Vampire: The Masquerade game. Bloodlines was okay in that it was too linear for my tastes but otherwise pretty entertaining. But let us be brutally honest in this respect: WoD won't have a good game title while the entire community is split between the new and old darkness settings. In a way this is where Bloodlust shines, it's generic brand vampire angst. There are a few different vampire families, your class decides which likes you the most.The puzzles in the game are fantastic because they explain the rules of the puzzles very early on and make it clear that there are a ton of them. Other games rarely commit to avid puzzle use, but Bloodlust embraces it. You have several abilities right at the beginning that allow you to explore the environment, including a spiritual ball you can use to remotely trigger switches (YET YOU CAN'T SEE IN THE FRIKKIN DARK!) which allows you to open up side passages filled with goodies. While the puzzles are good, when they say this game is mixed with Diablo they DO NOT mean the good ones from the series, they mean 3. Prepare to mindlessly stack attributes while filling up several talent and skill tree's. You end up needing all of them to some degree, so it's not as bad, but it's still pretty lame pseudo-rpg development.A ""selling point"" of the game is that it has a boring minion system that it pretends is an exciting family development mechanic. When you have a minion slot, if you bite a human they turn into a vampire and serve you. They can level up, do chores, and fight with you. Unfortunatly I don't know how to get rid of them, the tutorial entices you to turn an ugly bum when there are hot women on the surface to turn. Wading into combat didn't kill him, but it sure kills me. I wish the family mechanics were anywhere near as good as advertised, instead just being another generic mechanic with ""vampire"" written in permenant marker over it.If you ignore everything but the general attitude and vibe of the game and love dungeon-crawling then you should be able to enjoy this game. Vampire fans of any kind will immediatly get frustrated at how badly the game portrays vampiric lore, especially World of Darkness fans. Everything vampiric in the game is a loose parody of a WoD concept down to them slipping up and referring to how vampires are made as the WoD term ""The Embrace"".Is the game worth $13? Yes. It's something you can play for a few hours at a time and just build up your character without having a big story thrusted onto you. What Bloodlust isin't would be a good RPG; Making numbers get bigger isin't enticing character devlopment, nor is picking from talent tree's. Your ""minions"" are just that, they are emotionless lackies. It's a run and gun dungeon crawler with a bunch of gameplay mechanics carrying a very loose vampire theme. And I guess that's okay.EDIT: Today the Dev added the ability to get rid of minions using cloves of garlic, so that is resolved. Be sure to upvote my truthful reveiws."
76561198005357673,Recommended,280600,18490592,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,KarmA,i was...am(i would play it anyday)  obsessed with VTMB. this game is pretty good at giving me that fix pretty well.
76561198024821508,Recommended,280600,18159408,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,streaks_art,"Fun game I suppose.It's got a retro feel to it.Funny how your minions just appear out of thin air when you call them back.And it's still got some bugs. I encountered the ""BUILT WITH UDK has stopped responding"" thing.This game is proof that gameplay, trumps graphics."
76561198134437913,Recommended,280600,18177634,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Alarc,"Buy this game , you wont regret it ..it is not perfect by any means but if you think about it, it was created  by just one guy .. but let me tell you this.. he did one hell of a job..trust me you ll get your moneys  worth..the game has a pretty cool story, is admospheric with pretty good game mechanics and combat sistem.. i only hope the creator keeps suporting it and finish polishing it."
76561198043671770,Recommended,280600,18166930,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Mutini,"Cute game for the price.  Kind of a slow paced Diablo/Bloodlines cross.  Graphics arent great but they do the job.  Voice acting(what there is of it) isnt great but its not annoying, music is repetative but not really annoying either.   I guess the worst thing that can be said about this game is that it definately ""feels"" dated.  Not just the graphics either.  Combat is sluggish and charector movements are as well.  Oh and the landscape/backgrounds/surroundings are similar to that of much older 3D games.  Having said all that, I find the game fun to play in a relaxing sort of way.  If it had a bigger price tag, my advice would be to stay away from it for sure.  But at the price that I bought it for(6 bucks on sale), I definately recomend it.Update:  After playing the game for a little while longer, I am actually enjoying it MORE and not less.  I cant say that about many of the games that Ive paid much more money for.  My previous observations about the game are still true(at least to me).  The game does seem ""dated"" in many ways.  On the other hand, its a game that has been done well and the further that you get into it the more you actually like it.  One of the cool things that Ive discovered about the game is that you really need to invest in ALL your stats to do well(not like some games where you just max out only the couple of stats which are important to the class that you play).  Similarly, you will find most of the skills on your skill tree actually USEFULL.  You will USE a majority of them on a regular basis to play the game well.  Is this game worth the $12-$13 asking price?  Now that Ive played it for awhile, my opinion is YES.  It is.  Im glad that I got it on sale but again, in my opinion, you wont go wrong by paying full price for this either.  Really good, solid game."
,Recommended,280600,18192881,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,M.Drip,I sired a zombie from Resident Evil 1.
,Recommended,280600,18150884,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Nebael,"Been following this game for 2-3 years now, patiently waiting for its release.It's everything I expected it to be."
76561198041681580,Recommended,280600,16296481,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,older than dirt,"If you liked the classic Vampire Masqerade Blodlines, or vampire games in gnereal, then give this game a look. Looks good playwise, updates are coming often. If all you wnat is bleeding edge graphics, don't bother. the gameplay, however, is great."
76561198020934519,Recommended,280600,18141186,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,leqesai,"I've only put in 2 hours and I can safely say this is a game worth buying. It is worth buying simply because it feels fresh. It takes points from Vampire Masquerade: Bloodlines and hack-n-slash games but adds a unique spin. It doesn't feel extremely deep (Just left the tutorial zone and am now in the city) but it is fun and caters to build options.I'll keep playing and, for the price, it is a pretty solid game to add to your collection."
,Not Recommended,280600,18316451,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rinera,"A ""mix"" of games really, kind of like Hellgate combined with Diablo and a bit of System Shock on the top, as in it's a 3rd person RPG with a vague story and very long (random) dungeons, along with tons of loot that requires you not screwing up your stats in the process so you can use it.Fairly promising game during the Early Access period, but it had quite a few flaws on its gameplay as the combat was quite clunky, the UI and options menu were done in a day or at least that's how it looked like and generally it lacked overall polish to make you want to continue grinding an infinite amount of identical rooms to get better loot.The disapointing part is that none of those things were changed at all. Sure, the game might be mostly bug free but it's just not that fun for more than a few minutes or a few hours if you particularly like to go through endless grinding with just the promise of loot.It's still getting updated to fix bugs and it kind of looks nice if you mess with the .ini to get the right resolution for your monitor (Unreal engine so easilly accessible), but there isn't much else to see here honestly."
76561198059957100,Recommended,280600,22885951,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Amnesiacube,Going balls deep into the dungeons was a horrible mistake. I'm lost and can't find the exit. Send help and more crossbow bolts.....
76561198009025108,Recommended,280600,16265083,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
76561198007226198,Recommended,280600,18319448,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Lato,"No just no, all that time in early access and the game doesn't even come out in a playable state, I could not get it in full screen, they patched it, It worked then, I started to play the game, they patched it, I can no longer play in full screen...No basic char maker yet I can choose male or female? REALLY?This is a basic game that does not work very good, why is it so hard to make a good vampire game?My advice is just wait for more patches and get it on SALE.-Update-The dev of the game has worked with me to figure out some issues with the game and has been very helpful. Thank you to the dev team. I rec this game now."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,280600,21967313,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SilentButDeadly,"This would have been an awesome game fifteen years ago. By modern standards the graphics, gameplay, controls, story, pretty much everything just lacks the production quality and polish I'm used to.It's awesome that one guy was able to write this game. He could have gotten more out of his time by focusing on the key parts of the game, especially the combat, and making sure that was really fun, polished, and balanced.I put two hours of genuine effort in and never felt like going back."
,Not Recommended,280600,18144908,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mr. Mister,"Overall very bad game. I could understand if this was something from 2000 or before but this is a 2015 release and it's less polished than most early access games.Options menu is abysmal though it doesn't matter since the game can play on any computer you've had laying around for 20 years. Skills are broken in some of the most unacceptable ways. (Summoning more than 1 rat can cause them to glitch inside of eachother and be unable to move.) The voices are pitiful, dialogue options seem relatively useless aside from always choose persuade if you have enough points.How is the sire system though? That seems to be a big point of this game. Well, not too great either. Any command aside from ""Follow me."" is them just turning into a mist and disappearing to go pray to the RNG for something to give you. Aside from that there's a simplified version of your own stat system to give them and... That's about it.I was really hoping for a Bloodlines-esque game that was just made for modern-day but instead what I got was a less enjoyable experience in every way possible compared to Bloodlines."
76561197982494901,Not Recommended,280600,22149165,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sundog1,"The very positive reviewers must of been playing a differant game to me...Spiritual successor to VtM Bloodlines? Not even close.An interesting Amateur Horror ARPG....absolutely, worth £10 sure, but don't expect miracles or polished gameplay and voice acting, its amateur dramatics hour at the local tabletop gamers club and they all did the voice acting i think...."
,Not Recommended,280600,19953345,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"BloodLust Shadowhunteris so unremarkable that I honestly find it difficult to properly review.Like, okay, it's almost entirely the work of one man; I understand that completely. In some ways, I'm even genuinely impressed, its visuals, atmosphere and overall concept all commendable under the circumstances.The audio work? Amateur at best, on par with a high school mixing lab project; in a world where competent bedroom producers are a click away, there's no reason not to aim for better. Now that's not to say this wouldn't be reasonably excusable if the gameplay was of any worth, but in this case, it most certainly isn't.Honestly, I'd go so far as to consider the gameplay botched beyond belief, by far the most damning of all flaws, painfully slow, janky controls and borderline broken A.I. entirely baffling in their sheer levels of ineptitude. *This* is what ruinsBloodLust Shadowhunterin its entirety, the proverbial fate-sealing nail on the coffin.Long story short -- stick withVampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines; a buggy mess, sure, but infinitely more enjoyable in comparison."
,Not Recommended,280600,20921030,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Nurgle523,"Bought just about entry into Early Access, expected issues, no problem.The launcher cannot find the game to start. To this day [A year or so?] it is unfixed despite frequent posting by me and others. I found a work-around by using the file itself. I was able to play! Fun game!Now the game crashes no matter what I do.It's a good game, since you can get a refund it's worth seeing if the dice roll in your favor in terms of if the game will work or not."
,Not Recommended,280600,21353037,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,GamerLEN,"No sir, I didn't like it.The controls are goofy, the gameplay is meh at best, and it looks and feels like a game from about fifteen years ago. Not horrible, but not something I'd want to play these days. The music is just an endless loop of the same woman going 'eeeeeeEEEEEEEeeeeeeeee~' in a spooky voice while someone keeps whispering 'come closer, I won't hurt you'.All in all, the game did not grab me whatsoever which is a damn shame because I love games set in the World of Darkness universe like Vampire Bloodlines (which I got the impresison this game was a tribute to).Worst part? The support page for the game doesn't appear to be working correctly so I can't get a refund.Buyer very much beware.EDIT: Got the support page working and the refund is pending, its just loading stupidly slow for some reason."
,Not Recommended,280600,18190801,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,HappyZavulon,"Even though the game has left Early Access the game is clearly far from finished.The voice acting is all over the place (both volume levels and quality are very inconsistent), some people sound decent, yet most sound like they were recorded in a bathroom trying to sound ""evil"" and failing.Even the first character you meet sounds like a different dude a few lines in (I assume some of his his VO was recorded separately in a different place). You also have times when the subtitles don't appear.The character animations are terrible, the zombies pop out from nowhere and twitch like crazy when you hit them (same goes for your character when he gets hit). I managed to find a companion a few minutes in to the game and when I set him to ""follow"" he just floated around in a ""T"" pose.Oh and I also had to unplug all my peripherals otherwise the mouse cursor would always fly to the left and get stuck there.The game clearly has a few neat ideas, but it definitely needs a few more years in the oven. I do not recommend buying the game in it's current state."
76561197998387606,Recommended,280600,32471865,Posted: 16 June,all,nogglebeak,Pretty deep dungeon crawling.
,Not Recommended,280600,28767337,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VassagoPT,"I already purchased and refunded this game once because it didn't even launch on my laptop.I decided to purchase Bloodlust again since I have a brand new gaming desktop and although this time I'm able to launch, it still has very unstable fps to the point its impossible for me to enjoy it (frequent drops from 60 to 20 or lower fps).I'm aware of the low budget involved in the making of this game but I've been craving for a new Vampire game for a long time so I was ready to forgive the clunckiness of the animations and menus.I really tried to enjoy this game, the gameplay itself felt interesting enough and the Vampire vibe is certainly there,  but unfortunately I couldn't.I'll be keeping an eye on future updates but for now I need to get a refund before I loose the opportunity to do so.It pains me to give a thumbs down to the only game who's developer was brave enough to tackle the Vampire universe in years, especially since all this game really lacks is some polish, but at the moment I just can't recommend it :("
76561198065765042,Not Recommended,280600,18156808,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Billy6guns,"I loved Vampire: Bloodlines, but this is... ""Meh""  Right from the get-go i was very uninspired by the story and just wanted to get the hell out of the begining dungen to explore the city. Once there, i was further unimpressed with lack of life, the city seemed dead. Then suddenly im attacked by some vampire hunter for no apparent reason, who seems to be such a high level that there really was no hope of winning while on a quest to go into a locked basment that the questgiver supposedly gave me the key to but really didnt.All in all it was a very disappointing experiance. I understand this was made by like one guy, wich is impressive as hell, but unfortunatly it shows."
76561198080516863,Not Recommended,280600,18224553,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mhuuz,"Terrible, Just.. Terrible.In my 90 minutes of game time the game crashed several times, the audio is awful, the game basic mechanics are AWFUL and most importantly the combat mechanics which this game is supposed to focus on since it's a dungeon crawler, is just awful.People who said this is similar to diablo and masquarade should replay those games and redo the review.I would not recommend to buy this game even from a sale."
,Not Recommended,280600,18243898,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ThisIsG,"save your money... nothing like diablo, nothing like VTMB (except maybe cause it has vampires). game is buggy as all. feels like a rushed product more then a fully finished game."
76561198046577942,Not Recommended,280600,28929523,Posted: 1 January,all,AvaronGansdell,"I tend to like Vampire games, but I seriously could not even give this one a full hour before I just got sick of it, I dont know how long I could play it but between the painfully clunky controls and the lack of a solid early plot to drag you into the story I just cant get into it. It reminds me of Morrowind, Here slave your free go do whatever and hope you find some plot.I will say I love when anyone includes vampires or Fae in there games and that its the work of mostly just one guy is incredible, someone at a big company should hire him fast.I actually think the game might run better if it had been full on RPG based on something like the old Bioware D&D games, like a planescape torment but with vampires."
76561198019964935,Not Recommended,280600,21160121,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Yglika,"This is not much a review, rather a warning. I bought this because I like to play evil sorceress/vamp and I love games which offer choices and consequences. Sadly as promising as it may look, the game ruined it all at the very start. Why? Because it allows only ONE AUTOMATIC SAVE! So, yeah you make a wrong choice because of miunderstanding or simply curiosity and now what? Play again? A marvelous example how to ruin the mood to even try the (perhaps good) game at the very beginning."
,Not Recommended,280600,18558153,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"Has the diablo problem where your first run is going to be plagued with mis spent stats...Compounded indefinitely with that enemies level with you, so to get stats to use better equipment you create stronger enemies that scale faster than you.Also, forced my CPU to run at a minimum of 95% while doing nothing what so ever.Do research on this before buying, the preliminary I was able to find was not really representative of what I got."
76561198018953506,Not Recommended,280600,21293981,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,知っているプロに,"400mb update makes it full release.......clunky and buggy in my 1.4 hrs os playtime 3 crashes. Another developer that has bitten off more than they can chew and rather than adimt that, they claim this is a copmplete and working game. That would be a lie. DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,280600,32188972,Posted: 4 June,all,tech-boy,a fun game and i love some of lorn bit for vampire that the maker use own thing i wish if was better at the game ;(
76561198062483455,Not Recommended,280600,18143263,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,"I can't see why people like this game. It looks awful. It plays awful. It sounds awful. The sound quality and visuals gave me a headache ten minutes in. Voice Acting is subpar. It has potential, but I just can't stand it. Nothing like I thought it would be. Developers got some things right, such as allowing us to have minions, factions, changes in quests and dialogues, etc... but it's just not enough to keep me interested. Requested a refund before an hour of playtime.Improvements must be made in many fields if I'm to be interested again. I'm happy for those who like it, but i just can't recommend it, myself."
76561198011913543,Not Recommended,280600,18763797,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kinetic,"This is the first time I've ever bothered to get a refund. And man am I glad there's the option to apply for one. This is easily the worst game Ive played  in a long time, and the worst purchase Ive made on steam.The game is not only terribly boring, but also comes with random frame rate loss, aweful looking textures, and random game crashes to round out an overall lackluster experience.How the hell this game has ""Very Positive"" ratings is beyond me. I don't expect much, but even this game is well below my tolerance for quality and entertainment. It's just not worth it. Even on sale, this game instead should be free to play imo"
76561198028151550,Not Recommended,280600,19237376,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Teeg0110,"On the bright side, this game was a great way for me to learn how to get a refund on Steam."
76561198032062819,Not Recommended,280600,23875091,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,kingbankai,This game is a sack of crap. The animations are terrible. Like Oblivion's aborted baby with Arma terrible. The game sound feels mixed with Audacity by a 10 year old. It reminds me if Vampire Bloodlines was made by the latest Fable port. The game has a great concept with♥♥♥♥♥♥controls (if Arma had a cripple for a character) and asinine voice acting to boot. The game is not as complicated as the developer claims. It just sucks in design.
76561197994996821,Recommended,280600,18196686,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Septema,"Even with dated  graphics, this is an enjoyable old style dungeon crawler game.  Originally, I had an error that crashed the game every time I got down to level 4 in a dungeon.  The forums show that a number of various crashes exist in the game but the developer is active in the forums and attempts to assist with suggestions to cure the problems encountered.  After trying his correction, I have played without a single crash occuring and am pushing level 30 whereas before I was restarting before even getting to level 6.  The game runs well without any lag.  Controls are simple and adjustable to an extent.  Character creation is fairly basic but the skill trees are varied and while I'm not sure, I think they are initially randomly set up as I recall on the different warrior classes I've made they all started out with different skill trees.  Maybe I'm confused about that though.  Regardless, this game is an enjoyable trip down memory lane for anyone who was playing dungeon crawler games at the onset of the 3-d graphic types."
,Recommended,280600,18067722,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Nonautomaton,"A very interesting game with a lot of potential.The developer seems very active and helpful, willing to work on the games flaws and continue to implement improvements and new ideas."
76561198029904609,Recommended,280600,35468820,Posted: 4 October,all,bear_storm,"A very tentative yes on this game, because it doesn't feel fully baked.What it is: A one-man project recreating the feel of Vampire: The Masquerade: Bloodlines, with some original worldbuilding, an absolutely perfect mood, and a lot of vacant-feeling MMO elements.Gameplay is a first-person, over-the-shoulder hub-based dungeon-crawler. Areas in Bloodhunter are either lavishly designed or completely bare, depending on whether they're handmade by the creator or thrown together by the program that generates the dungeons. The handmade areas feel a bit like Grimrock in that they're bristling with puzzles and secrets that the three different starting classes of the game interact with in different ways. They can be a little frustrating until you figure out the gimmick (always have vampire sight on and play as a witch), but it's neat to see so much content crammed into the starting area.Unfortunately, as the game opens up, the more boring randomgen dungeons start to predominate. On top of that, enemies aren't really complex or interesting, and player powers are mostly either utility (vampire sight, mistform, teleport) or different flavors of dps. There are a handful of temporary buffs, but I've never felt the need to use one, because combat has never felt like a challenge. Even boss-fights are just circle-kiteing with a ranged weapon. They drag, but there's no real danger in them.One of Bloodhunter's more engaging features is the host of vampire clans that the player can encounter. Each has a hidden base in the hubworld, each has a string of quests, and each quest chain intersects with those of the other clans. Unfortunately, many of the quests involve going down into the dungeon, but those that don't make the world feel more immersive.Progression in Bloodhunter is a mix of attributes, skills, talents, and gear. Gear is relatively low-churn and can be had pretty easily, although a reasonable ammount of inventory space is locked behind spending talent points to get new inventory pages, and reasonable sale prices are locked behind having a high Persuasion stat.Taken together with the kind of barren dungeons, the simple but balanced skills, and the gear progression that's entirely divorced from the plot progression, a lot of the game's balance decisions make sense for if it were going to be an MMO and then sharply veered off, which appears to be what actually happened.Still, what remains is exceptionally good for a one-man project. It's sprawling, not constrained. The tone is dead-on for the kind of melodramatic action-goth thing the game is trying to invoke. If you liked the Underworld movies, or you didn't take Vampire: The Masquerade too seriously, and if you don't mind playing through something that isn't perfectly cohesive, this is a totally reasonable way to spend a dozen hours or so."
