user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007529485,Not Recommended,280790,12133233,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Dragadunk,"As of this moment I see the potential to be the evolution of minecraft. I mean this game could be fun and fantastic co op. They had to be greedy and ruin it with a cash shop though. You literally have to wait on extractors and things to mine and build 5 minutes and up. You can of course rush things with their in game mojo points. When you run out though, despite paying 20 bucks for the game. It's either pay to mine or wait forever. Oh well, was fun while the stuff lasted onward to better games."
76561198018195133,Not Recommended,280790,12255048,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,torrentula81,The game that makes you wait longer then you can take a dump. Pay or wait forever. Pay to have the best items. Purchased recipes can't be earned in game. It's your classic Free to Play get rich now regardless of how badly it messes with the game. It could have been bigger then minecraft.Save your money and time unless waiting 5+ minutes for each ore to be harvested. The best extractor can only be bought. So theres your pay for best items. Currently (going to be removed and reworked) they have a pay now to speed up crafting. I'm probly half way through the games ladder of ores. Crafting is insanely long. It's like 3 hours in-between mining runs spent on crafting. People have over 50 crafting machines because this games design is so flawed trying to get around it. Like I said it's changing but I mention it to demonstrate the character of the these devs. They thought lets make crafting take hours and stick a pay now button next to it.We have a best item only available through purchase.wait time attached to everything from crafting to mining.Pay for quicker noraml paced gameplay. (extractor and the pay now)Online only cloud saves. Game no longer supported its over.
76561198072017110,Not Recommended,280790,13373269,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ssenkrad_II,"UPDATE 9/11/2015Well it has finally happened, PlayfulCO has moved up in the world from the ""greedy, lying, misinformation"" company into the ""censorship, theocracy (where they are the Gods), and terrorist” company. What better day for them to transition than on Sept 11th? What better day?Gamers everywhere, if you support this game you are not only supporting a downright evil company, you are the cause of the downfall that is video gaming. You need to pull your heads out of your butts and start opening your eyes. If you support these companies and these business practices you are the cause of the “Early Access” problems, the cause of “PTW/PTP/PTC” problems, and the cause of video game companies having the right to stifle freedom of information with censorship. You ARE the cause of gaming review companies, personalities, and publications going the way of the “sell out”, and why? Because if they don’t “sell out” they are “snuffed out”.Today, on Sept 11th, I have been permanently banned from Sell-a-verse forums. Was I given a warning? Nope. Was I talked to? Nope. And why was I banned? Here, take a look for yourself:http://steamcommunity.com/app/280790/discussions/0/517141624282545953/Oh, and don’t worry. If they destroy the evidence and that link doesn’t work check out my blog, I have every screenshot needed for you to take a look at. (http://www.tihie.com/creativerse.html)So what happened? Someone (Will have to censor screenshots as to not get myself in trouble with Steam) whose first language is French, had a problem. You see he bought the game because it says “solo play” in the description and bought the game in a bundle and now finds out that the game is “online only”. He asked for help and doesn’t understand why the game can’t be played offline. I post a comment (in English and then I took the time to translate it into French for him) explaining how the game is going the FTP micro transactions *(PTW/PTP/PTC) route and that is why it will always be online. I also tell him that he should have read reviews before buying said game (hoping that he would do so in the future but also because some of us take the time out of our lives to try and help other gamers, the least you could do is read it and inform yourself). He then thanked me, first for taking the time to respond, second because I translated it into French for him to easily understand, and third for answering his question.What happens next? Enter Fan Boi (let’s call him “Bent”) Bent, he wants to turn the thread into how the game isn’t a PTW/PTP/PTC game, basically giving the middle finger to the person with the problem, and then reports me. Within minutes I am permanently banned for helping this French person with the problem. I get a message:“You don't seem interested in having a civil discourse with our community and seem to delight in spreading misinformation about our game and business model. We think you'd be happier spending your time somewhere else. Goodbye.”Please feel free to read my older reviews for this game on my blog, check out all of my postings in the Sell-a-verse forums, please read that thread above (if they haven’t killed it) and you tell me if I have not been civil, if I have not been doing anything but spreading simple truths. I would be happier spending my time somewhere else, and I shall. More importantly, gamers, so should you. This sort of “people in power quelling people’s voices just because they don’t like what they are saying”, THAT is the death of gaming as we know it, THAT is the death of honest game reviewers as we know it, that SHOULD be the death of early access! Who is going to give an honest review when they get censored? Who is going to give an honest review when they will never be given early copies of games and/or have to buy every single one of the games they review? When companies start censoring conversations that scare them and then only give access to those that will say what they want to say what do you have left?In my last review (which you can find on my blog) I pointed out that a lot of the reviews had tags/titles that read “reviewed with key sent by developers”, since that time they have all removed that tag. Every, single, one of those “given free keys” (hundreds of these reviews on Steam) was “positive”.Over the course of this game I have given voice to the thousands (literally) that hate the PTW/PTC/PTP game destroying features in this game, features including but not limited to this:http://steamcommunity.com/app/280790/discussions/0/619573787463233789/And I have done so civilly and with facts.(*After posting this review PlayfulCO locked my review and deleted every-single-post I have ever made in their forums in a spectacularly guilty attempt to cover themselves and the truth*)Bottom line is this, you want to buy into early access and support this game YOU are the problem with gaming. And how does Steam respond? By putting reviews that get 50%, 69%, and 70% “found helpful” in the “most helpful” section because they are all “positive” reviews when all of the negative reviews are much, much higher. Tell me this isn’t censorship? Tell me this isn’t “buying away all the negative reviews so no one ever sees them…” If you have a brain, or if you care about gaming in the slightest, do NOT support this game/company or any like it.TL;CRLook, you can’t read because it will fry your brain but honestly want to know what this game is about, then go toPlayfulcorp.com/candycraft2and see for yourself. Honestly don’t know how long that will continue to be up on their website before they take it down, it is a PR nightmare.*Please don't bother commenting on review to let me know that ""you ♥♥♥ need go die in whole yo!"" because I will just delete it...**I suppose people don't even get this far in my review before posting troll comments; as I have said, please don't bother, I honestly delete them without even reading them. You don't like something down vote and move on, if you have a reasonable question I’ll try to answer it otherwise all other comments will be deleted. Ignoring this just proves you can't even read this far before having a fan boi explosion in your pants...***Older reviews of this game in their completeness can be found here:http://www.tihie.com/creativerse.html****As of June 7th 2017, ""Bent"" is still at folks!http://steamcommunity.com/app/280790/discussions/0/1290691937721855215/?ctp=3"
76561198090739704,Recommended,280790,18738209,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Pyropenguin,OK before i get into this i just wanna say i have played minecraft since the wee baby years of Alpha. Before i downloaded this i knew without a shadow of a doubt i was gonna hate on it an rage about how this is just another rip off of the game the great lord Notch created. I start the game:1) Graphics are amazing! You will find yourself just walking around starring at the scenery. (willow trees are the best)2) Jump 2 blocks! Um thank you sir.3) Loads of blocks! You can't harvest much at the start but once u get the better equipment everything is yours! EVERYTHING. And it is a lot4) Many mobs. Some will make u run in terror just at the sight. Some just want to be left alone. I killed a baby crab. Felt evil. Was awesome.5) Combat system flows really well.6) Character isn't modable but thats ot a big deal. It could happen in future updates.7) The cave systems and mining capabilities are simply better.8) I do however wish it wasn't all server based. Local play would be a great improvement.9) The grinding element can be annoying but once you locate where certain items are found (aka which biome its in) you can link teleporters and quickly get around the world. The vastness of the universe is incredible.In short Creativerse minecrafts better than Minecraft minecrafts. The creators are the new god. give up the throne Notch. I will shed some tears but i think I am benching Minecraft for a while.Edit: I know Notch hasn't had anything to do with Minecraft in a while. I know he sold Mojang to Microsoft for a pretty penny.
,Not Recommended,280790,14431746,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Older_Salt,"I wish there was a ""blah"" review.Creativerse is one of many Minecraft ""next generation"" games, hoping to cash in on that $2B trend. It's a good game. It's visually more attractive than MC, but then, aren't they all? There are some interesting novel new ideas, in the arena of mineral extraction. The character avatars are currently limited to two congenital twin white people with the same armor/clothing. Here's to hoping they introduce more diversity of races, both real and fantasy.You could spend a lot of time in this game, like Minecraft, just wandering around. They have plugged in more mobs, and the crafting system is more streamlined. One of their selling points in their own copy was ""No more googling for craft recipes!"" Ok, that's cool and everything, but not exactly original.What needs to happen is for the developers to COMPLETELY disavow themselves of the pay for content model. They need to make an original game that works, right now, that people will flock to, or else it's just another bloated dead beta corpse in the water. When they said they wanted to charge for content and upgrades and rushed completion of contruction (they were/are going to use a pay-to-hurry-completion model similar to every exploitative MMORPG ever), that really pushed them into the margins. It was a major PR messup.I know I'm probably not the first to suggest:NPCs that are actually interesting and contribute to the environment in an original way. Vendors are the first thing people make in sandboxes. Okay, what could be more interesting? NPCs that give you missions. Okay, that's great. That would improve the game. What else? NPCs  that form relationships with the characters, that can tell stories.The mobs are more interesting in Creativerse than in Minecraft. They have ""special moves"" which seems to promise a lot of potential. Unfortunately, they're a little stupid, although seemingly more dangerous than in Minecraft.Create features that are interesting to explore and interact with, not just showcases of a new graphical innovation or mob. Minecraft is minecraft. You can't compete with minecraft by being Minecraft. At this current stage, I see no major innovation in this game. No story, no new angle. Fun and playable, but nothing I'd buy again if given the chance."
,Recommended,280790,18945111,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,EpicFlowX,"OK I loved Minecraft, It was genius of it's time and really set a standard for Sandbox/Crafting Gaming. That said... Many games have followed trying to pretend it's not Minecraft, but really just a clone. When I first saw Creativerse, I thought Ok it's free for a few days, no harm... Few hours later... ""PURCHASE FOR MYSELF""Creativerse, gave me a renewed interest in Sandbox Gaming, I love that it is in Early Access and the devs are actively working on taking the game to further heights. Love the graphics, Love the design, and the gameplay is very smooth. Your ability to create is nearly endless, and it makes you want to Play, Explore, Build, Survive.I love the way people are banding together, helping each other, building a greater community and relying on each other to grow. In our world: ""The Era RPG Server"" (New Server) we've actually built a thrieving socity based on rules and guidelines, professions, teamwork, trust and communication. We actual have character roles and play out our adventures together.Exploration is very enjoyable, so many different and unique wonders to see, I was exploring and found a spot where 3 biomes met... Beautiful Canyons, Thick Jungle, and Frozen Snow... I was truly amazed at the possiblities of building in places like that.Their are ton of mobs, ugly ones, really cute ones, to down right nasty looking mobs... I am excited to see what new functions for pets they will come up with. A few suggestions:A Pet Whistle to call your pet when they get lost, I like to let mine wander.They should help you in combat, I mean they where kicking your butt while you where taming them what happened to the fight in them,A Pet Trough to feed your pets when your away, so when you come back you can gather from them and then give'em a little shower.Combat is simple Hack and Slash, point and click. For the stage it is, you wont need more than that. However I would like to see implementation of ranged weapons above throwing pinecones, a Bow or Crossbow, maybe the Water Sprayer can deal damage to enemies, implement a flamethower, I KNOW THE ANIMATION IS THERE... Those Firerats will mess you up. Perhaps a Block Button? Just a thought.Health should, however slowly, regenerate over time, and recover completely when you sleep.Character Customization is a MUST, even being able to change the simplest details, Skin color(include green), Eye color, Hair color... Hoodie color.... (optional) Ears, Nose, Mouth, Hair style, Shoe color...A Trade Window, that allows you to trade with anyone in the world. The window pops up, you pick who you are trading to and the item your trading and a request pops up on their screen, they click ok, the trade window opens on their screen.. they add what they are trading, both parties hit confirm... Boom... and they can be anywhere in the world.This game can easily set a completely new and different standard for sandbox crafting gaming.Creative has the Potintial to Surpass Minecraft in everyway with or without mods.DEVs PLEASE don't Give up on us! It would be a crime against Gamers... Keep up the Good work and I will play and promote till Creativerse 2!"
,Not Recommended,280790,12564827,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,R3volve,"Game looks pretty, plays smooth. Thats about as far as they got with it.Interface is half-built. Can't even see the keybinds in-game, and the keybind menu out of game is utterly irrelivent and makes absolutely no sense.No control for the field of view, which is supidly narrow considering how close the mobs are to you when attacking you.Can't group with friends, or disable friendly fire.The night time mobs are insanely overpowered. Killing the player in 3 hits.Game is not ready to be played or even tested. They actually have to build some mechanics.They don't even have a female body model.I got the impression the devs came up with the idea ""What if we made minecraft with smooth gameplay and graphics?"" So they made the core mechanics and it worked. Then they lost interest.This is just another Minecraft wannabe vaporware project.Move along."
76561198141693530,Recommended,280790,20162280,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,auntielynds,"Early Access Review6 months, 800+ hours game playYou start out in a wooded forest.  You have this nifty wrist gauntlet that will suck up blocks and put them in your inventory.  Your first order of business is to upgrade that gauntlet with a wood mining cell.  You'll need to check what you need to craft that cell and acquire the ingredients. So the game goes until you're completely outfitted with top tier armor and equipment.  While you do this, you'll explore many different biomes, and levels to get the needed ingredients.  Some people feel this is the end game, but for me the joy of this game has just begun.  Now You can get down to some creative building.  You can do this solo, or find a good server with like minded individuals and build to your hearts content.There are also different multiplayer servers you can join, or start your own and list it in the Public Worlds forum for others to join.PVE-player vs. environment is the most common. You'll find your peaceful builders here.PVP-player vs. player.  The people who like to steal, loot, blow up stuff, and hunt you can be found here.RPG- Role playing servers.  These are very interesting and can be lots of fun.Pros:Game updated every 2-3 weeks with bug fixes, and new content.Progressive equipment leveling upEnvironment explorationResource hoardingCraftingBuildingFarmingTaming mobs for pets you can then feed and harvest fromSolo or MultiplayerWonderful GraphicsInteresting MobsInteractive Development TeamFriendly and helpful community forumCons:All the cons I could talk about are being addressed by the dev team, and could very well be fixed by the time you read this review.Note on FTP and in-game store.:The devs have decided that only cosmetic additions to the game will be sold in the store.  There will not be anything that is required in the game to level up, or advance in the store.  This means you can have the full Creativerse experience without having to buy a single thing.  On top of that, the game just went free to play just over a month ago, and the devs have already given out 450 free coins for the Winter holiday update.Conclusion:If you want a difficult, mob killing game this won't satisfy. If you love sandbox games and building games this just may be your next great obsession.  The mobs aren't too difficult to beat, so it's great for kids, and casual game play."
,Recommended,280790,31426136,Posted: 28 April,all,AvilerED,"So, after nearly 1600 (1593.5 at the time of this review) hours over a bit more than 2 years, I figure I ought to write a review of this game that has sucked up so much of my time and is the foundation of my digital media experience (videos and streams).The TL;DR is that it's free to play and if you want to check it out and really see if it's a game you'd enjoy, do it, it's not going to cost you anything but time. I can and do wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone that may be interested in cube based building exploration sandbox type games. For those who don't TL;DR, read on.Yeah, the immediate knee-jerk reaction is ""Ooooh, Minecraft ripoff!"". If you judge books by their covers, then yes, you are probably correct in the same way that all tissues are a ripoff of Kleenex, all copiers are a ripoff of Xerox, and any FPS game is a ripoff of Wolfenstien 3D. This review is not for the knee-jerk reactionaries out there. This is for those who can look at a game and look at the feedback for a game, and base their reactions and judgements on something more than knee-jerks.First off, the core game is free to play. You can download and play with ALL the core features without having to spend a dime. Now, with that said, the developers are not doing this out of the kindness of their heart, they are in this as a business, and businesses require income. So, with a game that the developer wants everybody to be able to play free, what are the financing options? Well, DLC and/or microtransactions. Creativerse has both. The PRO DLC adds some completely unnecessary but fun expansion to the game. The microtransactions are for some premium block recipes that are completely unnecessary for building, but allow you to add some more variety to your builds. The microtransactions also come in if you want to get building immediately, you can buy a set of blocks and a building plan (a blueprint, in Creativerse terms) to assemble those blocks into something interesting. Howerver, you don't have to spend money for those blueprints, you can craft them out of materials gathered in game and then collect the blocks needed to build them in game. And on the odd blueprints that utilize premium blocks you don't have access to, you can swap in a different block to replace it.Secondly, the core game is free to play. You can download and play with ALL the core features without having to spend a dime. This means that, before you even have to think about paying for something, you can download and experience all the core features of the game to see if it is really something you want to put time and money into. The survival, the material collecting, the crafting, the building, the combat, the farming, the taming, the machine wiring, the exploration; all of it, free. If that's how you want to play, by all means, play without spending a dime. But if you find yourself enjoying it, consider buying something to support the developers and to encourage further development.The community of dedicated players is a friendly and helpful one, in general. Yeah, there are some hot buttons that can be pressed, much as there is with any game with a dedicated fanbase. But overall, if you have a question, there's somebody willing to answer it nicely. If you see some premium blocks that you want to build with, there are people who are willing to craft them for you. Oh, and mulitplayer is easy as sharing your world name and password, so someone can come and assist you on your own world, if you so wish. You don't HAVE to play with other people, but it is a very simple process to do so.The environments are elaborate and full of character, both the surface and the subterranean biomes. Yes, the ground is not homogenous. Combat has challenge to it, but not in the simple ""blow for blow, toe to toe"" who can heal fastest sense. You can tame ANY mob in the game and then feed and harvest it for materials. Currently 4 different crops and 7 different liquids that allow you to cook various foods that provide different buffs to you, and provide fodder for your pets. Once your mining equipment gets to a certain level, you start being able to harvest lower tiers of blocks without needing to repair it. The machine system is a wireless logic system that allows anything from simple door openers to complex mini games. And if you get tired of building and exploring in your own world, you can Adventure in other people's builds and stories. In some sense it is a simple game, but there is still much to learn and explore about it if you so choose."
,Not Recommended,280790,13162717,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,solvo,"...was finnished with all the content in about 2 days. Unless you never built things in other games like Minecraft, there is not much to get here.+ nice graphics+ intresting  crafting and mining system- very little content (compared to todays minecraft standarts)- sometimes unstable- cant customize keybindings and mouse speed (gamebreaking for me)"
,Recommended,280790,15475555,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,BearKnucklez,"This game has been a godsend for my wife and her son. We are stationed overseas and couldn't bring Mattie (my 5 year old stepson) with us. He was really big into Minecraft but setting up a personal server and playing without lag was a huge issue. Creativerse makes it so easy for my wife and Mattie to play together on their Skype dates :)I personally play this game almost every day. I've been so impressed at how ""polished"" this game is and it's only in Alpha! The visuals are easy on the eyes and the gameplay is satisfying. The Devs are fairly active in the forums and come out with new releases every 3-4 weeks.This game opens it's doors to many different play styles ie. builder, designer, crafter, organizer, miner, gatherer, hunter, explorer, etc...Some gamers think Creativerse is a Minecraft clone, well... That is far from the truth! Just check out the various forum posts that help explain the difference.I highly recomend this game for anyone who enjoys this genre, but you don't have to take my word for it... ;)"
,Recommended,280790,18268501,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Polopai,"This is a refreshing start for Survival games. I've been playing Minecraft for over 3 years now and I got fed up a long time ago. Yet, Creativerse has a new and fresh look to it, which makes it super fun to play, for Minecraft players and for those who have never played Minecraft.After playing for 13 hours, here's my list of pros and cons:PROS:- Amazing textures and graphics- Beautiful ambience and sounds- Large variety of mobs and items- Great amount of building blocks and possibilities- Complex, mysterious and very well made spooky cave system- Teleporting system- When you die, you don't lose all your stuff nor progress- Awesome crafting system, with recipes, challenges and more- Spawning of random chests throughout the world- Farms and plenty of cool contraptions to make- Easy to play with friends, for free- Plenty of furniture to decorate your home- Addictive and challenging- Cool GUI/HUD- Temperature system- You can own pets and take care of them, dress them and bathe themCONS:- The server side system makes it buggy, laggy and glitchy- The characters aren't (yet) customizable at all- Upon launch it will be free to play, which makes me afraid of seeing this game turning to the micro-transactions dark side- Still has plenty of bugs (most of the times are fixed by relogging, but still annoying)If you are thinking about wether you should buy it right away or wait for launch, I would recommend you to buy it right away, these devs definitely deserve the support for such a great game.Thank you!"
76561198079622745,Not Recommended,280790,12286013,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,50 Shades Of Gandalf The Grey,"Dont buy this game, snort gravel isntead, roughly same experience."
,Not Recommended,280790,30412860,Posted: 9 March,all,Anthem Of The Faded,Review: (work in progress)Pros:-Free to download-Working multiplayer-Progressive crafting system-Day and night cycle-Helpful Developers-Charakter customizationCons:-Always Online DRM-Boring and repeptetive bioms-Limited map size-Small enemy variety-Real currency in-game shop for blocks in a creative sandbox game even with Pro-Diamond blocks need to been bought inside the in-game shop for real currency to craft them-Very limited and even more dull feeling without Pro-No mod support-Missing possibility to switch between °C and °F-Server region is bound by the language of the game-Had to unblock every region by hand in my FRITZ!Box 4790 via IP because it was block and suspected as being harmful-Missing uniqe twist or something to stand out besides being free to download
76561198045556996,Not Recommended,280790,11761846,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Skumbag420,"Update 2 --The devs have added a lot to the game since launch, but their approach to the payment system in the game and how they are handling it is what is going to kill it, or stop people from playing.They refuse to remove the microtransaction structure etc.You are 100x better off playing ANY other voxel based game that doesn't ask for microtransactions for the whole reason they exist (creativity)The game its self is fine in playability, you can get a lot out of it, but expect paywalls when you want to build a base as cool as your friend has.I had high hopes for this game, nevermind 2/10"
76561198010734079,Recommended,280790,15581362,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Hicabilly,"Gotta say, upon first looking through the reviews, I WAS NOT going to pay for this sucker right now. There was a decent spread between positive and negative, but most of the positives were pretty non-specific ("" Oh boy! What an AWESOME game, blah blah blah"")  while most of the negatives were QUITE specific and QUITE negative. A lot of talk about it basically being ""pay to ACTUALLY play"", terrible people online, no dev support, no single player (despite it being a listed feature), etcetera etcetera.Now maybe I shouldn't say TOO much, considering I've only played single player thus far (yes, it DOES exist), but I actually like the game a lot. I haven't encountered any of the negative stuff I read about and it's actually pretty darn good. The crafting feels a lot more intuitive and straight-forward than minecraft, plus you actually get RECIPES to work from (novel concept, right?), the graphics are a touch cartoony, but great looking nonetheless, and the way things like crafting machines and some textures look lend an almost steampunk-y/ torchlight-y feeling, which I really dig. Also, there is ONE thing you need to craft for ALL your mining/digging/chopping needs! Not a shovel...AND a pickaxe... AAAANND an axe AAAAAANND a hoe.... AAAAAAAANNNNDD shears.... aaanndd you get the idea.I have encountered a few goofy bugs, which, as annoying as they may be at times, are TO BE EXPECTED in an alpha. I haven't come across anything that either stopped gameplay or was a personal deal-breaker yet though. I also can't really give input on dev. involvement since I haven't had reason to try to reach them (yet, I'll remember to update this if I DO).COMBAT! Now maybe it's only because I've been doing a lot of building and exploring rather than dedicated mining or spelunking, but it does KINDA feel similar to minecraft in that they've added some combat reliant things to a game that isn't really combat based. Let me try to explain that: monsters are scattered throughout the world, right? well some of them drop things you MUST HAVE for certain recipes. Fine. Great. The only hitch is that all you've got is a sword and whatever level armor you've managed to craft. Now, like I said, I haven't been super focused on rare resource gathering so maybe this is just my personal failing, but with 2nd tier armor (obsidian) and a 2nd tier sword (more of a stone club) I still have a good bit of trouble with even NORMAL daytime mobs, nevermind the psycho critters in the caves. Additionally, that sword and armor you burned resources to make is durability based, and each progressive tier seems to require a lot of the same materials as the prior tier, which culminates in a problem trying to move to the next tier because you keep having to use the same stuff you want to use to move up on replacements of the lower tier armor & sword just so you can keep going outdoors!! The only real plus I've come across in that respect is how they've managed deaths and respawns. If/WHEN you die, an urn with ALL your stuff in it appears at your spot 'o' death and, as far as I can tell, stays there indefinitely. This urn is marked on your compass and has a light beacon sort of deal shining up from it, which makes it pretty easy to find once you've respawned at your little spawn setting tile (which is move-able).Sorry, little ranty, I know. That's just one of those things I've always found a little annoying in minecraft and was disappointed to find it here too, although Creativerse is not AS BAD as minecraft about it.SO, long story short? Good game. Single player anyway. Multi might just be hell, I don't know, but single player is pretty great. Good crafting, good atmosphere, good graphics, easy to learn, and FUN."
,Recommended,280790,18057840,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,xent,"Let's talk Creativerse, we all seen a lot of voxel games springing to live after the big success of Minecraft, some are so poorly done you regret ever buying the game. This game has already surpassed some aspects in Minecraft. With free multiplayer no need to pay 60$ just to run a proper server. No need for Wiki to find out how to craft a door. And the graphics are much more easier on the eyes,So...? What is a voxel game? The voxel genre describes a world where you can alter your environment, every thing can be picked up and placed back again or used in a crafting recipe. In this game exploration is key, by doing this you are often rewarded with unique recipes and various items that you will need in your craft. The crafting system is based on progression, meaning that crafting one item will unlock new items. The goal of this game is focused on exploring and creativity, having the ability too build anything you want and show it of to your friends or letting them join in and build something together. Grieving is one of the most feared aspects in this genre, you don't want people to destroy you creations. No need to worry there, the developers have this covered.In Creativers you have many options preventing this,Free to play. We all know this word very well, with most games it's a pay to win scenario or just a paywall all together. in Creativers the developers only put decoration and item packs in there shop and this last one is mostly for people that can't be bothered to grind it for them self's,Let's talk downsides then, one downside for this game is the need for internet access, even in single player your world is still run on a server, there free with no rent but for people that have no internet access this game can not be played. An other downside is that this game needs a lot more content added to get players more addicted to the game,Conclusion, Creativers is becoming a must have voxel game if your a fan of the genre. With an ever growing feature list surpassing any other voxel games, it's free so making up your own mind about the game can be done with out costing you a dime,"
76561198052665540,Recommended,280790,29789265,Posted: 8 February,all,Sephrinx,"First off I would like to say that this game has among the best community of players I have ever encountered online. Everyone is super helpful and nice, very collaborative and community oriented. Let's keep this trend going!Nowthisis a sandbox game!I am absolutely loving this game, it's addicing and rewarding, everything about this game is fun to do.A breif overview of the game.You start off in a random location on the world map, which currently there are only 4 variants off which is unfortunate, but hopefully soon they will be procedurally generated. You have a Twig with which to hit things to kill them and harvest their loot, and a basic Mining Core/Gauntlet.You go kill Piglets, Boars, Leafis, things of that nature to collect Hide, Tusks, Sinew, Bone, etc. As you travel you can collect the trees, dirt, water, honey, etc in order to upgrade your Mining Core. Build up your core, mine around, explore, fight things, collect flowers/mushrooms. Make a Forge and Processor, create armor and weapons, other neat things. Furniture, what have you.Mining Ore in this game is different. Instead of Clicking on it and standing there until you Pop it, you place an Extractor on the Ore Node which will harvest it for you, giving you time to go and look around for more ore while it processes. Come back and poof, there's 12 Coal Ore, or Obsidian or what ever it might be. It's a very interesting take on it and it's a lot of fun.Well anyway I'm rambling on about nothing, but it's a LOT of fun and it's still in early access. Tons of fun, and immense potentil.Overall Rating8/10Oh, also, if you are crying about the game having a price tag now, get over it. Grow up, get a job. It's 20 bucks. That's like, what, less than 2 hours of work? I see so many people complaining about how they ""ruined"" the game and made it ""pay to win"" - it isn't. You can either A) Pay nothing and expierence 100% of the game, or B) Pay the nominal one time fee of 20 bucks, and get a bunch of goodies, and be able to create multiple worlds, and also help fund  the dev team for more updates in the future.Stop being so entitled to free stuff. This real life. Money doesn't grow on trees. Nothings ever free."
,Recommended,280790,30102421,Posted: 22 February,all,堀京子,"I have played two other sandbox building games like this before, one of course is MINECRAFT (PE version) and the other is TROVE on steam. I have also been eyeing on ""PORTAL KNIGHTS"" which I can't afford, so obviously I went for this F2P game.In my first 5 hours of solo gaming with this game, I can say that it's a bit of a Minecraft clone but waaaaaay different. I also immediantly liked the gameplay on this better than Trove which I got bored of real quick. Let me give some Pros and Cons of this game.PROS:+ Very large and open world+ Minecraft-ish. If you enjoy games like Minecraft you'd definitely find this a whole lot better.+ The F2P content is very sufficient enough to fully enjoy the game.+ No cheats as far as I know. Makes the game more challenging.+ No creative mode, meaning more sense of achievement each time you build something.+ You can own regions of lands.+ Blueprint system makes it easier to build things.+ Good overall gameplay and crafting system with diverse mobs.+ Lots of potential if updated properly.CONS:- Glitchy.- Unpopular game, which is kinda sad.- Low population. Most Public worlds' population is only about 2-5 people a world.- Gets progressively boring unless they add more stuff to do in the game. You will eventually run of things to do.- Although has a lot of potential, I still feel like the game is lacking.If the developers would be bold enough to copy a bit more gameplay from games like Trove or Portal Knights, this game would rock! I feel like it needs a little it of RPG element :D"
76561198016519128,Not Recommended,280790,31636907,Posted: 8 May,all,0x90,"Minecraft with ingame shop. Craft? Takes 2 minutes. Gathering a block? 2 Minutes. Gather advanced blocks? 4 Minutes.The game isn't bad, the developers are what  makes it worse. I wouldn't mind if developers charge money if it's one time. But always online and constantly asking for money is literally no fun. And with all the waiting times they do ask for your money. Its a f2p game, obviously they annoy you.People and developers say ""You can do so much for free without paying"". Yes, that's how a freemium game works. You *CAN* but to be honest, if you do its no fun at all because it takes insanely amount of time. Thats how every freemium game works and it's a shame Creativerse went this way because without this, it would be a great game with lots of fun.Did you know that developers lied in forum for years about offline mode? Obviously they never provided it. And the reason is spoilers by the EULA which forbids any modifications. They don't want you to have more fun, create your own stuff. Build up a community like Minecraft and extend the game by thousand of wonderful things (for free). No they want you to visit their ingame shop and always online is the best DRM for freemium games.You think this review is paid or terrible? Please go ahead and try yourself but don't blame me if it wastes your time and/or money, you have been warned."
,Recommended,280790,29454100,Posted: 23 January,all,Admiral McBoat,"This isn't half bad. I don't really enjoy Minecraft but I enjoy this, for whatever reason; it's similar, but not really the same game. It's a bit more... progression-based is probably the best way to put it, although I hate to imply that it's anything like Dragon Quest Builders either.The free content here is more than sufficient, which was my initial concern, given that there's a paid option for more stuff. You can do pretty much anything you want to do. There's also the option to pay money, if having more fiddly little bits to build with suits you, or if you want some extra convenience features. If I put enough time into this, which I may or may not, it might actually be worthwhile to have the flashlight, etc., that come with the Pro upgrade, and the developers certainly deserve their share."
,Recommended,280790,18602258,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Polanovski,"Personal Rating :""Could be better""Traditional Rating :6.8/10Creativerse surely have so many potential to achieve, but still the game feels somewhat not desireable.The game itself works pretty well, with gameplay and mechanic similar to its predecessor, Minecraft. Little things here and there mostly the same; crafting, mining, mob killing, dungeon and underground cave, et cetera.Long story short; It's just an upgraded version of MinecraftUpgraded means there are some things that Creativerse offer more than the old, or is it?Positive :The graphics are beautiful, cloud, trees, and especially the backgrounds are stunning.More diverse crafting possibilities, with creation not just rely on benchwork, but with many other types of tools.More specific items for every needs; roof, wall, stair, floorfor now on this the only thing I can say to be the positive..Negative:Crafting is very hard to do here, for an item (like similarly iron sword), need so many ingredients and hard to find make it barely possible to create without depleting other item's durabilityMobs are just literally & figuratively painful, they look different but behave just the same. Not having different abilities or else.Health regen more like in real life; it get at least 3 days to heal, not even sleep make you full health again.Cave are no enter zone, the mobs too hard to defeat without proper equipment, but you need materials from inside the cave to make proper equipment. (and back to first point, where items durability are very short) :(Possible microtransaction in the future, there's a store page inside the game.No LAN or direct connection available, everything tied to the server in NAInability to play in offline is the worst, even when you have the world saved to your pc, you just can't. (already try steam offline mode, click on the .exe)My suggestion, this one is a promising game, but not that worth it for this time around, I hereby recommend for you to try—for people who wants to be involved in the progress of the game—."
76561198289576769,Recommended,280790,29927810,Posted: 14 February,all,Drax,"What can I say? Even in early access, this game delivers. While the game is F2P, if offers premium content in the form building blocks and a feature called PRO. With PRO, you can futher customize your world. You also gain access to a glider, flashlight, increased stamina and increased carrying capacity. The cost of PRO is $20.00 USD but they have sales and discounts often.While this game has been called a Minecraft knock off, the same can said about Minecraft being a knock off of infinicraft. There will always be a first for a game type. That doesn't mean all games that follow are simple clones. The same can be said about Creativerse.The public world option will allow you to jump right in to an established world freshly formed world. The official forums are full of useful information and people reasdy to help you get started.If you like building, exploring, fighting other players or anything inbetween, give Creativerse a try. For free, you have nothing to lose but some time."
,Recommended,280790,18370119,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ronin Tetsuro,"Ever wondered what Minecraft 2 might be like? Play this game. It builds on the core concept and makes it more fun to get around, build, and share your world with others. One particular concept that was very welcome? Plug and Play Teleporters. Makes getting around the world and to your various bases a snap. Also - beacons. Mark points of interest with a pillar of light that can be seen from quite a ways away. Also, the cartoonish look has it's charm. I spent way more time screwing around here than I expected. Can't stress enough how much FUN it is to actually explore."
,Recommended,280790,31651708,Posted: 9 May,all,Baron Wulf,"Alright so this is my first review for ANY GAME PERIOD but as creativerse is running out of beta, alpha and every other version of early release I just have to say it.THIS GAME IS AWESOMENo really im just shy of 500 hrs, been playing for a long time lolIm just gonna say pro's because I have a hard time seeing cons to this gamePRO'SIts free, what more do you want ?Paying for premium gets you literally the ability to host a larger number of worlds, a flashlight and a glider, woo, taste the sarcasm, literally does nothing more, doesnt speed up anything in game, so DONT listen to the ♥♥♥♥♥ing that this is pay to play, you can have just as much fun for free.Paying for blocks, okay this ones a lil finnicky, decorative block packs, if you want to pay in to get more choices for decorating go ahead, if you want to join a server and see all the cool things you can do with the blocks before you buy them go ahead, if you want to join a server and use whatever in server trade system with other players to use said blocks before you buy them go ahead. You only need the pack to CRAFT them, not USE them. Theres enough choices for blocks without paying anyways and more coming often.Similarities to minecraft, got a question are you thinking unmodded or modded, because unmodded this game more or less beats out everytime, modded minecraft though, you can build a functional mech warrior suit or be a time space warlock, dunno a block building game that has that level of modding yet.Hmmm the only other pro im thinking is its quick and easy to get into, learn how to play and get up to the top tier stuff, the learning curve aint that hard, and you literally dont have to even get up that far on your own if you join a server.FREE dedicated servers, no trying to make third party software or paying to run a server for you and your friends unlike other block building games.CONSOkay I figured one con, once you get down to the lowest mining level getting top tier minerals and blocks can get to being a nuisanceAnd a second though im sure this is more or less fixed now (blame pigsy) the jump glitches, gotta love themSeriously though its free to play, just try it and if you dont like it uninstall its that easy"
76561198096100096,Recommended,280790,17946996,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Anyaluvfae,"I love this game. The graphics are great and even though I love Minecraft, it is hard to say but I think I like this game more!"
76561198019821945,Not Recommended,280790,15039121,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,POTATO DICK,"This game runs on a timeless concept: ripping off minecraft in every way possible. The only difference between this and MC is the graphics are better and the game lacks the depth and multiplayer options of MC. I played it cause it was billed as MMORPG, this is flat out a false tag. The multiplayer is much smaller than MC and only exists if you have the friends to get together and play on a single server. There are no public servers and no servers that are popular (I never found a single server with more than one person playing.)"
,Recommended,280790,13306613,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TheRemyD,"Creativerse quickly leaves all other open world voxel sandbox games out of breath and trying to catch up. The graphics are stunning, the enemies are entrancing, and the controls are fairly intuitive. All of this in early alpha makes this game beyond exceptional. To add to this wonderful world is the community and the Dev support that can be found on the Steam forums. This quickly became my favorite game!"
76561198366779272,Recommended,280790,34541333,Posted: 27 August,all,Saint_Aint,"While this not my first game in this genre, it is my favorite. Sure, others in this genre may have more content at the time of this review, most of them fall flat in imersion. I was never a fan of the retro 8 bit look of Minecraft.Content is added on a regular basis. Sometimes it's new block designs and other times, it's QoL improvments and functionality additions. The developers are very active within the Creativerse Universe and the volunteer staff always ready to answer your questions."
,Recommended,280790,32025059,Posted: 28 May,all,Navigator,"My friend and I bought the game at 7 p.m.  Eight hours later, at 3 a.m., my friend had to call it quits.  I kept playing until 5 a.m.  If my job was as fun as this game, I'd be working all the time.Hanging out in a very deep cave, waiting on extractors to finish extracting diamonds while fending off various creatures was an awesome feeling!This is a game where you can sink hours into to it, not because it's a chore, but because it's FUN!  Playing with buddies is highly recommended, too.  It's nice having someone guard your back when you're mining in the deep earth!"
76561198069203137,Recommended,280790,29433451,Posted: 22 January,all,Bedlam_and_Chaos,"Decent game, but if you're going to be a Minecraft clone, I think you should add more content than Minecraft has, and features it doesn't.I like the default textures better than Minecraft's, the gameplay is smooth, it never crashes on me, and the sound effects and animation are well done.Development and adding new features seems to take forever though.  I started playing again after many months, and it hardly changed.  I'd like the game world to be *much* more dangerous too.  It's so easy to get away from enemies if you want, which makes the game less than challenging to me.  For example, no enemies I've seen shoot anything at you, it's all melee, and so are your weapons.  No bows, guns, lasers, etc.I hope they add more content too, as it gets borning very quickly when you've crafted everything."
,Recommended,280790,21267460,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,🅳🅰🆅🅸🅳⑧⑥,good game +1 played it with my 6 year old son. not much pvp thou which is why he still keeps going back minecraft. worth a try for sure.
,Recommended,280790,29743360,Posted: 6 February,all,Moogle,"In short, this game's got a lot of potential, but many features are still currently under-developedThis game is a mix of Minecraft, Portal Knights, Trove and many other sandbox block building adventure games. It has good graphics and can run smoothly on machines not equipped with a graphics card (Surface Pro 4 for example). I was attracted to this game mainly questing to unlock all the crafting recipes while mining every type of ores, taming every type of animals etc.However as this is an Early Access Game, features are still rather limited. After 9-10 or so hours I have already ""finished"" the game (i.e Unlocked all the recipes, self sufficient with resources etc). There are literally no automation available in this game, you are required to search and dig out every single block all by yourself, and just because you have equipped a diamond glove/lumina glove doesn't mean your digging speed becomes faster either. The Pro feature of this game although doesn't make this game pay2win, its price tag makes the feature rather unattractive for myself to purchase.Do I recommend this game? Well, for now yes, as I can see there are a lot of potentials to make this game a lot better (e.g Modding, Automation, More adventures, Less Grinding etc). Finally, this game is an early access game, things are still subject to change so will this review."
,Recommended,280790,30202352,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragonsaki,"This is a very interesting game and I'm definitely looking forward to watching it develop. I love how much crafting is involved with the use of extractors though I think it would be great if there was just a bit more progression with the ore like adding iron, steel, tungston, etc."
,Recommended,280790,29638479,Posted: 1 February,all,Regwan,"Creativerse is anEarly-Accessgame, points made in this review might be redundant at a later date.During my first time playing, I was, somewhat, immersed with the music and nature of the game and it was truly a sight to take in, despite the blocky feel however. The controls are very simple so it's easy to get a grasp of how to navigate terrain especially with the useful compass and structure symbols that are located at the top.  Crafting can be a pain sometimes, trying to find the right resources is tricky and risky if you don't have a sword to defend yourself with against the repetitive creatures. Oh, a tip, if you just circle around them while attacking, it seems to stop them from hitting you ;) Playing with friends is a lot more fun than playing by your self and, although never really tried it myself, multiplayer seems to be a lot of fun.Now onto some negative points.Once you've crafted everything there's not a lot you can do, sure you can play with people online but there's nothing to feel any satisfaction from anything. I shouldn't have to pay just to earn the ability to make my own worlds, that's rediculous and should be a mechanic in the game already. The ability to fly? At least let people craft wings or make an item that allows the user to fly for a limited amount of time. I don't know really, it just seems a bit silly. The creatures in this game are no challenge at all after you craft a sword, they often get stuck in the terrain and sometimes are even frozen on the spot making them stupid-easy targets. (Again I understand it's an Early Access) Your tamed creatures are useless, they don't seem to attack any hostiles in the area and I just don't understand why this is in here. Sure it's cute to name your first pigsy but there's nothing to achieve from it, you either make them follow you or let them wander off. What would be cool, is if there was an option for your 'pet' to search for valuables in the area, like collecting flowers or seeds from the ground and bringing them back to you, pretty cool idea.I don't know though. I am, however, excited to see where the development leads on this. Maybe in the future, we'll see the ability to adjust the wold options without spending £/$15.00 on a upgrade just to do so. Let me know what y'all are thinking if you sat and actually read this.Have a nice day, :)"
76561198145269174,Recommended,280790,15914613,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Alice,"I absolutely love this game.When I started playing I recognized that although it is early access it is far better developed than other alpha games which indicates that the developers have a high standard.They also really work on it. The updates come regularly and the best thing is that they really listen to what the players suggest.In the game you can play in many ways. You can be creative and build whatever you can imagine, you can go explore and fight creatures and if you like you can even play pvp.The graphics are absolutely beautiful and it is always fun to explore the wonderful worlds.I love the crafting system and that you can find out recipes by just crafting stuff. It's also good that there are recipes you can only find in treasure chests.I can't stop playing and I'm always happy to see a new update because I know it's gonna be something awesome."
,Recommended,280790,18348993,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,MeowMeowMeowMeowMeow,"It's like Minecraft but with a better artstyle, many more crafting recipes and no annoying creepers.Edit: Also, it's f2p"
,Recommended,280790,17603590,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,th317erd,"This game is INCREDIBLE! I absolutely DOES NOT feel like an alpha game. Yes, there are some minor issues, but it is so solid, and the devs are constantly involved with the community making this a better game. I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys sandbox games. I can not wait for modding support *hint hint*"
,Recommended,280790,15595471,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lyra Heartstrings,"I'm loving this game quite a lot, I have almost 100 hours into it at the time of writing this review. To be honest when I first seen this game (and I know i'm not the only one) I thought this was gonna be another Minecraft clone but after looking more into it and playing the game it really is a different experience overall (other than it being blocky of course), like the glove with the mining cells that's used for block placing/breaking rather than individual tools, the different types of mobs with their own unique type of attacks (wait until you meet The Thing :3), unlockable and hidden recipes for you to find, a touchstone that you can use to set your spawnpoint which i'm very glad exists considering I can get lost way too easy, not to mention you can also craft teleporters for easy travel around the world once you set them up, and I also love how easy it is to setup a server as well, literally all you have to do is just start up a world and there's your server (Passwords for worlds are optional). Those are just a few out of the many things that I love about this game.Now yes as one would expect with it being in Early Access there are some annoying bugs, like crouching not always working when moving and you end up falling off, getting stuck in stairs or roof blocks, and one rather funny bug is launching yourself forward or backward with doors if you time it just right while running into it while trying to open then quickly close it, but I can live with that as it seems like the bugs are very few in numbers that I can remember off the top of my head.Overall I highly recommend this game and this is just in Early Access too (currently on R14), who knows what will come of the game once the full release is out whenever that may be which i'm looking forward to. :)"
76561198019333828,Recommended,280790,31654674,Posted: 9 May,all,Sample,"Creativerse is an Amazing experience. I have played a number of these sandbox building games and this is by far my favorite. The game is fully functional and playable in the free to play version, though I do recommend the ""Pro"" version. It is well worth it. I have created a number of the blueprints building, which lay out the object that you are building, piece by piece (picture the instructions that come with Legos). I have also made a number of custom creations. Friends are able to come and go freely, though there are many levels of protections that you can place on your world. I have had many an ""Oh Wow!"" moment as I travel the world, from up in the sky (the glider that comes with Pro is great!), to deep under ground. I haven't felt any requirement to spend money beyond my initial purchase of Creativerse - Pro. With that said, I am happy to spend money on items from the store to enhance an already great experience and to make sure that it continues to get the support that it deserves."
76561198031331066,Recommended,280790,34430950,Posted: 22 August,all,Baxterzz,"Well, I honestly can't believe how great this game truly is for being free-to-play.Now I am a gamer of all sorts and was looking for something to play with my SO and we were gonna play Minecraft but I didn't want her to spend money on another account and deal with some of the harsh learning curves on that game. I bought this game a while back and it impressed me quite a bit back then. Its much more than a Minecraft clone. (I do think Minecraft is leaps and bounds ahead especially due to mods and offline play, but this is rather amazing)Creativerse centers a lot more on creating than Minecraft. Its fun to create too, there are a lot of blocks too choose from and everything just feels so rewarding to build in this game. You have to grind a little and run through the progression to get the recipe you want, but when you get it you feel rewarded.The progression in this game is amazing and they have done a great job enforcing it. You have to adventure to different biomes to kill certain things or get certain flowers to progress down the combat tree. Everything move so fluidly.On top of everything that this game done is it's Free-To-Play and Multiplayer. It impresses me most that you have so many world options in a free to play game. If you want a leisurely time you can, if you want a harder time you can.This game is a true sandbox and in my 24 hours I feel like I have just touched the surface.I am moving on too all the complex wiring and machinery next and cant wait to dive right it.I rate this game a solid 9/10 Give it a try!"
,Recommended,280790,18424587,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sir Beefalo,a very very great game the building is just fantastic (way better than minecraft in my opinion) and i love the fighting and the mining if you dont have this game GET IT KNOW
,Recommended,280790,16538867,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Chris,"NOTE: I have many hours outside of Steam, as well.Although it looks like a Minecraft rip-off on the surface, once you start playing, you'll realize that it is its own game. Not all sandbox games with squares are trying to be Minecraft.. especially this one.The Graphics: 7.5/10Yes, the graphics are really nice to look at, along with the animations. The world comes alive much more than many other games, including Minecraft. However, with all that's going on - nearly everything is animated - it can get a bit laggy. Just because your PC can run games like Grand Theft Auto V at 60 fps on high graphics, does NOT mean you can run this game on high graphics - I know this firsthand. I have all my settings set to minimal. I can barely tell the difference between max and minimum graphics visually, but it does effect my FPS. Overall, really nice graphics and animations, but it needs to be optimized for minimal lag.The UI & Controls: 9/10The user interface is fantastic all around. It isn't the same bare-bones UI you'd expect in early access game (I see you over there, ARK), but is instead detailed and elegant. It could use some improvements, sure, but for early access, the UI is really nice and self-explanatory. The controls are somewhat familiar - if you've played Minecraft, there won't be a huge learning curve. WASD and mouse buttons are the same as in Minecraft. It has more controls, actually - and it still doesn't seem overwhelming even on your first time playing.The Gameplay: 8.5/10Like most sandbox games, when you load up a world, it doesn't tell you what exactly you need to do. You start off exploring, playing with the controls, and seeing what there is to offer. Eventually, as you explore, you'll find a crafting table. Once you find that, it becomes self explanatory - find this, craft this, build this, do this.. it isn't confusing. However, don't mistake this for the game being linear. It is not linear at all - you can take your survival in many directions. Unlike many sandbox survival games, you have a single do-it-all tool that comes attatched to your character, and you simply have to upgrade it to break new types of blocks. This makes the game less confusing, but may even make it too simplistic. However, overall, the game is quite self-explanatory, but in a fun way. You won't run out of things any time soon. And if you do...The Multiplayer: Your worlds are servers. When you create a world, it becomes public on the list of worlds - people can search for the name of your world, and (try to) join it. You can password protect the world, or make it so those who join can't edit the world, but anyone can view your world by searching the name of the world. This makes multiplayer with friends extremely easy. You simply tell them the name of the world (and password, if you set one), they search it, and they can easily join. It's fantastic. There's also a wide range of administrative tools for your world, and settings to make your experience easier or more difficult.The Community: 10/10Fantastic community. The devs replied to my problems within hours, and the community was equally ready and happy to help. This is not an immature community.The problems:There is no chat in the game, even if multiple people are online in the same world.It requires a fairly updated graphics card - there's a good chance you'll need to do some updating of your drivers.It can lag, even on great PCs... needs some optimizing.I'm a little worried about it becoming free-to-play at launch. I fear the microtransactions...Overall: 8.5/1010/10 would kill leaf creatures with a twig again."
,Recommended,280790,18169048,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sir Toastie,"Zomg I usually never write reviews.This game is Notch's worst nightmare. This game will put Minecraft at a not-so-close second.First off, let me start by pointing out the developers are very active. The game seems to be moving quickly through the development cycle and there is already a LOT to do. I can see they're just getting started, and I cannot wait until even more things are added.The art style in this game is phenomenal. There were a lot of great details thought out throughout the character art and the aesthetic of the environment. Not only is the entirety of the game breakable (i.e. Minecraft) but it's just beautiful to look at.The one thing I love most: it's difficult. Expect to go through a few worlds of just utterly failing before you get the hang of it. Don't give up; it's worth it. The fact you have to work harder for results is so much more gratifying than the instant reward of playing Minecraft. You HAVE to find shelter if you want to survive; these critters involve a fair amount of skill to kill.I've played quite a few voxel games, and other than Ace of Spades (the original), they all kinda suck. Oort was a great idea but it has since been abandoned. This is the answer to the calling for a better voxel game. Crafting is pretty unique for its genre, but it makes sense and proposes a challenge that doesn't seem over the top. You don't have to travel too far to find what you need, but obtaining it may very well be a challenge.One downside to Creativerse is that it isn't very Steam-coupled. Perhaps they intend to release this through other channels but to be honest they shouldn't. Games through steam that also house their own login/authentication system usually♥♥♥♥♥♥gamers off and cause fragmentation of stats. Please, keep it coupled, at least for users playing through steam.Keep an open mind with this one if you're skeptical. It's worth the money and honestly they'd probably do well to keep it pay-to-play. $20 might be a bit steep but there is an obvious amount of love that has been poured into this game. 5/5, will continue playing for a long time. It has definitely replaced Minecraft in my eyes."
,Recommended,280790,18007179,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Neptune,"This game doesn't feel like Minecraft at all in my opinion. I'd say it's more like Starbound, whether it's in the greater variety of enemies, the crafting system, or the unbelievably awesome atmosphere it creates with the well placed music and sound cues. The difficulty curve is just sublime, in particular - it'll never force you into an area you're not ready for, and new enemies are just the right level of toughness for each layer.The only thing I find ""wrong"" with it is the movement, but only the momentum issues with stopping and starting, and the fact that you just tumble down a cliff even when you're not holding a movement key, but honestly, these actually just add to the realistic quality of the game.All in all, it's just brilliant, and I find myself always turning to it when I get bored of TF2 or PAYDAY 2 for a while."
,Not Recommended,280790,13278557,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Papa Sasquatch,"I had been looking at this game for some time, many things seemed promising about it, and I was in the mood for something like Minecraft but different and new. Me and a group of friends bought this game because it was 40 percent off. Even at this price I wouldn't recommend anyone buying it. I'm aware its an unfinished game, and it does some things very well. Without going into to great detail, we just got bored of the game way too quickly. Next stop, Oort online."
,Recommended,280790,18542348,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Smilie,"My first impression in this game is like:Vanilla Minecraft < Creativerse < Minecraft with modsAnd given that this game is still in early access, i will be expecting a lot from this game in the future. However, requiring constant internet access is a major downside for me since travelling doesn't guarantee me internet access on wherever i go.Still i'd recommend this game for anyone who likes voxels. :)"
76561198115590896,Recommended,280790,16633682,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,bkeniry (aka Quetzovercoatl),"Still in Early Access alpha and already better than minecraft in many ways!Like many others, I was concerned about the fact that it is online only (all worlds are hosted on Playful's servers) and that it will be Free to Play on release.Saw it on sale and took a chance.Honestly, if they stopped development right now and abandoned the project (no indications of this; updates still coming regularly) I would consider myself to have already got my money's worth. It's already that good."
,Recommended,280790,16659958,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Poubelle,I want to hug all the creatures that want to kill me.
,Recommended,280790,18349995,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ChuckoMay,"I put down some corruption... It began eating my world similar to Terraria.  If this game had boss fights and better mobs, it would be a pretty complete game.  Pigs climbed in my windows because I didnt have glass... they killed me.  I was sad.5/5, would totally leave my windows open again."
76561198130828426,Recommended,280790,24068876,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,deen1971,"what can i say.....this is one of the best building, exploration, survival, crafting games on steam. it runs smoothly and the graphics are great. its not comlicated like alot of crafting games where you have to wade through various screens just to build a door with exact measurements....here a door  is a simlple door found under one click of the letter Q. oh and changing the subject from doors.....yes put a set of headphones on and not only nightime is scary you wait until you start digging down....youll see....{or maybe hear} heehee.enjoy."
76561198169715679,Recommended,280790,29543953,Posted: 28 January,all,NightRaider,this is a great game and i realy think that people should play it
76561198014913462,Recommended,280790,18562612,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Illimitus,"Good to see Creativerse in the top 100, now spice up early combat and play and you will have ten times the players."
76561197961037697,Recommended,280790,18598219,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,bobgod213,"I was slightly concened this would be Minecraft Lite.  But even at this early stage its so much more fun.  There are way too many things to list but I'll cover a few of the basics.Crafting is very intuitive, their unlockable recipes are a creat idea.  No more searching Wiki's for ideas, once they are unlocked, you can see what you need to craft them.The Graphics are beautiful, especially the creatures.  A little piece of me dies, everytime I kill a Leafi.  :(MIning is no longer such a chore.  Find some ore, set up an extractor, come back later and collect your goodies.Exploration is easy.  Set up a teleportation stone in your home base and never get lost again.  Build more teleporters as you traverse the globe.  Set up new bases in different Bio's and hop to them quickly and safely.If you liked Minecraft, then buy this game.  It takes a little bit of getting used to some of the slight differences, but I believe they are all for the better."
,Recommended,280790,18576763,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,555,"9/10 Rated by dogePros:To those who want to buy a more beautiful UI,block and less expensive minecraft-like game. This is the one you should buy. Crafting system is good, graphic is good, gameplay is good and the most important is the developer is ACTIVE and LISTEN to player suggestion.Con:Bug. a lots of bug but its playable and the bug won't even bother the gameplay (developer will fix, see discussion).For now only AMURICA and Europe Server available so expect a little bit delay. (no worries more server is in planning)"
76561198117330327,Recommended,280790,18714301,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sage,"I really like this game, and still have fun with it presently. I've never played Minecraft before, which I suppose is the obvious comparison, so I cannot comment on how alike they are. I will say that this game visually appears similar. You gather resources, craft items, farm, fight/tame creatures, and obviously build stuff. Your basic sandbox goals. The degradation of mining utensils/weapons/armor is rather frustrating, but realistic I suppose. As with all free-to-play games (they are going f2p soon), there is a transaction store. However, that said, it only consists of pay-only building blocks and things called Blueprints (basically in-game building tutorials for certain structures). I quite fancy the blueprints actually, putting one together feels like a paint-by-number or something. Pretty much, even without paying, you can get where you want to be. The only exception would be if you really really wanted some block in the store for your build. I highly recommend this game if you like sandbox construction fun. Just make sure you protect your world from trolls (which is easy to do by checking the forums). 9/10"
,Recommended,280790,18740977,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Happy Dead Guy,Great fun with a ton of updates every few weeks. Full game will be free but I sure fell like I have already got my monies worth.Play it.
76561198086887305,Recommended,280790,21982114,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,sarz93,"I dunno man, i keep coming back to this game, it looks like minecraft and in a lot of ways it is but it also really isnt, i feel like there is more an arty grace to the gameplay. there is an element of futurism in the game that makes you feel like your in the future and you wake up on a new undiscovered planet. i love the levels and can not wait till they ad more (i hope they ad more)... this game has some serious potential. its definatley worth a play, especially with your friends"
,Recommended,280790,18493841,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rayvin Kaine,"All I've got to say, is that this game is gorgeous in its art style. It's a very beautiful game. Also, the recipes and stuff are hard to get used to, but overall, this game is not a bad game at all. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,280790,18494285,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Leader of the panda mafia,I really enjoy this game. It's reminicent of minecraft just with better graphics and a different crafting set up. While a few issue do arise with this game such as the night monsters being able to just phase through walls to get into my home and with the night monsters being extremely OP for beginners. However the good strongly out weighs the bad if you just make a pillar at night you can easily hide from the monsters or if you sleep....i think i haven't had a chance to place down a bed yet so i have yet to figure it out. Also when i made the extracter i couldn't place it in to my make shift home so i'm not sure what to do with it. But once again i highly recomend this game especially if you've played minecraft before.
,Recommended,280790,18598763,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,VioletPixie,"Nice graphics, very good game"
76561198046395503,Recommended,280790,18632681,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Inferno Blue,A Truly awesome relaxing game where you can free your mind and heart to explore and create to your hearts desire with near endless possibilities.
76561198073401777,Recommended,280790,18576049,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,LTC Rhodes,love the sound environment.  It's a nice chill game.
76561197995701408,Recommended,280790,18566366,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,4evernomad,"Have to recommend this game. if you like voxel sandbox games, this one has some really great mechanics.Do I want to do a Pros /cons, not really, I'll tell you what I like instead.- I love the artstyle, it's blocky enough that building is easy, but unique enough that items and creatures don't feel like they've been created just to fit the game world.- In fact creatures are all very unique, with their own loot and fighting abilities and visually very different.- I like how mining is limited by the tech level of your equipment, no way to bum rush the highest tier.- Tame any creature you see and treat it well, it will give you better drops than just killing it.- Everything takes time, so you can leave extractors mining, farms growing, processors processing, etc. and then you can come back to collect everything later or when you next pass through an area.- Teleporters really open up the options for exploring, no need to worry about trying to get back to the edge of the world, just place a teleporter and return whenever you want.- A really interesting crafting system, with recipe tiers unlocking as you craft, as well as rare recipes from drops.- Drops, one of my favourite features is that even if you have scoured the whole area around you and picked it clean, you can still get random loot chests appear and some items grow/respawn so you can always find something new.- Death is not permanent, all your items get placed in a death chest which has a beacon of light so you can find it all again when you're ready. Just finished gathering all those blocks and then you fall off a cliff, no problem, you just have to find your way back and you've not lost all those items.- there's loads of other things, but I don't want to spoil too much.It's difficult to talk about what I don't like as things may change and bugs will be probably be fixed, so I'll just say that as long as there are more of the same in future updates, then I'll continue to be happy."
,Recommended,280790,18729685,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,cemkalyoncu,"Looks nice, the worlds are huge and varied. Going out to explore is quite fun. Many different biomes, huge trees, canyons, caves, mountains, rivers, lava pools and jungles make exploration a real treat. Textures look quite good as well. Unlike some other people, I don't find collecting resources grindy.But there are still lots of areas to improve. But I see that the game got better just in few weeks. The worst thing that bugs me is the constant need to jump. Also I would love to have corner blocks. But it seems wedges for roofs are added recently, so they might be in the development queue. Also it really bothers me that easiest way of filling your health is to suicide. Within 20 or so hours, I got best mining cell, visited every biome and built a house. So it doesn't take too long to see what the game offers. It would be nice to have some sort of additional progression. But you could easily go a head and spend your time building. After a while monsters becomes quite easy to handle. Also game could be much better if there were NPC's moving to the houses. Even if they won't do anything, it will definitely add some flavour.Overall: 7/10 Would die to fill my health again."
76561198017076013,Recommended,280790,18624482,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Texelion,"Honestly, it didn't start well. I tried it during the free week, and from what I've read about it, it was a Minecraft clone with paying Early Access that would be released later as a free-to-play game with cash shop.Starting with the cons :After some hours I found out about the waiting game : want to convert some blocks into crafting materials ? You have to wait for a ""processor"" to do it. Want to extract coal, obsidian and iron ? You have to wait. And the more precious the material is, the longer you wait.Also, you need to craft specific mining cells to gather blocks, one for each ""level"" ( stone, fossil, lava, etc. ), and each cell only permits you to gather a few hundreds blocks maybe, so you need to craft a new one every 2 minutes; And gathering the materials to craft those cells can be really boring, especially the flowers that grow on trees ( but there is an exploit you can use to get tons of them, even the devs suggest that you use it )...All of this just screams ""we're gonna make you pay to wait less, like any stupid facebook game"", doesn't it ?Something baffling too is that there is no portable light, so you have to waste a lot of ressources crafting torches or lanterns, or waste your time picking them up to place them elsewhere. And as their radius is REALLY small, you'll need hundreds of them...There is also this stupid ""super jump bug"" people have been complaining since 2014. basically, sometimes when you jump your character will jump 50m high or more, and of course when you hit the ground again, you die, losing all your inventory...Last thing, it's about the monsters. They are EVERYWHERE ! You just can't dig anywhere without stumbling into a cave full of mobs. It's not really a problem in itself, the real problem is the sound : you will hear those monsters through the walls all the time, because no matter where you try to build your house, there will be a cave nearby. I've spend hours filling a entire cave with blocks to keep monsters from spawning under my castle, so I wouldn't have to hear them.Now the pros, and why I finally bought the game and recommend it :Well first, the devs put it for free for a week, so they are pretty confident with their product and know it's good.After the bad first impression with the waiting game, I kept playing, more and more. And the game itself is good. I never played Minecraft so I can't compare, but I played Terraria and Starbound, and I really prefer Creativerse.Sure you have to wait to craft materials, but you just need to craft several crafting stations to speed up the process. Sure you need to wait to gather ore, but you can just put an extractor on the node and keep digging around, then come back later to gather the ore. In the end it's no big deal, if it stays that way.It's still EA but the game feels finished, except for some bugs and poor performances most of the time ( don't know if it's a GPU, CPU or server lag issue, but I don't think it's because of my PC, I have a gtx970 and an i7 ).There are really nice features, one of my favorite being ""TNT digging"", and you can also craft a device that just removes a big square chunck of blocks, it's really quick. You can also craft teleporters and configure them with ""codes"" by putting 3 objects to create the code; So let's say a TP has 3 stone blocks as code, and you build another TP, you put three stone blocks as destination and BAM, you're teleported to the first one. So you can really create a whole network of TP to fast travel anywhere, like, one TP on a beach to gather seashells, another one in the snow if you need snow or ice, etc.Exploration is really nice, the world is big and full of different biomes. Caves can be really huge and take hours to explore, the atmosphere is really well done. Too bad we need so much torches to light up the path, because it's mostly pitch black, with ony some colored fog to highlight the cave at a distance.Objects and monsters design are nice too, and most textures are pretty good. However I find the building materials textures a bit ugly most of the time and it's hard to build something that looks good. I thought building an obsidian temple would look good, but in the end it's just a big, blocky, blue house...Also the character can rust fast and jump high, controls are good too, and for once the UI and inventory are pretty effective ( compared to Terraria which was a nightmare to play ).All this makes a rather enjoyable experience, so if you're looking for an almost finsihed game, just buy it. Or wait for it to be free to play and possibly destroyed by a sh*tty buisness model ( hope it won't be though )."
,Recommended,280790,16708932,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KamikaZeCDN,"I don't for a second regret purchasing this game now despite the fact it's going to be F2P once it is fully released. I'm glad to say I helped even a small amount in getting this game developed. With it being early access, sure there is some bugs and other issues. But I expected them before I even started playing. None of them have ever been game breaking. But what's great is the amount of things this game does right from a very early stage in its development. There is a high level of promise here and I hope the devs stick behind this game and turn it into something fantastic."
76561198104361263,Recommended,280790,18052255,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Taddy Mason,"This game is fantastic! it's like Minecraft only in that it's a block style crafting game. everything else about it is better in every way. from the wide variety of wildlife to murder for resources (or fun), to the teleportation system, everything-EVERYTHING in this game is better than Minecraft in every way. it's like Minecraft's sexy, interesting cousin. except it's still better than that. currently, the 2 biggest downsides i see to this game are the fact that you're always logged into and playing on a server in this game-even if you're in a world by yourself. and the fact that you can't currently adjust the audio settings on the game's start screen. the 2nd one's not a big deal at all, but i have noticed some framerate drops when running around an area that i've build up a lot of stuff in. but even that doesn't happen every time."
,Recommended,280790,16774783,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vandrel,"For some reason I find Minecraft boring despite my kids loving it.  Somehow this game has spoken to me and it's turned out to be great family fun at our house.  We purchased 2 copies for the kids and one for myself and the wife.  It may not be the most amazing game ever but it's a lot of fun being able to build things and explore in a simple but yet complex dynamic environment.  The graphics are good in the sense that it's a step up from Minecraft, though performance seems to be a bit laggy at times for unknown reasons (not bad enough to completely impact gameplay).Overall, if you're tired of the same old Minecraft, give Creativerse a try."
,Recommended,280790,13993451,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,vladoportos,"So far very pleasant game, running super fast with nice graphic.. I hope the development goes well."
76561198046744603,Not Recommended,280790,14966257,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,bugsplat1,"So far not too impressed. Bought the game and can't connect to server at all. Aparently some North American client has this bug. I did everything sugested on their known bugs page and no joy. I paid for it and can't use it. Now, I can't give it a good recommendation, can't I? Too bad...looked neat on the screenshots.Update: Although the support section was kind enough to spend a couple of hours with me, the game still won't connect to the server. At the end they blamed my Internet set up. (an ordinary router hooked up to a pc box) but could not tell me why. So I had to uninstall a game I've never played.....waste of time and money.Update: After more than a year I changed my PC and my router it connected to the game. It's a nice open cube building world but I'm reaaallly not crazy about having to be connected all the time even though I single play and having only a limited ""territory"" to build stuff."
76561198073901415,Recommended,280790,23656158,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kraegan,"I don't like Minecraft, but I love this game.  305 hours and it is still as fun as it was back when I bought it.  Now it is free, MT for block kits and coins which you can use to buy custom blocks.  You can still make anything you want without buying anything.  However you can assemble blueprints quickly by buying the block kits that include all the blocks you need to complete the blueprint.You used to have to spend coins on the blueprints but they are all craftable now.  You basically gather some blocks and create the blueprint, set that down and then build the structure.  Some of the blueprints contains over 10,000 blocks!  Will keep you going for some time :)  You can also customize the blueprints.  For instance if you decide to build the wood fort but want to make it out of rock you can customize the blueprint and replace the wood blocks with the stone of your choice.  It will update the blueprint and tell you where those blocks go.  Pretty cool.Overall I'd recommend this game.  I mean hey it's free, what have you got to lose?"
,Recommended,280790,19748022,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mndy,love this game. it's really good. imo better then minecraft.
76561198026005370,Recommended,280790,23891400,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,『Kendo』   >w<,I like Creativerse !!!
76561198068988911,Recommended,280790,13818254,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,--- --- --. .- .-. ---,This is definitly a video game.
76561198132794204,Recommended,280790,29538629,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Moon,GOOD
,Recommended,280790,29659058,Posted: 2 February,all,MRVN,"My computer is a potato, and somehow the game doesn't torture my FPS. Most of the time. This allows people with old computers to play the game fairly well.I feel like crafting is a bit hard, however. It took me 4 in-game days to get a furnace for some melted beeswax to get a wooden floor so I could make a stone floor, but I ended up finding a chest with the wax instead. Speaking of which, the chests are a nice addition. Maybe put some underground and add maps to find them? Thats a good idea for me.The attempt to find nodes was either a journey that would take you through 10+ areas or you spawn fairly close to one. It was SO difficult for me to find coal nodes. COAL nodes. And I only get 6 and the machine used to get the coal dissapeared. I'm not saying nodes should appear more, but nodes should appear a BIT more. That would be nice.I still reccomend the game. The creatures are nice, building is nice. This is pretty much just Minecraft mixed with Terraria, with a bit of TerraTech. All 3 cool and awesome games, and the devs decided to be geniuses and make THIS game.10/10, would commit mass Leafi genocide again."
,Recommended,280790,29896150,Posted: 13 February,all,Romstat X,"At first i was confused, but after i shook minecraft out of my head i like this game, it is much better made than any other voxel game ive played,  5 hours in and i feel like i have barely started, so much to actually do, and exploration is a must, some much needed resources can only be found in specific biomes ore extraction is uniqe, and the animals ""quite a variety"" are all capable of what seems to be random or instigated hostility."
,Recommended,280790,29518543,Posted: 27 January,all,WHYDEAWAKE,Good
11111001013919480,Recommended,280790,19482480,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,L csgo-skins.com,Very good
,Recommended,280790,14145404,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,HimmyJendrix,"Ok i was looking at the store page and felt like the reviews are not very helpful.most negative reviews are about pay2win or pay2play complaints. this is not completely true.also most negative reviews have between 1 or 2 hours of gametime.there are 2 different things you can buy the pro pack and decorative blocks.I'll start with the pro pack 20$ will give you some stuff that will help you out in the beginning and people are complaining that you need this to be able to enjoy the game. I dont agree with this since i've had hundreds of hours of play time before the pro pack (and its things) were even in the game. true you get a flashlight with the pro pack but guess what it takes 2 minutes before you can start mass producing torches. people say they can't make their own worlds or join their friends worlds without pro this is a complete lie as every player can create 1 world without pro and join an unlimited amount of worlds from other players. What you do get with pro is some more world options and yes people are more likely to join a pro world because of this. The only real advantage a pro player gets over the f2p players is the glider and thats a biggy. I love the glider but does it make me reach places that i otherwise couldn't? No. it does help me get there faster and its just plain fun.So yeah you pay 20$ for more fun and if you want to be an admin of your own world with more world options. but guess what they host the servers for you for free. how much do you pay monthly to host a minecraft server? more than that i can tell you that cause the bill keeps comming every month.number 2 decorative blocks can be bought with coins that you purchase (or win in events that anyone pro or f2p can join) these blocks are good looking blocks and i have all of them but again like with the pro i had hundreds of hours in the game before these extra block packs were in the game. there are more than enough different kinds of blocks you can make without these bought blocks (a hell of a lot more than in minecraft btw).There are no special weapons or armors that you can buy (yes there are 2 sword recipes that come in a block pack but they are not stronger than the free swords you can get after about 1 hour of gameplay)So long story short yes there are things you have to pay for and no they are not needed to enjoy the game, they are needed to enjoy the game even more than without them.So stop complaining about having to pay for things in games that are f2p the devs need to make money to keep the game going, and like some before them these devs made the right choices in how to handle these transactions as non of them are needed to play the game and none of them makes you stronger than players who dont have them."
,Recommended,280790,32278269,Posted: 8 June,all,Aris,"I bought the game even before it was free, didn't regret it!It's one of my favourite games and I can't wait for more updates.I wish the developers to put some vehicles that you could build and fly or drive."
,Recommended,280790,29484242,Posted: 25 January,all,Azozel,Better than Minecraft. My son and I love playing this togeather. Better graphics and rendering engine definatly a game we will be playing for a long time.
,Recommended,280790,29478774,Posted: 25 January,all,Potatogator,"For those who liked and played Minecraft, this game is totally for you!It has a whole new level of crafting system which you have to acquire certain recipe to unlock other recipes to craft.The idea of it is brilliant and I honestly got addicted playing this game because it's much more challenging.Hopefully this game would be popular in the future because it is also very atmospheric and beautiful!"
,Recommended,280790,29490450,Posted: 25 January,all,Georgi Hyplex.co,This game is very fun if u play with frends! BUT ! It is so hard and a little borring if u play alone !
76561198271138604,Recommended,280790,29541847,Posted: 28 January,all,Vortex,Its pretty good
76561198081232683,Recommended,280790,32076560,Posted: 30 May,all,nicoleb777,10/10 would play over and over again
76561198174259143,Recommended,280790,34692125,Posted: 2 September,all,SNIPPER,A nice game for open world survival gamers that like minecraft to and want To diversify.
,Recommended,280790,29844834,Posted: 11 February,all,Baseik,"Date of Review: 02/11/2017Score Total: 9.7/10Graphics: 7.5/10Mechanics/Gameplay: 9/10I'm legitmentaly surprised with this game. I refused to play it for the longest time because I figured it was just another minecraft ripoff. Well here's the big deal:No there's no mods.No there's no hackers. (I've looked thoroughly for hacks)Here's what's amazing about both of these. In minecraft you need all these mods and so on just to make the game look cool or decent to your tastes and those tastes hit home on your PC and/or laptop hard. This game runs smoothly, really smoothly there's some moment of minor lag (a lot to be honest) but it's incredibly small and not an issue (at least for me.) In minecraft if you want to travel faster you're screwed from the start to grind into things less you go the cheap way with a mod or two. Here, I haven't even gotten passed Iron ore and I can actually make teleporters. The ability to traverse land is amazing because of this, and if you buy the pro pack like I did, and I HIGHLY recommend it. If not for the glider, for the transportation ease, for the extra stamina, even bag space.. Just go for travel luxury. The map isn't procedurial generated. It's not as massive as Planetside 2 or Minecraft. But it IS HUGE. It'll take you the better part of an hour to get from edge to edge.Biomes, diversity in mobs and difficulty curves to match, the feeling that you don't have to walk from edge to edge but can fast travel in teleporters. The game real has a lot of potential and is hitting home runs on everything. The game has a fair community, not a big one by any means. But they're there, 24/7 too and playing this game really stimulates you. It's minecraft on hard and easy mode. The mobs keep you on your toes, the progression system is absolutely brilliant and scales you into horror. Got a pickaxe that's stone, congratz you can mine up into the next level no further. That simple stopping point is epic. It stops people from going in over their heads, being smart and gearing up for every mine shaft and cave they venture into. This game knows how to keep you on edge.Extremely recommended!"
,Recommended,280790,29900658,Posted: 13 February,all,itspainz,nice game
,Recommended,280790,19360372,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sYns Kitty Khajt,"This game is amazing. It is indeed similar to the Minecraft game, however it is better for many reasons. Firstly it is free, free is always better. Secondly, you can have a world set up that only people with a pass word can enter or you can just keep it set to yourself. Thirdly, the latency is far lower than MC, less latency means better gameplay and more enjoyment. Lastly, there is tons more to do and see than in MC. I have told everyone I know about it and will keep spreading the word of this games awesomeness."
,Recommended,280790,19387032,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,AmazingNara,for a similar game to minecraft this is fantastic with the game constantly evolve it's interesting and it's already freetoplay :D
76561198031150193,Recommended,280790,19157500,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,elrosco44,"I played this before it was free and still thought it was a great value.  My daughter and I play this, just as we played Minecraft together.  The worlds feel more threatening than Minecraft so there is an element of danger.  The lower worlds are just very well done.  I hope the makers continue to add content as this is truyl a well put together game.  I highly recommend this title if you like this genre."
,Recommended,280790,29982250,Posted: 17 February,all,Lalatina,9/10 because isnt complete right?i never play sandbox genre before :)but you know the hours i played XDGood Luck To Developer :)I hope this game long last...oh i forget.. you should give hint or some introduction on game help... so newbie can understand what next to do.. game suggest i mean :)
76561198271961639,Recommended,280790,29763573,Posted: 7 February,all,mlg phone hotspot,"This game is awesome and in my opinion, better than minecraft. I've only experienced 1 glitch where the ground wouldn't load but it was easily fixed by reconnecting. Exploring in this game is awesome and i couldnt reccomend it more."
,Recommended,280790,29684025,Posted: 3 February,all,Cactup,I found god while playing this game 10/10
76561198105919406,Recommended,280790,29748616,Posted: 6 February,all,PaPaSmAsH,Download this surprisingly fun. 10/10
76561198292964019,Recommended,280790,29720123,Posted: 5 February,all,*w*,"Way Better Than Minecraft,Its Pretty Hard But Fun."
,Recommended,280790,29481751,Posted: 25 January,all,Steb,Creativerse...I thought I should atleast write a review about the core of this game. This game is definately drifferent but like features of Minecraft. Another form of explaining this is Minecraft is for younger generations who don't want a challange where here is a challange! The music oh my god it's not annoying like minecraft! It's soothingThe graphics are nicely done and the animations feel very solid. The crafting system doesnt leave you clueless and confused however you can't craft say the last item? You have to work your way to the TOP!! Instead they crafting system guides you along your way with blueprints and informational tooltips that show you what is needed to either craft or unlock items that are either locked or unlocked respectfully.I do reccomended this game to anyone interested. I have just brought the Pro Version and I hope there will be more features or even some build packs or codes for friends?
,Recommended,280790,30203053,Posted: 26 February,all,The Glitch Gamer,"This game has the most potential out of any early access game I have played. It is basically Ultra Modded Minecraft. Myself being a Minecraft Veteran (not exactly something to be proud of) I can say this game is the ultimate Modded Minecraft. With high resolution textures and most mobs being HD models this game is, in my opinion, better than Modded Minecraft. It has in depth crafting and makes you adventure to get the materials to craft things to progress which gives the game a really nice open world to adventure in and explore. But if you want to enjoy this game to the fullest I suggest playing with friends. It overall makes the game more enjoyable and practicle since each player gets a free teleporter that anyone can use. A negative is that some really cool things in the game such as wings that allow you to fly are only accessable by buying in in app purchase for 19.99 but the game can still be enjoyed without payingOverall I give this game a 9/10"
76561198362942437,Recommended,280790,29570939,Posted: 29 January,all,RyanTheKillerAssassin,one of the best games i have played no lag
76561198325516686,Recommended,280790,29562876,Posted: 29 January,all,Crunkster,dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is gud. very gud.
,Recommended,280790,29861797,Posted: 11 February,all,poptluka,i think i prefer bloody boobs but this is good
76561198036475779,Recommended,280790,24599513,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SilberCorgi / unstable~,"Better than Minecraft,I bought it for me and 3 friends of mine and would pay for it again! :)(I love the fact that it has quite a bit more in-game music than minecraft)"
,Recommended,280790,18523150,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Athenas88,"Been playing for about an hour and a half considering its a free week, loved it that much in that little time that I purchased the full game. Only tried on creative for the moment to learn how things work, but even still if you attack a mob they hit like a truck.10/10 definitely worth the money. Will love to see how this game develops futher."
,Recommended,280790,18559681,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Real_Life_Bites,I like that it's a bit more challenging than Minecraft and the creatures are different. I haven't found anything that I don't like about it. I am sure I will enjoy this game as much (probably more) as I do Minecraft.
,Recommended,280790,18568374,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MorbidBabe,"Awesome game, like an updated minecraft and fun to play multiplayer"
76561198243202224,Recommended,280790,18604864,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,IHSU | KICKBACK.COM,"very nice game and nice developed. I like the now update. i appreciate your work. let's leave that old game ""MINECRAFT"" and go to a brand new game. U should also make something like a forum or something where we can ask you things or help us with subjects like ""Where can i get that from etc.."" because i really got stuck i don't know where i can get mossy leafy leaf from. Nice work so far Keep it up!!"
76561198031350427,Recommended,280790,18560049,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,dark_dezire,"I played the demo version for 6 straight hours before purchasing the game.  I own just about every sandbox game.  So far this is my favorite.  I much prefer the crafting and the harvesting.  The graphics are impressive.  I hope someday it will have the ability for you to put your own textures in the game like in minecraft... to make it more personal.  I found myself immersed into the gameplay very quickly.  Having the demo is a very good idea, I myself have a few games that became ""bricks"" when the designers gave up on the game.  It makes me much more cautious when buying another early access game, but it becomes less important when you really love the game.  Of course, please continue with the game :) I will be happy with every update... I love the game.  Did I mention? I love the game"
,Recommended,280790,18601024,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,frankBuck,"A fun and engaging game with lots of possibilities. Even though it is still in Early Access, and is set to be free to play once it launches, I have not regretted spending money on it, as I have had my money's worth of entertainment.Build, explore, farm and have fun!Even though I do not like comparing it to Minecraft, there really is no way to avoid it. If you enjoyed Minecraft, you should check out Creativerse. It is Minecraft with a lot more atmosphere and style, and even though the voxel-gameplay-building is similar, it just feels like Creativerse has an extra punch to it."
76561198155923396,Recommended,280790,18542121,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CornerSniffer[Trading Knives],"This game looks like a minecraft ripoff.Its really notIt has fun combat, good graphics, amazing crafting, and cool mechanics. I would recommend picking up a copy for yourself and a friend"
76561198119376555,Recommended,280790,18607116,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Blortias Vox,"Hmm ive never witten a review but this game is so great i played it during its free week (more like the last 4 hours).I felt attached its like finding that game that you know you will never get tired of playing. thte monsters are so different I actually get scared to take them on sometimes you dont know how strong a Monster will be untill you fight it, and at night they are so much worse. The game looks alot like Minecraft but it has its own nature its own adventure theres plenty more dangers the part of building a base is more important here than in mc. I liked this game so much that i had to pay for it they deserve the money.IS AWESOME!!"
76561198076637005,Recommended,280790,18513785,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Grumpa,"Fun and enjoyable game. I like minecraft and really enjoyed Creativerse. It has enough of the elements you want in a sandbox game along with a new look at creating fun and enjoyable builds.Pros:Good gameplay from the start, no punching trees.Excellent graphicsUnderstandable goalsGreat parts and piecesCons:A bit of explaination at the very beginning would help."
,Recommended,280790,18849095,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,JKP9,"Creativerse is a cool Minecraft-ish game, with superiseingly good graphics of the minamum of windows XP, but the progression can get stale sometimes.|8/10|"
,Recommended,280790,20816677,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Grimm Liberty,"I have followed and played Creativerse from a very early point. I can say it is now ready for prime time.Like minecraft or landmark or cubeworld or windborne or ....  you'll like this. And there are plenty of people to play with.Beyond that I am not going to do my normal long ramble review. Play it, I highly doubt you will not have fun."
76561198322587972,Recommended,280790,29462959,Posted: 24 January,all,PixelStarLynx,LOVE it but it would be nice if you could add that your pets fight for you but the game is awsome
76561198255954856,Recommended,280790,18561943,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Splinter,one of the best game to play with frends me love it :)
76561198014985324,Recommended,280790,18495856,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,I ✜ GO,By far and away the best game of this type I've found. I just couldn't stay with Minecraft after playing this although Minecraft has a few more features I think that Creativerse will catch up over the next few months...
76561198343693706,Recommended,280790,29775130,Posted: 7 February,all,SPOooOOKYScrubLord360,"Is pretty awesome gamecolorful graphics,& unique artstyle,including very originalis feels so minecrafty you get that feeling of game you remember playing but a whole different wayis a 9.2/10for my opinionsomethings are kind of weird in my way, like sometimes their's no item place their when someone is using it I hope they fix that might be a bug& some random spawn point that drops you randomly sometimes safe or Death weird but is still a Early accessbut very awesome to playGOOD LUCK!!!!!! survivors"
76561198259838381,Recommended,280790,29753629,Posted: 6 February,all,Daddy Long Potatolegs,no little jimmy its not a minecraft clone
76561198045603527,Recommended,280790,17920669,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Luna,Extremely fun and wonderfully different to other build games. Thoroughly enjoyed and many more hours of play yet to come.   Thank you :D
,Recommended,280790,18516441,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Babblu,"I haven't had this much fun playing a voxel sandbox game since the early days of Minecraft back when the genre was still new to me!I don't diss Minecraft completely, as I still appreciate it for being the one to make this genre a hit, but I think it's finally time to put ol' MC away and move on to something better."
76561198006412514,Recommended,280790,18486436,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Formy Zee,"Logged thousands of hours in Minecraft, and I'm having just as much fun in Creativerse.The graphics and the overall feel of the game makes it a strong contender to the throne on which MineCraft sitting atm.I guess MC will sit there for a while longer with all the mods around backing it up as it is.But still..watch it, Creativerse is lurking in the shadows, given time and modding it will assassinate King MC swift and silent.Nothing can stand up to hungry and hard working Developers caring for their game.Looking forward to the finished product.Only wish offline mode and/or create own servers was on the table, since even tho I choose EU at gamestart and play on a 250mbit connection I still get delays on extracting blocks sometimes.Pretty much the only bad thing about the game as it is, but I guess this will be fixed somehow in the future.Buy the game..Support the devs.Keep up the good work.Oh to all ppl out there that played the game 1h during freeplay and gave the game a ""bad review""This is not MineCraft, it doesn't work the same way, don't give a game a bad review just because you don't have the brains to learn new ways to do things,,also,, thank you for making me laugh :D"
76561198253555705,Recommended,280790,30089107,Posted: 21 February,all,titracon,"It's way better than minecraft in my opinion.  Its graphics are way better and the gameplay is way cooler. I know this sounds sad, but you're stranded by yourself when you start. It's really fun with multiplayer but you can also do signleplayer. All in all this game is really fun."
,Recommended,280790,18630842,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,achloryn,"I've never played Minecraft before, but when my wife picked up this game during it's free week, I decided I would check it out as well. It is absolutely FANTASTIC. I played it for about a day and a half before I decided to pay for it, and I don't even slightly regret the choice.It's still early access, and it occasionally shows, but this game shows an extremely high level of polish that i've not seen on some games that are even fully released. The bugs that i've come across are usually small, but pretty regularly re-creatable. However the depth and breadth of the game make them easy to overlook.My biggest problem is with the combat, honestly. It's almost always a battle of attrition, and if you survive, you tend to end up with low health. At that point it's almost better to just kill yourself somehow and run and get your things. Dying is basically a part of the game, so it's good that there's no REAL repercussions for doing so (other than having to go pick up the things in your bag). Some creatures are absurdly difficult, and dodging is almost a complete non-factor. You can, occasionally, find a good spot to dance a circle around a creature and not get hit, but it's inconsisitent.My 2nd largest issue is the durability of some items in the game compared to the amount of materials required to craft them. The mining cells in particular come to mind. There's one of two ways to solve this as far as I can see: Either make items with durability (like mining cells) last a lot longer, or make the odd materials to make them more readily available. I'm not saying I want my stone mining cell to last me through 18 hours of playtime, but I would like to be able to find 5 red flowers without running around for 20 minutes looking at every other tree I find.In spite of this, the game is immensely fun, and you can easily find yourself sucked into it. Digging into your mine deeper, crafting your house to look absurdly awesome, or just exploring the surprisingly vast environments, you'll find yourself readily wondering where the hours have gone. I'd definitely give this game a 9/10, because it's technically not even finished yet. You should definitely check it out."
76561197995791154,Recommended,280790,31849960,Posted: 19 May,all,ProfessorShwifty,"This is a game I have been playing since very early access and come back to more than any other game. Every update adds high quality content, and all the paid content I find top notch.Free players can access nearly all paid content if playing on a multiplayer world as other players can craft and trade or give away the paid blocks.Creativerse is infinitly more fun on worlds with active players, I encourage anyone to find and play with a community easily found on the forums.The best part is the devlopment team, who has been active in the community since the start and cares and listens to anyone who speaks on the forums and through email.10/10"
76561198114532201,Recommended,280790,27374576,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GuyWonder22,I got this game back when it was a paid model and I have to say I do not regret paying for it. The devs have been very active and were very generous to the people that help support it when it was being sold before it went F2P. Thanks for a great game and keep up the great work.
76561198201464025,Recommended,280790,18377806,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Unicornsparkle,i am in love with this game
76561198042330342,Recommended,280790,16763963,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,OhMyDia,Interesting and fun game! But mostly it's a game you play with friends. Easy multiplayer feature and easy access to join the game. It's a little clone of minecraft. BUT I find it much better than minecraft if you ask me.
76561198142958440,Recommended,280790,17037686,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Butterz,While this game is great considering its beta i feel that onve you hit the corruption level the exploration stops and theres nothing left to do but build. I would very much like to see several more layers added to the world each with its own unique bioms and materials you need to harvest to get to the next level below. Other than that i would very much encourage you to pick this game up soley for the multiplayer aspects like the free servers saved to steam so you can play on a friends server without them being online.10/10 would grief my friends again
76561198195854069,Recommended,280790,30159571,Posted: 24 February,all,PyroSmackio,Awesome Game Really Reccomend It :)
76561198300864904,Recommended,280790,29771884,Posted: 7 February,all,SyRonTF,its ok but it will get boing after a little bit but graet music!
76561198284298529,Recommended,280790,29997188,Posted: 17 February,all,321 Phantom /Wolf,it a addictive game for sure .. iwould recamendit toothersits very fun
,Recommended,280790,29748167,Posted: 6 February,all,ABDULLAH,افضل لعبة تسكير مكعبات احسن ماين كرافت
,Recommended,280790,29816397,Posted: 9 February,all,LoveForMe,"This minecraft Clone game's got a lot of potential, Every player has his own world to play but if u dont want to get lonely, play with your friends on the same world its better, Trust Me!! Sometimes it get buggy, (sometimes u jump high, so high and then die :v , sometimes u can through the door even it closed! :v, sometimes glitch appear) But all of that will not make u leave this game.it get bored when u have everything (nice house, all Craft unlocked, etc.) So i hope they add more content, maybe they can add some mini games with friends, but still is fun to play."
,Recommended,280790,29953704,Posted: 15 February,all,Ralphsaurus,"Today i played this game for 5 hours straight, i thought it was just going to be a minecraft rip off but its got so much more and its got me hooked! I feel this game has what i feel minecraft has been missing."
76561198094090154,Recommended,280790,17942070,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Cpt. Uriel,"I like this game!  The game is fun but not like minecraft.  The style of play is different.  If you like building, finding minerals, building machines and exploring this game is for you.  Graphically, this game has minecraft beat.  I think its worth the 19 dollars.  I can't wait to see what the developers will put into it next! The game even has a teleportation system."
76561198217325284,Recommended,280790,18508321,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,black_angel,I lOVE the Game !!!I think its better than minecraft...The graphic and the people are better than in minecraft.Everythink is better XD
,Recommended,280790,18903768,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,R4ther-D4shing,"So I'm only a meager few hours into this game, and how do I feel about it?This is my first review on steam, if that says anything.People would be likely to compare this title to minecraft and for good reason-- but theres something different about Creativerse that I find much more appealing.What I likedThe modern take on the art style provides an atmosphere I found myself enjoying.My first world had me spawning in a forest, and the hollowed out logs and fallen leaves really gave it a nice feel while I took my first steps.Everything seems to function well, and I like the way recipies are unlocked and stored in a crafting journal of sorts.Movement is fluid and the hefty jump height feels good, but perhaps they could modify it in a way.. Allow players to release the key for a shorter jump rather than sailing full blast each time. All that extra air time can sometimes slow you down.The array of Fauna & Flora that's already in game is impressive, and the way the critters are animated amuses me greatly.What I didn't likeCombat, while feeling much better than a lot of games in it's genre, still feels a tad clunky. I find myself unable to dodge incoming blows the way I anticipated after reading the games features but-- I assume they intend to address this eventually. Maybe not.  I'd like to see some kind of parry or shields or some form of defensive feature like a roll to help improve your odds a bit.Biomes looked great as a whole, but the transitions between them are a little straight forward. Beyond that, logging causes 'leaf clouds' to litter my landscape since im too lazy to get all of it. I feel the addition of a full tree felling or at least leaf desintergration should be added.All in all.A game with amazing potential. It doesnt use a free to play model thats unbalanced but purely cosmetic and if this is truly early access, I can only imagine what will come in its future."
76561198169955214,Recommended,280790,30130005,Posted: 23 February,all,Red,i like this game
76561197990963712,Recommended,280790,29435348,Posted: 22 January,all,jamezr,most fun i have had in long time playing any game
76561198194629802,Recommended,280790,29543244,Posted: 28 January,all,Excuse my Lag,Its a cool game
76561198143390518,Recommended,280790,29704130,Posted: 4 February,all,TurtleBoy008,its a really fun game and you dont need to have imagination to build things because theres blueprints that tell you how to buil some houses.Of course you can still free build and the game only has a few tweeks to be fixed like sometimes its hard to go down ladders but i recmmend it to anyone who likes farming survival games
76561198050602007,Recommended,280790,29681623,Posted: 3 February,all,TebiCake,"This game is beautifully immersive.Can really look forward to go c r e a t i v e  all while listening to some vaporwave, or with friends.This game is a playground.Only thing is I wish it were in French and German. Keep the work up! And oh please add other languages... I'd love to study with this game,...."
,Recommended,280790,29433146,Posted: 22 January,all,Blazrahj,me and my wife demand corner pieces for roofs. 10/10 game
,Recommended,280790,29507204,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr_MT,the best game ever
,Recommended,280790,29773808,Posted: 7 February,all,AOS | Caveman.09,Creativerse is a step up from minecraft and it help the creative minds
76561198144643269,Recommended,280790,29764123,Posted: 7 February,all,[FF] iPey10,"A very unique sandbox game really enjoyed the time I played on it :D I recommend adding much more ores so there is no like blah blah blah is the best it should be the best for something like mining, woodcutting etc. :D"
76561198213014452,Recommended,280790,29681261,Posted: 3 February,all,Mast3rkahn,This Game Is Amasing. The Fact That its free just makes it all the more better.
76561198347221391,Recommended,280790,29701325,Posted: 4 February,all,cRein,OMG FABULOUS
76561198128170884,Recommended,280790,31881017,Posted: 21 May,all,timparker88,amazing game gives a modern twist to the great Minecraft. it has its own style and way to create I'm having to much fun to stop playing...
,Recommended,280790,31754718,Posted: 14 May,all,Xen,"Fun, beautiful, game.  Yes, like Minecraft, but better.  The glider is worth the $20.  Jump off a mountain and soar - yeah, I'll buy that for an otherwise free game.Early monsters are tough, but with a little patience, running back to your corpse a few times, you'll get there.  And resources are not ""hard to find,"" they're just not as easy as Minecraft.So what's wrong?At least on my fairly nice system, there's a memory leak.  After an hour or so, I'm 1,736,255k according to task manager.  A miute later, system freeze.  Now, granted my GPU could use an update at only 2G VRAM, but seriously, a leak is a leak.  So I have to log out all the time, can't really run my second monitor or FB at the same time, which is a thing when you sand box for some of us.I'm reading of a similar problem on the web, but it doesn't look like it hits everyone.  Anyway, if you read this, devs, please fix this.  If you're a user with a solution, let me know.  And no, it's not drivers - already did that.I want to get lost in the verse, not hope I remember to log out.  :)"
,Recommended,280790,29580657,Posted: 29 January,all,Seastar,I've only played for 2 hours so far but I'm loving it! There's so much potential. So much to do!
,Recommended,280790,28443262,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cake,เป็นเกมส์ที่สนุกและเล่นเพลินมากๆ ใครที่ชอบแนวสร้างสรรค์ ผจญภัย สำรวจโลก ตีมอน คราฟของ แนวมายคราฟ เกมส์นี้ไม่ควรพลาดคะเป็นเกมส์ฟรีที่ถือว่าคุ้มค่ามากๆ
76561198012454874,Recommended,280790,18341850,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Jack Burton,Great game
76561198199263874,Recommended,280790,30199421,Posted: 26 February,all,×Army×,good game
76561198223586552,Recommended,280790,30203103,Posted: 26 February,all,SousGames,good
,Recommended,280790,30199167,Posted: 26 February,all,Azathoth,"Well what could I say?That's my main account, on the other one I had about 300 hours on it so don't think-Hey this dude has only a few hours on this game! He can't give a structured opinion on this game!Well, I can.It's really enjoyable game! You can do basically whatever you really want. Me & my friends enjoyed it so much that we both wanted to write a recommendation of the game.One of my friends said:""This game is really enjoyable! I like that you can design your character and come back to designing it whenever you want to! I hope the next updates will add more characteristics! The graphics are phenomenal. Place is vast and opened for other people. Many animals and different stuff to use""So he mostly enjoyed the freedom of character choice and graphics.Then my other friend said:""The graphics don't matter as long as the gameplay is good. And the gameplay is gorgeous! It's like a good version of popular game starting on M. I love creating new stuff in this game! It is so good to play!""Now my opinion:""It is the best: survival, open world mmo, building, co-op game for free. I'd say that it would be in my top 10 best free-to-play and pay-to-play multiplayer survival etc. games. The whole world is massive world, with many different animals (btw. that's so enjoyable to see a small chicken-like creature sleeping!), weapons, blocks and tools! Game 9/10.There it comes to the bad bit about it.I mean, there is no really bad bit about it, appart from 2 things.The world is lagging sometimes and that's really annoying. I know it is vast but that would be really nice to develop the game so there is no problem like that.And the second thing:The ""PRO"" bit; I mean, it's really good and (as I repeated many times enjoyable) but I think at least one  of the ""PRO Only Abilities"" should be given to a normal player, like flashlight or the 60-slot backpack. As well as the PRO Account price should be reduced to £10 more players would buy it. As majority of buisnesses know ""Lower but stable system of earning money is better than a injection of quiet a big amount but once every certain amount of time. I mean, that could be reduced after a month or a few months so more people would buy this.In global, 9/10!Me and many more people recommend this game!"
,Recommended,280790,29563959,Posted: 29 January,all,EFFENDY THAM,"I started playing this game no 2016 of august with one of my friends.At first i was searching for minecraft but looking at the price my friends would probably not want to invest the money on minecraft which left me  buying the game and play alone is not fun at all.Then i keep searching and discover creativese which is what? ""FREE"" and i suggested it to my friends and we started playing.We enjoy a lot of this game, especially during exploration of ore for crafting purpose and fighting monster.The feel of around my friend is really good in this game caused we can interact together.The graphics though was great either.What i really feel bad about this game is only when i reach the bottom level of the game it self and got nothing to explore anymore, it will make the game not really enjoyable since basically we had seen everything in this game. when we go to other caves it will still be the same item again which is getting boring after we had found the deepest thing in this game.Will keep playing this game again with my friends if there are any update regarding more exploration (not another block update since i don't craft that much, i prefer exploration. seeing things that are new which can lead me and my friends keep playing).Overall the game is so good before you reach the deepest part of the layer.I recommended playing this. :)"
,Recommended,280790,29483014,Posted: 25 January,all,boopycookie,this is minecraft that got a technological boost
76561198133235752,Recommended,280790,30063111,Posted: 20 February,all,The Broken One,you can build your own siti on the tree's
,Recommended,280790,23082200,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,cool xD haha!!! :D^^,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198296335038,Recommended,280790,30062508,Posted: 20 February,all,NuClearer,"First off I would like to say that this game has among the best community of players I have ever encountered online. Everyone is super helpful and nice, very collaborative and community oriented. Let's keep this trend going!Now this is a sandbox game!I am absolutely loving this game, it's addicing and rewarding, everything about this game is fun to do.A breif overview of the game.You start off in a random location on the world map, which currently there are only 4 variants off which is unfortunate, but hopefully soon they will be procedurally generated. You have a Twig with which to hit things to kill them and harvest their loot, and a basic Mining Core/Gauntlet.You go kill Piglets, Boars, Leafis, things of that nature to collect Hide, Tusks, Sinew, Bone, etc. As you travel you can collect the trees, dirt, water, honey, etc in order to upgrade your Mining Core. Build up your core, mine around, explore, fight things, collect flowers/mushrooms. Make a Forge and Processor, create armor and weapons, other neat things. Furniture, what have you.Mining Ore in this game is different. Instead of Clicking on it and standing there until you Pop it, you place an Extractor on the Ore Node which will harvest it for you, giving you time to go and look around for more ore while it processes. Come back and poof, there's 12 Coal Ore, or Obsidian or what ever it might be. It's a very interesting take on it and it's a lot of fun.Well anyway I'm rambling on about nothing, but it's a LOT of fun and it's still in early access. Tons of fun, and immense potentil.Overall Rating8/10Oh, also, if you are crying about the game having a price tag now, get over it. Grow up, get a job. It's 20 bucks. That's like, what, less than 2 hours of work? I see so many people complaining about how they ""ruined"" the game and made it ""pay to win"" - it isn't. You can either A) Pay nothing and expierence 100% of the game, or B) Pay the nominal one time fee of 20 bucks, and get a bunch of goodies, and be able to create multiple worlds, and also help fund the dev team for more updates in the future.Stop being so entitled to free stuff. This real life. Money doesn't grow on trees. Nothings ever free."
,Recommended,280790,31698179,Posted: 12 May,all,Gappagurumi,"Now that it's released, I figured I'd write a review.As you can see I have over 200 hours on this game and I've been through various stages of the early access.This game has blossomed in front of my eyes from a barely playable game to a game I actually follow, and I get excited about new updates.There's a TONNE of things to do from killing mobs to taming them, to farming and cooking and of course digging and building, crafting and making adventures.When you create your own world, there's a whole bunch of options that aren't static. From a PvP on/off switch to low gravity, peaceful creatures etc etc. There's always a way for you to play and enjoy the game.There are several bugs and those are annoying but the devs and the community tend to work together to try to solve the bugs asap.I give this game 8/10.----Pros:- Good solid graphics.- Character customization- Diverse gameplayCons:- Content can only be pumped out at a certain rate.- Bugs that tend to bug you ;-) (Though solved quick)- Lack of variety in mobs."
76561198061736988,Recommended,280790,30196246,Posted: 26 February,all,President Donald Trump,"Played the game a bit here and there. Pretty good for a F2P game. Its mostly about building worlds and exploring them, so its not too competitive. Has multiplayer, can play completly without spending money, ect. Cons are the bad AI, lack of dungeons and monster types, currently no MOD support. Minecraft is older but still better due to MOD support. IE player created anything you want. If this game had MOD support, this would own minecraft hands down."
76561198051018724,Recommended,280790,29574929,Posted: 29 January,all,garrett terminator,one of the best survival games ever
76561198003837218,Recommended,280790,29642129,Posted: 1 February,all,MiscreantPie,Love it.
,Recommended,280790,29811761,Posted: 9 February,all,VenomzCS,YOBANI♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198083790493,Recommended,280790,29557794,Posted: 28 January,all,fillemfullead,fun fun game alot like mine craft-with differences but lots of fun
76561198277192254,Recommended,280790,29708897,Posted: 4 February,all,gamekingofthebeast,a pretty good game
76561198021858550,Recommended,280790,29673398,Posted: 3 February,all,TheoD!,love it too bits
,Recommended,280790,29710427,Posted: 4 February,all,Novaxine,Not minecraft
76561198024694251,Recommended,280790,26593725,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,I_Am_Become_Death,"This is one of the best Early Access Games I've ever come across, even as a full release it's an amazing game, if this is your type of game. A lot of people have stated in their negative reviews, concerns about single player, you can lock the map and not give anyone the password, basically making it your world alone. Other complaints include the addition of 'pro' mode, which I bought the game, which grandfathered me into a pro version. This is a business, and as such money makes the gears go 'round, it's still free to play without and mechanical downgrades. You don't get the glider, but you can walk/run/swim, you don't get a flash light, but you can craft lights, There's work around for all paid content, spare a few novelty blocks which don't break mechanics.There could be a few upgrades to the crafting system, but it's still 100% functional as is. Just convience features could help. In my personal opinion there could be some work done to costs of crafting and times, but they're already not horrible. This is a great game, I've enjoyed all my time in it, thus far, and it's still in Early access."
76561198032776299,Recommended,280790,35279523,Posted: 28 September,all,Rusty Shackleford,"So I am giving this game a hesitant thumbs up....but mostly because it is free to play.  It has been a long back and forth between this game and Minecraft. I love both games, but unfortunately Creativerse is all building, and sharing those builds using blueprints. There is so much more you can do in Minecraft, and the redstone system while being incredibly awkward, once learned is ultimately more powerful than anything you can do in Creativerse. In minecraft you can ride things with a saddle, travel to other lands like the nether and the end, and the whole experience is just so much more fleshed out and there is so much to learn and explore. Creativerse has a fairly obvious line of progression. You complete that, and then it is basically just building and sharing the builds. If that is your thing, then cool! However I prefer more actual ""game"" and interesting fun mechanics, instead of just building for the sake of building. I really wish they spent more time fleshing out the gameplay mechanics instead of focusing on making new blocks to bait you in to buying, and the blueprint system that I never once found worth using. There is just nothing CREATIVE about building someone elses design. SO while I did enjoy this game, it just needs more and gets stale rather guickly compared to good old Minecraft.Devs, make more actual GAMEPLAY instead of reskinning blocks to make money from here on out, and you will draw in more players to actually buy premium things in your game. Right now there is just not enough there to keep people entertained for more than a month straight unless they are dull and really easy to amuse."
76561198034888267,Recommended,280790,29727636,Posted: 5 February,all,Belsnickel,"1/10, my pet disappeared from his house. Give him back to me or give me a refund."
,Recommended,280790,29790113,Posted: 8 February,all,Buttercup,minecrafts ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin
76561198355258370,Recommended,280790,29430990,Posted: 22 January,all,KillerNerd,there should be a creative mode
,Recommended,280790,30180977,Posted: 25 February,all,megatron,Pros.looks fantasticplays easydid i say it looks fantasticevents are fun to do to get more items to craftprice tag is decent even minecraft in early stage was 20 bucksI am reccomending play the free version before buyingCons-huge coneven though you go pro you still have to buy decrative blocks if you want even more designs-- huge con for me if you buy pro and thats why i did not buy pro and refuse to do so. I just headed back to minecraft because of this.
,Recommended,280790,12293580,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,deen wispa,"It had been nearly 24 months since I wrote my initial review of this game. I need to update this especially with the kerfluffle that occured in the R33 update. There are other reviews that can talk about the depth of this game and how it compares to say a Minecraft game. But I want to address the reviews. If you're seeing some negative reviews trending to the top due to R33, then keep reading because I feel those bad reviews are dishonest and I'd like to give a more even handed review.So basically, alot of the man children and 14 year olds are mad because the devs introduced several new outstanding features. This includes the ability to use a glider to fly around the world. Weeeeee! You can customize your own world server. And other smaller enhancements such as a flashlight and increased inventory storage. However, in order to have this, you must pay for Creativerse Pro for $20. But they are being generous and giving Pro to early access backers or anyone who bought anything through the store.However, there is one downside. They are also limiting free players from only owning 1 world rather than owning multiple worlds, as had existed prior to R33.  I can see why some are mad at Playful for limiting ownership of worlds to 1 per free player whereas before you could own unlimited worlds. All of these worlds take up alot of server space which the devs must pay for. And there are few reasons anyone needs to own this many worlds to begin with. Each world is huge unto itself and can accomdate a couple thousand players easily. So outside of that, the game is in no way affected and the quality continues to get better. And I'll bet you anything those people complaining will still keep playing.Claims such as this being pay to win and other silly giberish are just that; gibberish. Apparently all the freeloaders think a 15 man company should starve to death and not be able to pay their rent by simply giving everything away for free. Gasp. The nerve of this company!In fact, with the introduction of basic machinery and wiring in R33, I expect to see the devs introduce more advanced machinery and functionality. Perhaps think Scrap Mechanics but for voxel based building? Just guessing and hoping.I had nearly 100 hours into this game before stopping to play for 9 months. But these new features along with everything else they added in between has pushed me to start playing again with new excitement.TLDR: Some of the playerbase are too cheap to pay $20 and using the tired P2W meme as their way to spite Playful.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw4VKWdTr38&feature=youtu.be"
76561198097102268,Recommended,280790,16928415,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,B.R.O.W.N.Y.,"Creativerse is very similar to Minecraft. There are plenty of mobs, caves, biomes and blocks to find. Build mighty structures or play it as a survival game. In my opinion, Creativerse is actually better than Minecraft. It lets you set up your own server for free. The graphics are much better, the biomes are more attractive and just visually stunning, helping you to feel more immersed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycrYgLo302w"
76561198070671424,Not Recommended,280790,13953038,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,nathan.guhl,"I wouldn't recommend it just yet, because I haven't been able to ""Connect to a Server,"" with a block eternally spinning in front of my face as the ""Connecting to Server"" window shows no signs of any servers being connected too, which is very frustrating considering I did pay $20 for it. The in-game store to cut out waiting for items to be crafted is kind of a bad idea considering it's basically paying out of impatience and so many ""pay-to-win"" games exist now. In general, I recommend removing the crafting time idea considering it takes time to gather resources to make most things in the first place. However, I have seen some game play and can see the potential. It does look beautiful with the block design, as well as the tiered crafting and recipe discovery system adding a twist to your typical crafting systems. The mobs having their own unique shapes and even having a night time counterpart is very pleasing to see despite probable adjustments needed. Once I can actually get some hands-on time, I might edit this review or post a better one, but for now, until the connection issues get settled or an offline mode is added for those who struggle with connection, I give it a thumbs down."
76561198095995794,Recommended,280790,16552367,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MoonRa~,i like this game .
,Not Recommended,280790,20081141,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Criminal Violin Has Died,"At the current time, I feel that the developers have really started to simply let go and lose commitment to this game. When I first played it, I did a let's try miniseries on my youtube channel of it. At the time the devs were clearly very commited and knew exactly where they were going to take this game. I loved it and in the end told my viewers that I highly recommended it. But after around 4 months hiatus, I returned ti the game for yet another video, this time to ""Revisit"" the game and re-review it. And to my dismay, dissapointment, and slight annoyance, it made me realize just how far things have fallen for this game. A game that had immense potential, especially with such once-commited devs, that actually truly listened to the community have let go. And it seems those that are still at least half-commited are lost and split on the direction they want to take it. The game also still lacks a creative mode which is easily my biggest peeve with this game. It actually does make me a bit maddened. So all in all, my love for this game and excitement are all gone. Washed straight out of me. However I know there is still great potential for this game if the devs get back to where they were priorly in the beginning, back to be energized, excited, commited, and community oriented. Knowing the exact direction they wish to take it. So for the time being, it's honestly a ""I'll leave it up to you to decide"" notion rather than a don't/do recommend sequence from me. And that's my actual true stance on the game currently. But since I had to choose yes or no on recommending it in order to post this, it's easily a no."
76561198097528276,Not Recommended,280790,31722462,Posted: 13 May,all,Taketscheanu,I want my 20 euros back!!!in early access it was buyable for 20 euros now its for free and has a DLC. for 20 euros...anyway you dont even get the DLC for free if you bought it earlier.Many people got nothing for 20 euros....
,Recommended,280790,17021554,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,lemansgranprix,"With close to 200 hours in...I'd say I have already gotten my money's worth.  Much better looking and more vibrant colors than its competitors and great looking creatures and textures, this game wins hands down.  It will feel quick to get through, but fun enough to have you coming back for more."
,Recommended,280790,25262817,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Taliats,"I honestly don't see the problem with paying for features, i am sick of seeing this attitude where people think they are entitled to things, had a quick look at the game because i am tired and wanna get some sleep but i will certainly be playing much more tomorrow.Looks like a fun game that i am happy to pay for."
76561198089026537,Recommended,280790,17688558,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Zeth,Great game just needs more content
76561198094554627,Recommended,280790,17723517,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,kenzertazwi1,"Before you say or think anything, NO THIS IS NOT A MINECRAFT CLONE. It is a voxel (or box) style game.  Minecraft is not the only voxel game in the world.  This game however, was worth paying the $20 to get to play it early.What I like about it:- There's a back story, in which you find through items scattered in the world- The crafting system- Building creativity / freedom- Active community (dev.s listen and reply very quickly to suggestions!)- Friendly community- No pressure to buy anything- The creatures are downright adorable- and more.I highly recommend that anyone who loves adventure to play this game.  Even if you don't have the imagination for sandbox games, this one has you exploring the world in your own way.  Craft all the items.  Find recipes that aren't just handed to you.  Create your base.  Blow everything up! (Even friends)"
76561198156025580,Recommended,280790,15842024,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Fhranks,I love this Game really!!!!!!!! It has a so fantastic atmosphary and it makes me Happy when I play this Game. Really this Game is Fantastic
,Not Recommended,280790,20790032,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,hyckaru,I bought this game with 20 euros and now it's free...Seriously? -.-I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,280790,24458763,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Chosen Mimes,"Don't buy this unfinished mess.There is almost no content and the content there is is behind hours upon hours of grinding and days of waiting.yes that's right. Most of your gameplay will be waiting for those slow as can be machines to finish up  something like splitting a block of wood into slabs.which takes.....10 seconds!good luck making a few hundred of those.This game seemed quite promising at the beginning. i was there. It would be the next minecraft! With modding support, upgradable stations etc.No. It's nothing more than a cheap and loveless mobile game."
,Not Recommended,280790,18830334,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Alistair,"Many people have brought up the discussion about the game being ""pay to test, free to play.""  I, personally, am in line with those who resent having paid to alpha test a game that is going to become free to play.  While it is true that the developers have had the reality of this intent hidden away in the fine print of the game's store page, it was not always nearly so obvious as it is now.  Had I known, at the time of purchase, that I was funding the development of a micro-transaction-riddled free-to-play, I would never have spent a penny.Here is the evidence of how it was previously toted back on October 18th of 2014.https://web.archive.org/web/20141018182311/http://store.steampowered.com/app/280790In order to see the free to play disclosure from this store page, you would have to scroll down to the section underneath the early access banner, click a ""Learn more"" link that is very lightly colored against a very light background, and read a FAQ that most people are not going to look at when evaluating a game for purchase.  Free To Play was not selected as a game tag, it was not listed in the Genre section of the game's description, it was not displayed in the title nor anywhere else which would be considered a prominant view area.To top all this off, the devs are offering nothing to those of us who supported them during development, leaving us to purchase JPEGs from their online store just like those who get what we've already purchased for free.  I can't help but feel like my generosity in supporting a game I thought showed great promise has been stomped on and disrespected."
76561198134329130,Recommended,280790,18490146,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,FERRARIASSASSIN,Ok first off id like to say that this is coming from someone who has been playing Minecraft almost since it first came out and as of now i am sooooo bored of it due to doing every possible thing on it and even getting bored of mods lol. But anyways this game is somewhat like Minecraft but even better! It is so fun and is a complete different experience than Minecraft so donot think that it is a cheap copy of Minecraft as it is not. I love this game and tried the free Demo and will defiently be buying this soon!
76561197999861950,Recommended,280790,31635776,Posted: 8 May,all,Attack of the Neff!,"Yes, this is another voxel sandbox builder, just like Minecraft. Yes, I have hundreds of hours on Minecraft. I also have hundreds of hours on CV. I enjoy CV immensely more than the other game. The Devs listen, the community is very helpful and kind, and this is literally just the beginning of this game. The Devs have so much more in store.It is difficult to get started in this game. Gathering resources is a chore at first and the hostile creatures are unforgiving, but it all becomes farmable one you reach the top tech tier. Ignore the whining of the children who spent .2 hours, discovered it wasn't easy mode, left a bad review and quit.Also, I read a review that literally said this was a like a pay to playMinecraft...um...what?Minecraft costs $30...you can literally do most anything you want in this game for free, although Pro is sweet. And honestly, complaining about in-game purchases? Not sure about you guys, but I am an adult living in reality. No one works for free...you can't have a completely free game, kiddos. It doesn't work that way.Bottom line is if you like voxel based sandboxes, give this game a shot. You literally have nothing to lose but a little time that you probably would have wasted anyway.  :)"
,Recommended,280790,16634068,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Karu,Very solid game so far. I enjoy the mechanics and the crafting elements with some survival being thrown in. I see great potential for this as far as modding go and I do enjoy the streamlined multiplayer. I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like. I'd also like some more crafting progression though I know there is plenty of other things to work on. Some progression to make more complex machines and advanced  processors and forges. You guys are doing great so far.
76561197994383050,Not Recommended,280790,17004283,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NickelToe,"Good idea, basically minecraft with progression, but the in game shop ruins the game for me.  Not sure if they will ever support mods but I don't see how they would ever support mods that were player based and free.  Perhaps they will use the new steam method where you must pay for other user's mods, but that is a non-starter.Pros -Better graphics than most other games of the genre (Planet Explorers excluded imo)Progression which most games dont have but feels like Terraria somewhat.Cons -In game shopMods will likely cost more money in the futureIn the end if you wan't a upgaded Minecraft with Terraria-like progression but no creative mode, this is for you."
,Recommended,280790,16569869,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Monolith,This game is very addicting..I went into it thinking oh another Minecraft clone...but about 3 hours into it..I realized this is what Minecraft single player should be like.Pros: Awesome crafting system.Beautiful world without addonsUnique styling and setupRuns very smooth...seems very well optimized.Cons: Seems short once you make it to Corrupt....but it is early access.Crafting options seem limited now...but it is early access.AI is a little dumb....but it is early access.
76561198125769553,Recommended,280790,16490459,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Shamus,"Got this game today, and played about 10 hours worth. I think It's worth playing! If you like a sandbox type game/ do whatever you feel like doing. This game is recommended!"
,Recommended,280790,16484695,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Noblesdown,"I haven't delved too deep (YET) into Creativerse, but what time I've spent in it (a few months ago as of this review, I'm sure there's all sorts of new stuff!) has been quite fun. Sure, it's another Minecraft type game, but so what? That's a good thing. The way things function however, make the game play quite different than minecraft even early on, and from what I could tell it was only going to get more divergent on its own path.One thing I can tell up front is this is more of an exploration based/combat game in terms of your delving down below ground. Sure, there are critters in minecraft, but no one really worries about any of the minecraft creatures. This game has things that will EAT YOU AND SPIT OUT YOUR EYES TO MAKE SOUP FOR LEFTOVERS ON THURSDAY.Anyways, I strongly recommend this game if you like building/open world/exploration minecraft type games, enough that I suggest you pay for it despite it eventually going free to play upon release. Support the devs for their quality, hard work, and have fun building and exploring!"
,Recommended,280790,18475790,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Wrathalos,ok where can i start ive had my fare share of voxel games but this one by far is the best game ive ever played. the graphics are awesome the game mechanics are smooth and i dont have to go look at a wiki to know how to craft something that being said this game is a 100000000000 out of 10. it surpasses everything voxel related a must own masterpiece of art.
,Recommended,280790,18756267,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Sky Syn,"Found some TNT.. Tried to kill a monster but blew up my house instead...Put a Teleporter deep underground past lava into a crazy purple poison zone...Purple people eaters kept teleporting into what was left of my house,I was running around like a mad woman that day..."
76561197996353425,Recommended,280790,18473978,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Ravor,"Good game.  4/5 Would recommend buying the finished product when released, but even for early access the game has a lot of content.  I put quite a bit of time into it, could have spent more building, but I'm not really a building guy, I prefer exploration, fighting etc.  If you enjoyed Minecraft, thisr is an improvement.What I liked:-Graphics are nice, good lighting effects. I found myself stopping and looking around quite a bit.-Lots of the biomes are really neat, the swamp especially I enjoyed when I first discovered it.Canyons are also very cool.-Recipie discoveries - I liked that it was tiered so that was really good.  I didn't like that I had to build some stuff to open the other stuff though, was kind of a waste of resources, but whatever.-Difficulty - Tier by tier the monsters where pretty tough, so whenever I went into combat I was really careful because ya never know what was going to happen.  As I got better weapons the stuff above ground was pretty much cake, but down underground there was never a time when I felt comfortable or secure.What I didn't like:-You don't know what you don't know.  I'm still not sure how to get some of the items required to make some stuff.  I never saw an Egg the entire game.  I'm guessing you have to Tame something?- Some of the items required to make stuff was tedious to gather, especially potions at times.  The resistance potions where kind of annoying to make.  Not a huge deal, but maybe get a bit more for less resources?- Farming with the Hoe - This was way to slow.. I don't know if there was any other kind of item that made it faster, but tilling the grass/ground was 4 or 5 seconds per plot... it was time consuming.-Corruption mob density was a little high.  Because they had so many HP it was really tedious to fight because you got swarmed.  I was building terrain traps to farm stuff, I'm cool with that but it gets tedius when you want to explore but can't.Suggestions:-Combat - I liked combat, it was challenging.  I felt maybe a medium power range weapon would be a good choice, something to soften mobs up before engaging?  I know there's bombs, but they are somewhat expensive to make.-Crafting Tabs - Let me tab off stuff if I like, as per ARK.-Gathering Water/Liquid was kind of annoying.  I felt that if I sat there, it should maybe speed way up as I collect the resource?-Terraria, rare monster drops to summon bosses, etc.Anyhow, good game.Free week was awesome, I'll buy the game for sure when it's out."
76561198018601721,Recommended,280790,20797960,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Tuandor,"Hmmm...do I like the game? Just look at my hours played!The only other game to challenge for hours consumed would be Minecraft but I got sick of that game ages ago. Main reason why? Every update I would have to wait for, then download, then install all the mods I required to make the game bearable.Creativerse has those things as standard. Better graphics, better hud, more mobs, more ores, more blocks, decorations, etc, etc.In early access it is already vastly superior to Minecraft Vanilla and each update makes it better than most mods!"
,Recommended,280790,16551655,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cordoro,"I've only played for about an hour so far, but this game seems much more polished in the presentation than Minecraft ever was. They do a lot of subtle things that help the world feel more believable while still keeping the same blocky building construction that worked so well in Minecraft. I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but it appears from the menus that you will be easily able to join others' worlds. Also, each player has a teleporter built in making it easy to construct a base that you can return to. I recommend trying this when it's free to play at least, though it was totally worth my money to get early access."
76561198083222667,Recommended,280790,31638912,Posted: 8 May,all,Mr. Salacia,its fun but like every other game like it grab blocks stack said blocks or move said blocks out of your way so you can dig get the start with crap gear do some work and like most other games you get gold and some how one of the weakest metals in the world becomes the game best gear lol but yeah its like sky saga protal kights boundless fortress craft  or anyone of them i played it i liked it but like all the others doing the same 5 things for 67 hours does get kind of painful i would say if you like these game try it see if you like it but if you dont your not missing anything out of this world here
76561198136943637,Recommended,280790,30042506,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr Man,It's like Skyrim without cars.
,Recommended,280790,18467163,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,KromaBlaze,Epic !
76561198044364901,Recommended,280790,18473453,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Lady Willow,"For me it is an improved Minecraft... a bid more futuristic, and better grafics,its fun, easy, and you can jump  right in and have fun.One thing though (for me) it is a tad difficult to see what you have to do to get a new thing.... like, i did not find out till about an hour in, that you can upgrade your hand tool!But i think overall, that it is fun, and i will use a lot off hours in it :)"
,Recommended,280790,19021515,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TheCaptainFluff,I payed to get this game and do not regret it one bit.
76561198097283141,Recommended,280790,18011034,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Shadue Walker,"I just start playing the game, I've been playing for about 5 hours staight. I really like the game. Will give more on the reveiw when i get deeper into the game."
,Recommended,280790,18469814,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Deadlykitten,I have been playing the game while it's free and i enjoyed it so much that i brought myself the game while its still half price. I love minecraft and most building and and crafting games so things is just my sort of game lots to do to pass the hours.
,Recommended,280790,19516589,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Masturbaman,"Okay... Although i've only played for like 60+ hours, but i guess it's enough for me to finally make a review, since i've reached the deepest floor on  creativerse, and i kinda get the hang of the whole game. And this is my score for this game ( Please keep in mind that i have never played minecraft so i can't compare the 2 game) :Gameplay : 8.5Music : 8Crafting : 8.5Combat : 8 ( The combat is simple but the monsters and their unique spawn rate is unique )Unique : 8.5Longevity : 9! ( If you play this with friends!)IMPORTANT MESSAGE ON THE BOTTOM OF THE REVIEW! SO PLEASE DO READ THE REVIEW THOROUGHLY :)))A bit of my story about the game :For someone who has never played minecraft and stuff... For me this game is amazing,This game has endless possibilities, I can do almost anything that i want in this game... The graphics is awesome, the gameplay is good on its on way, There are tons of unique monsters.The first time i played this game... I was confused, because i have never played minecraft before, and there is barely any Tutorial for this game, but after playing a few hours, I'm starting to get the hang of the game and i really enjoyed it.I was playing with my buddy and at first we were building a small treehouse and stuff, and we thought that it was amazing... But then after a few days, we explored that this game has ( What we called it ):1. Spring Zone2. Summer Zone3. Autumn Zone4. Winter ZoneAnd after we look around, we decided to move our house to the Winterrrr Zoneeeeee....!!!And then we build our own castle, WE DESTROYED THE WHOLE MOUNTAINNNN WITH A ♥♥♥♥IN BOMB LOLOL.... It was amazing xD... And we made our own monster breeding place, using the soil and the ecosystem based on where they spawn. so we basically dont have to walk to actually farm for the monsters.OKAY BACK TO THE REVIEW!~~~~~GAMEPLAY :The gameplay for me is unique, simple , and fun ... It doesn't require you that much of skill to actually enjoy the whole game... And as someone who has never played a single sandbox, voxel based open world game.... this game is amazing, because i can actually do almost anything that i want. And the features in this game varies, and it never bores me.- You can suck the ground and mine the ore based on what layer of soil you are in... There are :------- 1. Normal Soil------- 2. Layers with Obsidian and a few useful ores------- 3. Layers with iron and a few useful ores------- 4. Layers with Mythril and a few useful ores------- 5. Layers with Diamond and a few useful ores------- 6. LAVA LAYERZZZZ------- 7. End of the world (?) Where you can gather Lumite...ANDDD... each layers has its own unique monsters with unique drop for crafting!Best way to open the space for mining is using BOMBS!!! easy space lol.Watch this guide :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olRGrgYsV-oMUSICCC : The music is quite soothing and it's really enjoyable while playing the game ...Crafting : The crafting is quite basic, as usual... you gather stuffs and when you have enough ingredient , fuala~ you can craft those items...BUT... If you want to open the next recipe , you basically have to AT LEAST craft the recipe before it... OnceSo basically if you want to open the whole recipe, just craft em all... although not all recipe has the next recipe if you craft 'emAND WHAT MAKES IT UNIQUE :There are different processing machine for each kinds of crafting, and it's what makes the game quite unique, and you can multitask different craft in a different machine! and you can also make unlimited amount of that machine too! amazing right...?!COMBATTT :The combat itself is quite simple, just mash-click your button lol... But what makes it unique is the kinds of monsters and items that they droppedAAAANNDD Where they spawn! you can actually make an ecosystem just like where they used to live, and the monster itself will spawn! That way, you dont have to actually run from side to side just to gather those monsters item, since this game has limited amount of teleport machine, which is limited to one teleport machine for each players.UNIQUEEE :This is game TO me is unique, because you can do almost anything, and it really differs from other sandbox game that i've witnessed from youtube and stuff... The gameplay and etc is much more polished than the ancestor... Minecraft, although there are some parts that still lacks of something...But overall this game is fun, enjoyable, unique, and if you play this with your friends, this game is just amazingly fun in its own way lol trust me!LONGEVITY :The game is very fun, it doesnt get boring fast, and even after 200+hours i would even still play this game and smile like a dork everytime i finished building something with my buddies.One key to make this game longlasting ... Play this game with your friends... seriously... it gets really fun especially if you play this game with teamspeak or any voicechat program...SOOO This is the end of my review! I hope you enjoy reading my first...detailed review i have ever made.I hope it makes it easier for you to decide to play this game or not...AND IF YOU WANT TO JOIN MY WORLD ON CREATIVERSE... SIMPLY JUST ADD ME, AND CHAT ME WHEN IM ONLINE :)MY WORLD IS STILL RATHER SMALL BUT I BASICALLY HAVE COVERED MOST OF THE IMPORTANT ASPECTS OF THE GAME SUCH AS ORE MINING, MONSTER BREEDING, AND A MOUNTAIN SIZED CASTLE :)"
,Recommended,280790,29585174,Posted: 30 January,all,rakeesh,My Friend from school recommended this game for me. So far i am enjoying it
,Recommended,280790,31830049,Posted: 18 May,all,blurtsmum,i love playing this game at the momant i am bilding a fort
76561198264434835,Recommended,280790,29719138,Posted: 5 February,all,Scrubdic,its cool game i really liked this one
76561198125811268,Recommended,280790,30188045,Posted: 25 February,all,Dumb fagg,it not bad
76561198323980419,Recommended,280790,29624534,Posted: 1 February,all,Ocnarf110616,Love it!
76561198050859921,Recommended,280790,25419194,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,wildwestusmc,"So my opinion on this game is buy it! It's $20, and lots of fun. If you like Minecraft, you will love creativerse. This game is a huge upgrade to Minecraft. The graphics are 10 times better (I don't play minecraft without a resource pack), what you can create with the blocks available is amazing, and right now I would say there is no need for a modded version. The recent update did a lot for this game imo. Before the update I hadn't put a ton of time into the game. Since the update I have been floored on all the changes they have made.Now I say all this with love and admiration but it is not without flaws. I have had some issues where teleporting from one place to another wont load into the new place I teleported to and had to leave world and restart. I have also left world in one of these situations and and went to reload and got nothing but a black screen. On occasion there is some lag but it is nothing major.As for a lot of these recent bad reviews... Quit your crybaby crap! Whaaaaa they want money for something they created and I used to love but now ♥♥♥♥ them because they want $20. The fact that you can't be bothered to pay $20 to purchase a great game when your computer most likely cost you anywhere from $300 to $3000 is complete rubbish. These Devs basically worked for free up to that point creating something for you to enjoy. Now they would like to see some return on their investment... SHOCKER! Do you like getting a pay check at work? I mean by your standards you should just work for free and let others enjoy having you around! Think about it this way, what other games do you own? I'd be willing to bet the majority of you own quite a few games. Some in the price range of $50 to $60 and you never got to try that game before you purchased it. This game let you play for free for quite a while and all they are asking for in return for the Pro version with all the bells and whistles is $20. You can still play for free though, with no money out of pocket. $20 is not a lot for a good game. For a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game sure I could understand not wanting to pay for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game but this is a really good game!"
76561198144392178,Recommended,280790,29920931,Posted: 14 February,all,Yondoth,"""oh, come on, not another *mincrafty* game.   Whatever, I guess I'll try it.""  Creativerse isn't TERRIBLE.  But it isn't amazing either.  As usual, you'd want to find shelter, in any survival game, and find some coal.  Doesn't sound too difficult..... Having no clue what coal looked like in this game, I just started TEARING apart the ground inside of the hole I dug.  Took me 4 hours to find one coal ""node"", as is what they're called here, abd when I did I said "" Finally, that took waaaaaaayyyyy to long, *click click click*, why can't I mine this?!? *Tip thingy pops up in the top right of the screen*  ""You'll need an extractor to get some coal.""  What the f- fine, fine, fine then.  I'll make one of these, ""extractors"", and I'll finally get my coal.  But on the bright side, the recipe for an extractor is EXTREMELY cheap, as it is the weakest.  Made one and ran back to the coal, and left clicked, wrong button, right click.  ""There we go!  Why did that take so long?!?!!  Back in Minecraft,"" Yes I will be making a lot of comparisons to Minecraft in this review. ""This would've taken me just 5 minutes after getting situated.""  Come to find out that takes more time to get the coal, not that much time, but I was pretty irritated about this whole thing, since I was at this for 4 and a half hours at this point.  So, just a minute and half later I got 5 coal from one node.  ""Not bad, I guess. still, I wish that wasn't so hard.""  Yes, after playing this, and liking it thus far, I realize that it shouldn't have been that difficult.  Now I know that.  But after using the extractor, I noticed that I didn't get it back.  Which upsetted me just as an inconvienence, since I knew then that I would be carrying atleast 10 at a time, plopping them here and there.  Then it hit me, I can just place one down and do something else, then come back to it, and grab the coal.  That is a HUGE plus.  This game is ALL about progress.  The start of the game is a little to slow for my liking.  However, it is largely Pay to Play, as you can only have ONE WORLD at a time.  You HAVE to buy the ""Premium Upgrade"" to do anything.  Like the world settings.  You want peacful enemies?  Buy premium!  You want extra inventory space?  Buy premium!  Want more than one world?  Buy premium!  This is the kind of marketing that I WISH NEVER CAME TO LIGHT!  I like having the ability to make more worlds as I please.  I don't want to buy a piece of memory space for that sh*t.  I have an intense Love Hate relationship with this game.  So far, in the eight hours that I have put into this game, it has crashed once, but probably it was because I was messing a little with the settings, trying to fix a few things here and there.  I recommend this if you are getting tired of Minecraft, as this is a more, ""special"" type of ""minecraft-esque"" game.  One last thing though.  Fix the craftable light sources, in the mean time, I'll just say, make a LOT of torches and find coal as soon as possible, you can't make the better torches without it."
,Recommended,280790,30206571,Posted: 26 February,all,PuddingPirate,It's like gay minecraft.
,Recommended,280790,30001659,Posted: 17 February,all,[Troll]Dodi,CREATIVERSE ES UN JUEGO QUE ES SIMILAR A MINECRAFTH CON LA DIFFERENCIA DE Q EL  PVP  NO ES MUY  DIVERTIDO .NORMALMENTE LO USO PARA RELAJARME CONSTRUYENDO  Y EXPLORANDO  . SI QUIERES PASAR UN  RATO SIN TENSION AL PVP Y SER ALGO CREATIVO ESTE ES EL JUEGO INDICADO PARA ESO  .REMCOMENDADO
,Recommended,280790,26231514,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Gamesjunkie,This is a game I keep coming back to. I first started playing for free and had so much fun I bought in early and now have a pro account. A lot of people are upset to have the free version changed but it cost them nothing and early access has always been subject to change. Think of the free version as a demo. Unhappy? Stop playing. Think it's just average? Don't spend for the pro upgrade. Easy as that.I personally enjoy the building aspects the most and have my world set up to be a peaceful place but you can adjust it to make it more challenging or even add pvp. There's also farming and creatures can be tamed. Food can give buffs to help you survive the harsher biomes but you do not need to eat constantly like some survival games. I'd like to see more varitety overall as far as creatures and building blocks but they continue to add more as the game progresses.Currently at 118 hours played I feel I easily have enjoyed $20 worth of game.Try it for free and make up your own mind if it's worth paying for.
76561198039341942,Not Recommended,280790,22538536,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,sk8champ0,"It is fun at first but in a few hours it is like a piece of dump. Not much to do after you finish the game(by getting the best gear etc..) It is quite dull/lacking of content. It is buggy/glitchy in some areas, quite laggy sometimes even though i have good pc."
76561198155114328,Recommended,280790,29922511,Posted: 14 February,all,IceyBabey,"Very addictive and fun!Awesome playstyle,I love it!"
76561198095851255,Recommended,280790,29609980,Posted: 31 January,all,MCPEPP,"Well i have played it a bit now and i think that its a great/boring game....Of course theres a lot to do in creativerse, but sometimes if you play alone it gets kinda boring no real like challenge or anything like that just building and progressing. BUT! if you play with friends or other people its like minecraft but better made if that makes sense. so if you have friends that play the game or want to, then you should definitely buy the game. oh ps theres updates ALL! the time so dont worry about content:D"
,Recommended,280790,29529647,Posted: 27 January,all,dragonhunter03,its great! im just horrible at using my time so i waste my time downloading this game and uninstalling it 1million times a day
76561198143120573,Not Recommended,280790,24869795,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Doggo,I only had the game for the past few years now and i have a bad computer so i cant play the game any ways 10/11111111
76561198001151065,Not Recommended,280790,28998362,Posted: 3 January,all,Panda Cheeks,"First off, I will say that this is a fantastic game. I've been playing since before it went free-to-play, and I can say the gameplay is solid, the terrain generation is stunning, and there lots of fun toys and decorative blocks to play around with. They've continued to consistently add content to this game making it better and better. However, I cannot currently recommend this game.There are several issues that severely impact the quality of the game.-First and foremost are the lighting bugs that have gone unaddressed for over a year. When too many lighting objects are in an area, they start behaving strangely. Some kind of algorithm causes them to cease producing light even though they are lit. This makes creating large interiors or nightscapes massively difficult and also makes creature spawns incredibly problematic.-Liquids do not behave properly. Erasing a source block is nearly impossible the way that liquid generates, movement within water is unnecessarily difficult, and liquids often flow in nonsensical patterns.-There are various issues with targeting occlusion, with various interactive objects being prioritized in an inappropriate matter, such as signs being selected when you're looking at a chest, or not being able to remove doors or fans or pressure plates. Additionally, the targeting glitches can cause you to inadvertently place static blocks over interactive objects, effectively deleting the interactive object. When the static block is removed, an ""Empty Block"" remains in place, irrevocably occupying that space.-The scarcity of certain materials is absolutely nonsensical. Once you have the proper equipment, finding diamonds and lumite (the highest tier materials) is absolutely trivial, while finding even meager amounts of iron requires hours of mining.A lot of these issues would be forgivable if not for the fact that they've existed for quite some time, and while the consistent delivery of new content is appreciated, the continuance of these issues is exasperating."
76561198315825089,Recommended,280790,29647648,Posted: 2 February,all,Knewleed TR,"This Game Good But Need ""Offline"" Mode Or ""SinglePlayer"" You Know Minecraft Have SinglePlayer This Game Need To Good Game So Much Easy Finish Game -_- This Game Just "" For Builders"" Or  "" Creativity Gamers"" And "" Creativity Buişders"" Why ? ı Buyed Pro Just More SETTİNGS İts Good But Pro World ?  Need Something More "" New Planets"" Game Needs Planets But Pros Can Have More Planets Or More Better Than Normal Planets And Enemies Just "" KİLL ME FOR İTEMSSS""  Pets"" JUST TAME ME THEY CAN SEE HOW YOU STRONG "" Whyyy ?"
76561198057237129,Recommended,280790,18456854,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,[R]aizo™,Good Game
76561197988244244,Recommended,280790,18554875,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,waynewedge,"Absolutely Wonderful!If I made a list of all of my dream wishes that the makers of minecraft would finally get around to adding to the game, it would still not be as good as Creativerse.WOW!Many many more monsters.Fantastic variety of high quality textures.Excellent progression system of mining, weapons, armor, etc.Wonderful animations for mining!Cool Biomes!I bought the game right away!My only complaint is that I understand my world is stored on their server. Not Cool. I would like to play offline and my concern is that the game could become unplayable if their servers get loaded or shutdown at some point."
,Recommended,280790,18557186,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Stelar Gaming,Love the blueprints and the fact that it helps you build the house you want!!!! Sooo recommended!
76561198151958144,Recommended,280790,24805708,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Flowsilver,"Creativerse shares the sandbox genre with Minecraft.Most people will say it's a clone. I say let them. To each their own,right?Pros:- My potato pc can run the game just fine.- The graphics are really nice.- Updates about every 3 weeks.- Talkative devs who listen to the community.- Nice variety of blocks.Cons:- Servers are online only,which some people will probably dislike. I don't.Some players need to understand the difference between some things like F2P,P2P,P2W - and the recently added Creativerse Pro (which is a one-time price of 19€ or something,that allows for extra features that are,by most players,described as Pay to Win.)It contains the ability to make more than 1 world,a glider,a flashlight,additional world options,2x stamina and probably more stuff I can't remember.Do you like the genre? Try the game for yourself then. Enjoy!"
76561198055846511,Recommended,280790,29886639,Posted: 12 February,all,Doctor Wurm PHD.,"Picking up this game, I thought that the mining animation could use a little love, but about 30 mins into it, I had managed to make a crafting station, a roof made of leaves, and then subsequently lit the roof on fire with the moss torches I placed inside my house for ambience. Thankfully, the walls, made of wood mind you, stayed strong. It was an exciting turn of events, I I enjoyed playing it. Might even get the full version if that happens to go on sale, but I am cheap."
76561198245148246,Recommended,280790,29881634,Posted: 12 February,all,mkanana22,"This game is very engaging. I really love the look and sound of this game.  I can easily play this for hours without noticing. I think it is worth upgrading to the pro DLC, but you can still have a lot of fun without the DLC. I like that the devs are active and respond to the feedback of the community."
76561198047403921,Recommended,280790,18459479,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,RageTornado,"I logged in and what immediately grabbed my attention was the very detailed hand of my character with his glowing wrist contraption, which allow you as the player character to manipulate the world ala minecraft, left click for pulling blocks, removing them and placing them in your inventory, right click for placing. The game highlights block you are focusing on so it you won't make mistakes.The games main menu and interface are very sleek, and from the looks of it all you need is the name of a world to hop in and play with your friends, all hosted with Creativerse, no extra time and money and frustration out of your pocket trying to make your own server or be forced to live with the rules of another. Top notch. There is an ingame story that sells builds, that you furnish with your own blocks, sort of a graphical blueprint if you will, and very detailed block recipes. The game is cheap, and just like Trove I don't find the items for sale to be game breaking. Similarly wondrous looking blocks are available to build ingame, use the shop as you see fit.You spawn with a platform that sets your spawn, and allows you to teleport to it by simply pressing T. It appears you can teleport to  other players ""Touchstones"", there were slots in the menu that comes up but I have yet to test this feature. Upon death all of your inventory items are placed in an urn, and giant white beam of light shoots high in the sky from its location and on the minimap a skull is placed so that you can find your body easily, if not get back to it easily. This feature alone will save me from rage-quitting like I did with Minecraft for weeks at a time after dying to laval in Hardcore with diamonds or some nonsense.The graphics are very well done, think HD block pack, very smooth, water needs some work, but it overall fits the theme and looks very fluid unlike default Minecraft liquids. The crafting is varied and unique, needing multiple stations to craft at like Minecraft. Instead of mining all ore by hand with a pick you use your hand device and upgrade it with chips, without the need to carry an axe, pick and shovel. For the progression ores you use extractors which essentially is a device you place on the ore, it then breaks the block down into ore, the amount dependent on the level of extractor used. Currently as I am working with obsidian, its 5 minutes per block. This is a nice change of pace from just clicking and clicking, it gives you a chance to step back and explore a bit while the ore is being extracted.TL:DR - If you like Minecraft, STOP AND BUY THIS NOW!"
76561198067121983,Recommended,280790,18459946,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Electro Master,it' ok. look like minecraft.review 7.5/10 pointbutlag sometimes
,Recommended,280790,18538663,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,DaLoganator500,"This game is amazing along with the enemys, the crafting, and the survival. I have been playing this for a while now, and its great. I think everyone should try this game out."
,Recommended,280790,18556384,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Atrixia,"I absolutely love this game. There is so much to do, unlock and explore. I have logged almost 18 hours into the game and I just keep wanting to play more. I must say though, there are a couple bugs and there isn't really any tutorial so I had to look up a lot of ways to do things. I don't mind though :D It's so much fun and has gorgeous graphics"
,Recommended,280790,23505808,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,LittleJayBerry,I played for good day. Love the game.. better than Minecraft.
76561198074910068,Recommended,280790,21324236,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,pan4gatz,nice game but i paid and now it is free...
76561198142377356,Recommended,280790,19203631,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Fellowsiren,it is a very nice game but i spent 20 $ on it i wish i would have waited to buy it its a bit lagy last time i checked reminds me of Minecraft but over all still a good game
76561198283987894,Recommended,280790,29974598,Posted: 16 February,all,Triple/S\games,"I like it, it reminds me of minecraft and overwatch.  I wish i was good at it though.would buy if i was good"
76561198045205980,Recommended,280790,28604815,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,everon1982,"Minecraft may have started the craze, but creativerse perfected it!  Love this game so much.  Beautiful and fun.  Poured so much time into this game."
,Recommended,280790,30011292,Posted: 18 February,all,JPG UK,"0.9 Hours PlayedSo my first impression, it is very hard to get to know the game but the graphics are really good and detailed! Very much like a free Minecraft"
,Recommended,280790,19709026,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Cheerilee,game is bit better i will see
,Recommended,280790,30067259,Posted: 20 February,all,Dragon Lizard,Good Game
76561198198248935,Recommended,280790,30076712,Posted: 21 February,all,mrobinson,Amazing!
,Recommended,280790,29549120,Posted: 28 January,all,Sane-sensei,"Creativerse is simple, relaxing and nice game, but reminds me too much about Minecraft. With friends it might be a little more enjoyable, but for me this game didn't give that much. I still recommend it for those who enjoy this type of games. Game is still Early Acces so I might try it again when it's fully done. 5/10"
,Recommended,280790,25558749,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,WAM.Bluealaskan,"Im not happy because I bought this game when it was not free, clearly because I ""bought"" it. Now it is free and wants me to buy a pro account. Wtf is this crap, the devs should give the pro account to those who paid for the game before it was free. Still a fun game and would recommend to just about anyone of any age."
,Recommended,280790,25762805,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,GC⌁Enka,"If you cannot be bothered reading my wall of text then let me start off by saying you cannot go wrong with this title. Why you ask? Because it is free to play.Normally I avoid F2P titles. with an exception here and there, but I actually bought this game when it was still for sale. Something about it just spoke to me and after reading up on the way they would implement the payment model and other features I didn't see a reason not to give it a shot, especially since you would get your money's worth back in the form of ingame coins. It didn't disappoint.The shop in no way impairs your enjoyment of this game, unless you can't help yourself needing all possible blocks and items available ingame, which are about aesthetics anyway.Setting up a world is easy; there is no need to rent servers. You just create your world, choose your world settings in order to customize how far you want to protect it and it's content and you're good to go. For me personally this is very important, because I usually only have a couple of hours a week to game and this means I don't have to worry about having to pay for something I'm not using or that people will mess with my stuff. When I get back everything is just waiting for me, right how I left it, ready to be picked up where I left off.Now I have to make the nearly unavoidable comparison to Minecraft, but only because titles like Minecraft, Mario, World of Warcraft, while certainly not the first of their kind conceptually, were the first of their kind that did what they set out to do very well and therefore set the bar for games to come.So how does this compare to Minecraft? The biggest difference is in the way the game looks and feels. Minecraft feels like a literal sandbox or a very elaborate tech-demo, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but really getting immersed into it requires, atleast in my case, a significant amount of imagination (and trust me, I normally do not lack imagination) Especially since it isn't the prettiest of games, even with modding. Creativerse has this adventurous, crisp, slightly cartoony feel to it that is very reminiscient of Zelda enviroment wise. Honestly the screenshots below the game do not do it justice. The music changes dynamically with the change of settings, as in most games these days, but really help to set the right mood down. In most games I find myself turning off the music, because it gets repetitive and bland, but so far I haven't felt the need in this game. Actually I lie; I did turn it down once, but I found myself actually missing it. Ofcourse creativerse features alot of mechanics that are very well known in this genre, but that is because they form the staple for these kind of games. But the things it does differently are features I really missed in similar titles. The fact you can claim your stake on the map once you reach the prerequisites. The neat blueprint system (I was pleasantly suprised to see it become free) is something I see becoming a staple feature for these types of games, especially if they will make it possible to save your own designs through custom blueprints. Not to mention teleporters and other subtle mechanics which are really just things you should experience. All in all I find the whole experience much smoother and immersive than similar titles.The community is great; there are some really helpful guides out there and if those don't help you out some kind members on the forums will. The devs are dedicated and listen well. Just about every patch introduced features and changes that I feel were very desired by the community.It is hard to complain. I could mention some features that would be really great to have, like electronics and more ways to automate and cultivate so you can at some point automate all the tedious chores and focus on bigger things, but seeing the devs work as hard as they are I feel it will only be a matter of time before they are implemented. It only gives you something to look forward to in an already very enjoyable game. If I do have to mention some gripes it would be that I would love to see some more items in the shop. This is a rare F2P title I actually would like to support through the ocassional purchase and right now the offering is a little meager. Then again I have a feeling it has to do witht he devs focusing on more important content. The one related fear I currently have is that they will offer items that will only be available once and then never again. Smite does this with skins and instead of making me want to spend more money I notice it only puts me off. I don't mind spending a little money for a little frivolity, but missing out on something because you happen to be away when the offer is up and  to come back to see that you missed out forever is plain annoying. I can imagine some items only being available sporatically or only once you reach a certain level of veterancy, but knowing that you will be able to get it some point in the future is comforting.A minor issue I have been having recently is that at some point my FPS starts to drop and my game is getting a little jittery and laggy eventhough my game is quite capable of running it. Perhaps it is patch related, because it always ran smoothly before and I did not have this issue until recently. It is something I still need to look into. But again; if it is a general issue I'm sure the devs are on it.To wrap this up: set your prejudice aside. No, it is not Minecraft. Yes, it is similar. But it isn't always about doing something new, but rather about doing something well. And creativerse does what it does well."
76561198133886992,Recommended,280790,29787565,Posted: 8 February,all,Diablo,creative game
76561198239407796,Recommended,280790,30088937,Posted: 21 February,all,milankozak30,142 25 53q ret4rthyr5rt5h
76561198263236500,Recommended,280790,30015914,Posted: 18 February,all,masterkiller2008,mega cool but i want a promocode ok pls
,Recommended,280790,29550701,Posted: 28 January,all,YodaTheBuilder,It is good but you should add creative mode too explore what you can do
76561198020762844,Recommended,280790,29962985,Posted: 16 February,all,stevem3bii,you say it free its not comply free it limited as have to pay for pro it wrong i loved this game and as disabled and  cant afford it
76561198130032073,Recommended,280790,30157678,Posted: 24 February,all,rbmeonline,it is cool but you have to buy pro to look cool
,Recommended,280790,29953918,Posted: 15 February,all,UnluckyLeader,"This game is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ The thing only runs on a single core though, so it can get really laggy at times. I have an i7 3930k @ 4.5 and a 1080 FTW and I get ~40FPS most of the time. The game is like a good version of Minecraft and I love it."
,Recommended,280790,29645106,Posted: 2 February,all,{psychedelic}musiclover{420},Fun game with lots of potential. I only just started checking it out and haven't gotten to far but one issue keeps bothering me. FIX THE FULLSCREEN.... Maybe it is just me but when I am fighting fullscreen the screen suddenly reverts to windowed mode and as I click to attack it starts dragging the window around... This keeps happening pretty much every time I fight making it really hard if not impossible to kill anything that fights back much.I have never had this happen with any other games so I assume it is something about the fullscreen mode.
76561198336019225,Recommended,280790,29512157,Posted: 26 January,all,AwesomeSauce,"Great game, i love it. however, as great as the mechanics are, the item description is a bit irritating, as most of them do not accuratly, if at all, describe the function of cvertain usable items. because of the recent update introducing the loot and mob spawners, i have lost days worth of gameplay by loosing all my obsidian. the loot spawner puts the items you put in it into a container that cannot be built, only found. the decription did not say what it did at all. thinkingit made chests that i could put things in for free, i put all my obsiian in one due to the overflow i had. i came back a few hours later to find tha the chest along with all my obsidian had vanished. this is extremely frustrating and i would suggest putting better descriptions of items with particular functions that require explaining."
76561198013776899,Recommended,280790,29543526,Posted: 28 January,all,Kevers,This game is actually pretty fun dispite the fact that its basically a copy of minecraft.
76561198345024673,Recommended,280790,30062530,Posted: 20 February,all,PooAnus,Make a Offline Mode plz.
76561197971295913,Recommended,280790,29710728,Posted: 4 February,all,Snowy,"i like the old day of this game it was fun but NOW IT PAY TO PLAY IT NOT FREE AT ALL, PUT BACK THE ALL THE WORLD SETTING HOW YOU CAN MAKE A MANY WORLD AS YOU CAN, but i like the way how you can make you world automatic with the wiring tool still fun to play"
,Recommended,280790,29989762,Posted: 17 February,all,[RocRev] DreamCrusher,can u please add breed able petsand attack petsand also please add wolve pleaseother than that awesome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198275426541,Recommended,280790,30083375,Posted: 21 February,all,Little_Vamp,ich mag es nicht das es auf englisch ist
,Recommended,280790,12079973,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mr. Dambit,best minecraft clone ive ever played.
76561198175647361,Not Recommended,280790,15720652,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jetshelp18,It won't let me make a world
,Recommended,280790,13431619,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,+Very nice Minecraft clone focused on adventure and building.+It's basicly a Minecraft version with nicer graphics.+No more messing around with hosting servers.+Public or private worlds where friends can join even if you are not online.
76561198084809634,Recommended,280790,13725728,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Pam,"The best way to describe this game, is that it is a minecraft clone with a furturistic twict and better graphics - especially with charactors and thinsg that can benefit by being less blocky.  The fact that tools (such as processors, forges and work tables) are animated really adds to the futuristic feel, for me at least.  I like how the monsters work, and the animals too.  This is alpha and there is a great deal with the recipes already in game and the building and exploring to do.  If it continues to progress it has an admirable future and I am looking forward to seeing what will be coming in more updates"
76561198118845778,Not Recommended,280790,31848140,Posted: 19 May,all,_PINEAPPLE_,i bought game for 20 dorrar. game is now free. dlc for 20 dorrar is available. i dont get dlc for free even though i paid 20 dorrar. bad game.
,Recommended,280790,13996038,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Warkaizer,"ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES!TRIED MY BEST NOT TO USE THE TELEPORT AND I ONLY GOT LOST AROUND ALWAYS!Deep crafting, deep caves, big world, BIG POTENTIAL!I would recommend it to anywone who likes adventure.Unlike other games in ALPHA states which is surrounded with bugs. This game doesnt even look like ALPHA. Community always work hand in hand with the DEVS and they discuss it to us too.For people compalining and giving it a NO because of bug issues. They really dont get it do they? Its ALPHA it always have bugs. Stop whining like a little b*tch and help them out. Thats the point of early access.Once again, this game a full of potential. Can't wait for future updates!We all know it is a minecraft clone. What can you do? This game is gonna get better than Minecraft anyways. Wait till you see."
76561197999882861,Not Recommended,280790,31887946,Posted: 21 May,all,Nightchills,"Thumbs up on the game its self, it’s a good game if you can look past the online all the time BS. Even in a privet game you WILL suffer stuttering and lag. I have been playing for a while now have spent close to 100 hours in game there have been some rough spots in the past but form the most past the game is fully functional at this point. The game its self can be rather boing though there isn’t much challenge with combat and once you reach the chaos level (the lowest area zone) there isn’t much do besides grind mats to build stuff.The main reason I thumbed this down is due to the misleading in store purchases that still after many many complaints on the forums have yet to be fixed. If you buy something in the store yes you get the recipes and the blocks what they don’t tell you is the only thing that transfers to a new server are the recipes and you can’t reclaim the blocks so if you ever want to start a new game the other ½ of your purchase is wasted. Also take in to consideration the video for the game shows the glider in the game play what they don’t tell you upfront is that if you don’t shell out $20 bucks you’re not getting it.I don’t like being misled and some people will point out this is all explained on the “Wiki” page. Sorry but I don’t feel I should have to go to a wiki page to see that my purchase in there store is “really” only the recipes and the so called free blocks are for that server ONLY. Being upfront about how your store works isn’t too much to ask. Fix this issue and the thumb might swing up."
76561198072888211,Not Recommended,280790,18631080,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,revmaillet,"This review is why I am unhappy with the game...I bought this because I like games like Minecraft, Craft the World, Terraria, Starbound etc. There is no single player therefore I am reliant on my internet connection to work or be available. The unlocking crafting system wont let you skip tiers so you have to craft everything before you can get to where you want. Some of the supplies you need for the crafting are so hard to find you have to tear your world up before you can find them ie brown mushrooms or glowing mushrooms. I personally like to keep my world orderly and beautiful and tearing up the terrain because I am desperate for supplies drives me nuts trying to fix it. I would rather buy the game and then do dlc for the building packs so I can play offline instead of ingame microtransactions.  The reliance on online gaming sucks because in my area the internet comes and goes with bad weather so I have to rely on games that I can play offline or multiplayer where I can host the game and let my friends join me. I wont be reccommending this game to my friends because most if not all of them are in the same position internet wise as I am."
76561198042206217,Not Recommended,280790,15487868,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,cloud_liu1981,"Minning durability goes down too fast , since they need rare item to craft it's inconvenience.  Make it easier to craft or  change it to dont  have  durability at all or change it to  a rechargeable"
,Not Recommended,280790,16482410,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,& Knuckles,"No Offline Mode for an Early Access, copy-paste business model. I live in an area of limited internet connectivity, and latency hurts my ability to play. Feels like the 'authentication' is similar to SimCity's setup, and don't think it's a great investment to lock content behind pay-walls, while still declaring plans to be ""Free-to-Play""..."
76561198179017187,Recommended,280790,17758785,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,General Cooper,Best game its better than minecraft and has a tast of terrira in it which i love 12 out of 10  ign approves
,Not Recommended,280790,33705132,Posted: 21 July,all,Fluffy The_Vicious_SpaceDog,"Look, i'm giving this a 4/10 simply because I was really driven away from it when the Devs made it free to play and incorperated a premium currency that you have to pay real money for. Now don't get me wrong it's a fun game that has alot of potential but i just hate that such a good game got microtransactions incorperated into it."
,Not Recommended,280790,31469304,Posted: 30 April,all,Dukpep,Used the credits I got with the pro version to purchase a temple blueprint.  Ended up getting 63% of the materials needed to build the temple and a bunch of random parts (like 75 extra stairs.)Play the free version for a few hours and then move on.
76561198347496125,Recommended,280790,29605851,Posted: 31 January,all,Lort pik,im gay
,Recommended,280790,14062823,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,VaporShark,"I have been playing Minecraft off and on for years. When I heard that Microsoft had aquired Minecraft I knew what would happen to it. Mass marketing, every platform, t-shirt and coffee mug. Unfortunately what happens to games like that is they are crushed under the weight of all that marketing. Over saturated, never improved... they die. I was really glad to see a game come along that has some heart. I look forward to every update now, i'm hooked. Thanks for your efforts Dev team!"
76561198081649432,Not Recommended,280790,18620639,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,XyLe,"Another attempt at ripping off a very well known game but this one works horrible with constant lags coz you can't create a local game ROFL, there's no farming, there's only grinding which is boring.Fights are made awfully bad, you can barely sometimes feel the range of your enemies attacks, horrible response in fights overall.The developers clearly don't understand how to make an interesting game giving you no goal, the necessity to grind all the time, and making it boring and pointless to progress through the game. Yeah, you can build a house or a fort, and then what?I regret supporting this game in alpha, i thought it had more potential and i'd hoped it was gonna be getting better and better gameplay-wise. I was wrong."
,Recommended,280790,16471469,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gloria,I loveeeee this game! In my opinion it's much better than Minecraft. I really do recommend this game!
76561198099899188,Recommended,280790,16521941,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fenrinos,this is a very fun game in my opiniun great art style and awesome musici just hope they will have workshop for it
,Not Recommended,280790,16801022,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Legendary Toast,"This game sucks blocks. Literally, that's 60% of all you do in the game.This game has potential to be something new and unique but in it's current state I'd much rather just play Minecraft instead."
76561198071948874,Not Recommended,280790,18493177,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Flankingpawn,atm the game lags to much for me to even play anymore. but they added alot of stuff . which is nice ...  i was unhappy to see they have very little options for video settings or anything else in game. that NEEDS to change asap. i can no longer play it as for some reason after update it auto asigned the game to my top most of three monitors.  there is no option for changing monitors or even to go window mode and drag and drop it and resize it ... you can window mode and kind of drag and drop = game crash . no way to resize window after going windowed mode either. other then that issue which breaks the game for me until they add the options to change this the game has some great things ahead of it. but as the game is broken for me its a thumbs down till fixed.
76561198067838547,Not Recommended,280790,29806593,Posted: 9 February,all,libnrob,"I like this game, I really do.  I was an avid fan of MineCraft and this is just different enough that it doesn't feel like MineCraft, but unfortunetly I can't recommend this game in its current state.  It has a major bug (that is on the radar now but not fixed and no ETA on a fix) that literally makes the worlds not load.  I had this happen on my home PC and after a few weeks it corrected itself, now I have it happening on another machine.  I have gone back and forth with support and they have recognized that it is an issue on their end but that they do not have an ETA for a fix.  Having upgraded to Pro and spent quite a bit of money in game to get almost all of the content, this is a huge let down for me.  I would not recommend this game until this major issue is resolved."
76561198048633026,Recommended,280790,18452440,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,fredabrk39,So far this game rocks..I had no idea that when it gets dark those animals that are so friendly and don't bother you come after you lol..I had a hard time finding some of the stuff needed to make stuff but other then that i'm having a good time. I'm thinking this is a keeper.
76561198009380626,Recommended,280790,18205435,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,usmcsax81,I have almost 70 games and this is about the only one that I ever play!
,Recommended,280790,18215400,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Die Screaming,"Game is pretty cool, total minecraft clone though, gets boring really fast but if its a minecraft clone your looking for with better graphics, this is for you."
76561198036656661,Recommended,280790,33183073,Posted: 3 July,all,dockcalm,This game is a hell of alot better than that other game. It has superior graphics and it's free. Don't waste your time or money  on that other game.
76561198278216461,Recommended,280790,29581823,Posted: 30 January,all,JNthegamer,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,280790,29620487,Posted: 31 January,all,ninjaGamer05,good game
,Recommended,280790,17803800,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shit the bed,A solid experience from some passionate developers.
76561198022890794,Recommended,280790,15827378,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CleansweepDK,At first it is an awesome game but after a few patches it got bad i think and they have no way to reset your research so you can start over from scratch again like you do in minecraft... so basicly every time you start a new world you know everything there is to know... really funny eh?Ok Time to edit this post =) i now think this game is ok to buy it has replayability now after they added the option to start a world with no known research =)
,Recommended,280790,16604296,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MiCo12,Creativerse is one of the games that sparks the creativity of all gamers who play it or it cna also spark the survival instincts of the player. its a great game so if you guys are reading this review to find out if its worth it its worth it it super duper worth it
,Not Recommended,280790,29433779,Posted: 22 January,all,xwolfian,"""Ay yo Mojang, can I copy your homework?""""Sure Playful, just change it up a bit so it's not obvious."""
76561198117936532,Not Recommended,280790,25915105,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bowser1810,"Seriously??? I bought the game early, and it sucked. I waited untill realease, and now its pretty good. Oh wait? Theres a pro package that i DONT EVEN GET! I bought your crappy game early, and now its free. You have,y $20 and you dont give pre-order people pro? This is garbage"
76561198353011817,Recommended,280790,29659777,Posted: 2 February,all,jaxymus360,its good and fun jkjkjkjkjkjkhakhdkuehsbdjxhd jhujbh vh cdnb bdhnb xdbnsjnbvcbsjakjhxghjwiidfjvhbgfjeodifvugfsuck it njhbgv fcvhgujhgfcdxfghgf♥♥♥♥♥ejm
76561198048048796,Recommended,280790,23006865,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,kierankent,cool game
,Recommended,280790,25282489,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Incendiary,j
76561197980148899,Recommended,280790,30042511,Posted: 19 February,all,Keyboard Warrior,Its like skyrim with powergloves. 10/10 would enter Jesper's house again.
76561198067544448,Recommended,280790,18471951,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,yetihead90,"Have you ever wished you had a versioin of Minecraft with awesome graphics, more enemy types, more crafting recipies, no annoying♥♥♥♥♥hunger system, more block types, teleporters, and death spot markers? (I probably missed some others things, too). Well, this is your game.This is like crack for any human-being alive. Yes, it is as good as everyone says it is. Look up a public world, jump on and play with some goobs, steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥ whatever. You won't regret buying this mug before it goes f2p."
,Recommended,280790,22014331,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TooTavish,"Creativerse is a game where you hunt monsters, mine materials, and craft better equipment to repeat it all again at a higher teir. its fun gameplay and decent community make the game worth playing.Though it has its flaws, it is by far a great game with a lot going for it.7.5/10"
76561198034931413,Recommended,280790,23474684,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LotisHunter,"fun varitation of mincraft, if you can do mincraft this is ok"
76561198028621091,Recommended,280790,19018854,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,WOLF,"Love the game, its like minecraft on speed and crack"
76561198331513860,Recommended,280790,29426683,Posted: 22 January,all,HowlingDawn Gamdom.com,Very Nice Game
76561198316939567,Recommended,280790,29400929,Posted: 21 January,all,mo,its like minecraft on a nother planet
,Recommended,280790,25398414,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nebulas Prime,"Great game to play if have nothing much to. Controls are confusing at first but once learned its easy to play. The confusing controls kind of made it fun to play as it makes you think as you create, battle and tame. Just wish they add a new creature to the game but this still a early access game so it is forgivable. This game is also great to play with others if you are into co-op. The only problem I have is the price for the pro for those who never been with the verse for long. Sadly' it's another understandable thing as they need find funds to continue working. Hopefully the price will be knocked down to where it will be cheaper while it still fund the company."
76561198038859789,Recommended,280790,25782853,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Scarletheart,"Today, 10 am:I am building inside my church, when I hear noises from the roof..... A rockster decided to spawn up there and cant get down anymore :DSeriously, this game is awesome. I think i have played my fare share of it in order to judge it. Even if players do not want to hear the comparison to minecraft, but this game is like minecraft, with many awesome shaders and does everything better than minecraft did. No more strip-mining! It also has a lot more features, different monsters and you can put on cute flies and hats on your tamed monsters :DI also very much like the blueprints. It lets you fill your world when you do not have any new building ideas. With the claiming features it is also easy and safe to play together with other players.Therefore, even if it is for free, definitely consider buying the pro version, it makes this very good game a near perfect game.Why near perfect? It is still early access, which means it is still missing some features and from time to time has some (partly funny) bugs. But they are VERY active in their dicussion sector and really listen to their players. New updates come every two - three weeks.This game is on a steep path up to the best games I have ever played!"
76561198101652734,Recommended,280790,25576407,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
,Recommended,280790,14267389,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ratmat,doesnt crash ur internet anymore
76561198191172775,Recommended,280790,17129595,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,theamazeinggamer,this game is realy fun a little on the crepy side with the wind and music dut fun
76561198103813301,Recommended,280790,16704239,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Little_ Pappa,love this game so much but i would love it even more if they added an offline mode                                                                                                         please add this
,Recommended,280790,29485390,Posted: 25 January,all,i smoke whales,this made me buy minecraft because even thought it sucked it was still fun
,Recommended,280790,30080007,Posted: 21 February,all,link1s,crashing steam
,Recommended,280790,34380543,Posted: 20 August,all,Malivaso,"Creativerse is great and all, But getting banned from the discussions SUCKED I dont even know WHY i was banned from it!Since i was banned it would loose 3 stars, And people who have bad computers -1 star.But people who have good computers (like me) can rate this a Thumbs up (No stars given from this)-4 stars (6/10)"
76561198101356093,Recommended,280790,30054735,Posted: 20 February,all,Deathpop5,"Great gameBut needs more updatesIdeas for future updatesFence options including not conecting to other blocksPerhaps a tool that expands the option avaible on blocks (the rotation). It could also go will with my suggestion aboveSome sought of transporting system (rails, trains)Camoflage blocks (eg. one way glass) could be tied in with building tool^^^Pistons or something alike to allow for hidden doors and trapsRanged weponsAutomated mining/quarry (similar to MC Buildcraft) To balance it out they could be slow/unable to gather ores/ hard to maintainAutomated farmingA piping system or other object transportation  (similar to MC Tekkit)Trading options that allow you to transfer an object/tool/resource to another player without having to be next to themChest options-searching chests-other players being able to place objects in someone else's chestA soughting systemCamoflage amour that makes you undetectable by mobsPets help you in battle and can die in battleVillagesThank you"
76561198288897199,Recommended,280790,29799430,Posted: 9 February,all,Nasi Putih,remind me minecraft
,Recommended,280790,30245360,Posted: 28 February,all,Eradication™,"Was playing this game, friend went invisible on my screen so i figured to relog and now i cant connect, yet they are still playing"
76561197961776456,Not Recommended,280790,29791164,Posted: 8 February,all,Killingspree0427,"One you should at least be able to make multiple worlds without paying Also allow some options like ""no pvp"" I get you want money but to be stingy jeez"
,Not Recommended,280790,29833819,Posted: 10 February,all,Mario's Mushroom,"Personally I am not interested in this game. Not that interesting compared with Minecraft and not that many monsters at night, although the graphics seems good.Why there's a ""71hrs Left"" notice on top of my screen in the game interface? Is it a trial version?"
,Recommended,280790,29927461,Posted: 14 February,all,doodlerbot,although its a rip-off of minecraft still good i give it a 6/10
76561198073579966,Recommended,280790,30126695,Posted: 23 February,all,Chaos Master,have problem my world can help me?
,Not Recommended,280790,30028557,Posted: 19 February,all,DrYoshiyahu,"I desperately wanted to enjoy this game. I've always loved exploration/base-building games, and I was excited to try this one, after hearing good things about it. But I was severly let down.Without local play, I was forced onto a server across an ocean, so despite the fact that I was playing a single-player game, on my own, not only could I not play the game if my internet was down, but even when my internet was up, I had a severly laggy connection.I thought ""that's okay, I'll try one of the other servers"", but no, you can't change the server of your own world, and you can't start a second server without paying money.I thought I could put up with the lag and play the game any way, but there are clearly severe optimisation issues. Despite the fact that my PC can run any AAA title on max settings, I lost frames just scrolling through the crafting menu.Between the abysmal support for anyone who isn't in Europe, North America, or Asia, and the atrocious frame dropping, this game has a long way to go before I would ever recommend it."
,Recommended,280790,30615163,Posted: 19 March,all,•̶๖̶̶̶ۣۣۜۜ͜ζ͜͡C>,"I bought this game for $19.99 when it wasn't free, can I get a refund? The game is very good as well, I do recommend, it has the minecraft vibe while keeping it's own awesome spin and individuality."
,Recommended,280790,11762460,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Darknewt,"Before you say ""another Minecraft clone"" read this.This game is truly great. In its early alpha stages I have had quite a bit of fun and saw more uniqueness to just pass it over as just a clone.Pros:- Progressive Crafting System ( my favorite crafting system so far in one of these games )- Unique Monster Combat ( Each monster you have to fight differently, learning its attacks )- Beautiful Graphics- Runs very smooth- Lots of things to discvoer & explore.- The devs ( theyve been interacting with the community to improve and change things )Cons:- A few graphical hiccups ( after destroying some blocks it may appear they are still their for a few seconds )- An ingame real money system ( not all that bad though, its not intrusive but you can pay to have things craft instantly )DetailIf the thought of an ingame real money currency system scares you away. Its not bad at all.  At first I felt I was walking into another clash of clans where I wasnt going to be able to get anything done without paying money. From what ive experienced if you dont pay money to ""instantly"" craft things, the wait time isnt long. ( 1 min 15 sec to craft 99 refined wooden blocks ) I just look at it as ""smelting"" everything in minecraft but a bit quicker.Also i have been doing DAILY videos of this game on my channel & id love for anyone reading to go there and see more of what I think on the game. I'l link you to my first episode.My videos are also posted daily in the community hubhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7gc0OepPi4"
,Recommended,280790,11699655,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,[DJF] Grombur,"I love voxel based block games like Minecraft, Fortresscraft, Cubeworld or Trove. With Creativerse comes a new addition to the Family. By simply looking at the screenshots all these games look basically similar. So what makes Creativerse stand out from the other titles?Graphics and Performance:Creativerse looks beautyful. The voxels are nicely textured, diverse in great numbers, the sunrise something to stare at all the time as is the night sky.Yet the game performs increddibly well even on my Toaster that was used to be a Laptop back in the days.With about two hours spent playing online i encountered no lag at all on the Playful-servers.Crafting:When it comes to crafting, Creativerse shines with a fresh aproach offering a simple entry, and opening itself up wide as the player progresses.Recipes unlock gradually as you gather new ressources whom you process into ingredients to craft more advanced tools, weapons, armor or potions.It's a pleasure to see your possibilities grow as you progress through the world.Fighting:There are different enemy types in Creativerse, each with their own special attacks that the player needs to learn and react accordingly. Everything from a power punch to blinding and inbetweet is there and makes fighting interesting and funny.Developer interaction:It pleases me to see, how the Devs interact with the playerbase. They are online every now and then answering questions and taking suggestions, in a way that you feel they really care for their game and the playerbase.Is it for you:If you like Minecraft you'll find yourself in a comfortable sandbox, offering enough features to get you hooked. If you're new to this type of game you now have a great opportunity to ""hop on the train"" especially if you don't own a credit card and want to make use of Steam's paying methods.Summary:Hence being in early alpha state, the game runs great and offers a solid feature set to entertain you for countless hours. Together with an overall friendly playerbase i highly recommend Creativerse!"
76561198128874228,Recommended,280790,13686902,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Maxpokemax,"I hope this game will be the new minecraft. has the game mechanics are very different and in my opinion the best. There are still things to be implemented, but for now it's a great game. I hope that the developers will not let incomplete."
76561197983323833,Recommended,280790,13188174,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,*COG* Salamander,"Creativerse is a very enjoyable crafting/exploring game that has dominated my recent game time since purchasing it not long ago. While it has obvious ties to Minecraft it is much more than a mindless clone and I highly recommend it.I want to start by specifically addressing the issue on the price and in-game store. The 20 dollars you pay now is for early access, the devs have repeatedly stressed that the game will be free-to-play at launch, and not only that but those of us that pay for early access will get free cash for the store anyway. The devs have also pulled the store for a rework since the community was unhappy with the pay to reduce crafting timers that was present and will be returning when it is reinstated. The store will not be pay-to-win or pay-to-play; it will be there for cosmetic and vanity items and not to directly give a player an advantage over others. The game is still in early access and while that does not forgive every issue, it does behoove one to not jump to conclusions against the business model when it’s in flux and the devs are already fixing it based on the community’s feedback, which is what early access is for!That aside the game has a lot going for it. The game world is blocky but the textures are attractive and the game has a specific ‘feel’ that I enjoy. The character you play (currently only a young white male but a female version is coming soon and there have been discussions of increasing diversity and more customization options in the future) and the enemies you fight are not themselves blocky but are rather of a cartoony nature. The animations and combat are smooth and dynamic although we could use some ranged weapons and the night needs to be more dangerous than it currently is. We could of course also use more creature variety but there are more beings on this planet than meets the eye of the initial arrival and most have special attacks that may surprise you.Exploration is rewarded by more than just finding a huge tree or a new mountain range or deep dark tunnels full of dangerous creatures, although those abound as well, there are chests that spawn all over the place that contain all kinds of things including new recipes to craft. The crafting often rewards rewards you by opening up new recipes and many new recipes are discussed on the community forums. I have opened up many cool new things to make and beyond building blocks, storage, crafting stations, and lighting, you have potions and bombs to create to deal with a variety of foes from benign to deadly, and there is also furniture, and of course armor and swords to make as well.The game is still in early access and the devs are improving the game based on their own ideas and those of the community who are involved heavily in the evolution of the game, which is of course what early access is for but some early access games don’t deliver at all and few are as responsive as what I’ve seen from Playful games.  I do agree with the abhorrence towards the in-game crafting timer reductions being purchased with real cash that some negative reviews have brought up and if they kept that model I would be aghast as much as anyone but the devs have shown a willingness to adjust and adapt and that issue has already been removed. There are of course some bugs and we need more biomes and more recipes that involve less-used resources, but Creativerse is already a worthy effort that I plan on playing for some time to come, give it a try and likely you will find a lot to love here."
,Recommended,280790,14076846,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Altre,"This is a fantastic open world survival game. I loved Minecraft back before the hunger system and most of the new features became a part of it. It felt simple. You mined your materials and built your place. I always had a problem with how hard it was to find resources, though, and not being able to retain significantly lengthy defense felt like it detracted from my experience.This game isn't close to being done, but I would advise anyone play it over Minecraft.The visuals are great. It has a combination of the voxel (block) world and 3d character models. The character that you play kind of feels like a blank slate at the moment, but not in a noticeably bad way. The creatures are cutesy at first, then become monsters at night. They can be a hassle while building as they'll sneak into your structure when you're in a menu and kill you.The progression feels right. Minecraft had that wrong, I believe. This actually has progression. You can only craft advanced items or decorative pieces after crafting the precursory items first. It just makes sense.Hopefully the game will get a weather system soon and more interactive blocks in nature. Otherwise, it has that same homey feeling some may have gotten playing Minecraft. You will invest hours into this game. I spend many days after work digging, building, and adventuring.Buy it or wait till it's free. If you don't buy it, put it on your wishlist and hopefully you'll remember to try it when it's free. You should totally buy it. Convince your friends to buy it, too."
,Recommended,280790,11718508,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Fladster,THIS GAME IS NOT MINECRAFT! It looks like minecraft in a high resolution texture pack BUT ITS NOT MINECRAFT. This game reminds me of my first time playing terraria because of all the stuff you can do in it. I have a youtube series on it so I recommend you check that out. Here is Ep.1https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvgI6hmdMkk&list=UUewolu8v8OARZxvpXZt7cuw
,Recommended,280790,11699502,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Addy,"The game has a lot of potential, and visually its really good-looking. The transition between day/night is fluid, gameplay runs smoothly and the ""sucking"" materials using the hand-device is actually pretty good. There is a lot of content added in the game thus far, which suprised me, considering the game hasnt been out for so long. Coding of this game seems to be really well-made, which is something you dont see every day at the early access page.I was worried about the fact that they plan on making the game free-to-play, and that there is(as of this moment) a market or a shop where you can purchase stuff using ""mojo"" which is an in-game currency that you acquire by purchasing it using real money. But there is no worries, because the stuff in the shop is nothing game-changing, there is no special buffs or weapons or anything. You only buy stuff like decors for the house, some cool-looking block-shapes etc.. basically nothing that makes the game unfair.I havent spent much time in the game yet, but from what i can tell there doesnt seem to be a ""hunger"" system just yet, although there is food in the game which you can eat and regain health after an injury. But what i would like to see is a hunger system which includes food/water/and or maybe cooking meat etc. much like minecraft/rust or any other type of survival game.The creatures in this game .. well.. lets just say that they can look really adorable and cute, but deadly as hell so beware. :)All in all the game has lots of potential, will it beat minecraft? that depends on the community, and the amount of people who play it. The game is simmilar to minecraft but still have a lot of differences. Overall its a fun and great-looking game which i would recommend for everyone who likes building stuff, crafting, exploring and surviving.Personally i hope they re-think their business-model regarding this game. Making it free-to-play is great and will hoard people, but then again some people might get scared away when they see the shop/ingame currency system."
,Recommended,280790,13260630,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Steakncheese,This game is not Minecraft. This game is a different world and a different engine. This game has a different feel and I know this game will be wild and insane with more and more updates. I highly recommend this as a replacement/upgrade for people who like to play games such as minecraft or starbound.
76561198100957875,Recommended,280790,15101811,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Holliyan101,Does this game makes you want to strip down naked and run in the street screaming star wars?I did
,Recommended,280790,14412919,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SassWhole,"Some might say that this is a similar game to Minecraft and they wouldn't be wrong, but it has it's differences.  The crafting is really fun! Once I figured out what to do, it was a breeze to find ingredients to begin my journey.  It's great that on the minimap it shows you where you previously die and also where the crafting station is.  The world is beautiful and rich with creatures of all sorts.  Night time is nerve racking, haha.  I'm so glad I bought this game!"
,Recommended,280790,11746031,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"This game is nice played with friends, had the chance to play it with a couple of mates and we had fun evolving and mining together, encountering stronger creatures, it still lacks of a need of some vehicles such as a glider, because there are many high spots, in any case i really want to see this game evolving well and getting popular online, guess it will overshadow minecraft when it goes free to play, hope they will add much more content, things like missions or tasks to complete, it would become very delightful indeed it if manages to evolve in that way. Let's hope for the best and give a look at it!Here's my first impression of the game, when i just bought it:""I'm just at my first 2 hours here in Creativerse but i notice that a part a few lags with the graphics at the beginning, (i got a midrange computer running in ""fantastic"" video setting), the game flows quite well; I'm hosting a server, at the moment no one is in so i'm in single player.I quite not like the choices taken in the  graphics compare to many other similar games, but it's polished and easy to understand, a very good quality of graphics indeed to be a free to play.What should i say? This game gets interesting when you start to unlock recipes and explore the world, the teleport makes it easy to find your route compare to many other games where you need to learn the map, the crafting is regular and not difficult to understand, the challenge is in the ingredients to find around the map. You can even unlock recipes by paying cash in the shop, but if you got a bit of patience you don't need that sort of attitude...Indeed this will be a very good game in free to play, quite a plain one if sold at 20 euros, with many other similar games avaiable out there for a cheaper price, but if you are willing to test this product and participate to the developement of it by suggesting ideas and reporting bugs you are welcome to pay, the devs are fast and disposable in answering."""
76561198068308224,Recommended,280790,13538644,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vietnam Veterinarian,"This game is great! Very fun and it has it's defferences from Minecraft. Mind you it is in Alpha so it's missing some things.Some things that this game needs is,1:Sleeping in beds2:Brighter torches3:able to change BrightnessBut they are working on it. This game is a must buy if you are into open world sandbox games similar to minecraft!"
,Not Recommended,280790,14307825,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,bluebooksky,After a few hours of play time I realized I had much more fun playing minecraft. I also did not realized that this game is going to be pay to win.ProsI love the skythe game is pretty you could build some pretty  pretty stuff.....or just mod minecraftthe wrist thingy is kinda coolwhen it is free kids who want to play minecraft but cant afford it can play this.layered cavesyour world is its own server easy to just play with friendsconkind of a minecraft ripoff not that its always a bad thing survivalcraft is a much game on my ipod than the minecraft app.the monsters are dorky.. and there are only a few shapescrafting takes forever...unless your willing to spend real cash.ore extractior ....it take time to craft then once you use it takes time to extract the ore ...... then it breakstried to build a roof I keep getting thrown in the air then fall to my death...... I was building a hut on a litte hill.monsters spawn inside my base.it does not feel like a survival no farming no hungerno redstone.if you have no internet you cant play even if its solo.Paid to win.....or at least to have the best stuff.Im 50/50 on the Potential of this game it could be great but it looks like its going to end up a paid to win money grab game.  I know its eary access but so is 7 days to die and I love 7 days to die even with its flaws. I sent 4 hours not haveing fun playing Creativerse and thats why I cant recommend this game.
,Recommended,280790,18044376,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Goddamn Windows98,"This is a great game, it's kinda like Minecraft, but better, harder, bigger, more and best of all NO JAVA or complicated server management needed. Build in permissions, really good / easy interface. This is by far one of the best Early Access games out there--if you like Minecraft of course."
,Recommended,280790,13937067,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Armitage,"I found the game to be enjoyable, and well worth the $20 it cost. I've gotten less play time out of triple A titles.The game itself is very polished and stable. The graphics engine is amazingly optimised, making the world a beautiful place to explore. The combat is simplistic, but still fun.It doesn't really stand out right now against the sea of current voxel based sandbox style games other than it looks very pretty in comparison to a lot of them.Reading the last handful of reviews confused me enormously. It's as if the ""reviewers"" were reviewing the wrong game or something.There's only 1 thing I can say that's negative about this game (even considering what I said about triple A titles above), and that is it longevity is short. My enthusiasm to play the game waned after building a house, setting up some processing machines, and exploring the corruption for a while.It needs more than the enticement of a few new building blocks to be discovered. Perhaps more tech, some automation systems for processing raw materials. More diversity to overwold biomes, more of a reason to explore the world, like ruins or dungeons.It is early access, and I think if the devs can continue to add more content, this could be a decent game. If you're not interested in supporting a game before it's ready for release, then you probably should wait for this to be free to play. Otherwise, I think it's a venture worth supporting with your $20."
,Recommended,280790,14052042,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,That_One_JoeyClaire,I recommend this game people say its a minecraft clone but its really not because you got that armband thing and different mobs better block although for me its a little laggy but i still recommend it
76561198091390965,Not Recommended,280790,30118594,Posted: 23 February,all,Bloozbee,"This game isn't bad enough for me to be angry at it. As a matter of fact, this being an unashamed Minecraft clone I had expected much worse, I'd downloaded it as a joke so I could invite my friends to play with me in a sarcastic tone. Then I launched it, and it occoured to me that this game had potential to be something entirely different. The enemy designs were interesting and dare I say, creative, the textures were well illustrated, and even a few of the sound effects caught me off guard in just how good they were. If this game stopped chasing the Minecraft bandwagon and instead had a more fluent setting, I could almost call it good. I guess what I'm saying is I saw the potential for a game with mechanics reminiscent of the survival horror game ""The Forest"" with graphical influences from Viva Pinata, and that would have been much cooler"
,Recommended,280790,11718752,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,MistovertheGreen,"[I am having problems editing this review; please forgive the repetitions later on.]As a fan of sandbox games, I recently found Creativerse on a bored afternoon search through Steam. It was the name of this game that first got my attention, as I absolutely LOVE games that allow the player's creativity to blossom. However, when I looked at videos and screenshots from the game, my first thought was, ""Minecraft. It's Minecraft dressed in a different title."" Skeptical, but nonetheless interested to see how this game might prove itself to be unique, I browsed Steam discussions and Youtube videos for gameplay summaries and opinions. Still unimpressed, the graphics being the only thing that stood out to me, I regressed to my search for other games. Eventually, however, my search proved unsuccessful, and the title of Creativerse succeeded in drawing me back to its game page. Instantly, in a rush of ""oh, what the heck"" impulse, I bought and began to play the game....I was impressed. And let me tell you something: Games don't easily impress me.If I were to tell you what specifically impressed me about Creativerse, it was a perfect combination of factors, all swiftly combining to transform this game into a profound, blissful experience:The BeautyI don't know about you, but I think beauty either makes or breaks a game. Make a game too ugly or dry, and I instantly turn away. Give a game such beauty and atmosphere as Creativerse, and you've got me. And I'll go ahead and say it: it's prettier than Minecraft. Much prettier. Textures are far smoother and more detailed. Gentle music layers softly over the sounds of robust wind, subtle thunder, trilling crickets, warbling birds, rustling leaves, and so on. The sounds even change depending where you are; I remember having climbed a tall mountain, only to hear at the peak the long moan of a nearby cave. At the right angle, the sun, gliding through a color-changing sky rich with clouds and galaxies, will actually extended a shining hand to you. I don't remember the floating yellow square in Minecraft ever doing that.In the daytime, the color of sunlight reflects the biome and location. Descend into a forested valley, and the light will glow a soft green; conquer a snowy peak, and it will be colorless and stale. At nighttime, the mob glows in parts a bioluminescent green; even though they're your enemies, you can't help but admire the way they light up a dark field.Complaints: There is no changing weather in Creativerse. The shadows are also much, much thicker, so you will need far more torches to light up a cave than in Minecraft.The FunctionThe functionality of concepts in Creativerse especially sets it apart from Minecraft.Mining: In Creativerse, you don't mine blocks; you absorb them by extending your hand and producing a ray of suction from your glove. And it's more logical this way, too--say, when you're absorbing a distant block: Mining something 12 feet away with a stubby little pickaxe doesn't make sense, but absorbing it does (in a Sci-Fi sort of way, even though logic in games is, for the most part, unnecessary--I mean, look at Mario and his diamond skull). What this also means is that you don't have to run down and collect a mined block piece that tumbled out of your reach; it already comes to you and settles neatly in your inventory.Recipes: No more looking on Wikipedia! Simple recipes are included in your menu. More complex ones come with the crafting tables, forges, and processors that you build, each of these utilities possessing its own theme of recipes (and did I mention that they glow?). You can easily craft something by obtaining its listed ingredients and dropping its recipe in a right-hand square. Then--voila! you're done!The mob: The Creativerse team was really creative with the mob. I'll leave it to you to discover what I'm talking about.Object descriptions: They're hilarious. Ever played the Sims? They're like that.C-mode: Press C, and you'll be able to move a little over a cliff's edge without falling. This is highly useful for adding a block to the side of one on which you are standing. [Edit: Smokey told me that this was in Minecraft, too.][Update: Beacons: When you die, a white beacon launches into the sky and alerts you to the presence of your death statue, which looks like a jar and which holds all of the items you had in your inventory when you died. Whatever you had at hand (for this there are 6 slots) remain with you after death. You can craft beacons of various colors and place them wherever you want in the world; however, after a certain distance, they cannot be seen.Teleporters: These are neat. Each player gets one and only one teleporter, and with it--one port crystal. Place the teleporter anywhere in the world and you can use your port crystal to reach it.World: The world is not endless, so no poetry about your existential woes, or I'll take that quill away from you! As you dig deeper into the earth, the game surprises you with more and more layers of mini-worlds; so far, I have seen 4. Again, I'll leave it to you to explore them.]Complaints: Microtransactions; lack of ability to fly (for this I suggested a jetpack); and some bugs that are surprisingly rare for such a young game (can't really complain about this, actually)The CommunityThe developers: As this game is still in its alpha state, the developers are spectacular about listening to your feedback and ideas for the game. They even check in on you while you are playing in one of the four public worlds and ask you in chat whether you need help or have something to say. Not to mention, they are friendly and prompt in their interactions with you and like to throw in a lot of humor.The players: I've made a lot of great friends here--they're exceedingly helpful, polite, sharing. Playing social is really the highlight of this game. Don't be afraid of being a newcomer; fellow players will most likely show you the ropes, unless they're rude or--*narrows eyes*--griefers.All in all, I highly recommend this game--even to the occasional or barely a gamer gamer. It's fun, beautiful, and the creative person's goldmine (heheh)... And a last word on the Minecraft comparison: Yes, I prefer Creativerse--by far."
76561198081743302,Recommended,280790,14570401,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,tigermike6161,I Have done about all I can. Made all the little bits well some I have left for later. The miner style game is always a lot of fun and this tkes Mining in to a age were you know its fun. for get the pick and make a bomb that will blow the bricks off the map. This makes mining worth it I have played well over 120 hour and each up date is creating new content. the world is vast and worth exploring. the enemys at first are a pain. upgreade you stuff and keep on kicking. for get the low light colors of most games find your self digging your way out of a mob fight that you think ya this if not going to take long tell 5 or 10 more show up. then you get done with them. and more keep on showing up then you are in the clear just to dig and fall in a pit of more fun. glowing little pains. I find more fun when you are looing for the blocks you need.The only bad that I have found is the lighting. put a torch down and it will miss lighting some of your house hold goods.Now on to the good. every thing. If you find you self in some down time and want to kill a few go for it. if you are looking to bing in a new house and make some great looking buildings this has the stuff you need. look its a fun game and if you have foud some of the top games to really suck well its true. look if you are willing to put 80 dollors in to a game they really dont care about the people that buy there games. not saying names. but should you finsh a story line in 5 hours and pay 80 dollors for it. im not a young gamer but i know that some games i had were days if not week to finish. now there is the sandbox games were you make the story. there is a under lining story to this game but you will have to get it to find out more. I like to looks the game play and movment is great I look forward to each new up day that always is given on friday or sat.  Worth the money less than Pizza. come on now
76561198011118610,Recommended,280790,14382019,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,craftz,"Very deep and creative game, one of the best EA games out there."
,Recommended,280790,14962319,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Therrad™,"I love this game, how the devs are friendly too!Pros:Good mechanicsFrequent updatesDoesn't take too much RAMLooks beautifull.Con:You must be online to make worlds, even if your not playing with others.Also, no this is not a rip-off of minecraft!"
,Recommended,280790,14890368,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mr. Timéstámp-é,"Updated review with R14 ""World V2""!New StuffNew biomes, enemies, blocks, and cave generation cancel out MOST of my complaints that I had previously... however, I still dislike the Caves even though they are much better then they were previously. There are also some other problems mentioned blow that I still have.Pros:*Great Grahpics: Sure, the voxel style is very popular and once could say that it is exhausted but it still looks great here. The circular models fit well with the bright and cartoony textures that are on ever block, really giving it it's own edge. The lighting is absolutley BEAUTIFUL with shadows and shaders that really don't harm preformance all that much.*Great Music: ALMOST on par with the original Minecraft soundtrack (Not that crappy techno stuff that it has turned into in Volume: Beta) Nice piano and guitar pieces that are brought together with a slight hint of electronic that is used well... I even downloaded the soundtrack, for FREE FROM THEM, and put it on my phone for easy listening!* Fantastic block variety! Once this that Minecraft lacks is the variety of blocks, sure it has gotten better, but I usually use a mod pack to extend the blocks on that game when I decide to use it. However, on this game there are block style packs which include from 5 to 10 blocks and all are craftable and used in the world!* Great enemy styles! Every enemy has its' own quirks and ways of fighting, from the crabs that build up a swirl attack and become invurnrable to the lava worm (I think that is what it is called) that spits out fire and burns you! Each enemy is unique and fun to fight. There are now many cool new mobs in R14, many new mob varities which allow for the same mobs that we all know and love, but at the same time it makes it unique to walk into a Savanah biome and seeing a ""Boss Hog"" the Savanah version of Pigsy.* Fun multiplayer. Just jumping into a friends world to see what they have done, or to look for ideas for buildings it really easy. You just click on the world and you instantly join in!* FANTASTIC COMMUNITY INTERACTION! A think lacking in most Early Access voxel games is that developers do not talk with their players and give updates well enough. However, Creativerse shows us what should be STANDARD for all EARLY ACCESS titles going into the future!Cons:* Not fun to expore even with the imrpoved biomes and caves. It Would be nice for some dungeons to really get that RPG feel that it is trying to get. And the cave systems still are bad, they have improoved. I have only run into a few caves in my extended amount of time playing and from what I have seen they are very small and do not go deep. I usually end up mining downwards to even get to a lower area. Even then the lower area is very easy to get to. Maybe expand the amount of blocks downward until the next underground biome and then actually make the cave systems fun to explore as in, more then just monster traps.* View distance. I look off into the distance and what do I see? Not land! I see just fog and not much land. The view distance, even when put at max, leaves the playstation 1 laughing. I do see this expanding in the future as this seems to be part of a weather system that is still a work in progress but I would like to see it expand, or at least not make the fog so dense!* Lack of musical variety. I do LOVE the music, however there isn't enough of it right now... there are only 10 tracks that play and most of them are area exclusive, meaning that you will only hear 1 or 2 tracks PER AREA! They will expand on this from what I have heard but that is still a problem.* Random chests everywhere. Sure, I do like finding a chest to get items, but having them spawn constantly in places where you may have built is irritating. I remember I built a wall and then everytime I came back to that wall a chest would spawn on top of it, meaning that I have to go to the top and open it and take the now useless items because of my high tier stuff and just throw them away.Conclusion:It is very clear that Playful Corp. loves the community and the game that they are creating, rivaling the amount that Minecraft had in its' early days (2010-2011). I can't help but see this game becoming my new voxel game over Minecraft leaving it into the dust. The problems are more nitpicks as the game is more then good enough to purchase it its' early state. I recomend it to anyone who enjoys survivla voxel games as this has a different approach taht really pays off! I will update this review as the updates roll out, until then I give it a 8.1/10"
76561198085586999,Recommended,280790,15996895,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Max_Power225,"Good purchase if you're looking for a cheaply priced sandbox games to play with friends, constantly getting HUGE updates and has more to it then the stigma of a 'minecraft copy' that games like this tend to get11/10 Would start a huge project only to have to make new world cause i want update features ;-;"
76561197989427516,Not Recommended,280790,17719207,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,peteswansen,it doesnt look much like the teaser pics..interface is too big and poofy and in your face
,Recommended,280790,11841249,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Morte Di Dio,"Yes this game is similair to Minecraft , but there isn't that much you can do differently with a voxel based sandbox block building game. But when you play it, it feels a whole lot different and you need to forget everything you know about Minecraft as Creativerse is different and unique in a way."
76561198055866631,Recommended,280790,11814833,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,The Alt Knight,This game is awesome everyone would love it! It is based on cave systems with different monsters. It is probably the best game I have ever played. You SHOULD buy it! Remember it is only in early accese and it is REALLY FUN! You really should buy it. Also I am doing a giveaway for 1 code for the game go check it out and you could win!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM68Q_BB18Y
,Recommended,280790,11864760,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Beldarak,"I played a lot of Minecraft-likes :Corneroids, Minetest, Starmade, some obscure titles I don't even remember and a lot of non-blocky voxel games like MasterSpace, Planet Explorers etc... etc... etc...Some of them were great (Corneroids <3), some weren't... at all.But none felt as smooth or polished as this one does.Creativerse is genuinely fun, it's beautiful and you can already craft a lot of things (something I always find was missing in Minecraft).In it's actual state, it's not better or worse than Minecraft, I find it as good since it offers a lot more things in certain areas (furnitures, melee fighting, graphics, stability...) and less in some other (less biomes [not sure about this one, I didn't walk too far from home], no redstone equivalent, no character skins, etc...)It's also super easy to set a server since the whole thing works like Minecraft Realms (not a big fan of always online games but it has its advantages).With time, I'm sure this game will become even more awesome. The devs look really passionates and are listening to the community."
76561198005400020,Recommended,280790,11833153,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bloodwolff,"I found that the beauiful graphics attracted me first, then the other fact was how simple and easy it was to conect to other friends games, just as simple as enter in the game world's name and Ding! within seconds i was connected with my friends, unlike the irritating MC running in java and only succeeded to conect once with my uncle to play this game in a LAN game. I was so greatful that the ease of connecting with my friends & family to play this game.the game mechanics are simular to MC, but uniquely better, I found after a couple of hours playing MC I got easily bored but this game kept me up till the early hours of the following morning, before realising it had already passed 3am lol.I don't usually stay up past 11pm playing games, pushing it occasionally past 12 midnight on some games. So yes I would strongly recommend this game to any friend and family :))"
76561198002519683,Not Recommended,280790,18508311,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dorjef,"The game is underwhelming in the ammount of content and things you can do in the game.The updates come slow and are usualy just cosmetic, like a few new block skins... wow! How can it take months to make a couple of new skins, for a slope or stairs? Or house blue-prints you can buy in the ingame shop? I dont care about your ingame shop. Why would i buy your houses? If the game is fun and addictive i'd prefer to build my own houses...or with a friend.The only thing the game has going for itself right now are better animations on the few monsters that are in the game, compared to Minecraft. And the monsters are to few. Biomes are to few.I had expected by now to se more biomes, perhaps underwater biomes, vehicles or similar content. but no. You can dig and kill a few of the same monsters with diferent skins.And there are no villages, no red-stone type of mechanics like in Minecrat. No rail or train system. No survival mode with a hunger bar or anything like that to make the game more purposeful. And the devs wont tell if any of that is going to be implemented, because they want this game to be so NOT like Minecraft...lol...which is ridiculous, cause thats exactly what this game is. A Minecraft clone which is even more sandboxy but with less stuff to do.You just dig and upgrade your gear so you can dig deeper. And you kill a few mobs for mats, thats it...You get to the bottom layer pretty quick, with nothing really to do there.Upgrading is expensive and boring, and digging gets boring quick. The only fun i had in the game was when i discovered dynamite digging. But that is very expensive, and if you go that route you find yourself spending all your time digging for resources for your dynamite...and crafting new gear...so u can gather mats for more dynamite, and gear...cause your gear wears off in this game faster than u can say ""oh, this is repetitive"".Finding other players to play with is also very difficult and clunky. Most of the worlds encumbering the server-menu have been abandonned for more than 6 months!Game certainly has potential, but i have lost patience waiting for the game to start making any sense as a game and thats probably because the entire game model is directed towards an ingame shop which is already implemented, where you can buy blueprints for houses to build and other stuff. Expect the shop content to grow, and the game content to be very skinny...Bottom line: If u want to make a Minecraft clone, make it better in every way. Do what Minecraft did, but better. And u start by adding more content, not taking away content and implementing an in-game shop!"
,Recommended,280790,14316915,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Spicy Meme,Amazing game!! The graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is HIGHLY addicting. Online persistent worlds to share and play with others. Allows you to password protect and set permissions. I highly recommend this game!
76561198067543059,Recommended,280790,15338273,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ABadTime,A very interesting game with a lot of pros.. i kind of enjoy playing it .
76561198151919649,Recommended,280790,13944414,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,georgewooldridge,i have wathced videos on the game and i bought it but everytime i start it up it it gives me a pop up but it is blury and i dont know what it says so i cant play it
,Recommended,280790,15020561,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Simpai,"I am completely addicted to this game.  I've been looking around at alternate sandbox games for awhile and most are too much like minecraft, I seen the nice reviews on this one. It has lots of similarities to minecraft, but it is also very unique and has a rpg feel to it. I am loving it so far and can't wait to see what kinds of things get added to it!"
76561197969026222,Recommended,280790,15592520,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,chriswrhode,"The premise is GREAT .. and it seems fun, but i would like more options for machines, or maybe a little magic to play with. You see, minecraft became boring real quick and the only thing keeping it afloat are the MODS. i would really hate for this game to follow in its footsteps. Needs something to spice it up. Otherwise GREAT JOB .. !!.... the addition of more BIOMES is a step in the right direction.Oh, and PLEASE add the ability to delete old saves or at least change the name. i have like 3 saves with the same name and can never really be sure which one im joining."
76561198117803091,Not Recommended,280790,14929494,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jaowa,Game has too many bugs
,Not Recommended,280790,15017296,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,DeezCashews,it wont let me even get on the game sayz i need to acess thourgh steam
,Recommended,280790,17190982,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,keybordkiller,"This game is very much like Minecraft, But with some pleasing twists. Well, That is, Some things I don't think We'll ever actually see in Minecraft, that is... lol. But Over all, There seems to be a Healthy amount of Updates on a regluar basis. And there still adding new and exciting Content. I say you should buy it now, because later on, it will for sure cost more.."
76561198087531438,Recommended,280790,11688561,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Amni くろねこ,"Fun game, has lots of potential and might be better than MinecraftRemoving in game purchases will be better"
,Recommended,280790,12204867,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lochemage,"After playing this early access for the past 70 hours, I have to say I am having a blast!  At first glance, it looks like another Minecraft clone.  It has many of the same elements that you would expect, cubed voxel based graphics, randomly generated world, mining, crafting.However, there are some key differences that set this apart from others.  Servers are all handled by the game and always posted online, you don't need to buy or have your own server space just to make a new world online for you and your friends.  Monster loot is actually useful for a number of crafting recipes and the combat is very smooth.  The mining animation is rather pleasing and never gets old.  You have a personal teleporter that you can place and return to at any time, and you can optionally make it public so others in the world can teleport to it as well.  The most recent update introduces craftable teleporters as well, these teleporters are given a 'code' when you place them that link them up with other teleporters in the world.  Most of all, the development team are very active in the community and almost respond to all forum posts and suggestions.To be sure, there are a few bugs to get around during the early access, and not all elements have been finished yet.  Besides the graphical glitches here and there, mining and combat seem a little bit too easy right now and there is no way currently to keep monsters from spawning inside your own structures.Crafting is done by placing a Crafting Table on the world and interacting with it.  You learn recipes that you find deep in a dungeon or unlock during gameplay which gives you a very well defined progression system.  Crafting a wooden door will unlock your ability to craft a stone door, and so on.  Crafting takes some time, the most extreme I've seen so far was two hours, so many people get the impression that it is a Pay-To-Win model because you are able to pay real money to instantly finish crafting something.  However, I don't see it that way.  There is no limit to how many Crafting Tables you can place and use at the same time, if I queue up 10 tables at once, i get items at 10 times the rate.  I have never felt it necessary to pay for it to finish sooner, but it is still nice to have the option if I wanted it (and the price is really not much either).The early access right now is $20, but the final game is going to be free.  Either pay for the early access and to help them develop the game, or wait until it is released, the choice is yours."
76561198007237650,Recommended,280790,11978320,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,SliceNDicer8,"Most people upon initial glance would see this only as a minecraft clone. It really isn't. While some of the game's mechanics are very similar to minecraft, the majority of them are actually very different.The crafting system is a tier based, self-unlocking menu, where if you have the objects required, you can make the item, no further thinking required. It does take varying amount of times to craft each item, but since you can both leave the item to craft while you do other things, as well as easily build multiples of the crafting benches/forges/processors, it balances out quite nicely.The health and stamina system that this game has is very different than minecraft's hunger and health system. In this game health is restored through easily crafted health potions, and your stamina will not effect your health at all. Your stamina is used to sprint, and when you are walking it regenerates at a good pace.Exploration in this game is very much encouraged, as there are random chests scattered around the world with random stuff inside, as well as the fact that it is a lot easier to find some items in certain biomes than it is in others.Overall, this game is shaping up very well, and although there are a fair amount of graphical bugs that I've found, none have been game breaking, and I am enjoying playing this game a lot. I hope to see more awesome work out of this game's developers as they come closer to it's true release."
76561198201593323,Not Recommended,280790,16956288,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,EvelynRowe,When i start mine up it looks funny and i think the boxes are meant to be words any help it wants like a code or somthing
76561198041373436,Not Recommended,280790,16731485,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,MarTee,"Shame they didnt try to fix the graphics bugs on Mac OS X Yosemite, or leave astatus update on the matter, and since it's unplayable (graphics wise) I cantrecommend this at all :( !!"
,Not Recommended,280790,27020128,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Draylynn,"It's a clone, sure the graphics are prettier, the monsters cute as hell and runs pretty fast compared to other versions, it has a lot less content, offers a lot less configurability and customization, it gets old really fast.Considering how long this has been in Early Access, I don't expect a ton of fleshing out anytime soon and if they do flesh it out, I'd be prepared for paywalls, as it stands at the moment the first DLC seems to have ripped a few gameplay suggestions out of the suggestions box and then made people pay for it - Cosmetic only right? I consider that a blatant lie, thus I have no trust in this game or it's developers and haven't been able to dump any real playtime into it... And the item mall monetizes on one of the games biggest features.After years still has bugs that aren't fixed yet frequently interfere with gameplay, I still can't use my mouse wheel without it locking up amongst other things.May want to pass this one by, there are better choices on the market.Steam really needs to put a time-limit on Early Access games, getting a bit silly now."
,Not Recommended,280790,30150874,Posted: 24 February,all,your neurosis,"What can be said of this game? Yes, its free, yes its realy access. But there is very little to set it apart from other block based open word creative games.  It's pretty, it's interesting. There are some creative game play concepts here, but it all just makes it more tedious. it sure looks nicer and is prettier than some of the others. I'll update my review if any updates to the game change anything significantly.So, if you like Minecraft, but want it to be prettier, get a skin pack or try the mods.If you want it to be more tedious and time consuming, then go for this game.It just seems limited and trying way too hard."
76561198088410603,Not Recommended,280790,26183911,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Manicvirus093,just horibal
,Recommended,280790,11952435,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Gusty,"just bought today. this game is as much of a ""clone"" of minecraft as every ""roguelike"" is a clone of rogue. it's why it's called a genre. so stop complaining and instad try supporting it because there will come a time when notch is gone and minecraft stops getting developed and a similar game becomes more popular. anyways. the graphics are farely decent and clean.  the crafting system is abit messed up and can leave you short of being crippled due to certain resources being rare. and i mean basic things like a door and chest requiring bees wax which i have yet to find. luckilly enemies dont spawn in your immediate vicinity and actively seek you out so it's not as important to build a shelter as it is in minecraft but the inventory space is more limited in this game."
76561198069666726,Recommended,280790,11982584,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,AP Jokesta,"Great game overall. Very addicting, if you have friends. Sandbox games like this are brought into their ownwhen they involve community, when the full release comes out I would love to see a large community for it withmod compatibility, or at least a dev team willing to incorporate new ideas through consistent updates. Great game not, just for an early access game though. I see a ton of potential with this game, but I will talk more about that later in the reviewMAJOR POINTS- Awesome building concept, different creation stations- Well developed interface- Plenty of blocks, more is always better though :p- Very little bugs, shows great promiseTHINGS I WOULD LIKE TO SEE- new blocks, including armor and weapons and possibly enemies- A few designated public servers so people can play in the same world without being friends on steam- A better combat system (I will expand)- possible a story to work around with missions, will exponentially increase the games longevity- A built in radio. Whenever i solo sandbox games I find myself listening to music while building from Spotify or Pandora, I would love to see this game have a built in radio to #1 run more smoothly (one tab always runs better than 2) and  #2 it will increase the sense of community as people can share new music they find with others in game.- Play with the devs days, where developers join one of the public servers and organizes a certain kind of game, like capture the flag, get the most of one block in a certain period of time, or any other simple game. I love developers willing to play with their customers, this will also increase the community for the game.Now to talk about the combat system. I have grown up moving from FPS games, to sandbox, to ARPG, to MMORPG, and now I play a constant interchanging mixture of them. The one thing I always miss in sandbox games is good action, sure thats not their intent and prupose, but a sandbox game with a great combat system would kick absolute♥♥♥♥♥ Imagine quickly crafting towers to jump off and in a fluid animation start a sword and shield battle, while arrows or bullets and explosions from bombs rain down at you from other players and in the distance are the rumbles of armed vehicles. A self-adaptive combat game where if you don't like the map, you can just change it. Fluid animation combat, I wouldn't be able to put this game down ever. You could have battles of unimaginable proportions in between guilds or random players.It is quite the ambition to include an action combat system in a sandbox game like creativerse, but something like that would change the face of gaming. That is my opinion of where this game should move, and of all the games I have played I believe this one has the potential to be the game of the century."
76561198108011799,Not Recommended,280790,23050373,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DwarfMaster,"Bought this game for 140 NOK for some time ago.Now it's free.The game is terrible, there is too many enemies in the cavesand there is too many useless ores  and rocks."
,Recommended,280790,18254508,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Lanik,"Was bored of Minecraft and all it's bullshoite such as having to buy a server for more than the focking game is priced at to play MP, It's really nice to see something such as this that does everything that Minecraft did wrong, right. Don't regret buying it, nor is it expensive.Not gonna go into anything more such as gameplay or anything, there's tons of reviews that already does this. For now, I've only played it for about 3 hours but it was still fun. Recently got Destiny with all the DLC's on PS4 so I won't be playing anything on steam for a while ;)"
,Recommended,280790,31557583,Posted: 5 May,all,KOTDT,this is one great game you my thing its a minecraft clone and your be right but it looks a lot beter and i thing playes better than mindcraft. it tells you what you need to make things and has planes for buildings you can put down to get you started with and you can glide found the place to eg: fly about the place there is lots to do and make with your mind is put to it the only down side is there a pro version you need to get to make more worlds and fly less they give you the flying for free and there lots more to do and find out. I have only just hit the basics of this game playing on my own yes i do have one world and put a password on it as it for me and my mates and family and there frinds that i let on once i am on this game i for get the time i go on for 1 hour and it turns in to 3 or more hours and the mods who make the game are doing updates a lot to fix thing or add new bits to the game so over all this is a must have i played mindcraft and could not get on with it but this game i got on with from day one
76561198090743943,Recommended,280790,31635647,Posted: 8 May,all,☸️🕉YuvaBuddha🕉☸,ffs ive had this game since it came out and i bought it for $20 and now its free kms
76561198152563420,Recommended,280790,12021155,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,stephaniemmoon,"So far so good. I love the visuals and the general feel of the environment. I like that you and the animals are not boxed. I Think that the structure could use a little more work.I understand that the desire here is to not be a Minecraft clone, but some of the differences feeel like they were implimented for no other reason but differentiation. Example, the switch of importance from iron and obsidion. From a scientific angle, it does make sense, iron it more durable than volcanic glass.I understand the desire in crafting to not have to memorize a bunch of recipies, but I think the layout of the crafts as they are learned is a bit chaotic. I would like to see some categorization, or even treesm so you can logicaly approch unlocking other crafts. Also, a way to tell a craft is the end of a chain and won't unlock anything else would be good. I am having to chart on paper to help keep track.A few visuals need polish, there is overlay issues with the armor and hair on the avatar and if you place a torch on a side wall, there is a solid color block that keeps the torch centered, but takes away from the overall look, especially when you have a chain of them down a shaft.Over all, I am looking forward to when it is complete.ps, what spawns blue flowers? is there a third type of tree that i have missed?"
76561198048827567,Recommended,280790,16420450,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,inigo montoia,the game have a realy good gamplay but you need a partner
,Recommended,280790,16639097,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,YaFinepieceofDuck,"Great game! Nothing like Minecraft. I highly reccommend it, however, keep in mind that it does have a tendency to delete anyworlds that you create..."
76561197990573379,Recommended,280790,17451448,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,LifetSavert911,"Fricken AWESOME! I HIGHLY recomend this game and it's only in early access so far. If you like Minecraft you will LOVE this game! Everything you like about Minecraft but the stuff that sucks about Minecraft, is better in this game! I recomend it and I think it's worth the full price. Grab it today and you will fall in love immediately."
,Recommended,280790,17174962,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,dorking wanderers #1,would like some more combat options and mabe working beds add dedicated server options instead of just playing with friends but apart from that good game
76561198164156798,Recommended,280790,16283722,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,natthegrateplays,i cant play anymore every time i try and make a world it trys to load and sends me back to the menu .does anyone know why?
76561198044406683,Recommended,280790,16405028,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,stephenb12,I like where this game is going.
76561198057766840,Recommended,280790,11882156,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Zon,i bought this game and no way its a waist of time .if you like this style of game get it and you will be pleased how the  game plays. and i know they are going to make this well good so im looking forward the the end product.enjoy this game like im going to
76561198039875930,Not Recommended,280790,29941342,Posted: 15 February,all,Drachenstein2,"Fun game at first - Bad game after a while. 10 Monsters running towards you where you want to explore the area (even at day) and I couldnt find Iron anywhere. Looking up YT or any forumsb-> suggested to place TNT, which is funny cause I cant craft TNT if I cant extract Iron...."
,Not Recommended,280790,29448271,Posted: 23 January,all,Samuelipe,Just dont
76561198106846571,Not Recommended,280790,29464248,Posted: 24 January,all,cambada,esse jogo não passa de uma copia barata do dota 2 melhor jogo diga se de passagema ja ia me esquecendoesse jogo só n é pior que undertales e overcu e metalgear solido feito um troção sem proteinas
,Not Recommended,280790,29473778,Posted: 24 January,all,Spoopdor,Crap
,Recommended,280790,11900322,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Awakeland,"this game is fun the one thing i dont like is it dont save ,i lost everything i had i payed for the castle pack an a few others an they are gone :/ an i cant telaport back to the home i made"
,Recommended,280790,12064725,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,RussMafia,"Great Game!I have played Minecraft for years and when I saw this game on Steam I knew that I had to try it. After playing for about 40 minutes I have discovered some negative and positive things in the game. I will be mentioning only negative in this post and for all the positive you will just HAVE TO BUY IT     Like any great game it takes time and lots of effort plus responses from other players to make it complete. In these 40 minutes I have found gameplay amazing but there are things that could definitely improve it. As soon as I created a world I have noticed that my character seemed very low to the ground and when I tried to zoom out little bit I couldn’t because there isn’t an option to do so (Field Of Vision) like in Minecraft. This game will never be like Minecraft because it is so much more and has great potential but zooming out is definitely needed for builders like me.After figuring out crafting (LOVE IT) I was so excited that I have started to build myself a base (I am a BUILDER in Minecraft) my building scales are giant only because building something awesome requires you to build it large because of the whole pixel (Block) idea. First I have built myself a hole underground to survive the night and have some sort of starting base from where I can start on a larger project. As I was building I found out that placing doors next to each other does not work very well. Because doors do not communicate with each other they open the same way (when placed from inside they always open inward likewise when placed from outside, still open inward). That’s not an issue when you have only one door but if you want to have double doors one of the doors if opened looks like it is not connected to a wall (weird).For testing purposes I have purchased Starter Kit plus the Castle Kit. As I continued to play around I have discovered that fences can only be placed one way. If they are placed from North to South you couldn’t place them from East to West so that they connect to the ones in the South and North. I do understand that the game is still in development and that there are lots of other things to fix. (Please fix that issue)Another issue I had was torchers. Torchers that you start out with are practically useless. Even the coal torchers are not very good. When building my underground hole I had to place them every 4 blocks which is very bad. I also saw some other forms of lighting but as beginners we all rely on light to survive first several days and then no one wants to live in DARKNESS.I will continue to play and see what else interesting is in the game but my overall SCORE of this game is definitely 4/5 so far only because it isn’t finished. I am sure that once it is finished and some problems are fixed this game will definitely make it. Can’t wait to see what else is in store for me…  RussMafia."
,Recommended,280790,12191032,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Xakorik,"Very great game and getting better all the time, the developers listen to our feedback and are making this game great."
,Recommended,280790,11720654,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,EGF1,"Even in alpha stage I can only say: IT's GREAT FUN !!!!But ... For now,Let's say you buy Creativerse ...You start to play and enjoy Creativerse ... you like it, but while building your huge pink tree castle, you can't escape the feeling that you would love to see your world to be inhabited by invisible dinosaurs.Who knows why, but you would like that.You start talking about your idea on the forums and before you know it other players start talking and discussin your great, yet wierd idea ... A few days later some developers join your forum topic and soon all sorts of people are talking about your great, yet weird idea ...Then, a few weeks / updates later, you wake up in your huge pink tree castle, and walk on to your terrace ... and there they are. You can't see them, but you hear them ...They have arrived: Huge invisible dinosaurs ...Your ideas, my ideas, there ideas ... They can become part of our universe, our Creativerse!This is just one of the things this game has, a development team that is active, enthusiastic and fun! Seriously: they listen :)I say: 100% Worth a buy !!!"
76561198117547705,Recommended,280790,11882177,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,RID,"This game is great!!iv'e logged a good 15 hours so far, and i cannot get enough of it, the graphics are great, the crafting system is so in depth. Everytime you create something it unlocks something new. The mechanics are great and fluid. It runs great and just looks great.This game is early access and for only being on the store for not even a month now, i have to say i am impressed, the devs are very active and talk to the community as far as what we want to see in the game, they communicate with us (which is so important) because it shows that they are serious about this game and wan't to make something great that we will love, and this is what they are doing by talking to us.Go ahead and call it a minecraft rip off, but i have played both games and i prefer this over minecraft, there are no mods (atm) which force you to play the right way and fight to survive. There are a few things like micro transactions i don't think are nice, but with that being said maybe somewhere down the line some things that would be good for micro transactions could be Cosmetic items such as Texture packs, New characters, Clothes, Gear, ect.the game already has so much and im looking foward to seeing what else these devs will add to the game, i hope to see a ton more crafting and materials.My current rating for this game as (early access) is 8/10 and it will only get better!, Should you pick it up? Yes you should!! plus the devs are doing a buy one get one free deal, so how sweet is that?!I have a ton of suggestions i will be fowarding to the devs in hopes that i can help (as a community member) shape this game!!"
76561197960387400,Recommended,280790,13132574,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CHillDice1,"Lots of fun so far. Remnids me of playing *cough toher game* for the first time, but with better graphics and more to do. Like how each item tells you what it is for, and the crafting table show what you can build."
,Recommended,280790,12210000,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,honda_shift,"by a long shot, WAY better than minecraft! best 20 bucks of the month!"
76561197999282585,Recommended,280790,12105625,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,WhatEverMan,"Creativerse is a Minecraft clone; there's no getting around that.  Being a clone isn't necessarily a bad thing; consumers are just used to watching movies where clones are lesser versions or deranged.  In the case of Creativerse, the game and the gameplay is neither 'lesser' or 'deranged.'  The developers added some interesting twists which I find to be a nice jump from Minecraft.  I am not referring to the NES Powerglove the player uses to collect blocks, but rather the method used to strengthen your pull and and aquire ever better materials.  So far, I am enjoying it and looking forward to more hours.This review would not be complete without a con, so here it is.......I no longer have a con to share at this time as the developers listened to feedback from their customers and removed the timers that gave the game a 'Clash of Clans' pay-to-play feel.  I will continue to play the game with interest and edit the review as needed."
76561197994005499,Not Recommended,280790,13278571,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Golden Chief Bug,"I could say a good deal about this games flaws, but Id rather sum up my thoughts in one sentence. Dont buy Minecraft clones. And thats really what this game is, a minecraft clone. This doesnt seem bring anything exciting to the table, or really contribute the to the genre. No doubt there are some fun elements, but by and far everything lands flat. Save your money kids."
,Recommended,280790,13247530,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,antisocialian,"Definitely a fun game. The graphics are really quite good for a game of this genre. The crafting system has a definte ""rabbit hole"" feel to it, there always seems to be something else, maybe something better to craft."
76561198031446696,Recommended,280790,12079922,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Weekend Hero,Creativerse is very polished for a early access game.This is a game that at first glance looks like Minecraft with better graphics. However it plays completely different. The crafting system is far superior in my opinion. The resources are fairly easy to find so you progress at a steady pace. Developers really hit the sweet spot in difficulty of both combat and scarcity of resources.I bought this game to be able to play something new with my minecraft loving kids as I´m so tired of minecraft. Creativerse did not disappoint and we are having a blast.After a few hours of playing my kids burst out that this is better then minecraft.
,Recommended,280790,11986412,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bandit_78,"This is an amazing game! It is in no way Minecraft. It may look like it is , but i can assure you its a totally different experience.I played for a few hours day 1 and im hooked. I will be streaming this game ontwitch.tv/geminiz1978and posting let's play videos of it on my youtube channel EPIC GAME TIME . Just search - Geminiz Plays - on youtube, or follow this link to my channel.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCHL-CO4fU_PfJ2FvJ99uZQhttp://www.twitch.tv/geminiz1978http://www.twitch.tv/geminiz1978/b/565347371<--- click this one to see my last stream on twitch"
,Recommended,280790,11692701,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,OptimumSmiley,I enjoyed this game and uploaded a video on youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHzjN7o38js&list=UUbG40XpSfVVT2UD95qo_PWg
76561198069959842,Recommended,280790,13341266,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,BlueAce417,"Great game, got stuck in my own house when i realized my wood cell broke.... and my whole house is made of stone... no door.... Teleporting is a nice touch. What I would love to see is something along the lines of magic. Like a gauntlet that fires balls of fire or shards of ice. Hell even boots that manipulate gravity would be perfect! Definately a game i would play a second time. (Meaning a game one wouldn't play once and forget about)"
76561198092486411,Recommended,280790,14900298,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,aqua,"A very good Voxel Sandbox game. At least, i enjoy it. It seems to be like Minecraft in the Screenshot, but in fact, its not. It has better Graphics and other gamerules. So i think, if u are fan of minecraft, but want to find something new and at a breath with minecraft, just take this game, it wont let u down."
76561198133108718,Recommended,280790,12046976,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Cody,"Great game, better than the other block head ones. LOL!  There needs to be optional quests and achievements to keep it from becoming boring though."
76561198092383603,Recommended,280790,11762654,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,animalcracker188,"Good game. similar to minecraft but several difference. If your a mindcraft fan, give the game a chance. It is really good and has  several suprises in it. The microtransaction are very annoying. but are not required and you can definitely play without them."
76561198061764893,Recommended,280790,11693558,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,KABOOM!!BABY,"Super Fun game, the game has so much diversity compared to the classic minecraft, although they have similarities, this is definitively a total different game!, It got great potential and for an alpha is super great!"
76561197990688374,Recommended,280790,13535757,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Crashworthy,Just getting into it
76561197978281026,Recommended,280790,13637301,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mrkanobe,very fun.  recommend 100%
,Recommended,280790,13320031,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Wolfstorm,"Creativerse is a very enjoyable crafting/exploring game that has dominated my recent game time since purchasing it not long ago. While it has obvious ties to Minecraft it is much more than a mindless clone and I highly recommend it.I want to start by specifically addressing the issue on the price and in-game store. The 20 dollars you pay now is for early access, the devs have repeatedly stressed that the game will be free-to-play at launch, and not only that but those of us that pay for early access will get free cash for the store anyway. The devs have also pulled the store for a rework since the community was unhappy with the pay to reduce crafting timers that was present and will be returning when it is reinstated. The store will not be pay-to-win or pay-to-play; it will be there for cosmetic and vanity items and not to directly give a player an advantage over others. The game is still in early access and while that does not forgive every issue, it does behoove one to not jump to conclusions against the business model when it’s in flux and the devs are already fixing it based on the community’s feedback, which is what early access is for!That aside the game has a lot going for it. The game world is blocky but the textures are attractive and the game has a specific ‘feel’ that I enjoy. The character you play (currently only a young white male but a female version is coming soon and there have been discussions of increasing diversity and more customization options in the future) and the enemies you fight are not themselves blocky but are rather of a cartoony nature. The animations and combat are smooth and dynamic although we could use some ranged weapons and the night needs to be more dangerous than it currently is. We could of course also use more creature variety but there are more beings on this planet than meets the eye of the initial arrival and most have special attacks that may surprise you.Exploration is rewarded by more than just finding a huge tree or a new mountain range or deep dark tunnels full of dangerous creatures, although those abound as well, there are chests that spawn all over the place that contain all kinds of things including new recipes to craft. The crafting often rewards rewards you by opening up new recipes and many new recipes are discussed on the community forums. I have opened up many cool new things to make and beyond building blocks, storage, crafting stations, and lighting, you have potions and bombs to create to deal with a variety of foes from benign to deadly, and there is also furniture, and of course armor and swords to make as well.The game is still in early access and the devs are improving the game based on their own ideas and those of the community who are involved heavily in the evolution of the game, which is of course what early access is for but some early access games don’t deliver at all and few are as responsive as what I’ve seen from Playful games. I do agree with the abhorrence towards the in-game crafting timer reductions being purchased with real cash that some negative reviews have brought up and if they kept that model I would be aghast as much as anyone but the devs have shown a willingness to adjust and adapt and that issue has already been removed. There are of course some bugs and we need more biomes and more recipes that involve less-used resources, but Creativerse is already a worthy effort that I plan on playing for some time to come, give it a try and likely you will find a lot to love here."
76561197987393573,Recommended,280790,13543434,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,darienn123,Creativerse is only in alpha and its blowin my mind!  It's so addictive! Expect to have many sleepless nights and dreams of building your own empire.  If you enjoy minecraft then this will FLOOR you!!
,Recommended,280790,13728325,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,chramma,"I definitely love, love, love this game! I didn't think I would enjoy it very much, considering it is very Minecraft-y, and I didn't like Minecraft from the get-go. My boyfriend recommended this game to me, so I said what the hell and got it. Surprisingly, I've put in 20+ hours and enjoy every second of it! I can't wait for further development, though the lag really should be fixed. It's not detrimental to the game, but it's just bothersome at times."
,Recommended,280790,13565667,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HelloMelon,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME !I am not a MC player or fanboy this is a genuine e positive neutral rewiewI really like this game the game , the grafics , phisics , texture , Is amazing ! , other thing is that you need to go around find block and after that you can unlock the recipe or upgrade ! fantastic !I am at the star ,and wonderengi if in future farming or automatic implant come to be build that will atract many player and have more fun ! .I hope also that the crew of dev continue with update and content to us , I saw they are very active and lyssen to us so I am positive .I saw is free to play and hope that the promes to not become a pay game for time or wapon but just store for clothes or stuff like that is ok to me !  :) . but if that chage and pay user become mor easy or powerfoul bye bye.Love this game and hope in soon update :Praccomandet to everybody !!"
76561197987849487,Recommended,280790,14049175,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Heck,"Seeing so many people whine about the minecraft similiarities lemme explain a few things that might make you understand why its okay to fork out cash for a minecraft clone.1) the makers want it to be free to play so everyone with a purchased copy get double the money back on its full release as DLC style spending money.2) the game has monster slaying done to a MUCH nicer degree for example a cave-monster you fight in deeper levels will charge a light attack which blinds the player if you dont turn away from it in time. During daytime monsters are peaceful but at night some of them turn a neon colour and become hostile to you making it clearer to players where the threat is.3) Teleporters. The minute you open the game you can place a teleporter anywhere on the map and teleport back from any location so no more getting lost while harmlessly exploring.4) Simple multiplayer. this is a big deal no need to have to fund severs each month or have to put up with admins going on an ego trip just so you and your friends have a grief-free place to create. To play together just make a server yourself and friends can join (assuming youve put a password on it to stop randoms showing up) and you can host/join without any hassle or subscriptions.5) I know your curious about the DLC spending money ""will people who pay to play have a broken edge?"" the makers did do this at first but due to complaints theyve changed it to cosmetic items rather than game-play necessary items similar to TF2.6) The game *IS* fully playable at this point even the multiplayer, which a lot of other early access games cant boast.If this isnt enough to sell you on the game go watch a few youtube gameplay videos, i had fun with this game, the colourful textures and monsters, the interesting combat mechanics and that they gave us a TELEPORTER sold me on it."
,Recommended,280790,14296416,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tamefan,"Been playing for some hours now and still coming back. Its a very nice game and the potential is big. Waiting to see more block,mobs,biomes and stuff :)Only thing i dont really like is waiting so long to mine and smelt iron,dia and such"
76561197973173473,Recommended,280790,11969975,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sgreco1970,"Arguably, the best of the voxel genre games currently out there. If you like to mine, craft, build and explore this game's for you.EDIT: ADDITIONALI am now over 150 hours into Creativerse and still feel it is the best voxel game to come out since MC started the genre. The dev team is also VERY dedicated and communicative, which is refreshing for early access. This game is going places and I have no doubt it will release and be excellent. Very very playable right now, and I enjoy it immensely."
76561198089989828,Recommended,280790,13479810,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,floboug,"A Good game for the following reasons :+  Better graphics and mobs  than in minecraft, though all minecraft options are not available yet here. (early access, etc)+ Not pay to win in any way (what the hell the negative player number one have smoked ?)+ A fabulous amount of crafted nice stuff for your buildings+ You will search for special mob, chests, chips&letters (what they are for ?)+ You will not be lost and will get back your possessions in the funeral urn located on your death location ... em ... hope you not to die in a nest of ""things"", the corrupted area nemesis ... as i did.+ you can set your world options as pvp/explosion prohibited, usefull with little noob players.As an alpha game, you will find some negative sides :- You can unlock all craft in short time, i mean in some days (no the craft delay is not long) and yes ok ok, there are a lot of them  :)- Some bugs, not importants  (shadows glitchs for the mosts)- Exploring is not interesting yet, it need development"
,Recommended,280790,17173371,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,brokenstitch,"Been playing the game for several months and do recomend it.Music - 2 out of 10 (The games music is dull and boaring.)Sound Effects - 8 out of 10 (Enemies give a bit of warning which is good.)Graphics - 9 out of 10 (The rating is based on the voxel like setting.)Playability - ... 10 out of 10 to 0 out of 10 (The game is great when it works but not so much when it doesn't.)I'll post an edited review later on, but for the most part this game is like Minecraft with better mobs and zero moding ability. My biggest issue with the game is that it's online only; Meaning that saves, builds and so forth are dependant upon the delveloper and their server/s."
,Recommended,280790,13786041,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kayla88,"Absolutely astounding game! I can't get over how nice it is, especially for being in Alpha stage right now. Personally, I think it's a much better voxel game than Minecraft is."
76561198136963091,Recommended,280790,13899112,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dirty Bird,"Never played Minecraft but I like the idea of mining and so forth. been about a week and I,m making nice stuff hope it keeps getting nicer. Any chance on more roof options or maybe i need to find more stuff ah  whatever im enjoying it."
76561198021411774,Recommended,280790,14132078,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,setonix26,"This game is really fun to play. The few bugs I've come across are no show-stoppers like in so many early-access games. It is really stable. I have put hundreds of hours in Minecraft and also developed a mod for it, but Creativerse works more smoothly and I really like the colours in the game. Also the many monsters in the game looks 10 times better than in Minecraft. It is lots of fun playing this and I recommend it to everybody. The crafting system is much easier and it is fun there is some kind of skill level built into the game. So please people, spend your money on this early access game, it is well worth it. ^_^"
,Recommended,280790,14111191,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Deku,I love this game ever since i got the game not a day has passed that i didnt play i some dayz more than other but all and all n awesome and epic game!
,Recommended,280790,14136985,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Schitz_i,"Obviously as with alot of crafting games, there is the simularity to minecraft with the general basics of the game.But Creativerse does stand out and on its own merrit.The look and feel is totally unique. Although it has a cartoon-ish feel,  it looks really good graphics wise.The mobs are cute and turn creepy at night.The crafting system is fun and easy, and I found myself trying to find the next material to keep crafting something better.Exploring caves and caverns has been alot of fun, especially getting down to the deeper depths with lava.Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,280790,15154229,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tombz,"Great game! No reason to read reviews, just try it :)"
,Recommended,280790,13853898,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Creedex,Creativerse Is a Minecraft inspired game that is what i have got from it but that is not the only thing.i recommend this game to people who like to play a challenging Sandbox game.And i do it because of these things in the game1. You don't really know what to do if its the first time you have seen/played the game so you need to find out and there is not really a forum or wiki for the game (yet atleast as of what i have seen)2. There is a lot of content in the game already even though it is in early access3. It is a challening game where you need to think things through4. It is a game where you need to be wary of all the monsters that lurk in the dark5. the multiplayer is awesome. Anyone can join you're world if they have the name of the world and password (If you have put a password on)6. The crafting system is not too hard but it is not easy either. With some items you need to go through multiple stages to get the final item so it takes longer to make an item but you need to have patience because in this game there is timers for most of the items you need to make.
,Not Recommended,280790,13310617,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,S4VG,Repetitive and a bit boring. Reminds me of CastleMiner Z
,Recommended,280790,14220437,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,LLLLets Shadles,This is a great game even in early access really enjoying it so far
76561198084065124,Recommended,280790,13710121,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Alex,"This game is great! Very fun and it has it's defferences from Minecraft. Mind you it is in Alpha so it's missing some things.Some things this game needs is,1:Sleeping in beds2:Brighter torches3:bow4:fish and fishing rod5:Birds and farms of mushrooms or different plants"
76561198121262113,Recommended,280790,13845000,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,SmileyFace01,wish it had pets and new item also something simialar to redstone like minecraft would be fun
,Recommended,280790,13871085,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,BeardyButler,"A refreshing new take on the procedurally generated block world genre.I was drawn in from the first moment, the crafting system is pleasing.I will be looking forward to future updates."
76561198051742465,Recommended,280790,13916514,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TheCheeseprogrammer,Great game and alot of people think its like mincraft but its completly diffrent as in how tou craft how you mine and build and i have played a few hours on this and it awesome i really think you should give this game a try
,Recommended,280790,14116932,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,You Fuckin' Donkey,"Would recommend this game to anyone that loves sandbox games. If you wanna play with me join Cryoni's Hub, I play almost everyday"
76561198039236515,Recommended,280790,14236547,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Candybandit,"I""m reallying enjoying this game. Even with the minor bugs and glitches (which is to be expecting at this early stage) it's so much fun. I love the mix of future tech and old school. Very beautiful textures, cute and scary mobs. I can't wait to see what more they have for us! Keep up the good work! Also, thank you for adding in a female avatar!"
,Recommended,280790,14867298,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,SliMTecH,"Wow guys, I'm really happy about this game, and really happy that I saw it in the main store page..I really love this game, the textures and animations, the new concept of mining and obtaining resources and materials in the game.I like the combat system being divided from the mining system with just a push of a button to separate it from each other for easy and distinctive access.But I feel like it could be enhanced by adding a block feature using the Right Mouse Button when having the sword equipped, just to dump down some of the recieved damage to the health.Thank u for making and developing this game.. I love it !!"
76561198110374958,Recommended,280790,13935255,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,KING.P,"Wow, For a game so similar to minecraft yet so different it can be extremely fun. And yes there will be glitches but it can still be fun if you can tolorate, remeber is an early access sooo........ Try it, even for a minecraft hater like myself I enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,280790,14320714,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[BUNY] JuJub555,Great Game good progression and balance. Has a great community of players and the developers realy listen to what the players say and want in the game as it develops. Also good relaxing music and epic graphics!
76561198089806260,Recommended,280790,13974931,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,CyberChronic187,Love the game. See myself playing it for years to come. I tell everyone i know to try it. Keep up all the great work guys!!!Relly like that the devs watch the community hub decisions and communicate with players :)
,Recommended,280790,14250431,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,IamSenpai,"A wonderful game of survival and adventure, a companion of minecraft for sure - but with so much more to offer, the dynamics and integrity of this game always leave me wanting to play more! 10/10"
,Recommended,280790,15414231,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TR-Jaybles,"Analazing the playstyle:If you have played Minecraft this game will feel almost exactly the same with more work put into the crafting and gathering aspects of the game.Gatheringwill all happen through 1 item and thats your glove. Depending on the battery you use in your glove you'll be able to harvest harder blocks and some specific resources will need a craftable extractor that is one time usable item that auto mines certain mineral nodes (like obsidian, coal and others).Craftingwill be done through a set of crafting tables, you got your regular crafting table that puts the pieces together and then a few that will make usable items out of raw material. These all work with a Queue system so you can queue up about 15-18 items let the crafting bench take care of it for you while you got harvest more.Crafting works also like in ""Don't Starve"" in the sense that when you craft something you'll learn the next upgrade. For example: Wooden fences need to be created in order to learn the recipe for Stone ones. So the more you craft the more recipes you learn.FightingIs almost exactly as minecraft but each zone (Forest, swamp, cave, ...) has it's own fauna. So not only Creepers, Spiders, Zombies and Skeletons. The area you start in has Boars (prime source of leather), Leafi's (cameleon like pushover) and baby and adult crabs (don't go after these with your twig weapon craft a wooden sword first). As you advance you'll spot more and more different monsters. Most of them are benign unless attack and of course nightime is dangerous as the mobs shift their color and become hostile.Graphics:If you know the Spahx Texturepack... it's an upgraded form of that in the way the game looks. Better but quite familiar. It must be said that there still is a little tearing here and there in the gameworld but not offputting in anyway usually at night a line here or there but I have full confidence that by the time it's released it'll be smoothed out.Audio:Very good audio, nothing extravagant but it's perfect for the gamestyle and everything you'll come across.Final Thoughts:People who really enjoy Minecraft with a lot of addons might miss some of thoose in this game butfor the general Mincraft player this is a huge upgrade. Further more the Early Access pack is just as expensive as a copy of Minecraft so if you always wanted to try Minecraft I must say go with this the game expands with every update and is way better then basic Minecraft already. Again people who love an excess amount of Minecraft addons might wanna do some more research on the current state of the game before buying."
,Recommended,280790,15285163,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Zuleru,"Super easy to make your own world and have friends connect to it. You can place teleports and really explore all over, above and under to find new recipes, more creatures and even tame them. Theres farming, cooking, designing blueprints that you can then share with others or try their plans. New texture blocks added regularly with no pressure of spending real world cash to buy features you arent sure you'd like.  It's very laid back and free to play but worth the $20 pro version."
,Recommended,280790,15120838,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HolyFather,"This game looks like Minecraft clone with improvied graphics. But it is not the graphics what makes this game different. Crafting system is much more friendly - no more boring wikis and instructions! Recepies are being unlocked while you discover new blocks, and always accessible right from the crafting table. Teleporters give you much more freedom in exploring the game world. Movement reminds me Quake - you run faster, jump faster and even can do something like double jumping! When you die you will never lose your stuff. You can always return to the death point ang get it. Switching between weapon and mining tool (which is also great and catches blocks when mining) is very convenient. ""Extractors"" which mine specific resources while you continue an exploration are great also! There is also something called ""corrupted areas"" located down below... haven't faced them yet :)And also, for early access game it's pretty stable. At least version R13.Now the cons. No Linux version. Developers mumble something about Unity on Linux and 1% of audience. Afaik it's ported so it's not an excuse. What's about 1%... I dunno. For me is more like 10% or even more due to Valve's policy. Nvm. What's else? There is nothing like redstone yet. I do miss it. No mods yet. I don't miss them too much - many of them were poorly designed and not compatible with each other. Also... sand doesn't fall down, as well as leaves from trees without trunks don't. I hope that will be fixed eventually.Final word. Everything could change before the release. Right now R13 is pretty nice version of the game, especially with discount of 50%. This game could have a great future if continue following is own unique way. Buy the game write developers using communithy and determine the future of the game :)"
,Recommended,280790,14405717,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MilesNocte,Great game! Amazing animations and graphics. Would reccomend to anyone that loves sandbox survival games.
,Not Recommended,280790,14999035,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Hawk,Do yourself a favor and just don't buy the game.
76561198042895190,Recommended,280790,14182266,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Napping_King,Enjoyed this game for a good 5 to 7 hours i think. Once it goes free i don't see why anyone wouldn't want it. Provides a similar feel to minecraft but different play. Just what i was looking for.
,Recommended,280790,14139433,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Drumtek,I cant play
76561198164181364,Not Recommended,280790,29665656,Posted: 3 February,all,Bogdanel,"So wierd because you are limited to do something in this game! To create a new land you can't, to get something special realy need to pay 20€ for it(Not Recommanded)3/10 for this Game!"
,Recommended,280790,13276905,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Postal1982,This game is just so amazing and fun.  Everytime I set out to do something I never get to it as I am always distracted by the beauty and so much to do. This game runs smoothe and just is great for a alpha.
76561198135807495,Recommended,280790,15551661,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Franks Cumsock,"this game is beutiful and an awsome game and its better and easier than minecraft, i mean the crafting is easy, the mining is easy, everything is easy. i recomend the game to minecraft fans."
,Recommended,280790,14132389,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kryllic,"Although I haven't played much during the writing of this review, I already find this game extremely fun and can tell I'm going to be playing it for many hours more.Yes, you might think this is a Minecraft clone. And honestly, it does feel like one. But that's not a bad thing at all, because this game does have very unique features that Minecraft doesn't.Pros:-Very well done style and animation. Seriously, I LOVE the style and animations in this game, very ""awe"" inspiring, and just cool to look at.-inovative and extensive crafting system. Yes, at first, you start off with being able to craft very little, but that's because you have very little. The more you craft and collect items, the more craftable features you unlock, which is a huge motive to go out and explore everything you possibly can. Also, I would like to note, I thought it was a little clever that you have to find a workbench in the world rather than build one out of a tree.-combat is really fun. The one issue I had with Minecraft is the combat didn't seem immersive or engaging. Creativerse's really neat (and adorable) looking enemies may seem pretty simplistic at first, I thought, until I ran into a crab thing that blocked my attacks, and when I was waiting for it to stop, it did a surprise spin attack that killed me. Also, the animation for the combat is really cool as well.-Very interesting world. Serveral biome types and really cool world generation that makes it fun to explore.-Caving is awesome! On surface level, you just have your generic caves, nothing much too them. But, the further you go down, the more spacious and vast the caves become, along with more damgerous and bizarre creatures. Oh, and just wait til you hit the level with lava.-Fun soundtrack. Although it's not the best thing I've heard in a game, it's nice to listen to, and engaging when the combat music kicks in.Cons:-My ""personal"" experience that's been bothering me is the lag. Not sure if there are settings I could change to help, but I get a bit of framerate lag every so often. It's not game breaking or anything, but just a bit of annoyance. Just keep in mind, this IS Early Access, so there's bound to be updates ahead to fix these issues.Turns out, I had Accelerated Mouse turned on, which really lags up the butt when you turn 180. So, make sure that's turned off, and there won't be much lag. And you'll be able to control where your character looks.- ...Seriously, I've yet to find much wrong with this game (other than the lag). Though I haven't played any multiplayer yet (none of my friends know of this game), so I'll update my review once I get into that portion of this game.So, if you're a fan of Minecraft, or want an endless generated world where you can destroy, build, and fight, then I definitely recommend this game. I don't want to jinx it now, but I only have high hopes for the future of this game."
,Recommended,280790,14508155,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Ryuk The Shinigami,"I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!This game is the best sandbox adventure game I have played. It has many items to create and many mobs to fight. It is also sifi and that makes it so much better. Not a Minecraft copy no matter what the NEGATIVE people say. Some of them are trolls. If you love adventure and Minecraft this game is for you and it will also be BETTER then MINECRAFT too.(I've put together some bugs, things that need improvement, and things that are best about this game down below.)This game is great! (- means bad = okay + good)-The enemys can hit you through blocks.+In return you can also hit them through blocks.-It can be laggy if you have windows 10.+There is a  good variety of mobs.+There is a GOOD crafting system.=Sometimes mobs don't drop what you want until the 10th kill.+This game will replace your Minecraft.-Mobs can see you from a long distance and if you kill them then sometimes more of them will spawn next to you within the next 5-10 seconds.-The door window will be blueish black even if it is day outside.+This game is sifi.+You can jump super high.-Sometimes you'll jump super high and fall and hurt yourself.=No food needed to survive.-(for me) Can't find obsidian anywhere.+The game as well done animations."
,Recommended,280790,16446095,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ANTI,"Most people think this is a copy of Minecraft, but it's not. It is even better than Minecraft."
76561198125795303,Recommended,280790,14971233,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Herk,Its minecraft with soft edges.
76561198167829559,Recommended,280790,15084905,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Axion 33,"great early release with loads of potential . 2 thumbs up :)if you love sandbox building games, try this outim now on 152hrs of game playreally great game (sure its got a few bugs, dam red line)but its early days and still being worked on,great community too well worth a look ."
,Recommended,280790,13145716,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,TehMung,Creativerse is a very well graphic'd game with alot of opening content! Keep it up!!
,Recommended,280790,14797310,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kelly,Seriously awesome game!
76561198331640446,Not Recommended,280790,29845746,Posted: 11 February,all,shayan_a1,I can`t join any servers but i think it is a good game .Can you fix my problem?
,Recommended,280790,13133615,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,❤❤❤❤❤,"I really enjoy creativerse so far! I went in thinking that it would be similar to minecraft and i guess it is in many ways. However, it has such a different feel to it! The crafting and certain Mining/extraction aspects of the game is different and creative!Obviously there are some bugs/issues as you would expect in an Alpha release game but i can't wait to see the direction this game takes in the future! :)"
,Recommended,280790,13411645,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,RODE_85,"I highly recommend this game for sure. The game is beautiful and runs excellent if you have a good gaming computer of course. This game hasn't once froze, crashed, bugged or glitched on me. Yes it looks similar to Minecraft, but its way better with way more materials and things to do. I'm very happy with my purchase. Thank you devs for a excellent game."
76561198041245291,Recommended,280790,14678086,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[tRUST] Dumbass Lp,I really like the game and hope it's going to continue getting better. Nevertheless I would like to see some changes. 20 minutes or more are way to long to wait so please reduce the mining time rapidly and to not more than 10 minutes. Also I would like to have character personolization possibilities and long range weapons (for example muskets with the blackpowder or something llike that).Still I really like the game and I think if it will change a bit I can fully recommend it.
76561198030952719,Recommended,280790,15330815,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Eadgyt,Sooo hooked on this.. so much to do!
76561198028231235,Recommended,280790,15278551,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,RedMachine,"Excellent game. I really enjoy the fact that the developers COMMUNICATE with the people who are in early access, and reply pretty damn fast in regards to feedback. As for the gameplay, I really enjoy playing it with a friend. But as for playing solo, meh, I don`t have the time to search for a server and prove to someone I'm not a griefer, I had a minecraft server once. I do hope however they will implement more Admin tools (including something like LogBlock to track griefers, protection blocks, etc). Good job so far Playful !"
76561198167201581,Recommended,280790,15350330,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,connorbsd,awsome
76561197973074301,Recommended,280790,15304640,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,sakura,intresting
76561198081798839,Recommended,280790,15102504,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dom,"For me, a minecraft / sandbox / survival / harvesting / crafting / gathering type game fan, TOTALLY worth the 10$ i paid for this game! Still in early stages and its already great! I was expecting the game to be like minecraft but its so different! I love it! I think i found my new addiction! :) Definatly recommend and would 200% for sure buy it again!"
76561198047325927,Not Recommended,280790,30079693,Posted: 21 February,all,Death • Sß™,Could be great but it's so badly optmized that the game takes forever to load the map around you and it crashes from 5 to 5 minutes. Things take forever to mine and Iron Ore is almost impossible to find (I found 99+ diamonds before finding Iron Ore). Overall a good game with loads of problems.
,Recommended,280790,15788279,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,axemall,players can destroy your buildings and steel all your loot happened to me afterther 24 hours gameplay plus its hard to mind admins on servers are there any servers
,Recommended,280790,16455225,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MosesPerez,oh ok!
76561198014125526,Recommended,280790,14684948,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sweid,Keep it up! Keep supporting!
76561198055652493,Recommended,280790,14704372,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,baron.schneider,great game
76561198087141622,Recommended,280790,15216156,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,B1ackS1n,Better than minecraft controller freindly and its only in its alpha! I cant want wait to see what new enemies and devices they add to this game!
,Not Recommended,280790,26306082,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,CPLWeeks,"It feels like another Minecraft clone with very little original content. It has now added ""Pro"" DLC which add the ability to fly and more player storage. It feels like they're trying to sell you the game and build a micro-transaction model as well. No thank you."
76561198111350656,Not Recommended,280790,31298537,Posted: 22 April,all,shawn0zimmerman,This is another game that doing a cash grab. They let you play it for free but its only a demo at most. Then you pay 20$ to get a game that is missing 60% of its content . Since its locked behind a cash shop. And as it stands play pop is only 36 per server so you cant make a large server. And when the amazon server bill is to large they will shut this game down. Since  they refuse to allow people to host their own server.So over all its a minecraf wannabe that out to make a fast buck off people till it cant afford the amazon hosting bill. So best to play the other clones and let this one rot away.
76561198053422627,Recommended,280790,11682059,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Game Video #1: (This one of for everyone who thinks this game looks like a clone of Minecraft)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3EiwEegoMM&feature=youtu.beGame Video #2: (Breakdown of thoughts of the game at 12 hours of gametime)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3J_yngDluIGame Video #3: ""Let's Play CreatiVerse!"" - Episode #1 - Walk-through of this game!http://youtu.be/K8xqe7iYm-8*** Lots more video coverage of this game can be found on my Zaxtor99 Youtube channel. ***I bought this game when no reviews were available on both Steam here 'nor where there any reviews found on Google or on Youtube that very first day of early access.  I mainly wanted to check it out and give a 'first glimse' review of this game.  - I'm glad I did as I now have put 35 hours in just the first week!  o.OThis game will no doubt continue to be compared to the ever popular Minecraft game, and probably cursed for it as well.  It's natural for people to look at the screenshots and video and instantly think of Minecraft.  Honestly, when I first looked at this game on it's very first day of early access on Steam, I had also thought to myself 'OMG really.. another Minecraft clone?""Despite thinking it resembled Minecraft at first glance, something intrigued me enough to look on both YouTube and on the google search for any reviews or actual gameplay from someone when I first saw it.  At the time I purchased this game, there was absolutely nothing or any impressions, reviews, or opinions of the game available anywhere.  I decided to take the plunge and risk my $20 early access fee, at the time not seeing that the $20 charge was actually just an early access fee and that they intended the game to be ""free-2-play"" once it released.I was rather enjoying the game that first day as I took my first steps and vacuumed up my first block of grass into my right hand in the new world and then... I finally saw ""it"".  The dreaded ""Store"" button from my inventory window!  ""ARGH!"" I screamed in agony!  I cursed the developers for being greedy in my initial YouTube 'first impressions' video.  At the time, I still thought I had ""bought"" the game for my $20, not just paid for the rights to be one of the first early access players and help de-bug and shape the game with feedback to the developers.  - Who would have ever guessed that players would need to pay money these days to HELP the developers with their game's badly needed feedback, opionions, suggestions, and bug reporting.  LoL.  I remember the days when players did all that simply in exhange for a FREE beta entry and access, but I guess that time changes everything.This world is NOT what you all have experienced in Minecraft.  While the videos and pictures might make you think it's just Minecraft in a different skin, I can tell you after putting almost 20 hours into the game, it is indeed very different.  - At least different enough to be a very unique experience.In Creativerse, you'll likely first be astonished at how it feels to actually play the game and almost feel the blocks of material you gather be sucked up into the spead open fingers of your right hand.  You'll notice the blue glowing lights of the high-tech glove and perhaps even think to yourself ""Wow!  I want one of THESE in my real life!""  I've never wanted a iron axe to chop wood or to smash my hand into tree trunks when I played Minecraft, but wouldn't it be cool to walk around your house in the real world, spread your fingers out, and aim your palm at your sofa, your tv set, or even your cat and hear a ""whooosh"" sound as you absorb it into your very hand!??  LOL.  Okay, maybe I'm a little off the deep end, but you get the idea!  ;-)When you look into the sky in Creativerse, you're not going to see a blurry yellow square during the daytime, but rather a perfectly round glowing sun that shoots rays of beautiful sunlight down onto your new virtual world here.  These sun rays can shine down between the leaves of trees and offer magnificent constrasts between the light of this world and the shadows found under trees and the cold blackness seen inside the dreaded caves as you explore these new lands.  At night, instead of feeling like you see a few typed ""periods"" as stars, you'll see much more natural looking flickering galaxies and distant stars.  This game offers a night sky that will truly make you feel like you are on a distant world where only your own imagination can limit you.The creativity comes to life as well in this game.  You'll come face to face with all kinds of cute, big-eyed life forms that you've never seen in any other game, but somehow they resemble something you've seen on earth, perhaps at the zoo or in one of those television nature programs.  The other creatures also all behave very differently from the other species you'll find, each one seems to have it's own personality, it's own distinct sounds, and it's own special attack style.  Some creatures wil blind you with light, others will spin to smack you with their tail, and yet others form a ball to protect themselves as if in defense mode, and then explode outwards unleashing damaging strikes!Music in your adventures here will also go from a nice, soothing melody to a much more dramatic and fast paced background chant, depending on what you are doing and where you are in the world.  You'll know you are close to high risk, high reward areas of deep mountain caves and the most mysterious, deadly monsters when you hear the booming thunder over your head.  You'll also hear realistic sounding winds slicing through the grass blades and rustling the tree leaves over your head making you almost feel the gusts tickling your skin and dancing with your hair.  In deep caverns, you can hear dripping water echoing through the rocky walls, which I swear has made me take an extra drink of water from my real-life glass of water next to me.  Hearing the deep growl and roar of some unseen monster while traversing through unexplored dark caverns will almost certainly occur. Don't be surprised to see yourself pull to the edge of your seat a little more as you pull out your weapon in the game and spin all around wondering ""where did that roar come from?""Crafting in Creativerse is actually a very rewarding experience, because as you craft your first items that you can make in the game, new and better recipes will be learned.  As you gain skill in crafting a specific item, you gain knowledge of how to make it better, and like so many other familiar games with crafting as a central core.. the more advanced items require components harder and/or riskier to acquire.  You'll WANT to craft better and higher quality items as you play, and eventually you'll be drawn into the darkest corners of caves to try and find all of the components you will need to craft better stuff.Playing with friends and other players online adds a whole new element to the game.  No monster in the game will ever present the degree of challenge that can come from another human player.  Likewise, special friendships can be made when you share the experience of exploring a deadly cave full of loot chests or building a virtual home together and sharing resources, stories, and adventure.Creativerse isn't Minecraft.  It has taken the fundamental idea of Minecraft, and the building blocks of Minecraft, but the result of this creation is a game bigger, better, and even more personal then Minecraft.  In the popularity contest, Minecraft is going to continue to win obviously as it is already a household name the world over, but this game very well might be the ""better"" game.  Time will tell whether this little gem gets enough support to make it a respectable Minecraft alternative, but then again, it shouldn't need 2 billion kids playing it to offer you a fun time and be well worth your cost to support it before it launches as free-to-play sometime down the road."
76561198017385954,Not Recommended,280790,29711702,Posted: 4 February,all,marvinight,all glitches and crashes un playable :(look verry fun though
76561198130682923,Not Recommended,280790,29732314,Posted: 5 February,all,skyking317,Its boring
,Not Recommended,280790,29721724,Posted: 5 February,all,nipple,canceris like minecraft with mods
76561198261631713,Recommended,280790,29676690,Posted: 3 February,all,Shaggy-chan,i hate this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ripoff of minecraft
76561198025853194,Not Recommended,280790,26093553,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Tsagos,"not recomended... I didn't enjoy this game at all. Poor performance with my old pc, not as frequent updates as I hoped there would be."
76561198076687156,Recommended,280790,29946331,Posted: 15 February,all,U WOT M8,This game is bad.
,Not Recommended,280790,29478186,Posted: 25 January,all,autistic german knob,actually shїt
,Recommended,280790,30069810,Posted: 20 February,all,Road to 1MMR,"BUY MINECRAFT PLEASE.This game is horribly optimized, but it has a little bit more depth than Minecraft. However, the devs didnt sell out as hard."
76561198105216761,Recommended,280790,13365315,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,NikkiGamer101,hello im NikkiGamer101 and my issue is u should really  get rid of the being able to hit players becuse my brother is hiting me like crazy and what i like aboust it is its fun full of happyness and just the i dont know so..... ya i just like it <3
76561197967090119,Recommended,280790,14297588,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,DeathlyArrow,great gamei played lots of minecraft and i gotta say this game is addictingthe only concern is when its gonna becomes free to play and the store is open.how much will mojo be inside of the game to buy a recipe or something from the store.becaus if i buy for 5 euro or something 400 or whatever mojo and 1 recipe is 300 mojo then just to buy 1 recipe for 5 euro is insane ( this is just a theory not the real price )i hope the store when its up againends up well and the development of the gamewhat this game also def needs is lots more furniturekeep up the work your doing a great job on the game sofar. loving it.
76561198013151179,Recommended,280790,13456002,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Stick2014,"I have only played this game for a couple of hours and find that it has a lot to offer, although there is no tutorial to get you started don't let this put you off.Fantastic game for Early Access, well worth the money. 10/10"
76561198000277383,Recommended,280790,13045876,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MonsterFreek147,This game is great! there are a few minor glitches ive seen but hey it hasnt stoped my expierence from being dull. the only thing that i dislike and hope they add is a brightness level the game is realy dark and as amazing that is i would love to turn up the brightness and improve my overall experience. love the game and hope to see it improve and expland. 10/10!
,Recommended,280790,14078166,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,school_zombie,"At first I was thinking ""oh, yay.....another failure minecraft clone"" until I tried it out and man, this has to be the best minecraft upgrade I've got my hands on.FYI: Just a heads up this is not a clone.PS: Teleport pads help out alot when you got deep into the earth or far into the world."
,Recommended,280790,13439644,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sp3tzn4z,"I already like it alot, it's a good game to have if you are searching for some change from minecraft, it's similar yet very different. Some things are better some things are... well... not worse.The only thing I wish was available, is the ability to play offline."
,Recommended,280790,13262865,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LmangoJ,Great game 10/10
,Not Recommended,280790,31646062,Posted: 9 May,all,Crom,"MusicNothing is fairly notable, has a few parts that get too loud in short bursts. Mob sounds are fairly irritating.CombatYou will die if you have no potions on you even if it is against the most basic mobs. No knockback effect nor ability to defend or dodge. No out of combat regeneration of any sort. You swap hits until one of you dies. Very little depth. Greatly concerning when everything is out to kill you with every corner.CraftingYou have to wait for everything in this process, as gathering ores/crafting/refining can be up to a 5 minute wait each time. Was not terribly bothered by this, however the fact every crafting tier requires you to kill increasingly more lethal mobs or to mine out very difficult to find ores at large rates, it can feel very discouraging to want to go out and do them.AESTHETICThe mobs have a style however the style is far too rounded when compared to the extremely cubed world, it is very offputting. Pigsy is not as cute as much as they try to make a meme out of it. The fog even set out to max distance, is extremely close. You will never forget its presence.  Water does not have decent flow mechanics, every waterfall is instead just a strange ugly bulge of blocks. Texture design however is top notch in all cases.MarketplaceRather inoffensive, all purchaseable items are very clear and obvious unique items with a fair price. For a marketplace this is not that bad. Lacks in content but I am sure that is a temporary problem. Obviously the fact you can buy ores and blocks is going to upset some of the playerbase, I may see it as inoffensive but certainly divides the community and should be noted.BlueprintingThe only original concept they brought to this game. However, they are mistaken in how good it is. They like to hold it up as though it can carry the game. It does not, it belongs in a better game to be sure, but thats just it.DLCPaid 20$ for its alpha, they responded by making the game free to play and giving me an overpriced flashlight.RatingA forced Pigsy meme out of a box of Creepers."
76561197993670834,Recommended,280790,11810512,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Zeph Grey,"I'm actually pretty impressed with this!  The times to build most things seems pretty reasonable with the option to pay to speed it up if you like. (I haven't felt the need so far) The game is attractive, there's plenty to do, though could use more during downtime (fishing anyone?)  Setting up your own private little world is easy, and you always have the option of inviting others later.   And I have to say, it's in a much more complete state than I first thought it would be.  Really fully playable, just waiting for more content.  Really glad I checked it out!"
76561198015455850,Recommended,280790,15274952,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,OneFlaw,"Very awesome game. Kind of like Minecraft but it has plenty of different things to make it not minecraft. I think It's better overall, I own both games. Wish they implement a weather system tho, the only thing It's really missing.But the developers are VERY active and they said the game will be updated every 2 to 3 weeks. Awesome game!.EDIT: Also I must add, this game allows for better exploring than Minecraft. You can Teleport wherever you place your Teleport thing that all players have, this way you'll never really be Lost, and when you die you spawn there to.The game has a built in compass, very handy."
76561198052275056,Recommended,280790,14077780,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Green Chili,"I think I'm addicted. I've played this game for several hours and have found that I totally enjoy it!What do I like about the game:- Graphics are amazing- Familiarity from playing Minecraft for so many years- Crafting system is pretty cool- Creatures are awesome and cute too- Its simplicity (once you figure out how to play)What I don't like about the game (which I'm sure will be fixed eventually):- Getting started was a bit of a pain to figure out- Crouching was a bit confusing at first, but I ended up liking it- Not much else reallyI would recommend this game if you love open world/survival/build type games. Will this replace Minecraft for me? Yes."
76561198042196329,Recommended,280790,15973703,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Meeprs,"So far so good, I'm really enjoying the way the world fits together.  I can't wait until it releases, so I can get other friends to join in with me."
,Recommended,280790,13949941,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Decial10,"This game is sooooooooooooooooo FUUUUUUUUUNNNNThere's some problems when i put a chest and a forge next to each other i can't open the chestThere needs to be character customization. So far everyone looks like anthony from food battlemake more worlds,like you create 1 world then another then another, idk if you can do that i never tried yetThe last problem is there needs to be more weapons there's only 7 swords i think so hopefully they put more inBut other then that the game is beatiful"
,Recommended,280790,14289103,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kondrik,"This game is amazing.  My wife has never had any interest in any of the other games I've recorded for YouTube, but the first time I showed her Creativerse, she wanted to play it."
76561198096499353,Recommended,280790,13341395,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Peacekeeper313,Great game.As it's Early Access Ton's of fun.
76561198134800304,Recommended,280790,13672382,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,beeson_conner,i cant play  in this game because i keep getting disconnected but i recommend it
,Recommended,280790,12099249,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,coach max,i very much like this gameits similar to minecraft but its worth trying however if ur hesitant to get it i would wait till it just goes free to play
76561198097337217,Not Recommended,280790,14927753,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kanoris,Wish I never bought this in all honesty..... I cant even read anything or get to the actual game itself. :/ How can you enjoy it if you cant even see where youre supposed to click at to start the game? :/
,Recommended,280790,15410431,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,BrianBeaz,been waiting on a game like this.. buy it
76561198010390447,Recommended,280790,15458689,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,mournhold,Me approve this game. Five paws up.
76561198164329199,Recommended,280790,14790718,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,pokeherpro,"Just beautiful, very fun for a game thats not even released yet.Love everything about it.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,280790,14950877,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,YungDevy™,"I went into this game think this was going to be another Minecraft clone. While this does have the same Voxel styled environment, the music, the art, the playstyle, and the overall feel to it SURPASSES minecraft. The amount of things you can do, the different kinds of ore, and the special and intricate way you discover and craft recipes is what makes this game fun to play either by yourself, or with friends.Cant wait to see what this game will become."
,Recommended,280790,15192887,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,liam.luigi,"at first i wasnt too sure if i should get this game now, or wait until it becomes F2P, but i decided in the end i would get it now, and, its a pretty neat game! i love the cartoony style textures and boucy enimies/animals, but the thing i love the most is the fact that to make a server, all you have to do is create a world, although i dont have any other friends playing it now, i know that alot of them will get this game when it becomes f2p, and im really exited to play with them."
,Recommended,280790,15344374,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BillyR,This is a great voxel style game. A bit more polished and much better looking than other 'popular' block mining games. Very playable and still in early development. Recommended now if you would like to help fund development or you can wait for release as the game will be free to play once it is completed.
76561198131845335,Recommended,280790,15564976,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Dragon,"I love this game it is a great alpha game. Even though it is similar to minecraft ,it still is a great game. Me and my friend have been playing it for close to 3 days now. We havent even found a fraction of what the game has to offer. I would rate this 7 out of 10. It's a great game but there are some glitches. If you want to play with us join our server. The name is bloodthunderpack. The more people who play on the server the better."
76561198165469598,Recommended,280790,15745351,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,FrankIsMyPetCreature,This is a really good gameTHESE ARE DA REASONS1.The graffics are really smooth-232893829389. it is a bit laggy2.it is fun3. it is a good game
,Not Recommended,280790,20563035,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Doe,THATS NOT FAIR!!!Pay I Had To Pay For This Game To Play It!AND NOW ITS FREE!!BULLCRAP!!!
,Recommended,280790,15305260,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Me And Myself,"For me,this game is what minecraft should have evolved into,versus the over modded crap it is today.Don't get me wrong,i still enjoy it,however,i enjoy this far more!Now that r14 is out,the epic has increased to a new level.Crafting/survival/building...all are here and there are countless hours awaiting you in Creativerse! 100/10https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbEwbDdIZZyWCYp2tuT89je8561bYHQrd(My Creativerse playlist)****would like to see a linux version of this!****"
,Recommended,280790,29494015,Posted: 25 January,all,△ Gucci △,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,280790,29987812,Posted: 17 February,all,AirMike,"I honestly didn't like it, I would rather play Minecraft, which is better. I am not saying it's not a good game, but for me if I compare it to it's original idea(Minecraft) it is really bad. It's free, so your choice to play it."
,Not Recommended,280790,29405246,Posted: 21 January,all,HypN,"The worst enemy of you in this game is falling :/No mob can kill me but fu*king fall damage kills me instantlyThe game is boring and not funny at all, even with friendsRecommend buying any other Survival3/10"
,Recommended,280790,14903808,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,✪Vegas,"For the few hours that I've played this game, I've concluded that it is definitely something you should dedicate a few hours to as you get hooked easily. It has a very extensive loot and crafting recipe system, atmospheric adventuring, creatively designed creaturs, and a general exploration that caters to anyone with a creative mind. Gives me all the fun of Minecraft with the twist of something new all in one colorful package.All with a general sci-fi twist to it. Very tasteful very subtle.10/10. Would bang."
76561198052720558,Recommended,280790,15611429,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Tanakomi,"This game is very fun but I wish there was a way to see the stuff you can ger recipies for or something, like on Minecraft with the creative mode."
,Recommended,280790,16079372,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Soldier,"Creativerse, hmmI Spent three days mining resourcesjust to find outmy house vanished100/10 Would Rebuild Again -.- but reallyWhat The Hell?anyways creativerse is a fun open world sandbox gameyou can mine a 40x40 hole if ya want to!the world is yours (and maybe your friends aswell )"
76561198022553419,Recommended,280790,15246987,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ashbasher,"Im just wondering since playing for a little bit, is there a way to pass the night?"
76561198189369297,Not Recommended,280790,29465159,Posted: 24 January,all,Robzord,its a bit pants
76561198284888767,Recommended,280790,29783941,Posted: 8 February,all,World,"Your game sucks, jk didnt really play it that much but still."
,Not Recommended,280790,29483004,Posted: 25 January,all,KiLLER HiGH,"♥♥♥♥♥Minecraft clone like all the others, no mods, terrible gameplay.Please just pirate minecraft if you are so greedy about 20 bucks.Not to mention the always-online requirement."
76561198066615973,Not Recommended,280790,30227527,Posted: 27 February,all,Arkreiner,"found it too annoying and difficult to get just standard resources like magnetite. Chests need to hold more, the standard wood holds 24, stone held 28, this was not a big jump at all. too many resources obtained with not enough space inthe beginning unles you want about 30 wood chests"
76561197976935351,Recommended,280790,12275435,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Angeldina,Love it :D
,Recommended,280790,13950429,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Coyote,"One of the best games ive ever played and btw truly a gret game, i was blown away from the next gen grafics, and next gen engines. the gamplay is so smooth it feels like a stick of butter in a hot shower, simmply lovely and exilerated too play, i rat tjis game 7.34 out of 7"
76561198043073709,Not Recommended,280790,29464619,Posted: 24 January,all,DaedaliusRE,- Downloaded the game- Game wouldn't start because of antivirus/firewall problems- made a exception in my antivirus program- Game still won't load- Other games can manage this crap without annoying the hell out of the players but this game doesn'tAint nobody got time for that
76561197991656745,Not Recommended,280790,18442886,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,papa_smurf,"I have played this game alot.It doesnt worth the 20 euros i have spent on it,because it has the Free To Play mentallity in everything you are doing.Even when you plot the grass you have to wait for a few seconds.Levels are boring , game is becoming more and more demanding on things you need to create stuff.This is a minecraft clone hidden in good graphics and excellent sound effects.I wouldn't bother with it, minecraft is much much better."
,Not Recommended,280790,14927294,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Incend,Looks fun until you buy it.
76561198124547694,Recommended,280790,13816651,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MietiGiochi,my word is unlogin
,Recommended,280790,15643635,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,colshop,It is the best game i have ever palyed and i have palyed alot of games
,Recommended,280790,15118658,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Raynate2022,This is like Minecraft in may ways. It feels just different enough to make it very fresh. The mining and crafting is done very well. The combat is super simple and fun. Co op works very well. I can't recommend this game enough.
76561198131499128,Recommended,280790,15617921,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,LordNeous,Simply Amazing! Keep the great new updates a comming!
,Recommended,280790,14912062,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Andreas,"Hallo miteinander,ich/wir suchen noch Mitspieler für unseren Server. Wir, jederzeit in Skpye, wenn wir spielen, würden ""Dich"" aber vorher mal kennenlernen.Addet mich einfach als Freund!"
76561198128524675,Recommended,280790,15330753,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,EvilMethos666,"It's a good game. If you can get past all of the issues that a lot of Multiplayer games are having. Game Engines, Server Issues, Tech Issues... You name the issue, and a MP Game will more than likely have it. I have to knock my old rating for this down, because of the issues.Constant Crashes, and the fact that you have to be connected to the internet now in order to play has made this game fall a bit.I still recommend it, I'm just so jaded about Multiplayer Games that it's not even funny.5.0 out of 10 now."
76561198242688784,Not Recommended,280790,29784727,Posted: 8 February,all,DaScreamingSausage,"This game was so ♥♥♥♥ing good...And it WAS good before the update that ruined everythingAnyways,Before:10000000/10After:-100000000/10Do not recommend"
,Recommended,280790,29638240,Posted: 1 February,all,I don't like Ben10 anymore101,COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!
76561198207751424,Not Recommended,280790,29708238,Posted: 4 February,all,LtsAzra,this game sucks it wont load in any of the chunks and it wont work at all i  do not recommend this game
,Recommended,280790,25862469,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cal Naughton Jr.,lol
76561198048628640,Recommended,280790,14712420,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lelouch,"Before you read the below review, please keep in mind this game is still in Early Access, and while it may be f2p on release, I definitely think the game is worth 20 bucks as it stands right now, patch R12.For those of you comparing this game to Minecraft:-Better graphics-Better gameplay-Better enemy and passive mobs-Better crafting system-Better item sets and a larger selection of different blocks and resources-Better pretty much everythingI spent a long time playing Minecraft, even with mods and texture packs, and I can solidly say that this game is considerably better, as well as cheaper.  I played Minecraft in its alpha stages as well, and to say that this game in more or less alpha/beta stages crushes MC as it is now, means a lot.  Just about the only thing I miss is that there's no ""Creative"" mode.Instead of buying yourself dinner, buy this game.  I promise you'll have more fun, and you don't have to poo it out later. ;)Minecraft did it FIRST, Creativerse did it BETTER."
76561198355123240,Not Recommended,280790,29492307,Posted: 25 January,all,fus7,not close to Minecraft... grapichs ok but no soul. mob animations are broken so almost impossible to kite even a crab. Control is also not friendly.
76561198119642640,Recommended,280790,15560926,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,NoobsAreUs,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Recommended,280790,15192162,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Blueant,Really nice to finally have another option to minecraft. Its easy to pick up and has a lot of nice features that make this game its own. It may look like its another minecraft game but you will find yourself getting hooked as you unlock new recipes by finding new materials. It has a lot of nice options for making a nice looking house and rewards exploration with chests and new enemies to fight.Highly worth a go
76561198206080616,Recommended,280790,15361874,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Frozensnapses,"I love creativerse, there's so much you can do, it does a lot of bugs right now but they will get sorted out, graphic are pretty good for sandbox games."
,Not Recommended,280790,29493800,Posted: 25 January,all,PickleRICK,There was not many options for characters. And why invest so much when the description even says Massive customization?
,Not Recommended,280790,29703730,Posted: 4 February,all,Captain Mario,SUCKS LIKE MINECRAFT RIPOFF
,Recommended,280790,12318171,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,I like the game. Finally a game with good graphic block building. Runs real smooth. I like the animations and the enemies to fight. These guys got the right idea.
76561198085505283,Not Recommended,280790,14647556,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lord_Bloodoath,"I was convinced when I saw the high numbers in positive feedback to the game. I purchased the beta to give it a try and I cannot be more disappointed. This feels like a modified version of Minecraft. The roots of ""Minecraft"" is there.Here is a list of characteristics that the game shares with Minecraft and my comments on it.* The Artwork - The textures on the items are extremely similar to Minecraft. For example, the grass block. The grass block in Minecraft has around 90% dirt texture and the 10% is grass.* The world - The world is made out of cubes! World generation is quite similar too. From what have I seen so far, the biomes are presented in both games. Grass plains, Oak forests, pine forests, caves, mesas, deserts etc.* Objective - Survive* Gathering: Woodcutting, Excavation, Mining* Items - Some items are extremely similar to Minecraft, if not, the same. Of course some could argue that they are generic but they have the same functionality and it being in the same genre too just makes it worse. When I looted Gunpowder and TNT, it started swaying me away even more. The type of items also contributes to* Mobs - During the day, the mobs are passive. During the night, aggressive mobs come out. In darker areas like caves, there are more aggressive monsters.* Items are stored in both the inventory and the action bar* The action bar has the same exact mechanism as Minecraft does. You scroll on your mouse to get from 1-10 or press on the number. To use the item, you select the tab and click.* Build/Break - To break blocks, you left click, to place blocks you right click.* Similar Particle Effects like bubbles in water* Swimming - If you stay underwater for too long, a bubble icon will appear to represent that you are drowning.* Energy and Health Bar - These are the 2 bars presented in Minecraft as well.I am sure that there is a lot more things that I have not listed. To conclude this review, I really do regret spending my money on this beta. It is a good thing that this game will be free to play as it is certainly not worth paying for. This is not an original game. There are no ""wow factors"", there is nothing distinctive about this game. There is nothing that's not seen before and it's just another Minecraft clone."
76561198008315815,Recommended,280790,14888828,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GECCO,"Just awesome Game, i hope the Devs keep going ;)"
,Recommended,280790,14284560,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,WAKA,This makes minecraft seem as if it was made in 1971
76561198127962834,Not Recommended,280790,29705894,Posted: 4 February,all,xample,"Oh man is this piece of garbage a mistake, glitches everywhere, even for a game in development. Ads poping up left and right. Complete rip off of minecraft. Total mistake."
76561198273773053,Not Recommended,280790,29903713,Posted: 13 February,all,nick,its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ minecarft clone that locks away fetures that costs as much as minecraft would get that instead
76561198271293393,Not Recommended,280790,29400804,Posted: 21 January,all,ajazak293,pay to win :/
,Not Recommended,280790,29863001,Posted: 11 February,all,MrEdinLaw,"Its simply a ripoff from Minecraft.The gameplay isn't so bad i would give it a6/10 (GamePlay).TheGraphics 7/10, its a block game and its not so bad.At the first moment when u spawn its like minecraft just start blocking around.The block harvest animation is a bit bade made and isn't suitable for everyone. Firstly because its bugging when u move and harvest and secondly its bcuz it doesn't acctually show you when the harvest is done so its a frustration to know when its done and move on to the next block.Another problem is thePRO VERSION UNLOCKwhich is being required for the game tobe fun."
76561198161952292,Not Recommended,280790,29635758,Posted: 1 February,all,Ik.,Its a terrible game! It is like a free mobile game thats puts ads in there games. HORRIBLE
76561198088456350,Recommended,280790,15215676,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,↳The Big Guy↲ [IL],good game very recommend for all
76561198210236453,Not Recommended,280790,29946963,Posted: 15 February,all,El Chaso,Minecrafts better
76561198067166090,Not Recommended,280790,29856169,Posted: 11 February,all,Phat Dumas,This game sucks
76561198263119600,Not Recommended,280790,29493048,Posted: 25 January,all,netherpig756,this is probably the dumb game i have ever played
,Recommended,280790,13011297,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,patgal5492,I'm really liking this game so far. Very polished and pretty with exellent music.Lots of interesting items at build and extra recipes to find.It has some issues (like rarely disappearing landscape and death containers being inside of blocks at times) but nothing game breakiog.
,Not Recommended,280790,29790260,Posted: 8 February,all,legit,"welcome to review of game create a verse thanks no problem_now to main part, this game good as hell i promise bcuz u know that bit in futurama when tv has frog on page and everyone turns stoned ye me too it like that ok but with alot of block instead !bam margera will approve cuz when he go onto jackass he shout ow that hurt dude but actually he is just pranked u all 2 easy lol noobs he do what he wants nerds!!!basically i am tell u this game make ur pc sound like tractor in no time goodbyeby legit professional game reviewer"
,Not Recommended,280790,29495859,Posted: 25 January,all,pebble225,This is a very boring ripoff of Minecraft from what I have seen in the game.
,Not Recommended,280790,29953352,Posted: 15 February,all,♥ nyro,"that look like minecraft but a lot more difficult.i already didnt like minecraft and its not that game who gonna change my mind.but if you guys like minecraft or survival game, you should play that game"
,Not Recommended,280790,29570053,Posted: 29 January,all,Seveirin,"Nice game, but the developers can't even use a and an correctly. ""[Player] has created a Extractor."" This♥♥♥♥♥♥just irritates me. A and an is the easiest."
76561198357644413,Not Recommended,280790,30201928,Posted: 26 February,all,larisamckenna,DO NOT BUY JUST KEPT CLOSING OUT DOES NOT WORK!!!
76561198258348762,Recommended,280790,30038488,Posted: 19 February,all,Jadon,___?Sexy?_____?Sexy?Sexy___?Sexy?Sexy?R___?Sexy?Sexy?R__?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Se_?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy??Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Se?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sex_?Sexy?__?Sexy?Sexy?Sex___?Sex____?Sexy?Sexy?___?Sex_____?Sexy?Sexy___?Sex_____?Sexy?Sexy____?Sex____?Sexy?Sexy_____?Se____?Sexy?Sex______?Se__?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sex________?Sexy?Sexy?Sex_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy?R________?Sexy?Sexy____?Sexy?Sexy?Se_________?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?Sexy?_________?Sexy?Se_____?Sexy?Sexy?_________?Sexy?R____?Sexy?Sexy_________?Sexy?R_?Sexy?Sexy________?Sexy?Sexy?Sexy________?Sexy?Sexy?R________?Sexy?Sexy_______?Sexy?Se_______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy?______?Sexy______?Sexy_______?Sex_______?Sex_______?Sex______?Sexy?
,Not Recommended,280790,29552622,Posted: 28 January,all,Decay,Reminds me of a game I played before... Hmm whats it called? Oh yeah. Minecraft.
,Not Recommended,280790,29862971,Posted: 11 February,all,Rikkavelan,i have mental issues
,Not Recommended,280790,29909487,Posted: 13 February,all,CaseysBoy,kinda♥♥♥♥♥
76561198081263375,Not Recommended,280790,31670825,Posted: 10 May,all,Werewo1f101,♥♥♥♥♥game dont wast yor tim
,Not Recommended,280790,31651565,Posted: 9 May,all,neutronenstern,How could I ever be tricked into spending money for a now F2P game that includes microtransactions... what a fraud.
76561198137828769,Not Recommended,280790,29924065,Posted: 14 February,all,TheAutisticGamer,after downloading this game my computer got a virus
76561198048531955,Not Recommended,280790,30127989,Posted: 23 February,all,Wolfe,"This ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥did a rollback to my world, it ♥♥♥♥ed me so hard that i can't even sit."
76561198320996456,Not Recommended,280790,30107631,Posted: 22 February,all,Woombark,So boring
,Not Recommended,280790,29685272,Posted: 3 February,all,Davewinnklemen,Mein
76561198326359516,Not Recommended,280790,29806554,Posted: 9 February,all,Tiьêrius,Copy of Minecraft but harder
76561198037943403,Not Recommended,280790,29686101,Posted: 3 February,all,Selendis,neh
,Not Recommended,280790,29508003,Posted: 26 January,all,loganswagg77,Can be boring after awhileAnd was more fun before pro
,Not Recommended,280790,30038023,Posted: 19 February,all,killlo™ 4hunnid,I havent played a ♥♥♥♥♥ier game in a while.
,Not Recommended,280790,29637164,Posted: 1 February,all,ShamHam!,"I dont like this minecraft ""Joke"" and dont hate on me its my opinion."
76561198132087498,Not Recommended,280790,29959803,Posted: 16 February,all,TakeThat500,i hate this game
76561198051496680,Recommended,280790,12961729,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,jhand1972,everything i expected....very fun to play. i love the exploration part of the game play.
76561198209635073,Not Recommended,280790,29609314,Posted: 31 January,all,shark,i dont like this game
,Not Recommended,280790,30052243,Posted: 19 February,all,Chloe Price,♥♥♥♥♥Copy of minecraft for poor people
,Recommended,280790,12715407,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Evisikar,"This game has gone through many changes since it first hit the Steam store.  I personally have grown with it and have had many ups and downs with...However, The one thing keeping me coming back is the developers with communication on all fronts starting with updates, to feedback, to concerns, to suggestions.  ALL are answered in one form or another and all are taken into consideration.THIS is why I will continue to play and support PLAYFUL!!!Thank you,Evisikar"
76561198036034706,Recommended,280790,12992083,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,omegasyndrome,10/10 Epic game that continues to grow with an excellent community and friendly devs all in all the perfect game!highly recommend to play!
76561198083117362,Recommended,280790,12765689,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,User Not Found,"Edited for more recent version. Not (entirely) a Minecraft clone! Something to keep in mind is that the full release  is intended to be free to play.First thing i notice is the biome layout. The biomes are beautiful. They have their own sense of life, and I respect and admire someone that can bring that out in the way these artists have.Next, is the combat. Each animal in the game has its own style of fighting, so it takes a little getting used to. However, this is not a bad thing! A little variety makes you think about what you're doing before engaging (until you become used to the wildlife in your area).Finally is the artistic style of the game. It has many different feels to it as you flow from biome to biome, seeing people in their houses, looking at the different types of materials able to be crafted from a particular biome's resources, and trying to fit these together with wildlife give the game a sense of ""fresh air"" when you find the place and the group right for you on a server, or even in single player. This game opened up a world of mystery for me once I actually dove in, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. 8.5/10 for now, and may be bumped up as updates come."
76561198030058890,Not Recommended,280790,30103808,Posted: 22 February,all,mixalis45,BAD
76561198127116450,Recommended,280790,12787989,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,-eNuF-ParoXitiC-,"One of the best early access games I have played. I will update my review as I play more. A lot of the things I mention in my ""like to see"" list may already be in the game I just haven't gotten to them yet.  If this game continues on the path that it is then it will easily out do MineCraft. Of course there are a few bugs and not a lot of content due to it being early access.Some things I would like to see in the future would be, Interactive NPC, transportation(wings,jet packs,etc) magic/spells, ranged weapons, Enchanting, more in depth alchemy such as poison to apply to weapons etc, more things to craft like in MineCraft (Mining carts/tracks, huge amounts of cosmetic housing items), maybe the chance to unlock better weapons by defeating certain bosses.One thing I did not like, I built a ""staircase"" one block at a time out of the mud,stone,etc as my mining shaft and instead of just being able to run back up my ""stairs"" I had to jump over and over which was very annoying. I wish you could build your house and furniture out of mushroom somehow like in Terraria. Over all though I love this game and my dream would for it to be a combination of Terraria and MineCraft lol. Sorry to compare it to other games but that will happen because it is in the same genre."
76561198148787865,Recommended,280790,12614031,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,novagoth,"After playing Minecraft for awhile now iits getting pretty stale. Along comes Creativerse and WOW what a diffrence. The Concept is basically the same but i see alot of great things i wished i had seen in Minecraft. Creativerse brings an updated look but a diffrent feel that is quite pleasing. better graphics, uniques monsters and crafting system. This is a welcome break from other sandbox games.If your an addicted Minecraft player try this. youll be telling yourself why didnt Minecraft do this?Its refreshing, Fun, and Highly addictive.The Devs are doing great stuff and i look forward to playing tis geme for years to come."
,Not Recommended,280790,31690102,Posted: 11 May,all,...,"Pfft. Disgusting. Bought this when it cost money but never played it neither was i able to refund it beacuse of steam. Just awfull. Minecraft clone, i demand my money back. Dont get this dog♥♥♥♥♥♥0/10"
,Not Recommended,280790,30047679,Posted: 19 February,all,destiny,the creators should kill them selfs
76561198082283083,Recommended,280790,19057027,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,IronMan☣︻芫==-☣,"I don't agree that, that now the game is free beacouse I payd money for the game and its not fair for the gamers who also payed money for this game!!!!! please do something with that..."
,Recommended,280790,18980285,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Chavyboi,Great game love playing for hours at a time. I recommend
76561198102780389,Recommended,280790,19059891,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,RimRot,"Great game, many unique aspects that make this a must play."
,Recommended,280790,19427955,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ged,More blueprints please. Please. Please please. Pretty please? Thanks I know you will :)
76561197987414906,Recommended,280790,18629043,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,theguyB,"awesome game, i hope it keeps getting better :)"
76561198100362071,Recommended,280790,19661927,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mrs.sgt.obrien (MOS- Army Wife),"Entertaining and easy to play.  It is much slower paced than most of the other games I play, and that is a nice, welcome change.  Not every game nor gaming experience needs to be fast, loud, and driven by the quest to get the best weapons, best armor, best mods, etc.  I play this when I want something calm, relaxing, and easy on my hands, yet still want to game.  It does the trick and does it well.  Great game already, even in the early access stage.  Can't wait to see what the devs have in store."
76561198045928614,Recommended,280790,20659287,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,nopphong,"review at R27 sorry for my bad englishi am fan of minecraft and still find this game interesting it not just another minecraft clone.For me it far better graphic when you are in the forest you will feel like you are really in forest.The giant tree is really good when you are on itThe battle is fun.the teleport is very convenient especially when you try to explore huge world and have to return home before get dark.You can teleport back and come again in the morning.And it free!! it really free it no need to pay to win.(But i am supporter so i buy it before it become free)  You just pay for extra recipe and blue print and that really optional.server is good no lag.Hay it sound good but why i not recommend this game?The Con of this game that make this game very borring when you play for some time is......The mining cell that you have to use it to dig around when you go deeper you have to use better mining cell and it ingredient is very hard to find ""really really hard to find i mean it""In siltstone layer you have to use obsidian mining cell to dig around and it made of obsidian that you have to dig around in bedrock layer.And i dig around more than half hour and not get obsidian enough to made one cell.And that not all obsidian need to craft other thing too(extractor for example)  that mean you will need alot of obsidian and it too rare.you will need a lot of time and patient to get enough meterial to go to next layer.And it will worsen because next layer need iron and it rare and you need to hunt monster to craft cell and you will ruin you armor........go back to dig obsidian to craft armor again.In minecraft you only need special pick to dig special block.Imagine that you play minecraft and need to dig around with gold pick not just stone pick? (i know there is no gold pick in minecraft i just said it the same rarerity)enough i give up i dont have that much time to dig around and rarely get ingredient.will write new review if this problem fixedthank for reading"
,Recommended,280790,21986508,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,de_Logan,I bought this game when it costed money because I had seen a few videos on it but never wanted to pick it up because I knew it would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥so when I finally got it I played for 4 hours and found out I would rather be snorting granny queefs than playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥so I asked for a refund and steam must have thought the same of the game because after 1 months and 4 hours play time they still refunded me thanks Valve
,Recommended,280790,22332292,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,🇺🇦☠КГБ-KGB☠🇺🇦,WANT VR SUPPORT
76561198032582216,Recommended,280790,22309749,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Stiuck007,"Another like minecraft game, Its fun if you never played minecraft and its got unique items and beasts unlike Minecraft.I enjoyed a few hundred hours."
,Recommended,280790,27898261,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kyagos,"Still an early access game but hell this world and its inhabitans are beautiful and cute!If you want to compare it to minecraft your basic tools are gloves on different materials able to mine different tiers of materials. You can create other blocks on working stations, you unlock materials by finding either scrolls or building items. You can build armor and weapons (sword) on same tiers as you build your gloves.Building is pretty easy since you can see a ghost block before you place it on your wished position. If you detatch blocks they go straight into your inventory and never break. (Detected bug: sometimes an invisible block prevents from building)Animals vary in about 10 different kinds and each kind is different in each biom. Enemy animals are pretty strong at the beginning especially the unknown animal but if you create 100 health potions you will be fine.There is gentle fall damage, slime to bounce off (unexpected physics on slime) and a way to create teleporting stations with passwords.You can tame ANY animal there is and it belongs to you. It can't really help you on your journies but HEY! you can feed it and receive pretty rare materials.There is also herbalism implemented with everything but mushrooms and bee hives. It is basic but not really explained in the game - figuring it out is easy due the forum.Basically you create your own world and anybody can join you, you can also start your new world at anothers' world.Positive:+ Beautiful texture+ clear biomes+ cute animals+ clear difference in overworld, magma-layer and the deep depths+ good animations+ fluent game (good fps)+ good light/shadows+ got blueprint buildings you can purchase and build+ teleporting system is just awesome+ you can tameNegative:- fighting is not skillbased and just based on your weapon- sometimes got hickups (maybe my internet connection)- you don't know what you need to build to unlock new items- herbalism is basic and needs more explanation ingame- tamed animals' habits- no mod interface- World admin commands are limited (early access mate)Neutral:Could use more biomes and much more animalsNeeds a way to implement fanmade modifications (meshes, materials, animals, herbs, tools, functions for playing and the gamemode itself, etc)All in all I highly recommend this game for people liking to build, adventure and enjoying high quality textured world in peace with challenges at night. You cannot enjoy any story and it will be tough at the beginning. I recommend not rushing to highest armor and the deep depth since you will miss the fun and challenge of what awaits you in the world since no game is fun if you are overpowered. But it doesn't lack fun since building is an awesome thing.There is a shop in this game but I don't want to talk about it - don't need it since I bought this game."
,Recommended,280790,27897020,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,anonymus09,Great alternative to minecraft and much nicer!
,Recommended,280790,25266605,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DeathGameDev,"PrefaceAlright So. I initially came back to this game under the impression that I was being asked to pay the $19.99 feeagain, after having bought it previously. After a comment from the developer, I booted the game again to see that I was rewarded an ample amount of credits, along with the 'Pro' status. Admittedly I don't completely agree with the entire F2P concept(There's an explanation for that in the comments), I still believe this is a decent game. Now onto the review:Note - I experienced this game from both the original paid version, and the 'Pro' version of the F2P rerelease.The ReviewLet's be honest, it's a Minecraft clone.(Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.) However, it seems to add it's own universe and art style that strays from the pack with other clones. Nearly to a point of it being it's own game(Aside from the core mechanic, building with blocks). The gameplay feels nice, and more like I'm moving an actual person versus the sliding 1/2 height robot I control in most other free minecraft esque games I've played. The block destruction isn't new, however the tasteful animation of it seems to liven things up quite a bit. The combat does feel a bit stiff, however I've played several other games which feel the same, and hope it'll be improved upon in a later update. Overall this is a decent game, which doesn't necessarily bring much of anythingnewto the table, but still feels quite fun to play if you happen to be tired of Minecraft, or are looking for something with a more artistic look/feel.My RatingSectionn/10Gameplay5Graphics6.5Originality2The VerdictShould you play the F2P version?Yes, but only if you intend to use just one world, and be limited in some ways.Should I buy the 'Pro' DLC?Yes, but only if you enjoyed the base game. It simply extends upon it.(Or unlocks what should've already been unlocked, depending on how you look at it."
76561198081205982,Recommended,280790,27115659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BenG,Great game with a lot of potencial. Develope imagination and creativity. Good for any age. Pretty sweet music background.
,Recommended,280790,27287526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vanelric,Great voxel based sandbox game with tons of different blocks.The game is updated every month and the developers bring many changes each time.Pro's:-The underground layers which add a RPG flavor to the game-The smooth textures-The fluidity of the movements-Real Free to Play-Blueprint systemCons:-Lack of furniture diversity-Difficult to illuminate large rooms-Block rotation somewhat impractical
,Recommended,280790,27351737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InHumanProdigy,"Been playing this game for over a year. Great game. Wonderful graphics. Devs are amazing, and updates are constant 10/10"
76561198017444783,Recommended,280790,21628341,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MyQuestion,10/10  create your  great world
,Recommended,280790,30922117,Posted: 3 April,all,Boogytron,"I have found this game to be a great change up from Minecraft. Not to take away from minecraft and all its glory, but this game is a wonderful building game. Very fun and somewhat unidue crafting menu that forces you to travel and to work at crafting to unlock better recipes. the ""adventures"" setup is really cool because it allows you to share so much with other people that share your interests and to show of some of your art. Love this game and definitley give this a huge thumbs up."
76561198052839637,Recommended,280790,21166165,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,adrianna.ak,"I love this game.Build stuff. Explore. Tame adorable creatures. Farm. Graphics are very cute and interface is easy to use.Update: As someone who bought the game when it first came out, I got the pro version automatically.I would have gladly given them more of my money. The new world options are great - altering gravity, determining how many creatures spawn, how ""easy"" or ""hard"" the game is - it's really something. I look forward to seeing what they bring us with the next updates."
76561198050726986,Recommended,280790,22857449,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,bradohithere,good ftp game. i played for quite some time. my only issue is that ive unlocked everything and ran out of things i wanted to build in the game. i wish there where more monsters/boss battles/dungeons or temples or SOMETHING left for when i explore. i did not explore then entire cuz i felt there was no need to.
76561198056879588,Recommended,280790,22754302,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cicolluis,"pretty fun, though i wish i didnt pay 24$ for this game considering they changed the model to F2P a month after they sucked money from people,  but it seems thier jewery payed off as thier is a somewhat fun game under worthless lying devs.only now recommend trying this game as it is free with P2W concepts that i assure you will get steeper.Also this game is demanding and the min specs are not enough to run the game even near 30fps (just a heads up) so dont expect to play on a toaster or even a mid line gaming pc.well keep looking at the dev updates for the lies to keep you playing and enjoy yet another recycled game idea hammered into a pretty looking ♥♥♥♥♥tain :)"
76561198191633455,Recommended,280790,22903562,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,LeavingHappiness,"I bought this game when it was still in development and even then it wasn't a let down. Once I had explored the entire world and had unlocked every last block, I quit the game for a while. After a few months of not playing, I decided to get back into it. It's really nice to see how much more they've added to the game! I would totally recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198014376384,Recommended,280790,22981965,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,WATG,"Excellent game, especially for F2P. There are a few things I find frustrating but in all its a fantastic game. I'm amazed its free."
76561197984053098,Recommended,280790,21106016,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,bumbolee,"Terrific game.  Tons of blocks to build with.  Combat with creatures is quite challenging at early levels, but far too easy once you get upgraded.  No game is perfect, but the Dev's are always on the forums and respond to almost anything.  Updates come every 3 to 4 weeks.  F2P and the items you can purchase are for decoration only.  Updates only make the game better and better and I always look forward to the next one hoping items from my wish list make the cut.  Looking forward to more/better creatures, a little more PVE action, maybe some in game buildings like the Minecraft villages or something.  But I will take this game over MC anyday and twice on Sunday."
76561198151917139,Recommended,280790,20861584,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,zidor,awsome!
76561198138452182,Recommended,280790,21945893,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Skoffin,"This was the first voxel game I have played, love how it feels and all the mechanics of the game. After putting a couple hundred hours in this I finally bought Minecraft, what a mistake. I can't understand how anyone would choose Minecraft over Creativerse. This games looks and feels so much better, especially being able to jump 2 blocks high, it's such a killer in Minecraft to only jump one. Only complaints are I would like to see a creative more more akin to the one in Minecraft, ability to use cheats, spawn resources, fly, etc. I hope that it is in development. But also this game is still in early access so there is sure going to be much more added. I also would like to see an offline mode, I'm moving to an area where there is no internet except unreliable cellular internet and a game like this will be difficult to play. This is a great game and it's now free, everyone interested in this genre should at least give it a try, it doesn't hurt. Wish the dev's the best of luck"
76561197993187896,Not Recommended,280790,22691917,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,EQ,"If you have never played minecraft with mods, this game is simply a better minecraft -- better in every way. If you have ever played Minecraft with any mods, this game is the worst minecraft ever.Sadly, I've played minecraft with mods."
76561198049405384,Recommended,280790,23085729,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,assassin726716,"Creativerse is an amazing game. It is a creative open world game which is similar to Minecraft, but a lot better. It is a good adventure and exploring game, which allows you to create your own world and customise it, and the fact that is FREE makes the game a lot more amazing, because it allows anyone to play it, not like other games where you have to pay for them or even buy a lot of things in game, which is not so cool. This game is worth trying and is not that type of game which is launched and then the developers forget about the game and you see an update once every 12 months. The developers of this game are working almost 24/7 to give us the best of the best for this game, and when an update comes out is not like a few bug fixes or anything like that. When an update comes out, it contains at least a few new in-game structures or blueprints or even new creatures or world environments. Trust me. I know, because I bought the game in the first month when it was released in Alpha version and I played it along the developing and I am telling you, that these guys are not messing around. They are the best of the best in what they do and thay will make everything possible, for us. So I recommand this game to anyone who wants some adventure and exploring in an open world, kinda like minecraft, game."
,Recommended,280790,23081660,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gemini90,This like Minecraft but way prettier. I love all the Vanilla Mobs and all the different blocks that you can get. I got Creativerse back when it was still costing money to join and am loving every update.
,Recommended,280790,23059964,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Erin Wynter,It...is...a nicer looking minecraft :P... But better
76561198061311808,Recommended,280790,25418320,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Christie,An upgrade to minecraft with alot more features!!!
,Recommended,280790,21025294,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,milomc123,Great game!!
76561198053085945,Recommended,280790,21349312,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Megu,great game its like minecraft with some changes
,Recommended,280790,23556554,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Kronos,"Great Game, a couple of minor things need to be fixed for the underwater base builders!!This game is amazing and I give it a 4\5.P.S. TOTTALY GET THE GAME"
76561198103908558,Recommended,280790,24093105,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,cannonball_k,looks good. feels good. plays good.
,Recommended,280790,24042936,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Makrov,"Game is good and simple so that you really should play this with your kids if you have any. This game doesn't have as many features as Minecraft, but it doesn't even need them."
76561198012514261,Recommended,280790,23901874,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Seisho,The game is good and fun but the new models for the players are ugly af
,Recommended,280790,24316586,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Azure,Good survival game.
,Recommended,280790,28095430,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,红懒龙,This game has huge potensial :)
76561198171368187,Recommended,280790,33040659,Posted: 30 June,all,Alpha_Build,Infinite voxel-based fun!
76561197992672671,Recommended,280790,30104137,Posted: 22 February,all,Smokedogg,"Must say this games not too bad, been playing a couple days went pro just to help out the devs. I started playing minecraft in alpha and can say this by far looks like it will be better, graphically and seems to run smooth. I have an old duo core 2.2 amd with 4gig ram and a 1 gig vid and i run on top settings no issues. Carious any mod support down the road? I had this for minecrafthttp://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding/minecraft-mods/1273842-tmc-ores-galores-update-coming-as-soon-as-mcp-andand always wanted to switch it to another game, just carious oh and 1 bug i found keeps setting my resolution to 1920x1080 no matter what i do every restart not a big deal just happened to notice it. But overall liking it so far keep up the good work. and if you need a texture guy let me know been on several dev teams and mods.and offline mode or lan would be nice down the road I seen your comment in regards to it, if the code works on multiplayer then it works singleplayer ftw most of the time lol :)"
,Recommended,280790,30074558,Posted: 21 February,all,Wiggles,A phenomenally better minecraft.The paid items are borderline irrelevant. I only bought them to support the devs.
76561198276826645,Recommended,280790,30076131,Posted: 21 February,all,Esano133,"Recommend it, though it does disconnect and lag sometimes. Worth giving a go, BEST experience with a friend"
,Recommended,280790,30085461,Posted: 21 February,all,Olav,"Really great game. I'm proud of being one of the Beta Supporters.I believe there should be some survival options, such as needs at least (food, water, sleep), when you setup a server. Also, they should try to make something out of that FOV, maybe talking with the crew of 7 Days to Die, they had the same issue and fixed it beautifully.Other than that, it's a really fun sandbox =)"
76561198271325015,Recommended,280790,30097884,Posted: 22 February,all,{MS} xxlolster92,i have been a player from this for almosta  year i know my hrs dont have much i played other things i realy like and wish it all its luck
76561198160291097,Recommended,280790,30017302,Posted: 18 February,all,Z lemons,"This game is AWSOME!!!there are elements of a lot of different games in this (ARK, Terraria, Minecraft) along with that it can be kinda scary adventuring in the unkown, there is almost no music in the caves, nothing but the scurying ok beasts...I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TIS GAME!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,280790,30001344,Posted: 17 February,all,cadiped,"not that into minecraft types... but Terraria, THAT game owns my soul. but graphically, stunning compared to mc."
,Recommended,280790,30009831,Posted: 18 February,all,PERFECT DAY FOR SAILING,"This game is awesome. Thought the graphics are a little ugly, (and I'm sure that will change) the atmosphere and music is perfect. The animations are cool, the exploration is pleasant, and the leaning curve is perfect. This game far better than (coff, coff) Minecraft, and the free version is fine. 10/10"
,Recommended,280790,29975913,Posted: 16 February,all,Kero Lannister,"This game is great. I still there are some bugs in this game that should have been resloved within the two years from its creation. For example, if you shut a door while standing in the doorframe, you get launched 300 ft. in the air, and die from fall damage. To be honest, I think this game is boring if you're playing on your own, but this is a great game if played with a party of friends.The trailer for this game is very underwhelming, and I was not excited when watching the trailer for this game after 32 hours of playing. The Pro status in this game costs $20, but it only makes you super op. The fun of this game is the satisfying progression and evolution of technology that you can experience by exploring new caves and biomes. The Pro status probably wont interest you until the endgame. Unfortunately, I dont think this game lasts very long. I spent nearly 32 hours( which isn't that much time ), and I've nearly reached the end of the game. The rest of the game is just creating infrastructure."
76561198107068737,Recommended,280790,29990284,Posted: 17 February,all,BM_Works,"Great game, great devs, great community, and unlimited potential."
,Recommended,280790,29989755,Posted: 17 February,all,Dars,Fantastic game. there is quite a bit to explore and the game centers around you being a builder in a world. amongst the sandbox games it is deffinetly top notch. while the game is free i suggest buying the pro pack. 7/10
76561198170126594,Recommended,280790,29995646,Posted: 17 February,all,Fgd1000,fun
76561198165594264,Recommended,280790,29994766,Posted: 17 February,all,They don't smuggle boats,great game
76561198318509328,Recommended,280790,29535300,Posted: 27 January,all,ScribeX,thats like minecraft!
76561198140747730,Recommended,280790,29540356,Posted: 28 January,all,Adam ツ,is the best game ever
,Recommended,280790,29540628,Posted: 28 January,all,ム CAVSIN7 ム [I am Jesus],This game is very fun when you play with friends :D
,Recommended,280790,29537520,Posted: 28 January,all,Mebeu,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,280790,29541691,Posted: 28 January,all,PKR,This game is lovely but it's missing a couple things like more weapons more creature and mounts. I want to be able to do and create more in a game thats name is creative.
,Recommended,280790,29407713,Posted: 21 January,all,Snae,"Pretty cool game if you want to play with your friends for free. Build massive decorated towns , explore , farm . bascily Minecraft with mods"
76561198344849121,Recommended,280790,29412517,Posted: 21 January,all,i suck dick but i have aids,Its confusing at first but its really easy after you build a stable house
,Recommended,280790,29521037,Posted: 27 January,all,✪Sneaky✪,its a cool game i like it but she need some mods i mean like minecraft skywars..... but i like it :D
76561198271999415,Recommended,280790,29494313,Posted: 25 January,all,conrad3000,so cool
,Recommended,280790,29484958,Posted: 25 January,all,Lady|Liempo,It's pretty fun! and the night sky is just to die for <3.
,Recommended,280790,29473199,Posted: 24 January,all,GoBlin,Great game which reminds me of the better version of Minecraft. In a way it's so far from being minecraft but still so close ya know? It's a great game for my let's plays though :)
76561198198055370,Recommended,280790,29626354,Posted: 1 February,all,oChad,This game is a pretty fun to play a lot like minecraft fun with people boring alone.
76561198062442096,Recommended,280790,29733904,Posted: 5 February,all,ericthered21,love it
76561198083530534,Recommended,280790,29732173,Posted: 5 February,all,Hoser313,pig slaughter simulator
76561198137894078,Recommended,280790,29737222,Posted: 6 February,all,Alpha Ghost 47,If you liked titles like dig deep then you will love this game. It requires a little more crafting to unlock other things in game and is great for free but just slightly better as a pro upgrade. Loads of variations of monsters and biomes aswell as your usual massive cave systems to explore it offers hours of fun to those who enjoy crafting and building in public or with friends. Community is really helpful too.
,Recommended,280790,29731168,Posted: 5 February,all,TheKillerFire,yes...just....just yes
,Recommended,280790,29731170,Posted: 5 February,all,VikingB,"It has too many fluffy things, what makes it boring to the botton sometimes, but the craft system seems smart, the gameplay mixing farming blocks and hunting monsters for resources are quite fun, but it needs more weapons =V I'M BORED of swords, aham, sr. The point is, this game has so many directions it can take that only the devs can specify, it is just very limitated and infantile at the momment.Ps: 10/10 would download an realistic skin and blood spill pixels for this game."
,Recommended,280790,29731495,Posted: 5 February,all,DoraTheBorderJumper,add pets like you can i have them but i wat to tame them!
76561198117500134,Recommended,280790,29777655,Posted: 8 February,all,belgarath73,this game is awesome and i would definetly recommend this game
76561198127148408,Recommended,280790,29790074,Posted: 8 February,all,2CamB,its ok. a mix of terraria and minecraft but once you get used to the controls its kinda fun
,Recommended,280790,29793645,Posted: 8 February,all,Danny Sexbang,"Ok. I don't want to rat on this game. It's a good game. Another Minecraft clone, but a good game. The only complaint I actually have about it, is that it gets boring after a while. I played it for about a week with some buddies of mine, and haven't touched it since. Either way, not bad. Rating? 6 hot dog dogs/ 10 hot dog dogs."
76561198068666773,Recommended,280790,29780647,Posted: 8 February,all,T R I G G E R E D,It's a nice building game. I like the graphic and the scifi 'ish touch to it. This game game has a big pottential. Hopefully they add more great stuff sooner like cool hitech machineries.
,Recommended,280790,29783005,Posted: 8 February,all,taufanaccre,"Overall this is good game for game with craft genre, even there are some bug and issues, but this still early access game so this is normal.Control and game feature is quite good. And plus you still can get full experience in game even you choose free mode (but it is better if you pick PRO mode, to support the developer) ."
,Recommended,280790,29438488,Posted: 22 January,all,King Kunta,"like the concept, but its kinda off somewhere in that part"
,Recommended,280790,29948906,Posted: 15 February,all,LindaVictoria95,"This game is great! I love the aspect of it as well as the creativity.  One of the things I'd like to see more of is blueprints. I think it'd be really cool if this game had a Steam Workshop feature, where people could upload blueprints of their own creations for people to subscribe to and create themselves. I also think more default blueprints should be added. The other thing I'd like to see more of is things to create in the craft menu in game. Overall, I really enjoy this game and these are just my thoughts. I definitely reccomend this game, especially since its free and you don't need to worry about getting money back if you don't like it. Thanks for taking the time to read my review!"
,Recommended,280790,29949455,Posted: 15 February,all,ツalexianisb ︻デ═--- cOius,minecraft 2.0
76561198054576882,Recommended,280790,29936495,Posted: 14 February,all,The Mighty Spookster,">be me>suggest to friends we play this>we play after a bit of convencing>build small house>Proud.jpg>go to get more resources>come back to house burning down>sad>rebuild>all better, new and improved infact>leave for more resources>come back to house burned down again>lightly salted.mov>rebuilds out of stone>proud.jpg>leave for resouces>come back to 40ft deep hole where house used to be>MAD.pngthe lession is that i need new friends"
,Recommended,280790,29858485,Posted: 11 February,all,<Diamond>,AMAZING
,Recommended,280790,29870842,Posted: 12 February,all,DemonVampire512,"Very interesting and also extremly enjoyable game.I admit I am a long time and avid player of minecraft and when finding this game i was intrigued.so with that said, I admit I was wishing for a new game or even a new improved minecraft to come aboutbut nothing really did it untill Discovering this game. I Immidiatly fell in love with it. after so much time playing minecraft I felt like i finally found a game i can move into and get away from minecraft. (( i admit i was getting board of it lol ))for the lot of you who have played minecraft and wish to find a game that brings a similar style of gameplaythen this game is worth the try. and i highly suggest getting the pro version. it really makes a diffrence.I Believe the best way to describe the feeling when playing this game after so much minecraft would be a nice breath of fresh air and a change of sceanery. it is at least for me a new twist on the style of survival that minecraft revolved around on.i can understand if this game could put someone off for seeming like its a minecraft copy, but to be honest this game has its own unique twist to this type of survival game in comparison to minecraft. ((to be fair its like saying something like... for instance a game is terrible just because it has built upon similar concepts. like comparing two different shooting games, platformers or fighting games and saying one or the other sucks simply becasue it was not the first one to do it...I do realise that opinion is everything, but dont knock a game just becasue its similar in the aspect of gameplay style... to be fair lots of games are similar. what matters is how the game changes or improves upon the style of gameplay))I have seen several other games try their hand at creating a game similar to minecraft and fail horribly. This game is a different story... and i can see myself finally moving away from minecraft to this game full of limitless possiblilities and creativity... and hope that others enjoy it as well.this game runs great and to be fair i feel like this one has far less bugs and glitches than minecraft did when it was in its infancy. and i can see a lot of potential in the future for it. i do hope this game grows in popularity and the developers continue to add and improve upon the aspects of this game.so with all that said...this is a wonderful game worthy of being the new #1 sandbox survival game out there."
76561197983073674,Recommended,280790,29871083,Posted: 12 February,all,Illmad,"I hate Free-to-Play games. With a passion.It might have more to do with them overflowing the market on app stores and popping up in sponsored ads everywhere, and from my experience they're always terrible. Some of the highest quality F2P games I've played is actually the 'Something-Something-Saga' series by 'You-know-who' Games, which all seem to be copied from the ol' Popcap puzzle game. Introduce payment-locked temporary powerups and extra lives, and before you know it some kid has emptied their parents' bank account while trying to get past the first level of the dificulty spike.I used to think all F2P games were...well, 'evil' for lack of better words. However, this game actually works. Everything you can buy is permanent as far as I know. The only thing I don't like is that the fact that it's F2P holds the game back from potential greatness.Creativerse, if you include all the content behind pay-walls as well, is like an improved version of Minecraft (as far as I see it at least. I know the creator doesn't necessarily like the comparisation, but it's impossible not to compare it with a game of building with cubes) and I mean Minecraft as the core vanilla game. The thing that makes Minecraft great is the modding community, but if you allow moding, then people could just mod in the content behind paywalls for free. For this reason, Creativerse will never be as big a success as MC, which is saddening because this is a great game which could be made even greater by modding.The way I would have done it, personally, is to have a demo version where you could not unlock equipment past tier 2. I've just gotten to tier 2, and at this point I've gotten to play enough that I know I'll not regret making the investment for the pro version. I wouldn't mind paying 10$ or so extra for the full version even though the 1000 coins already cover all the extra block sets I'd like to add, if only it meant no additional pay-walled content. I know people are going to disagree with me, but considering a lot of people are put off by the concept of in-app-purchases nowadays, it might even be a benefit.Nevertheless, I will recommend this game. It's fun, great visuals, and an overall nice quality over it. For a F2P it's bloody excellent. I'm just saying I think it could be greater if it wasn't.I really love the fact that your progression is treated like research. You have to do certain tasks like collecting items through either monster loot, foraging or crafting in order to unlock crafting recipes. I also like that you can craft items with great ease, although I don't get why I can craft an advanced machine instantly in my crafting menu, but a processor takes 20 seconds to make 8 wooden rods.Monster hunting is also a lot more entertaining than I expected. Kinda wish there were a bit more variation of hostile night monsters though, but otherwise I'm greatly enjoying this."
76561198219467713,Recommended,280790,29889011,Posted: 12 February,all,Godly Shotts,The game is fun and great to play. Has a lot of potenital to it with the crafting recipe system. Combat System is great and the different monsters/species on it is unique from most other survival building games. Plus its FREE.... Yes you heard me I said that its F R E E FREE! :)
,Recommended,280790,29865346,Posted: 11 February,all,| Domo,This game is one of the best games ive come upon ;) me and my friend played quite a bit and we're loving it!
76561198282751195,Recommended,280790,29742516,Posted: 6 February,all,Flacksy,coolllllllllll
76561198053653124,Recommended,280790,29953899,Posted: 15 February,all,Agrias Oaks,"Creativerse is a phenomenal game! It's a voxel building game. Similar to Minecraft, you are in a large blank slate of a world, you gather blocks, and build houses and structures.Creativerse is fun, pretty, and has a REALLY neat land claim system which allows you to claim land, and name it for you and your friends. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the genre or anyone who is looking for something to play with a friend!"
,Recommended,280790,29939104,Posted: 15 February,all,DanNepZen,free to play...... alot like mincraft ..... fun and free multiplayers.......and more monsters and fun building......what do you expect its a great game because its similar to mincraft and its free
,Recommended,280790,29832983,Posted: 10 February,all,CaLi,"Really well designed game with lots of things to do. Bought the pro version without hesitation. No glitches, whatsoever, found till now and made lots of friends. Definitely worth trying."
76561198176341163,Recommended,280790,29810005,Posted: 9 February,all,NunoMP,Good for Old Potato PCS
,Recommended,280790,29812576,Posted: 9 February,all,Shiro Haze,Tbh I love the game its addictive and fun well for me. the mobs are challenging but I just love a challenge. If steam had more Free to play games just like this I'd play. I love that i can craft/build/explore/survive all of it. Its more me and the normal games my cousin tries to get me addicted to.
76561197995657597,Recommended,280790,29845430,Posted: 11 February,all,barasawa,"It will always be compared to Minecraft, but I've had more fun in Creativerse."
76561198358417883,Recommended,280790,29846752,Posted: 11 February,all,Andrei Luca,good game
,Recommended,280790,29607397,Posted: 31 January,all,Pogo Stick,"I would like to just point out my current opinion of this game, I think it's great! Although, there are many things which lead me to wonder why they arn't in this game. I would like to see more progression based gameplay, I know the crafting has a progression system but I would like to see something more built off of it. The game gets very tiresome after a few hours because you keep doing the same things; building recipes and unlocking new stuff.The game is really fun dont get me wrong, it just needs more different things to do. For example, I would like to see huge structures in the world, structures that you can loot and maybe even build off of. I think this is very nessescary because it adds a new part to the game. Look at Minecraft for instance (sorry to compare), it has structures everywhere and makes the game a lot more fun and interesting.Another thing i would like to see is unlimited amounts of colours, maybe dyed wool/leather blocks that you can make by dying it in a new cauldron or something. I would like to see this because it just adds more creativity to the game.The game is really fun but it just needs a few more fun tweaks here and there to keep it viable in the long run. I found myself getting bored of the crafting system, It was just doing the same stuff over and over.I love the fact that its so easy to download and get straight into a world- for free! It's so easy to play with friends from all over the world, or the guy sat right next to you. This is the games strong point, and i can tell you right now this is what you wanted and boy did you succeed in doing so!I personally have played quite a bit of this game. I feel like it does what it should do if i am being honest. The graphics are great and the gameplay is pretty fun; in the short term.Another thing is the PvP/PvE in this game is horrible. It needs to be more skill based and fun. Maybe you can block with swords for instance for a short time, or maybe you have to wait to hit something or have to time it correctly. Another thing is there is not many long-ranged weapons, so I would like to see some importation of that too.You can trust me on this, if you take what I have said in consideration, your game will be more fun. I myself am a game developer and it makes me feel great love for this game when i see the developers responding to questions and taking in community ideas.If you would like to contact me message me on @Maxroblox777 on Twitter.Thanks- Max"
76561198201554350,Recommended,280790,30026712,Posted: 18 February,all,G-DAWG,Amazing game! it is awesome definately a game to get! The best part is... is that it's free!
,Recommended,280790,30025892,Posted: 18 February,all,Some DOod,"ITS PERFECT cause you can be creative. thats why its named "" creativwerse """
76561198191583891,Recommended,280790,30025966,Posted: 18 February,all,ZaidGameZ,Really good similar to Minecraft except it is to hard compared to Minecraft
76561198309334198,Recommended,280790,30023725,Posted: 18 February,all,my3games,"It is a great game if you like to build.  I like the blue prints, but don't always use everything in the kit.  You need to be patient when using blue prints because the buildings are usually very big.  I have found that it takes more land then I expected to need.  I play on peaceful because I don't like to worry about the mobs."
,Recommended,280790,30022430,Posted: 18 February,all,LaFaby (ง ❍ ╭∩╮ ❍ ),nice
76561198189947831,Recommended,280790,30020619,Posted: 18 February,all,Daryxz,mijto!
76561198127097128,Recommended,280790,30020882,Posted: 18 February,all,kittygamer the warrior,"this is lots of fun! but i do hope that a ""sandbox"" mode or ""creative mode "" will be made!"
76561198036687594,Recommended,280790,29955334,Posted: 15 February,all,Meatwad,"Pretty , Fun, Its like minecraft and feed the beast into one game.  Lots of little tricks to stay alive and just enough content to keep you occupied for a lil while longer. Some of the game is pay to have more blocks and stuff. But for the free user such as my self. Its still a great game. Get to build with diffrent types of blocks.  The fly function that i can see in game is. Its like gliders in minecraft. Good comunity as far as i can see. Overall I would like to give it a 7/10. Just needs more content  and some of the items you get can't craft as of yet."
76561198202443432,Recommended,280790,29921537,Posted: 14 February,all,rocketknockey,fun game almost like minecraft just much better building fun/logic
76561198351389970,Recommended,280790,29930986,Posted: 14 February,all,EvilBonnie,this game is awsome the gameplay is so cool but please add bows and guns
76561198337020647,Recommended,280790,29932278,Posted: 14 February,all,samurai103,"this gamr is super fun!!!! i love it! if ur seeing this come and join me my worlds name is""join the tibe!!"" join and be wecomed to my world!!! its huge!!!! I LOVE THIS GAME!! =)"
,Recommended,280790,29935072,Posted: 14 February,all,TrillaWay,"Creativerse? not super lit but its fun to♥♥♥♥♥♥around and like i always say, who in the hell downvotes a free game? you broke ♥♥♥♥s, at least be supportive to the devs who gifted it to you ya stingy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lmao."
,Recommended,280790,29914007,Posted: 13 February,all,123,"You can't argue that the first game that comes to mind here is ""Minecraft"". However, this game seems to trump minecraft in a lot of different aspects. Larger inventory, easier mining system, and a much different crafting system. The membership doesn't cost that much, so I can see how people would be able to afford it and enjoy it for what it is."
,Not Recommended,280790,29735007,Posted: 5 February,all,BrutalOffense,It's a free version of Minecraft. And therefore less fun. Too damn confusing.
76561198091775119,Recommended,280790,12133829,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kg,A real sense of exploration was never into building games but I love this game!
,Recommended,280790,31632744,Posted: 8 May,all,Pill Cosby,"I feel like I paid for this game, and now it's free?"
76561197970179466,Recommended,280790,31780401,Posted: 15 May,all,Dodge_This,"Free version is fun. Has limited thing to do. This is no way minecraft on steroid. Game clearly lacks any depth. You can play whole game for free -- no need to buy the ""micro transactions"".Don't expect much replay on solo -- if you plan to use it as creative mode maybe spend money to buy full version.Free version is good enough."
76561198043055800,Recommended,280790,31763516,Posted: 14 May,all,rurrik75,I didn't really know what I was getting into when I tried out this game but I am so happy that I took the time to try it out. By far this will be one of my go to games from now on. Definitely looking forward to playing more and making some videos for this one :D
76561197993595134,Recommended,280790,32051365,Posted: 29 May,all,Darkstar_IE,"Have played it on and off through development, and have to say the Devs have done a great job making a really good game. Basically like minecraft with a ton of extra stuff. Beautiful graphics, and great gameplay. You can easily lose hours on this game. Highly Recommended if you like this kind of game."
,Recommended,280790,32357139,Posted: 11 June,all,DevilZhand,"I have been playing this game for years. This game is fun and relaxing with the right settings. Or very challenging with a couple clicks. However you like to play you can find a setting for you. Playful keeps bringing out new content for us to build with and have shown their willingness to listen to the community on things that should and could be added. It takes some time to find a server, sometimes, that fits with you but when you find that server its great. I have been playing with Falconor on his server for some time now ""Falonors Adult Server"". Its for mature players and you need permition to build. Come and check out some of the builds there are on here. Ian has one of the biggest castles I have seen going up. Some of the other build are very inspiring. This game has provided me with hours of entertainment. I would recommend this game to anyone, very kid friendly, come and check it out, give it and honest go. You will not regret checking this game out."
76561198138181228,Recommended,280790,33843964,Posted: 27 July,all,MACSmovies,Awesome game. I got it free and upgraded. It was well worth the price to get the extras.
76561198098437553,Recommended,280790,33895737,Posted: 29 July,all,soo_unreal,"This game has come a very, very long way from when I funded the very beginning of early access. Its great to see this game doing well. Keep up the good work, team."
76561198007822217,Recommended,280790,33881823,Posted: 29 July,all,cordinia,"Creativerse is a fun game if you like building block type games.  The survival element is minimal given there is no food or water requirement, and the mobs are relatively docile unless you get too close.  The graphics are good, though there is a fair amount of pop-in at longer distances, and the music and sound fx are fine.  My main criticism is that there is no real push to explore the world.  Most materials can be found nearby or within a reasonable radius.  This is great if you just want to concentrate on the building aspect, but somehow it makes the world seem very small and lifeless.This game feels like it could be awesome with some modding and I am happy to see that the Steam Workshop is now being supported.  The developers have done a great job of creating a basic cake - now it seems up to the community to provide the icing.TL/DR - If you like crafting games with some light survival aspects, you should try this."
,Recommended,280790,34246331,Posted: 14 August,all,BuddhaCat,"A wonderful open world, multiplayer, crafting/building/survival game. An interesting spin on the the ""Minecraft-like Genre"", and Creativerse totally sets itself apart from all the rest out there. A wonderful community, great dev team who is passionate about their game and the community and lots and lots and lots of insanely awesome blocks/items that'll keep you busy for a long time! Oh... and you can put hats on your pets...8.5/10 - Can't wait to see what the devs do next!"
,Not Recommended,280790,30036360,Posted: 19 February,all,HCS_Halál Malac_csgolive.com,It's getting worse!
,Recommended,280790,34670202,Posted: 1 September,all,coldstone101,great game loved the building parts and the exploring the combat not so much
