user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197989528524,Not Recommended,280890,11319935,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dragon,"<edit - Update for release 1.5.  I give up, I don't think Ghostship Aftermath can be fixed to a playable state.  There are more issues being introduced than fixed.  I'm actually not certain that any of the issues I've logged have been addressed with anything other than condescenion or censor (screenshots of deleted threads below).This game is extraordinarily broken both technically and gameplay-wise Avoid. /edit><edit - response to developers comments:I'm glad you're still taking the time to respond, not a lot of developers do.  However you must remember I'm not a developer on Ghostship Aftermath and that I have no vested interest in seeing it succeed.  I have no desire to see it fail either - I do like the idea and want to play it.Pushing work out to the community is not going to garner the responses you'd like because you're going to be asked why - having paid for a product - must we now help fix it?Consider your comment ""confirm any Current issues in your review"".  That's a lot of work.  I don't want to spend hours reproducing the issues in my review - having been a professional game tester I'm well aware that that can be an arduous process.  The onus is on you - who sold me the product - to tell me exactly which issues have been fixed and the circumstances for which they've been fixed.Unfortunately the 1.1 update broke mouse inversion and at this is the point I edited my review to ""I give up"".  I hate playing with an un-inverted mouse.  Nevertheless I still played for about an hour more but noticed nothing obviously resolved.As it stands I believe my review is still current but that it's not my job to discover when it's not. /edit>First off, I actually quite like Ghostship Aftermath but I'm giving it a thumbs down because it's been released too early.Kenuty's review is pretty accurate and you should read it.  However for those - like myself - with shorter attention spans I'm going to briefly summarise the issues I had <edit - this has since become a fairly sizeable list, I've removed the suggested fixes to the Bug Reports pages as asked however as those bug reports have since been deleted you'll have to follow the imgur links to find them:Technical issuesImageGame-play issuesImageMinor issuesImage/edit>* View clips outside of the ship when jumping.* Couldn't go down a ramp in zero-gravity.* Stuck in the Storage A door and had to restart.* The screen jitters and jerks when I walk into objects.* 'F' for sprint?  And 'L' for light is hard to reach.* Escape ends the game without warning.* The players view 'sticks' when verically centered.* Stuck in HQ Window and had restart the checkpoint.* The lights stobe so fast I thought it was z-fighting.* Climbing stairs happens in nausea inducing hops.* I've never been able to change weapons.* Crouching doesn't seem to affect the players viewpoint.* Couldn't fire weapon after simulation stage.* Helmet light illuminates objects erratically.* Corpse shadows are cast where there are no corpses.* There is no pause button.* The map is too zomed in* Motion blurs the HUD even though it's relatively not moving.* It's not readily apparent what options are selected.* Controls locked up after dying including 'esacpe'.* Game crashes on exit.* Simulation door only half-opened once.* Reloading caused view to tilt right permanently once.* Helment light is pushed 'though' surfaces.* z-fighting in the intro movie.* Cold storage airlock wouldn't activate though online.* Resuming game after immiediately kills you again.* Stuck in a corpses head and had to restart.* Jumping forward causes the sprint bob animation.* Enemies can get stuck in doors and on boxes* Enemies sometimes attack when too far away.* Gun fires at a downward angle no matter where I aim.* Can no longer invert the mouse.* Some aliens seem to take no damage.* Intro cannot be skipped when starting a new game.* Alien animation 'snaps' between frames.I did think fairly hard about whether or not I should have posted this as a review or in the forums; but finally decided that the issues are big enough that someone considering buying Ghostship Aftermath should know about them."
,Not Recommended,280890,13049339,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kaein,"UPDATE: I played the game again and to see if there were any changes and was killed twice in utterly nonsense ways. Once by a noclipping stiffy mode zombie and another time because aliens and zombies dropped through a solid ceiling to land on top of me and swarmed mePros:*Solid AtmosphereThe sounds of metal creaking and the quiet breathing of your character as he runs is very intense and can give you a deep sense of immersion when nothing else is going on. You find yourself checking corners and worrying when the next enemy will pop up. Sounds will echo throughout the ship and have you looking around wondering what could possibly be doing that. Sometimes the ship will make no sounds and the silence itself then becomes eerie. Very well done.*Innovative DesignThe whole ""No playthrough is the same"" concept is really really cool. My first playthrough the ship's AI was very helpful and gave me weapons, warnings, and helped me detect enemies. My second playthrough the ship's AI was deranged and crazy and barred my way. My third playthrough the AI was completely dead and I had to go through the whole ship with no backup power or systems and many areas were closed off. That is just one storyline aspect that changes the game. There are hundreds of those kinds of things that make each playthrough unique and throw you curveballs as to what you expect.*Interesting WeaponsOkay so you have your standard rifles, pistols, and submachine guns. But with the fact that some weapons can replenish their ammo supply infinitely but take a long time to charge, and some weapons can reload fast, but magazines are limited, really changes the game. If you get down to a laser rifle and no other weapon you can probably do okay against a small group, but a large group could easily kill you because it only holds 80 shots and then it takes about 2 minutes to recharge. Minutes you really don't have. This really ramps up the difficulty and intensity of the game when the going gets rough and can make you have to strategize on the fly.*Decent StoryOkay so I know the story changes based on how the playthrough goes, but I really got into it when I started finding out why the ship was infested. Knowing what I know in one storyline adds a huge sidelight to the others, and makes the storyline fairly intriguing.Alright now time for the cons. =(Cons:*Erratic ControlsThey say it is controller compatible, but they kind of lie. The controller works, sure, but sometimes it won't sprint on controller anymore after certain storyline events. Sometimes your aim gets twitchy and wierd and you can't really lock on an enemy because your gun sight aims too far right if you even slightly tap right and too far left if you even slightly tap left basically forcing you to use the mouse and keyboard. Even after I switched I found it clunky and difficult to hit enemies even when they were right in front of me. Not good guys. This is 90% of the reason I died every time I did. Oh yeah and invert Y turns on when it wants. You don't get a choice in the matter.*Little to no Graphics settingsIts okay to make a polished game and all and I've got a decent computer, but I'm the type that will turn down the graphics even if I CAN run it on the best just so I can crank out a little bit more FPS. Thats kind of important to me, and I'm certain it would be more important to someone who is using a potato computer. The fact that you only have 2 resolutions, little to no particle effects options, and absolutely no bloom or dynamic lighting options really limits how people can customize their graphics to suit the game. Which leads me to my next point*NEEDS to be optimizedAlright, they are trying to make it look pretty but fact is that the graphics in this game are decent at best. But hey, its an indie game. Whatever gets the job done works you know? But come on guys, I can run Planetside 2 on high graphics with no lag and the same deal with Bioshock Infinite, Rage, Far Cry, ect. So I can play some games with high graphics and have little to no lag. Yet your game with meh graphics lags like a tired horse in a caravan the moment a large group of enemies shows up. This is rather irritating and can easily get you killed as that is the WORST time for the game to lag. I don't need pretty, I need playable. That is what is MOST important about a game and needs to be put on a higher priority.*Enemies move in glitchy movements, sometimes slide on surfaces.I was fighting some aliens and I jumped over some boxes and kept running. What does the alien do? It flips sideways in the air and slides THROUGH me to land in front of me and kill me. Um. What?Yeah that kind of garbage shouldn't happen. Its one thing if an alien crawls on the roof all scary like to jump in front or something like that. However, unless the alien is also a ghost, it shouldn't be phasing through objects and people. Many times aliens would appear out of an area I just cleared through the floor or something and attack and left me wondering wtf just happened. I died early game my first run because of that floor effect. Very frustrating I assure you. Especially when the enemies get trapped in the floor and run around underneath the map freaking you out by making attack sounds, which leads me to my next point.*Wierd glitched sound FXI killed some zombies and expected the sounds of them attacking to end. Nope. Kept hearing moaning all throughout Deck 4 until I left which made it hard to detect when other zombies attempted to attack me because I couldn't hear them. Sometimes enemies will make no noise and instead just soundlessly attack me while I shoot at them. Sometimes my guns would make no noise. Occasionally both gun and enemy sounds would be delayed and would happen all at once after I killed the last one. Yeah it was wierd and kinda broke the immersion. A game based on atmosphere needs sound to be top notch in order to really keep the player into the game.*Terrible, TERRIBLE voice actingLook, I know this is an indie title but there are plenty of talented voice actors out there. I've done voice acting work before, as have many of the people on newgrounds who are hurting for recognition and I'm absolutely certain you could find a guy who would be willing to work for free just to have his name out there. This guy you hired to be the foil for the main character is not an actor. As a matter of fact I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume he is a programmer who just is doing it because you guys needed one.When you first enter the ship he laughs this awful fake laugh like a million times that reminds me of Tommy Wiseau from The Room (Nothing should EVER remind me of that) and his line reading is both annoying and without much emotion or tone. The character he plays isn't much better considering he makes fun of you being in danger constantly and it made me want to hit him. I'm always happy when he shuts up even when he is giving me pertinent information because his false emotion and wooden acting hurt my ears to listen to.However, I will concede you this. I don't know if the AI is a programmed voice or a real person simulating one, but she is actually okay. She seems as robotic as she is supposed to be. Thats good. She isn't bad to listen to and whenever she gave me orders I was okay with listening to them, mostly because I didn't want to roll my eyes whenever her vocals played._-_-_-_-_-_So overall this game has some very good ideas and would have potential if there weren't so many things that hold it back. I wish you guys spent a lot more time fixing bugs on this game and making it playable, reducing clunkiness, and making the game have more actual gameplay to give you. If someone is looking to purchase this game, I'd reccomend they wait until version 2.0+ is out and then see where the game stands. Until then, this isn't really worth 12 bucks."
,Not Recommended,280890,14060945,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"So what is Ghostship Aftermath?It is basically somekind of a mix between the good old System Shock 2 and Dead Space. You play as some ""dude"" that has to board a ship where something ""good""? has happened. Oh I meant bad! Its always something bad happening! So once you do board, you gotta follow some directives from you partner and not long after, you get cutoff from him and some A.I. takes over the coms and directs you to a list of objectives. It all seems cool doesn't?I'll sum up the pros and cons so you can get a better overview and decide for yourself whether or not to get this game.PROS:+Solid Atmosphere (ships noise reminiscent of System Shock 2)+Cool Design concept (This is where the game shines the most: Every playthrough is different. At one pt, the A.I. can be helpful, the next pt it hinders your progress and on another pt, it can even be dead so you're all alone trying to figure out what to do).+Infinity ammo for weapons but takes time to recharge+Story is predictable but serviceable nonetheless. Some elements do change between each playthrough which keeps things interesting.+Price drop of the game. Kudos to the devs 'cause when I got this game, it was very overpriced.CONS:-Technical glitches (it says on the game page that this game release many patches concerning the pletora of bugs and glitches but it is still infested by them. On instances, I kept getting stucked on items and couldn't move. I saw enemies going through walls also.-Truly bad controls and aiming mecanism is very flawed (THIS IS MY MAIN GRIPE OVER THIS GAME: The aiming is very pathetic. Even when an enemy is right in front of you and aim at the head, you're missing the target anyway).-False controller support (It's mentioned that the is controller compatible, but they kind of lie. The controller works, sure, but sometimes it won't sprint on controller anymore after certain scripted event).-Weak graphical settings (Little to no graphical options. Only two resolutions available. No eye candy as you are used to in any modern games. Can't even change game settings when in-game. Also the visuals are quite bad, even on their aleged graphical patch. I know this is an indie game and its easy to pick negatively at the graphics. But honestly, the graphics could have really been more improved. At least, the game was playable on my end, compared to other gamers that seemed to have difficulty running the game).-Auto save only. Can't save the game manually.-Zombie sound glitch that can still be heard after you killed the zombie. Only way to make it stop was to quit and reload the game.-Same enemies throughout the whole game. Same twitchy movements and even walk/crawl through walls.-Mostly average and at times, terrible voice acting. (Granted this is an indie game but whoa, at times, it was really awful; especially the voice of your ally. The A.I. is quite fine by me though. It actually sounds like a computerized AI voice! Surely doesn't sound like SHODAN but it is decent!).OVERALL:This game has a good concept and some very good ideas. Sadly, many things hold it back. It is still a commendable work the developers did on this project and hopefully you guys can only improve on a potential sequel. I truly wish you up your game next time, especially on the glitches, bugs, voice acting and my biggest irritant, the poor aiming mechanism. The graphics can always get better and hopefully on a potential sequel, they'll be more optimized and up-to-date to modern gaming standards.RECOMMENDATION:I can't reccommend this game at this time. Cool concept but marred with inconsistencies, bugs and glitches. I did read on the reviews section of this game store page that Ghostship Aftermath did improved on the glitches and bugs so that is something to keep in mind. The devs are working on their project and that is noteworthy. Sadly, the game lost my attention with all the numerous cons I've mentioned earlier. The game did got a price drop recently but even so, I still wouldn't advise anyone to get this game. Wait up for a potential sequel when aspects of this game should (hopefully) be fixed by then.RATING:5.0 / 10PS. I do not own any VR equipment at the moment so I cannot comment on that matter here."
,Not Recommended,280890,11311735,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Truther,"The game could have been good for an indie release lots of potential but it was quickly hindered when encountering enemies :( they suck and the AI sucks both need MAJOR work maybe even would been better left out of the game completely. The game is riddled with bugs, glitches, poor audio, lack of options, and things that just plain dont make sense.~Update on patch 1.2This has been the most frustration biggest pile of ♥♥♥♥ game iv ever had the misfortune of wasting my time, money and hope on.For real from the opening horrible audio dialog from your copilot to the non stop glitches getting stuck on everything. The textures are horrible the lighting is garbage, the menu and options are next to non existent. Seriously its as if the devs dont even play real games to have some real inspiration from and compare to the standered we as gamers expect in 2014.Last time i was this let down and ticked off was WarZ we all remember that game and the road it went down. Iv been patient waiting for fixes and updates but its to little to late this game should be taken off Steam or lowered to a price of $1.99.~UpdateGot into it with the devs, they don't like criticism they lock, edit, delete comments and threads that go against there game. You have an issue with the bugs and glitches? Well that's your own fault not the game it self you need to read the manual according to the devs. They are actively trying to sway reviewers opinions and block people who tell the truth about the game.http://steamcommunity.com/app/280890/discussions/1/34094415787543676/#c34094415796867709My advice do not support this game or MAG studios!"
76561198015448521,Recommended,280890,19057972,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Negro Jesus El Savior Christ!,"I think people are attrociously biased and wholly unreasonable with their expectations for this game. Yes, the game has flaws.The game is clunky in areas, a little loading screen heavy, some of the choices are questionable (totally silent enemies bum rushing you from behind with the only warning being a big chunk of your♥♥♥♥♥♥missing), moving around can be a little difficult.No, this game isn't going to be Deadspace or System Shock 2. It was cobbled together by a single person who had nothing but fumes for funding, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it impressive for that. Not just impressive, but ambitious.I feel that most of the negative opinions are falling prey to two things. Firstly the game's rather odd graphics, it's designed for VR, and holy hell does it look good in thathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9twokPQuFQ- but it looks a little blocky in a traditional display. Secondly, the absolutely brutal difficulty curve. This game starts off at 9 and ramps things upto 11 pretty quickly, and doesn't bother to explain anything along the way. If you're looking for something which will scare you but not even remotely challenge you along the way, this is definitely not the game. My opinion in this regard is backed up by the fact that most (not all) negative reviews have very little playtime. An hour, tops.Anyway, in short I feel people are walking into this game with the wrong expectations. The guy who made this game (solo) could have made a godly 2d / side scroller / what have you with how dedicated and driven he is, but he didn't sell himself short and went for the gold instead and made the game he wanted to make. The result is spectacular but not without flaws, though given the origins it's extraordinary... Honestly though, your partner's V.O. is god awful. There's absolutely no justification for how badly delivered the lines are. I feel that improving that would be one of the best things that could be done. But like I said, not perfect!"
,Recommended,280890,11322469,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,chillywilly2345 Skinhub.com,"I think its about time we get this out of the way off my review list.Ghostship Aftermath is one of the better indie horror titles of this year. It even took me back a bit with the way the game feels from other games such as system shock 2. Now I understand that many people don't recommend this game due to higher expections or *too much money* or not finished. So really quickly, I wanna get the pro's and con's out of the way before I write a long paragraph.Pros:A good horror elemnt, aka The fear of the unknown.A wide range of weapons.It is different each playthrough.A huge open world ship *Though the missions kinda make it hard to roam.*A good nostalgia factor of both Dead Space and System shock 2.VERY innovative, which is what helps with the horror.All the features listen on the store page, are actually in the game, whether or not it's buggy, it's still listed.Cons:Poor AIUnoptimisedPoor voice acting *I know it's one guy but eh, Im greedy.*Average story.So heres where the paragraph comes in, lemme start with the pros once more. In this game, while still using Jumpscares*Not loud noises though, so BIG bonus.* it creates the sort of feel of the unknown, especially when you are first trying the game. And while you may get used to the enemy encounter, you never know what to expect with each playthrough. You may have to go though the game without a single important chracter, or some missions are different, or even random encounters with things OUTSIDE the ship. My point is, this guy knows what makes good horror, and thats the fear of the unknown.So while all that is nice and dandy, there are some flaws that may concern the audience, and that may be its AI. While the gameplay itself is really slow, the ai is VERY basic. Pretty much the ai does nothing but go at you, and once you touch the hitbox, you take damage, and that is it. No pathing, or anything really smart. On the bright side though, you get a wide range of enemies to deal with, whether it be big or small, they still proove to be a challenge to kill, especially in groups.So I think that pretty much sums up the game in general. I hope this review helps your thinking of the game."
,Recommended,280890,11359582,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,The Enmity of Amity,"[JUST NOTE THIS REVIEW IS TO DO ON RELEASE BEFORE ANY FORM OF PATCHES HAVE COME THROUGH.]All right so I've played this to the point that I died. Watched a few hours worth of gameplay and so forth.So I'm going to start with this. If you enjoy a Survival Horror game that can take up to ten hours to complete one of the many different stories (Note: The game starts you off differently each time, you might have a gun, you might not have a gun. Also gives you different objectives) and you have to maintain ammo usage and a lot of the time, run for your life.You can♥♥♥♥♥♥off the AI protagonist that's telling you what to do.You only have a specific amount of light and oxygen to maintain.Any how to the pros and the cons.Pros:- Immersive Environment and Gameplay- Keeps you on edge- AI (although buggy) is unique to the point that eventhe guy who coded it still can't judge the AI movement- Not overly graphical intense- Doesn't hold your hand- Different to the horror genre- Riddles- Exploration that actually can help you in the end, or even make you lose- You actually have to be careful- You need to remember the environment- You have to listen- You have to read- You have to be cautious- When you are dead, you're dead- Easy to learn controls- Enemies toy with youCons:- A few bugs here and there that don't affect gameplay much- Aiming the weapons is a little difficult- Doesn't have a proper pause menu (You can click pause on the keyboard to pause the game but not many people are that bright)- Can't currently modify key mapping- Doesn't support a wide range of resolutions- A lot of loading- A few sounds gets irritating (When you step on a box)Well thats all from me, try the game out. It's really worth your time!"
76561198006220137,Recommended,280890,11358042,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,drolbmudoboh,"Re-edited review people!!!After that monster sized update.... Game works! 9/10Turn around the corner, gun ready, full health, lights on and.... BAM!! No one.... lolBut every corner feels scary. there haven't been many games since Deadspace that is legit SCARY!The atmosphere is Great. Amazing... But the rounding of the edges still needs to happen sometime.There is still the odd issues here and there popping up, but the odd ones is the controls?Im not sure if there is other controls that are hidden, but some of my F keys do weird things. Like instant spawn a gun? goto checkpoint? even turning my shaders off. Might just be an AMD issue, but if you don't press those keys, which aren't used anyways the game runs great.Final verdict = Let's see what a patch or 2 can do to make it a 10/10 game like it should be."
,Recommended,280890,11324947,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"*NOTE NOT A FINAL REVIEW, Since patches are coming to fix up the game. This review is for what it is right now. Devs are patching up and refining the game and are taking notes at the complaints itself. The only reason I thumbed this game down was for those issues that are in the game currently, The reason I thumbed this game up now is because the dev is taking his work seriously, listening to the community and actually making these fixes to make his game better. Which is the best thing a game dev can do.So after speaking/playing with the dev who is very active with the community and actually playing the game for a good amount of hours I got a better understanding where the devs are getting at in the game. This is a hardcore survival horror that isn't meant to be finished in a single night and also meant to be a really hard game  since the devs goal is to give you the an immersive survival gameplay on a ship with changing enemies, a story that changes up a bit with random events . The game is actually a finished product but has bugs and issues that seriously needs to be ironed out which causes players to not want to progress too far. I am still playing the game as we speak overlooking the bug to see what the game has to offer deeper in. The only reason I didn't progress so far is because of the issues. Going in deeper I see this game has alot to offer.The game itself is a ported off the rift version and  and was released so that we will get a chance to play it without having to use the rift (devs explained this  to me). The Vr version will be included in what you bought but due to this reason some bugs and problems does exist in this version.So the game starts off with you entering a ship that was used as an experiment on prisoners when an alien lifeform overtook the ship and infected everyone on board. Your job is to get things operational again and to find out information about the lifeform to counter against it because it will be humanity's greatest threat. Many things are randomized in this game and it is never the same, the events, the branch of the story and the way the enemy are spawned at you.The gameplay is a first person survival/ horror shooter which starts you off with 59 minutes of battery life, a full tank of oxygen and you'll probabaly be armed with a weapon if you get a certain branch. As you progress you'll find guns and supplies via the clues left by blood and writing on the wall along with hints about enemies  attack. So it has to be found and it is in limited quantity. The laser for the guns recharges slowly and the other weapons is limited by clips so you'll have to be careful on use and also on reload also because you could potentially empty a clip full of bullets from your best gun which will cause you to rely in the laser guns. The guns themselves jThe controls are fixed and feels much better. You can also play this game with a joypad but you cannot change the keybinds in any way. There is also no save function except for checkpoints or where you leave off so be carefulThe game main goal is immersion which is very important for these type of games and that is the star here, the enemies jumping out of places, the sound effects is unlike anything you ever heard, the creepy music at times and the environment itself along with the game's roguelike elements where things arent the same makes it immersive and scary because you don't know what will pop out during your second plays after restarting either from death most likely or finishing which will cause you to second guess and panic.While the strength lies in immersion, its weakness lies in the rest of the places. some of the  enemy's ai is fixed up a bit but can still get stuck in places, they are more effective now. The collision of you towards environments sometimes will cause you to jitter sometimes.There are 8 guns in the game, each guns handle differently and each gun requires you to find, the guns starts off weaker than you think with the laser guns that are rechargable but takes some time to do so. They can be used to kill off weaker infected while the stronger guns found later will benefit you greatly against the stronger ones. You can shoot enemy in the head to kill them quicker and also the weak  guns has uses such as  using them to strategically light your way in dark areas so that you do not waste your batter power.The graphics uses unreal engine, has some nice effects and shading at times but unfortunately does look a bit outdated and this is because it came from the rift version, it is supposed to look much better on the rift but looks decent on the non rift version.Long story short I think this game was rushed just a bit and had some issues and problems that it came with that really needs to be ironed out, as the dev says he is fixing right now and also creating a manual for the community to help them a bit.Overall I hope the game progress with updates as time goes on to polish it up, so far from just touching the game the game feels MUCH better than what is was previously. Hopefully when everything is done there will be a decent price sale that will gather more players into this great immersive game that is different everytime you play it.+ Immersion is amazing even without occulus rift you can feel it, scary sounds, music and darkness will scare the crap out of you.+ Limited supply of battery/oxygen will cause you to panic when things go wrong, thank god you can replenish oxygen but not light so be mindful and use your laser weapon to light your way strategically+ Lightning and fog is done great well placed in places that will add to the immersion+ The clues/writing lieing around to help you find what you need is well written to help give you hints+ The objective is explained very well and its your goal to find the way. The ship is massive and offers places to explore. it is your job to learn how it works and find your way.+Controls are much better after being fixed!+- Map is hard to understand and will take time to get use to+- Decent Ai- Voice acting is just ok, its corny but fits the game perfectly (lol shaun)- Needs ability to rebind your own key.- Some clipping issues at places.- Graphics looks good but are said to look even better on rift because of the way they are designed- We can't get a rift yet.* I really want the rift version to fully enjoy this game immersion, as for the version it is now hopefully the patches will fix up the problems players find unenjoyable at the moment."
,Recommended,280890,11527397,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,beast902,"amazing, immersive, well done, some things need fixing and  more content might be needed, but overall its a very solid game, very spooky"
,Recommended,280890,11484364,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cookie,"I have been playing this game alot, and can highly reccomend it. The Developer is very talented and very serious about his work, he listens and will do what is needed to grasp the attention from the community, I can definely say this is a game you wanna have and also a developer you wanna keep tabs on."
,Not Recommended,280890,15665266,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CrazyDoctor,"I don't know if I can reccommend this one.  The atmosphere and graphics are really kewl, but game play is lousy.  It's hard to manuver, its hard to pick things up, it's hard to aim, and you run out of ammo too quickly.  I had a horrible time just getting the game to load; I ""played"" 78 minutes of the game (according to steam) before I ever saw anything past the loading screen.  I'm going to give it a ""thumbs down"" because of the difficulties.  If the gameplay and controls can be smoothed out, I'll change that."
76561198038742356,Not Recommended,280890,15286781,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Enigma88,"I enjoy everything about this game the tense atmosphere, weapons, and having to salvage what weapons/ammo you can find to survive, with the random generated Objectives & Storyline.However, all of these are overpowered by the bugs and glitches that occur in-game. The closest I've gotten to completeing a story arc (last objective) I opened the door to it and fell through the level..if that wasn't enough, the enemies when they attack teleport all over the place (at close range) leaving you the only option of spraying and praying you kill them. I recommend  leading them through a doorway or kiting them and keeping them at range, in order to properly shoot them.I can only hope they address these issues in the sequel ""CDF:Ghostship"" and make it a worthwhile experience."
76561198169968582,Not Recommended,280890,14523312,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hello Joe,"2/10 - AwfulGhostship Aftermath... What can i say about a game that feels so broken that i literally cannot bring myself to venture any further into it.  I Really did try to give it a chance, but from what i encountered, any further attempt to play would just be torture on my part. Keep in mind i LOVE SCI HORROR, and I even have  tolerance for mediocre games. But this....this...just...feels...broken..The Pros:Atmosphere: I like the fact that it shows your guy wearing the helmet in first person, its a nice touch, and the atmosphere is pretty ok.Sound: The ambient sounds were pretty goodThe Cons:Gameplay/ Controls: It's  totally clunky and unfinished. You pretty much have to be looking up at a certain height if you want your guy to run properly. And the Looking around aspect is prolly the worst I've seen in any game. Not even a mouse smoothing option can save this disasterGraphics: This game looks dated beyond belief. I know graphics aren't everything, but combining this aspect with the god awful controls is mind numbingly painful.tThe Enemies: Even the enemies feel broken as they move at you in a tight corrodor. and this game is nothing but tight corrodors from what Ive played. They just spaz out in the glitchiest ways possible. It was painful to witness, and after i abrupty died it just flashed me to the title screen in a broken manner. It was almost impossible to describe. The enemies in this game make the AI in Alien Colonial Marines look like the smartest AI ever conceived in the history of mankind.Options: If you want to change one single setting it makes you go through every option indviidually in a different screen each time which is incredibly annoying. I have never come across this in a game and holy hell is it stupid.Controls: Did i mention this game has the worst controls ever? No really, it does, If there was a way for me to give you this game i gladly would just so you can know the true horror of the worst controls ever.Voice Acting: It's really badIn Conclusion: Ghostship Aftermath seemed like it had the potential to contribute something good to the sci fi horror genre. Instead what i experienced was a broken mess of a game with the worst controls and enemy AI I have ever encountered. This game is bad, stay far far away from it."
,Recommended,280890,11490327,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ciradis,i couldn't find a gun and i nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself even though i only hallucinated10/10
76561197970524226,Not Recommended,280890,30954901,Posted: 4 April,all,28k,"I played the first game and actually liked it so I bought this one.  But somewhere along the way something went horribly wrong.  I wish I could of played it longer in order to ""get to the good stuff""as some people might remark but there are just too many basic things out of wack that as nice looking as the game is its truely a miserable experience to simply move around.Considering this is the Unreal engine which does FPS games better than just about anyone it would seem you would have to go out of your way to mess up the core fundamentals of this engine, but somehow it was accomplished.As was present in the first game the mouse sensitivity will suddenlty go nuts causing movement to be totally erradic.  I sloged through it on the first game and would simply restart my game because I was actually having fun, but I would of assumed that it would of been fixed in this, the second game.There is a strang centering that takes place when you look around, like an invisible force that centers your mouse after you look up or down,  So looking up and down isnt a smooth process, As your view returns to the center your mouse is pulled level then there is a delay before you can move the mouse to aim up or down again, its maddening.As I said earlier this is the Unreal engine, wh on earth would you tinker with player movment and mouse movement, the one thing that Unreal does flawlessly out of the box.This one thing alone made me realize there was no way I was going to enjoy combat, sadly I have abandon this game and will have to give it a thumbs down because the player and mouse movement is just that bad."
76561198134402231,Recommended,280890,17325054,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,spydigger24,In my opinion the game is good but requires a graphics setting to help those with weaker pcs can easily play the game with no trouble. the setting and map style is good and areas that make you feel like you might get jump at any moment. Still the game needs something to adjust the graphics in a more simplar form to help those with weaker pcs.
,Not Recommended,280890,25351814,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NativeOne,"ALL DEVELOPERS TAKE NOTE (not just who made this game): Anything that doesn't give you absolute control over keybinds and lighting is dead to pc gamers ..Ghostship GDF was okay, but this, this belongs in the garbage shoot; of forever 'Aftermath' .."
76561198086359735,Recommended,280890,23704795,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,KrystalAlien,"Despite the technical issues and the fact that it looks like a horrible System Shock clone, I think that Ghostship Aftermath is a decent game, although I wonder how does it look like if you play it with the Steam VR"
,Not Recommended,280890,33352747,Posted: 7 July,all,Alan_Evs,"So... I started the game and found the menu options and set up to be confusing. When I was trying to set up the graphics and resolution it was causing the game to do some weird things. I couldn't customise the settings in game which meant I had to exit the game just to see what the changes made looked like. Game play is another thing. Glitchy is an understatement. Game play was terrible and the actual aiming on the guns was rediculous. Trying to kill the first enemy causes you to empty your gun of bullets and it takes maybe 3 hits from the weakest (from what I've seen) enemy. Good points. I played 3 times and it took 0.6hours. That's 20 minutes per game. 15 of which were getting off the initial ship onto the ""ghost ship"" and 5 mins of running away from something I can't kill. This game was pants. Luckily I payed a few quid for it. The end"
76561197971556261,Not Recommended,280890,15130403,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[XIII]Seaplace,"The consept is very good, the execution very bad.Basic controls are sluggish and poor in general. You cant map controls.You cant aim down at your feet and many enemies get close very fast and kill you because you CANT aim at them probberly""! Thats probberly my main reason to quit.The sounds are O.K. but not great, and the voice acting sounds like when a pal and got drunk and played with a bad qulity recorder -.-The game requires a LOT of pacience as movement is low and running makes you run out of oxygin much faster.All the textures belong in the system schok era.All the ""plots"" I tried were very similar and I got  a white bunny chace twise in a row.Points for IdiaPoints for Atmusphere which worksOver all I have to give it 4/10"
,Not Recommended,280890,18023159,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Spammals,"Seriously, this game is utterly terrible. Everything about this game is just terrible. Whats more terrible is that i wasted £7 on it."
,Not Recommended,280890,14202683,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Cassan the Rabble-Rouser,"Again, like many 'indie' games on here, this title has some decent concepts which tend to give players hope that they aren't playing a 'lemon'. In fact, this game is pretty much a solid turd. 11/10 I would poop on this game if it were a hard-copy and wipe my butt with its instructional manual.1) The environment is a bit ridiculous. I mean blood bathed walls with like one or two human corpses present... That's sort of poop.2) The aliens seem like they just don't know what the Hell they're doing. From the way they look, to how they interact to attack the player. The aliens range from giant flea-like creatures which come farting at you from nowhere to smurf-like zombies that make you feel like you're trapped in some cheap Haji rip-off of the Goonies with cloned versions of the Sloth; made even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ through the cloning process and rapidly multiplying cellular generation.Oh yes. Watch in horror as those things crowd into a narrow corridor swarming you, and smile with glee as you dump endless rounds of the worst possible ammunition from what could be high-tech airsoft rifles from the far future into their sponge powered bodies. Then die... :/3) Go here; do this; maybe run from that? ""Eh I don't know, what the Hell, why not?"" basically sums up the every play-through. Try as you might it doesn't get much better than that.I tried flushing the toilets in the bathrooms to see if they would suck my player out into oblivion because I was having so much fun. But much to my dismay the character I was controlling did nothing of the sort while he breathed heavily in his space 'suit' (probably hoping he'd just passout and be eaten by a giant-flea or something).If you MUST be curious and buy this game, don't do what I did, and don't be sober. Maybe get smashed on a bottle of cheap vodka beforehand if you are of age."
76561197979991098,Not Recommended,280890,13051010,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,P0NYSLAYSTATION,"I'd expect better from a 99p ios game. terrible animation, no ai beyond walking in an orderly line towards the player, mouse  input is ♥♥♥♥ed up and keyboard controls aren't bindable, so good luck if you're left-handed. I like the concept of what the developer was trying to do, its just that its done very poorly"
76561198036283702,Recommended,280890,14060817,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Lil Professor,I like ghostship aftermath ho be brepar for anathing and aparlentle ther are zombes on the ghostship but   i lick the radem alaments.
76561198051698320,Recommended,280890,15370655,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Knights-Templar,"7/10this is not the best looking game and some bits are rough but other are great like the ship from the out side and inthe strange people that roam round look so bad and lets this game down badallso i get stuck often when walking round just on stairs or elivated ground -cant the guy just step over this stuff him selfyou have to jump and the jump is all messed upbut the game play makes up for that some whatand now the devs have added options so you can play as its ment to be hardor play where you have lots of weapons and shield ect to start off withwith out having to look all over to find them and most likly die before you do you will still find stuff you don,t haveor free roam mode no bad guys here just walk round and explore good one to start on if your finding you die lots"
76561197998609864,Recommended,280890,11951449,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,AngelFire,"This is a remake of a review, since talking with dev's and having an update out, I'd recommend this game. It has good graphics, Good sound, It's addictive and the play has improved. I'm not going to list changes. look at the update log. With many different story lines this game cam be played over and over without getting bored. It is a survival space horror. Not and action filled FPS.7/10 with a learning curve depending on your play style 1-2 hours. Why so long each enemy has different hit points, each weapon has a different behavior, once you learn the enemy the weapons, the ship things will be much easier."
76561198017382629,Recommended,280890,12756738,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Basement Dweller,"Was introduced to this game via a random YouTube suggestion, which peaked my interest enough to try it out as I'm a sucker for any sort of Sci-Fi genre game, especially anything dealing with space travel. The one thing I was immediately told through the video I watched was the game had it's issues and bugs, but if you were a fan of this type of game it was something you could overlook and the game was still completely playable, albiet buggy. So I bought it, played some, enjoyed what I saw, and then put the game down for a bit. What reintroduced me to thinking this game would go somewhere, was the fact the game was recieving constant updates, patches, and content releases; it seemed at least once a week booting up Steam there was something to download for the game. Which is honestly a good sign when compared to several other indie games or standalone games (wink, wink) that never see a single patch or content update, or see once in a blue moon. It does honestly feel like the developer is trying to improve the game, and make it the best it can be.From what I've experienced from the game, it does have some good atmosphere. You honestly feel like you're in a spacesuit, sent over to investigate a ghost ship. You're locked inside a suit with limited oxygen, limited battery life for your flashlight, and you don't know much more about anything other than go check out that ship; it's also a rogue-like with permadeath, which just reinforces the fear that these game elements add. The story advances through your gameplay, which makes it quiet fun. Wth the random level generator, sometimes you get that original Alien feel of helplessness as you walk through corridors completely helpless with no weapons hoping to find some kind of weapon and not to run into anything that wants to kill you; whereas other times you start with a weapon, and tensions are a little more relax as you're at least able to halfway defend yourself. The game also has support for Oculus Rift, which I do not have, but I can say it's a plus to be able to have that option, as well as saying the game itself would probably take on a whole new level of atmospheric tension and scares with the Oculus.All in all, if you're a fan of Sci-Fi, if you like games based in or around space or space travel, or like horror games, I don't see any reason why you wouldn't enjoy this one. It deffinitely has its problems, but seeing as the game doesn't have a 20-man team behind it and was thrown together by (as far as I know) a single person, it's good for what it is. I'm also probably trying to look a little too hard at anything good in it as a biased fan of Sci-Fi."
76561198156419143,Recommended,280890,13122349,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,The Seph,"Its more than decent for a first attempt.The random storylines are a hook as is  its replay value.That alone is worth the money in my eyes.Unfortunetly lots of people  wont get beyond the first  hour, because they have not read the bits about it being a 'survival' horror and throw their toys out of the pram when the nasty aliens kill them.Doesn't this guy know we have   a right to suvive!! I would recommend it to  anyone who likes a challenge ,as long as its not too hard."
76561198060105218,Recommended,280890,13309769,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ParadoxYs,http://youtu.be/lgjAqYETfUEHello. I did a video review on this game to help people looking into this game to help them figure out if they want to pay the money for the game or not. I would recommend this game but there are a few things u need to know about this game.1.   Controls are weird2.Options are strange and cant be accessed in game.3.It is a little buggy when it comes to Character/environment interaction4.AI is a little strangeI go into more depth and show some game play in the Video review.I hope this helps others when it comes to getting or not getting this game.
76561197971089266,Not Recommended,280890,13954058,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Exo,"The game is alright, not great, not good but alright.In my opinion the game needed more work,there was alot of game lag in most cases, several glitches & quite buggy at timesI hope the next game they do is better and with a good story (zombie games getting bit old) less glitches and the ability to save would be good ( Game crashed a few times resulting in staring a new game)"
76561198078351514,Not Recommended,280890,29754006,Posted: 6 February,all,toriousa,"Hot Garbage.  Whatever you do, do NOT pay for any of this! The concept is ok the followthrough is straight garbage. IF I could get my money back, I would demand 100% interest credited to my steam account."
76561198028630380,Recommended,280890,30695683,Posted: 23 March,all,DeviousDave,"So read the reviews and took a chance.......and it's actually pretty good so far.Ok so the graphics are, well, 'dated' to say the least (around about System Shock 2 or Half Life 1 levels of dated) and the voice overs are delightfully cheesy sometimes and the enemy AI can barely be described as an AI as much as it, sees the player - walks towards the player - attacks the player... get's lost or stuck after flailing around blindely or OHKO the player from five feet away (damn lurching zombie)But the atmosphere is spot on, the distant groans of the ship, the wub wub wub of fans and clonk of your boots as you walk (slowly) all add to the tension created by the poor lighting and actual fear of perma-death (yep, screw up once and wave good bye to your progress and hello to the main menu)BUT what's best about the perma-death in this game is that the usual irritation at having to start over is actually missing for the most part thanks to the massive randomisation that creates whole new scenarios within the same map layout, in one of my many restarts I was teleported over to the ship only to find the central AI was toast and I needed to locate and secure a reliable supply of 02 (where I died) In the next game I boarded the ship via an airlock and the AI was online where I then discovered (or was lied to - died before finding out :(  ) that my partner was actually a pirate and that I had to help said AI prevent said pirates from making off with the ship (along with surving the monsters onboard)Same goes for the enviroment, sometimes a room might have power, other times it doesn't and everything floats around, sometimes a message might be scrawled on a wall and othertimes it's not. All of it adds to the feel of actually exploring a true ghost ship and helps take the sting of starting again away. In 1.5 hours of playing and multiple deaths I have so far encountered the same opening twice (and even then the boarding sequence changed up a bit)Overall if you go into this not expevting a great deal then you may (as I was) be pleasently surprised by this buggy but atmospheric horror/scifi game"
76561198007215017,Recommended,280890,11958317,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,telamiina,"Pleasant suprise.It's a survival horror game with permadeath, in space. Also it has some bad textures and animation.BUT...It has really scary atmosphere, huge space ship to explore. Also it generates each game, so it's allways a new adwenture.Really good mist and use of light and darkness. Sound enviroment is scary as hell!!!Done by one dude.So if you can get pass those little low budget things ( Game had 0, zero, budjet.) This can keep you fearing the darkness.In indie scale I give it 7.5/10."
76561198279188108,Recommended,280890,21029401,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,the cursed,"Bought both aftermath and cdf in a game bundle on steam last week although it was released long ago I was shocked by how hard on both the senses and the sensibility aftermath really was.It has a pretty brutal learning curve,if like I did, you thought you were pretty good already and began in the normal mode first.Bad error of judgement on my part to disregard the advice of the dev to'look and learn' first in instant action mode.Do not buy this game if you have  very little patience or attention span,also do not like a challenge,and want spoon feeding with dayglow health packs and ammo on auto pickup.I found in normal mode if you are unprepared you will only last in this game until your first encounter with THEM whereupon you appear to die amidst lots of screaming and thundering of hooves and wondering wtf.THEM being not the shambling friendly Zombies who you can be picked off easily with your pistol but the quick moving battle hardened soldiers who seem to frequent any corridor with your objective at the other end.The moody lighting, the flickering and clipping, plus the sound being all over the place,lack of a decent sprint and glitchy ai will soon irritate the hell out of most gamers.And that is normally before they realise like me that  NORMAL means permadeath in this game.I sat dumbstruck at first.Irritated that I had died so quickly in my first real encounter, but more so when the 'You Died ' screen kept popping up every time I pressed the escape key.Yes I had to go right back to the very start,which in my case was often not very far at all thankfully.I eventually relented and went the way the dev had assumed you would go in the first place and used the instant action mode to teach myself not only the layout of the ship,but also where the weapons,ammo and aliens would be.After I did this I feel it became the game the dev wanted you to think it was all along.Once I had a decent weapon,I could push on past the screaming hordes to the objective.Not only that but I would often get an award along the way to butter me up as well.It was never easy however once you moved back to normal mode.The dev was most likely  a hard core gamer who loved to show you the carrot while hiding the big stick he was eventually going to hit you with.It grew such that I hated the dev more than the aliens at the finish.He had obviously put a lot of his heart and soul into this game and when I realised he had done it all on his own, my hatred turned to admiration.That did not last long however as I died from lack of oxygen soon after by not realising the audio countdown started at 9 minutes and not 10 when I was still 10 minutes from a replenishment station.I did eventually finish all the stories and marvelled at his ability to add even more to those same stories,just when you thought you were done and dusted.Your instinct to conserve your 1 hour of torch battery often falls short because the dev has already thought of that and tacked extra time on so you still finish  up blundering round in the dark.Decent advice like using the light of the muzzle flash does not help when you don't know where the heck they are coming from in the first place because what you've just fired at has lit up precisely nothing.I would recommend this game to all my fiends who have a sense of humour rather than a sense of self importance,simply because this game will soon slap you down,unless you bother learning the basics to start with. My opinion is was still a great first attempt for someone without any assistance.The old cliche ""Fail to prepare,prepare to fail""sounds great but in this game  the preparation can often only be done in 'instant action mode' first which always leaves you with a save game to fall back on.Ignoring this advice and starting in normal often leaves you dead,and looking to blame the dev for everything thats wrong with the world,let alone the game?Still it will help when I come to play CDF I suppose?I liked the depth of the stories and the sheer volume of content alone for one man.A lot of what I disliked would  surely have been sorted, given the time and money,as it was all in the lack of polish folder.Being two years ago now  money was obviously an issue cos it had a lot of good ideas going for it."
76561197965118672,Recommended,280890,14171474,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Whi$tl3®,"*EDIT*I changed my Phys-X to CPU, and now I have a good framerate. The game itself has a certain atmosphere to it. I haven't played much, but I can already tell that I will play this game whenever I got a moment to spare.*ORIGINAL POST*I bought the game, but I haven't plyed it yet. This is due to the fact that my frames per second is utterly crap in this game.I get 8 fps maximum on the main menu.My specs are:CPU: Intel i7 3770K @ 3,5 GHzGPU: GeForce GTX 780 TiRAM: 16384MB DDR3OS: Windows 8.1I just can't give this game a thumbs up."
76561197988160274,Recommended,280890,12358545,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,My Mate Monty,"After being away from Steam for a few years I returned start of August.Being of the older Generation I tend to struggle from data overload and as a result often miss bits of information.Consequently I have just found the reviews section.This game initially had me jumping not from scares, but with rage as I found diving straight in led me to die the dreaded permadeath far too many times:generally by trying to take on the Aliens in a  War of the worlds style ""Bows and arrows against the lightening"".Once I started to read up I found  not only what permadeath meant but how to aquire the sort of weapons that could actually kill things.For the first time I felt comfortable against the hordes.The game became easier to navigate and as the dev patched glitches the game also improved in quality.By version 1.3 it still had some issues.I would expect that in a game this vast (GTA still had issues if you knew where to look).Also the dev was adding stuff and reacting to the forums,but it was  obvious no one was reading up on the changes.The pause key springs to mind whereby you could now stop the alien hordes and tootle off for a coffee and time to think just like Riggs.A lot of my game time was spent early days just continually dying and trying to remember where everything was.If you're not prepared to do either forget this game.It was also good finding the reviews section later rather than sooner where people were changing their reviews from negative to positive to suit the changes in the game made by the dev.This made me feel there was some hope for the game and human nature.Most of the hard nosed professional you tube reviewers seemed to use the early versions of this game, with a vested interest, to criticise and poke fun at each and every error/glitch without referring to the fact they were reviewing 1.0 when 1.3 was available. Also a few of these people were  programmers themselves and I wondered how they would feel, having their early work ripped to shreds, with no intention of doing a proper review but within a well scripted you tube environment.Myself I am old enough to make my own choices so my initial thumbs down must change to a massive thumbs up.I will be only too happy to buy the devs next release(If that's ok with my wife that is?) because I know he's learning well from the experience."
,Not Recommended,280890,19210412,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Homoerotica,"Ok, let's just get this over with!The person, who made this had a brilliant Idea, this could actually be something, ""oh my ♥♥♥♥ing do no way"". Now this game, is not popular. I got the game because it looked intrested, I turned out it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I spent 10 Minutes, trying to understaand what the ♥♥♥♥ was going on. And 5 Minutes, the game ketp ♥♥♥♥ing up as in the story line ♥♥♥♥ed up!I give this reveiw a 3/10 You had something brilliant, and ♥♥♥♥ed up!If your a person who likes playing with♥♥♥♥♥♥and has a lot of spare time, go get this!For the rest, don't bother!"
76561198021387034,Not Recommended,280890,25829831,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,matabhaine,In three words - No No No
,Recommended,280890,18390315,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Frost,Really cool idea but needed a bigger budget. Can't speak much for it but I enjoyed what I did play.
76561197985006944,Recommended,280890,13040784,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Weekend at Uncle Bernies,"If your a fan of Sci Fi movies like Event Horizon, 2001 A Space Odyssey and Alien. Along with the fear and feel of isolation of  the not knowing. Then you may want to give this game a look into. I can't even begin to compare this to any other sci fi game I have played in the past. The developer has implemented random events on your mission. Whenever you go out on a mission your experience may not be the same as another player. When I first experienced that it really amped up the wow factory of really appreciating what the developer has done to this game. With continuous patch updates and future Oculus Vr support built in and the developer creating this game for non VR players to experience just shows the passion and appreciation shown for the creation of this sci fi world created on a haunted Ghostship in space."
76561198093983570,Not Recommended,280890,14364745,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Crayons,This game is so bad
76561197972729524,Not Recommended,280890,13249217,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Perus_TC,"I hate to be the bearer of bad news but,I had absolutely NO fun starting this game.The menu is antiquated,the visuals are entirely too dark (even with gamma up).The aiming system I did not find to my liking.It just isn't for ME.I naturally have NO problems with anyone liking the game.....It usually doesn't take much to entertain me but.....this is too much.    ;)"
76561197961326179,Not Recommended,280890,22330120,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,606,CAN NOT EDIT CONTROLS WHICH BY THE WAY SUCK. ALSO IF YOU REALY\LY WANT TO PLAY THIS THING YOU NEED TO INVERT YOUR MOUSE. THE STORY LINE IS A BIT STUPID ALSO.
76561198036333006,Not Recommended,280890,16871430,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Julio,Terrible!
76561197972718029,Not Recommended,280890,11616269,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,geralds387,I miss understood that one life means you can't reload the last autosave prior to your death. Pesonally playing a game where you have to completely start over when you die is more aggravatiing then fun to me. Now that I know this I will never buy a one life type survival game.
