user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,281640,32410720,Posted: 14 June,all,GazzD,"good stuff a proper continuation to this great sagaPROS+New race and more types of units+Good story as usual+Not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths, every dessision has a predictable consequence+Looks as good as the first one (that means really good)CONS-Could use more animated scenes-If you played the first one on another platform you can't import your save-If you dont import your save there is no way to set the world state as you left it on BS1, you only can choose one of two paths (where is Ekkill ?!! >:( )great game, in general, is a must to play BS1 before playing this one so go ahead"
,Recommended,281640,22592789,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Jess,"I don't understand how people could complain about this game being the same as the previous one. I think it's obvious that it's a direct sequel to Banner Saga.The game is great, the characters and their abilities are even more original in this one. And I hope we will see Banner Saga 3, even if it's going to be ""the same"" - I will still play it.PS: One of the characters is literally based on Thomas Middleditch's face. How about that huh?!:https://www.instagram.com/p/BAz87Y8xDpO/"
76561198059404769,Recommended,281640,22626146,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,rrichard0002,"Even better that the first one, which was awesome. More. Please. I will give you money. The level of immersion you've achieved is so rare these days. I don't know exactly how you're doing it but it feels amazing. Reminds me of reading Tolkien for the first time when I was a kid. You guys nailed it, again. Great job!"
,Recommended,281640,22520770,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sanborn,"In 2014 I had the pleasure of playing through Banner Saga 1, and I had this to say in my review:""There's something about this game that I can't put my finger on. It might be the entracing music, the Disney quality hand-drawn art, or perhaps it's the fact that everytime I play this game it's always 30 minutes later than I expected it to be.The combat is simple, for the uninitiated. As you begin to dive into the character types, their respective special attacks, and equipable items, you'll soon realize that there is a depth to the combat that will keep you coming back. When the odds are seemingly against you, and you do in fact manage to reduce your foe to a single unit vs. one or more of your own, you will feel like a champion. A real champion.What has surprised me the most about The Banner Saga is the number of choices and chances the game allows. Every combat decision, every discussion, every step on the map brings consequences.I can't tell you whether or not you should buy The Banner Saga, but I can tell you that you would almost be a fool not to.""Even though I've (so far) only played Banner Saga 2 for an hour, I am happy to tell you that 2 years later everything I adored in TBS1 is alive and well in TBS2. The art, the music, all of the hard and rewarding decisions are back.Anyone that loved The Oregon Trial, enjoys turn based combat, or just wants to experience a really well made game should pick up The Banner Saga 2 now.Oh, and your save from TBS1 can be imported. If you didn't play the first (and I highly recommend doing so!) you can press a Recap button on the main menu to get up to speed.I look forward to playing this game over the next 15-20 hours and salivating over The Banner Saga 3 for the next year+ :)"
,Recommended,281640,22600030,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:StoicPublishers:Versus EvilInitial release:April 2016Genre:Strategy, RPG, Turn Based, Dark#Worth/NotWorth:#AbsolutelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThe Saga continues.......... and is improved in almost every way.What was an incredible game the first time around is even better as the story continues. Up front you are given the options for importing your save or selecting one of the characters to be your main leader. As I am not of the group of people that attempt to play sequels before their former experience has been gone through I cannot speak to how approachable this is if you did not play the first Banner Saga. As for what should be quite obvious I imagine, this is a highly narratively driven game.The combat system remains very similar but is vastly improved. More classes and more abilities. Maxing a stat now gives you options to further improve that stat. Options like Robust or Divert. Being a percent chance to resist strength damage and avoid armor damage respectively. Among many other ways to specialize.You lead your caravan as you did in Banner Saga 1 but even this is improved. Clansman, fighters and Varl still aid you. Helping in foraging and fighting. The tough balancing act of having fighters to aid in battle at the expense of using up more supplies on the road. As well as attempting to hold some morality in the events that take place. How it is improved is that the consequences your actions are having are much more clearly conveyed to you. Including the very real effects of morale on your caravan. Training at camp also has added functionality in that you can now train clansman to fighters. Additionally there are challenges to be had in training as well.The party also splits and is told from differing perspectives. As it seems tradition for the series.The actual story telling is also even higher in production value this time around. Extremely well animated cut scenes and quite a bit more voice acting is present. The hand drawn art style continues to be vastly gorgeous. Though the main crux of the story is told through text.If you enjoyed The Banner Saga 1. This game is that and plenty more.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,281640,22805382,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Venceremos,"Before you read, note that English is not my native language, so expect errors and for that I apologize in advance.Let me fill you in if you have no idea what the Banner Saga is.You are nobody and you wake up to find the world that you and everyone once know is breaking apart. You struggle to get by and are forced to make tough calls, so that you and your people can survive. And through these choices you are bringing changes -- though small, they may escalate. I am not going to tell you the exact plot, since it would spoil the fun.TL;DR:+Decent story+Super amazing music+Even more super amazing art style-Lore not very friendly to people new to the seriesVerdict: Recommend, and I recommend you to play BS1 as well if you haven't played it yet------------------------------------------------------When I recommend BS1 to my friends I'd say ""a perfect game, if not for a lousy lack of unit variety and customization"".Well, it's a good thing to see this time the ""if not"" part gets improved greatly. While inheriting the already-interesting move-based system, Stoic put a lot of work in character development. Compared to merely investing stat in BS1, in BS2 you can get talents (passive abilities), characters get more abilities through progression and some of them got to choose one from many, which allows players larger room for customization. Even though the optimum is easy to find, it's still an amazing improvement compared to the system of BS1. Of course there are new units introduced to both the protagonist side and the enemy.Not much to say about the art style. I did enjoy the look of BS1, so here I enjoy BS2's too, and they include more cutscenes this time I think. Notably there are some more boldly designed godstones compared to mere faces engraved on a rock in BS1.Music is composed by Austin Wintory as well. I personally prefer BS1's music rather than this one -- maybe because I know what to expect this time. I'm particularly impressed by the song in the end.The game itself is shorter than BS1 and I see people grumble about that, but it gets more immersive this time IMO. Some say the ending leaves things hanging, but you know how a trilogy works: the first one introduces the setting, in the second things escalates and followed by the third, the grand finale.I hope I can live long enough to play BS3 before darkness consumes the world. :(Update: tBS3 is happening. Successfully kickstarted.Another remarkable thing is that your save from BS1 can be imported. It's not super impressive since we all know Bioware's been doing that the whole time, but it's still decent enough: in an unforgiving world where you are forced to make tough decisions, save import reminds you that your choices have effect.I could, but I am not going to discuss in-depth since the new review showcase policy is discouraging (volvo only cares whether you give a thumb-up or thumb-down, not the decency of your writing), but I think my point is crystal clear: I recommend this game even at full-price to those who have played BS1. And for folks new to the Banner Saga, I suggest you to buy them both. Honestly, this game is amazing and it's sad to see BS2 doesn't get as much attention as BS1 did."
,Recommended,281640,24385058,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"10/10 - I Guess YouCan’tCANImprove on Perfect.It’s always nerve racking when I begin a sequel of a series I adore. I believed this high standard that was established couldn't be lived up to… and it wasn’t… it was exceeded!! Your choices from the first offering can be uploaded and change the dynamic of the second game, but it’s not required to enjoy this title.The story picks up where the other left off, following our heroes as they continue to battle against impossible odds in an attempt to circumnavigate the ever deteriorating wasteland. Making matter worse; our heroes must stay ahead of a deadly enemy that is sweeping through the world destroying everything in it’s wake.The most notable improvements on the first game include a pretty sweet survival mode that consists of 40 waves; any characters you have unlocked during the campaign can be called upon to form your army. This is straight waves of turn-based combat but definitely worth a go… and it’s in beta so it will continue to evolve.Next, I was impressed with the combat improvements. I felt the AI was much more intuitive and found myself struggling to survive in the beginning; since survival of your group is the only objective this can cause some tense moments and cause you to carefully plan for combat.Overall, this game really improved on an already stellar offering. You get another 10-14 riveting campaign and a fun survival mode which just adds to the depth of content. Worth full price; usually on sale now so grab it!(Vacation Review #4 of 28)Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,281640,28717362,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"The more i play of the Banner Saga, the more im reminded of Dan Simmons epic novel about the doomed Franklin Arctic Expedition ""The Terror"". In The Terror, Captain Francis Crozier tries desperately to save the lives of the 120 souls still alive in his command as they fend off starvation, scurvy, mutiny and hauling thousand pound sledges across Sea Ice, all while running from an unstoppable threat that is hunting and killing his men one by one. Every decision Crozier makes seems to reult in more and more deaths but the alternatives are even worse.In the Banner Saga 2, you continue your journey as Rook, leading your caravan of fighters, clansmen and giant horned blokes as you fight off mutiny, starvation, and a relentless enemy that is hounding you literally to the ends of the earth. Every decision you make for the good of your clansmen might seem straightforward at the time but will generally wind up biting you in the♥♥♥♥♥down the line as you struggle to keep morale and supplies from running out, and your people safe from the rampaging Dredge.10/10 but could really use some kind of Scurvy stat for my starving clansmen"
,Recommended,281640,22566964,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Paikia,"Since I really loved The Banner Saga 1, I made sure to pre-order the second as soon as it became available, and started playing it on the same evening it was released. Well, it took me around 12 hours over three long evenings to beat the game, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to begin again very soon. At the time of writing this review, Steam says I've been playing for 8 hours, but it didn't take into account around 4 hours of game time in which I was offline.For those of you not familiar with the games all, The Banner Saga is a series of Tactical Role Playing Games. While the game's environment is a fictional fantasy world, it is somewhat connected to the norse mythology. I don't know much about the norse mythology, but I did notice some connections, such as Hogun and Mogun, and I suppose there are others as well.Anyway, just like in the first game, in The Banner Saga 2 you alternate between leading 2 different groups of adventurers (for a lack of a better term) on their continued quest. The game is a direct continuation of the first, so while you can watch a recap of what happened during the first game and start playing the second one immediately, I really suggest playing and beating the first one first, so you can carry your savegame over to the second, and continue with the exact same party you ended the first game with.The battle-system is interesting, refreshing but simple enough to learn. I know some people have been complaining it's too simplistic, but I don't share that view. The graphics are great and so is the soundtrack, but what makes this game so much fun for me, is the story. It's refreshingly dark and interesting. Also, the choices you make have a major impact on the game, which also means you'd probably want to play through it more than once, to explore different options and see what happens when you choose different directions.Also, it seems like the developers managed to take some of the problematic aspects of the first game and improve them. For one, The Banner Saga 2 is much more flexible than the first, when it comes to promoting your characters. You get much more freedom in choosing which ones to level-up, which in turn, gives you more tactical options in battles.  Not only that, you also get a much larger veriaty of characters to choose from. In addition, this time there are training scenarios, in which you get to learn to use your characters' most important special abilities.I really like this game, and would recommend it to anyone who likes tactical and story-driven RPGs."
,Recommended,281640,22520843,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,eckyythump,"If you liked the first game, the sequel won't let you down. Beautiful graphics and gameplay with some added features and new interesting characters - it's not just a carbon copy of the first one."
,Recommended,281640,32154283,Posted: 3 June,all,Croy,The stakes are higher. The tension is greater. The centaurs are present. Looking forward to #3.
76561197992217662,Recommended,281640,22522442,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Lorcanis,"So far the sequel is better in almost every single way. You have even more tactical decisions to make, be it while on the road or in battle. Your heroes can be promoted to higher ranks and they can also learn new abilities which you can choose at rank 6.Also, you keep and struggle with all your heroes and decisions from previous savegame, so I strongly recommend to play The Banner Saga first."
76561198003036772,Recommended,281640,22609912,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sloul,"Banner Saga 2 might not be a straight copy of Banner Saga 1, but it's not far to be.There is nothing really new and big, but there are numerous little additions in the combat/level up department:- Heroes can level up to 10 levels- Player can level up heroes in training tent- At level 6 each hero will have the possibility to get a new ability, sometimes Unique (Rook, Alette, Eyvind), sometimes from the pool of other classes (Egil can get the ability of a trasher or other)Here is a reminder of the classes:http://bannersaga.gamepedia.com/ClassSo basically, after level 6 you can dual class.- On top of that, each stat that is maxed (STR, ARM, EXE, WP, etc.) can now get a passive, that usually comes with a % effectiveness. So the game becomes more RNG than BS1.You can have for instance 10,20,30% to do a crit. or 20% to avoid 1,2,3 str damage, if you maxed out STR on a certain character.- New enemies: There are about 3-4 new kind of enemies.Out of combat, there is one little addition, you can now train your clansmen into fighters.But this is where Banner Saga becomes so dull.It doesn't matter how many clansmen or fighters you have. It doesn't matter at all.They are just number/stats, that do not have any impact whatsoever.And to prove further that they are just numbers, Stoic had the good idea to let the player hire fighters on the road in flat numbers.For instance, if any fighter group decide to join you, it will bump your numbers to +50,+100,+20.It's like all the attention to detail to the music, lore, dialogues, etc. sucked Stoic focus, and your clansmen and fighters are the least of their concern.While... you are playing a caravan chieftain that is suppose to pay attention to its men.That was the whole point... the people that you protect...Well, they are just numbers, so, you better prepare to role-play, because nothing in the game will support the fact that they are real number.Enjoy a game with 0 clansmen and 0 fighters, and the inconsistencies of the dialogue and adventure will slap you in the face.I think this is the biggest flaw of the game.Other than Iver loosing his right arm, and then switching to left, switching back to right, and left, and right...But where BS2 really shine is for its choices/consequences aspect. It just expand over Banner Saga.The way I see it.You could compare Banner Saga to a growing tree with 3 branchs, those 3 branchs would reflect the number of choices you made during the game. Now, with BS2, you can add 3 more branchs on each previous branchs.There are a lot more choices to make, and I would say 2 major choices are actually not tied to dialogues, but through combat.Also, there are 3 different ''direct'' ending to this one.I would like to rate BS2 a solid 8/10, I so much want. But the problem is the constant not caring of the devs for the serie issues. None of BS1 issues have been fixed.How is that possible?And for me, there are really just two issues.The dull caravan numbers, and Iver's arm switching there and there. Oh and... yeah, people wound switching, governor hand switching...So for me, it will be a 7/10."
76561197992003047,Recommended,281640,28751515,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VojtCZech,"I loved Banner Saga 1 and I love Saga 2 even more. It's better in almost every aspect with the exception of even more open ending (but it's a middle part of the whole story, so I expected it to be like that).Core gameplay stays the same, but it's much more diverse. Developers added more unit types, skills, more type of enemies and a race of horseborn with unique skills and atributes. Another novelty they added are battlefield objectives - so not every battle requires You to kill every enemy on the field but fullfil some task instead.Visuals are stunning as in first saga. It's pleasant to look at. And there are more cutscenes, animations and voiced monologues to enjoy.Without going into any details that might lead to spoilers - story was captivating and kept me hungry for more trough the whole playtrough (and because of the open ending, I'm still hungry even after finishing it). Choices still matter and some have very harsh consequences.You can start with one of two different main characters (based on the choice from previous installment). I have yet to discover how much different the story will be.Those who liked the previous game will enjoy the second even more.I recommend to play first saga before going to second, because without it You'd be boarding a moving train."
,Not Recommended,281640,28873303,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ICTimez,"Like TBS, TBS2 is a great story game with a terrible strategy game attached to it. The turn-based combat is a drawn-out slog where the best strategy is to delay every fight as long as possible to setup a full team kill, so that weakened enemies waste turns in the meantime. The game also poorly explains many of the new mechanics and skills, and fails to give proper guidance on many missions, forcing you to fail to actually figure out what the win conditions are.The story or ""Oregon Trail Lite"" would be acceptable if you weren't arbitrarily punished by your decisions. There are no difficult decisions to make about what to do, because every choice is either right or wrong. You either pick the right choice and get a bonus, or you pick the wrong choice and a crucial party member is killed or half your caravan is destroyed.---What I originally wrote was just supposed to be a short review, so let me clarify some points. Admittedly I was melodramatic about the game destroying half your caravan and party for a bad choice. That only happens once.Now what makes a good game? Choice.What makes a good story game? Making you feel like your choices had meaning.How does a story game do this? Giving the choices you didn't make, a real impact to the plot.This is why I consider TBS + TBS2 good story games. They have several key decisions that have a major impact on the plot and give your choices real heft. Unfortunately TBS2 is still a good story game with a worse strategy game attached to it.It's important to understand that there are two distinct parts of your strategy in TBS. The turn-based combat part, and the ""Oregon Trail"" part where you basically play a choose your own adventure book. The problem is that the choose your own adventure book only has a few pages where you make a meaningful decision. The other hundred or so pages are just you being rewarded or punished for a choice, and then the story continues.Why is this a problem? When you replay a good story game, trying out the choices you didn't make the first time is rewarding. When you play a bad story game, you realize that the other choices didn't matter or just led to game over screens. TBS doesn't end the game, but it does punish you. That little plus or minus of morale or clansmen is a sign that the choice you made was either wrong or right. And if the only real choice you have is to make the right choice or the wrong choice? Your choice becomes meaningless. The game hides this of course with text, but it doesn't change the binary nature of most of the choices you make, and it muddies the key decisions that really do matter in TBS. If TBS was just a story game this could be ignored, especially because you don't get hit by a game over screen, but unfortunately TBS is also a strategy game.What makes a good strategy game? Being able to implement clever tactics against a clever enemy. Being able to make calculated decisions to win against the adversary.What makes a bad strategy game? Having no real indication of how your choices will affect you. Having a single correct choice instead of multiple.Now TBS2 actually has a solution to the problems I see in it, but before that I'll get to the turn-based combat. Now if you agree with what I said about what makes a good strategy game, you might not understand why I dislike the strategy in TBS2.I actually liked it. In short bites. I had fun on hard until i got halfway and decided to switch to easy and just bruteforce the fights.The problem with the combat is that the campaign rewards cautious behavior too much. Much like in the first TBS, maiming enemies to the point of uselessness and forcing them to waste turns is still the best way to play. Now you have some more options to waste time admittedly. You have more crowd control to play ""keep away"" and lock down dangerous enemies until you can whittle them down into nothing, but the best strategy is still basically slow erosion broken up by a few mass cullings. The highlight of the combat is when you can basically slaughter a half dozen enemies in one go and ride out to victory. And I mean, it's great. It feels like a great way to end a fight, but when the best way to end every fight is doing that? It loses its charm along the way. Real people could be different, but the AI's only real plan is rush you until you die, which is what makes the strategy so effective in the first place.What could fix all of this? For ""Oregon Trail"", if instead of being punished or rewarded for the random events, you instead had to choose how you took the hit/ gain. I.E. choose whether to save fighters or clansmen while your ships are sinking, gather extra supplies while you have time or scout ahead to avoid a battle. TBS2 has a few choices that actually adhere to this (most of them being the key ones I mentioned earlier), which makes it mind boggling to me why it wasn't just used as a format for all of them. Likewise TBS2 also fixes my problem with the turn-based combat in its survival mode, removing enemies from the turn order when they die, and giving you a double turn that allows for much more aggressive tactics and flexibility in your playstyle. Again, why wasn't that just the default, or at least an option.Still going to buy TBS3 probably."
76561198005362575,Recommended,281640,23283204,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Shark Knight,"The Banner Saga 2 it's more of a continuation than a sequel, but the improvements that this game has over the previous one make this game incredibly enjoyable.I know some people found their experience on the past game quite challenging or even frustrating but in TBS2 trust me that you will enjoy this ride like you have never ever enjoyed a Turn based strategy game.Improvements in common gameplay!The caravan system has been vastly improved, now those lazy clansmen actually bring much necessary food/supplies to you! By hunting and foraging and thus keeping up your survavility rate! This allows you to do something that in TBS1 would be unimaginable and that is Purchasing Items from the market! Can you believe it? Well neither can I and that's just awesome!There are awesome items that are worth every renown point.Also random encounters generate higher morale stats which was something very rarely heard in TBS1.Also it has as you begin the game, it explains to you with simplicity and in great detail on how the game works and how each thing works and why is it there and what it means. It's just like they took everything from TBS1 and made it a million times better and added a bunch of new cool awesome stuff.Improvements on heroes!Speaking of which, now your heroes can reach level 10! And whilst in TBS1 it costed a lot of renown, now it's much cheaper. PLUS! they gave us the introduction to new perks! Perks can make your hero into a tank, regenerate will power or armor or simply become a whirlwind of death.Heroes can also obtain a new ability once they reach level 5/6! And this is fantastic as it brings more variations and new strategies to play with.Art Department:As expected of Stoic, TBS2 explodes to unbelivable levels of Awesome and beautiful when it comes to their art department, If you thought that TBS1 was beautiful just you wait until you see this one! The journey overall it's more epic, you see more of the world and it makes you feel like you really are a part of an animated fantasy film! But in this case of a different piece of narrative and art.The music it's beautiful and if you are fan of game/movie music I highly recommend to get the soundtrack, because it just nails it and gets ""them muh feels!"" I would even compare the combination of both to a Jame Cameron movie in the sense of complete immersion.The Narrative it's way more smooth, it gets more interesting and intense. Build up from the 1st game is given fruits on this one and naturally the gae keeps branching on it. We learn more about the world of TBS and it's people. Also the new Godstones are bautiful and interesting.This game has more replayable value than you can imagine, specially due to all of the branching that it has ""not only depending on how you finished the first game"" but also on the decisions that you take during this one.Even if the story is sort of lineal, it is really an RPG since your decisions really take a weigh and reward in this game.It also left me wanting for more because it was awesome, and the new animation segments are great!Seriously, maybe you think its going to be hard but this game it's actually easy BUT! it can also be challenging if you wish it to be so! It also has many surprises depending on what you decide.So yeah! Go for it because it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,281640,25029101,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,facedancer,"The Banner Saga is, and always was planned as, a trilogy. The second installment starts just after the end of the first one, and continues as natually as it could get.Stoic did really well to upgrade the gameplay without ruining the balance, and bring more drama to the storyline. Story-wise this game is somewhat shorter than the first one, but the tactical challenge of combat got to a new level with all new abilities, classes and strategies!The only downside to this game is that we need to have another ~2 year wait to get Banner Saga 3, and the story got so packed and ends abruptly without answering many of the questions so it leaves one itching for the next game."
,Recommended,281640,22697161,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Shira,"Just completed the game and I'd like to say that it was good. Artwork is amazing, so is the music and the general atmosphere that you feel during the gameplay.Didn't like the ending at all, simply because it's not an actual end and I guess Banner Saga 3 is coming.Overall, buy it if you have completed the first part. It definetly worth it's money."
76561197973778278,Recommended,281640,26154806,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Magilla Guerrilla,"The first game was available on Linux.  This sequel isn't available on Linux.  That's disappointing as I backed the original kickstarter explicitly due to their Linux support.Nevertheless the game is fun, it's just like the first but with some new stuff.I'll rec the game even though I'm salty about the Linux betrayal.  Seriously though guys, that was lame."
,Recommended,281640,32083104,Posted: 31 May,all,Helevorn,"The whole Banner Saga franchise is a pleasure for the eyes.The second chapter is literally a continuation of the previous one, and you somehow ""must"" play Banner Saga 1 in order to get everything - this episode starts at the exact point in which the previous one finished.The gameplay is similar, but has been improved in many factors adding variety and difficulty to the combat field and the ""promotion"" of the warriors; now you can go over level 5 for everyone and add abilities and such.It's still an awesome tactical role-playing game, with heavy elements of dialogue and choices which will influence everything, from the warriors you'll fight with to the scenes, to your morale and so on.Overall, if you have played for hours and hours the first Banner Saga you'll find yourself in the same environment, and you'll get used to the new implementations.The graphics are still awesome, even more than before with new ambientations and cinematic actions!I'd really really recommend to anyone this game, it's perfection for a PC tactical RPG!"
76561198007409592,Recommended,281640,33011165,Posted: 29 June,all,Ulfgar Ardo,"Banner Saga 2 is such a rich experience. It made my curse , hope, fail, hate, succesed and regret. It covers the full sprectrum : art, mechanics, story, all of it.It just could be priced more reasonably."
,Recommended,281640,29791813,Posted: 8 February,all,Borracho,"A true epic, the Banner Saga is in a class of it's own and the sequel does not disappoint, even though some parts feel a bit rushed or ""underdone"". Eagerly awaiting the saga's conclusion!"
76561198067344995,Recommended,281640,23412511,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mkhurst,"Great characters, plot, and mechanics. This is not a flashy game, but it's got a lot of heart. And all the beards are meticulously drawn. There is a great diversity of beards in this game."
,Recommended,281640,26491825,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Alegator,"First, I will say that this series is one of my favourites with this entry, the first game was fun and unique but it's just that. The second game is amazing and just blows me away, so know that I am a fan, and proud of it. The third game could be cooked walruss drible and i'd still buy it just to see where the story goes, so take my opinion with a grain of salt, and know that any complaints I have with the game are born out of love and shrivel in the awesome might of my veneration for this studio. In fact Right NOW buy both games, despite anything bad I say, YOU DESERVE TO PLAY THIS.Now on to the review:1. The story is by far the best thing in the series. Unlike telltale games which mostly give you the illusion of choice and the game will continue regardless of your choices unless you miss a quicktime event; Here if you ♥♥♥♥ up, your♥♥♥♥♥is done. It is completely possible for your choices to end up with losing one of your units which you put very valuable resources into training permanently and if your clasnmen die the fights get harder since you are outnumbered, so not only hero units matter.I don't wish to spoil but the very first chapter ends with a brutal culmination of all your choices throughout, and if you were an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or made a stupid call letting people take advantage of you, you could easily find your numbers reduced by half, making half of the remainder of the game comically difficult. Also the game autosaves whenever you finish making a choice so good luck savescumming becouse if you arent hapy you need to restart the chapter to remake choices.2. The gameplay is good, flowing, tactically sound, and addictive. It has its bad and good moments but every fight folds out depending on how you spend your resources.3. The Sound and atmosphere are amazing, and I almost never notice sounds as integral to the game, so imagine how amazing it must be for me to say this. That said, I do believe the soundtrack for purchase is a rippoff,, The sound works best when complementing the visuals which are also amazing, to create a masterfull atmosphere, but by thmeselves, the songs are good, but not great.4. There is not enough of it and ends in a cliffhanger. While this might not sound so bad, the first game understood that the story was the main draw and had a satisfying open ending. This game ends in one of the biggest sudden cop outs ever, just when several storylines from this game and the last are about to be explained in detail, the game ends. This is the game's biggest flaw and might as well be a giant middle finger to any fans on the edge of their seats. It was as much an apropriate ending to this game as a swift knee to the crotch is to wedding vows."
76561197969417125,Recommended,281640,23352554,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,G00N3R,"The Banner Saga 2 is a story driven RPG with a turn based combat system. It picks up right where the previous game ended, with your caravan of Viking style warriors and civilians desperately trying to escape the constant attacks of the Dredge.I thought the first game was good, but not great, however this sequel has significantly improved on some of BS1's flaws, and as a result I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of Banner Saga 2.The Good Stuff•	Turn based combat system functions the same as before, but now has more depth and variety. Higher level heroes have access to more special abilities. One of your heroes, and a new type of Dredge, can turn invisible to set up a stealth attack. Another hero can summon an ally to help out. A new type of cavalry unit can retreat a few squares after making their attack. A couple of battles have special win conditions instead of just ""kill everyone"".•	The choices that you have to make along the journey are tough, and can sometimes have unexpected consequences. Its impossible to save everyone, but there were definitely some times when I think I made the wrong choice, which resulted in lots of people dying, and I felt pretty bad.•	The story is very well written. Its pretty intense and exciting for the whole game, and it ends in such a way that makes me very interested to see what happens in the next game.•	Music is excellent, sets the mood perfectly.•	Roughly 14 hours long, worth a full price purchase.•	Flawless technical performance.Stuff that I would like to see improved in BS3•	Only a handful of key moments have voice acting. I want the whole game to be voiced - and keep the Scandinavian accents, because they're a perfect fit for the theme of the game.•	BS2 has a few animated cutscenes that allows the player see the action, rather than just reading about it. These cutscenes look amazing, so I want more of those.•	The player will encounter several traders along the journey, where they can buy items to equip on heroes and buff their stats in combat. But why can't we sell unwanted items?ConclusionThe Banner Saga 2 is an excellent game, and it gets a really strong positive recommendation from me. If you enjoyed the first game, this is a must buy. If you never played BS1, I would advise playing that first, because if you start with BS2 you probably won't understand the story or who the characters are (there is a short recap, but its not really that useful)."
,Recommended,281640,32761006,Posted: 25 June,all,Solipsisticurge,"Excellent continuation of the series. Enemies are more varied, the story goes deeper and darker (though the story entire seems biased toward one side of an endgame decision from the original), and I still sweat over keeping the largely gameplay irrelevant survivor count as high as possible. Can't wait for the finale!"
,Recommended,281640,22604934,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BANDAGE MAN,"Fantastic visuals and very beautiful. Rich-story line, every dialogue and cutscene is special and worth it, it's bad if you miss one. Your choices affect the game by increasing/decreasing your morale, losing your soldiers or families you are carrying with you. I love how the parties split and you get to play both of them until you reach the destination. Combat is well done, easy to learn; hard to master. Very difficult if you do not have a Varl while on hard mode.11.5/10"
76561198047201678,Recommended,281640,27516610,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cozzer,"If you liked the first episode, you will love the second.The basics of the gameplay are unchanged. You are the leader of a caravan of survivors. Your job is to make tough choices during the way and to control the best fighters of the caravan during important battles. You can bring your heroes up to level 10 this time, unlocking new skills and new tiers of previous skills. The variety of both units and enemies is noticeably improved, and each battle is an interesting tactical challenge.Sadly, the same can't be said about the ""tough choices"". While there ARE several interesting choices where each option is reasonable and no option is perfect, and you'll really have to reflect on what's more important to you, almost all of the small choices you'll find along the way are random ""gotcha"" moments, where you'll be punished for not having read into the developers' minds. There are no interesting tradeoffs or moral ambiguities there, just arbitrarily right choices and arbitrarily wrong choices.Despite the annoying arbitrariety in the results, though, these small events work very well as a way to immerse you in the story and make you feel like the main character feels, a leader who hasn't chosen to be one and who is learning the job as he or she goes along.It's very difficult to talk about the story without making spoilers, so I'll just say that it's good. There are new characters, several climatic moments and towards the end you even begin to get a few parts of the answers to the big misteries that have been looming in the background since the first episode started. The third and last episode will make or break the story, but this second episode does a great job of building up towards a great climax."
76561198140062060,Not Recommended,281640,22583198,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,futonfutonda,"Disappointing.While there is some improvement in the tactical battles (several new features added), it feels like the story/travel element has been seriously neglected this time around. The first game had a really good structure - the story was split in two, with you alternately leading a rag-tag band of refugees, or a rock hard army of giant monster killers. The characterisation was pretty good - the motivations were clear, and there was some belivable and interesting interaction between the characters in your groups. As the game went on, things got progressively worse, and since there was (at least for me) a serious danger of starving to death, I felt as if my decisions were pressured.This time around - there are too many characters, and very few of them have anything to say or much to do with the story. I guess this is due to the problem of branching and the fact that, due to previous player decisions, many of these could have died - it must be difficult (or at least time consuming) to give these characters meaningful story lines - and the developers haven't. (Though a few of these disposable characters did pop up to say things like ""I can't believe I'm not dead"" and ""Maybe I would be better off dead""... and then proceed to try and get themselves killed.)Again, depending on the decisions made in the first game, one of your main characters may be a young girl/woman (not really clear how old she is) - it really strained credibility for me that she should be (seemingly) in charge of everything - in the first game there was a clear sense that leadership was given to the most experienced and trusted person - that seems to have gone out of the window this time around. The other main character is supposed to be a ruthless mad man, which I didn't really identify with. In general, the dialogue seemed a lot less interesting - the characters have been blandified (introduction of much faening swearing slightly jarring) apart from the completely mad characters, who are incomprehensible.In the first game there was an element of mystery as to what was going on, but the basic motivations of the main characters were crystal clear. In this one, I just got more and more confused as the game went on - having seen the ending - I'm still none the wiser as to what was going on or what the point of half of the narrative was.Several deus ex machina devices used, and in contrast to the first game, the travel sections get easier and less pressurized as the game continues.Also slightly annoying how many of the varl die in every battle - aren't these guys supposed to be rock solid?Anyway, sadly, I'm going to have to hang up my banner (or whatever) and give future installments of this series a miss. Bit sad, because I really enjoyed the first one!"
76561198015033734,Recommended,281640,22527796,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Neirenne,"I have about 80 hours in the original game, which is finishable in 10-15. You might say I like it a little. So I'm probably a little biased in writing this review, but I honestly wasn't guaranteed to like this game upon release, since I was mildly skeptical of some of the changes the devs had hinted at implementing. I think a lot of times when devs try to change up a formula in response to criticism, they end up creating new problems that are sometimes worse than what they'd started with (looking at you Bioware and the way you stole my dialogue wheels in Mass Effect).But Stoic Studio, in my opinion, successfully navigated the balance between resolving criticisms and weaknesses of the first game without undermining or changing what made the original great. Every little tweak made the game better, not worse. A few important changes: the morale system  is so much clearer-- in the original game it took me multiple playthroughs to pick up on the interaction between some choices and morale shifts; the cutscenes are more dynamic and the voice-overs more frequent so that it has even more of a 'cinematic' feel (but runs in 60 fps!) in the sense of watching a classic animated film; the music is even more beautiful (was that even possible?? Austin Wintory is fabulous) and most of all, the combat is much better.I was among those who actually liked the original combat, so I was worried they'd throw the baby out with the bathwater in their promises to make it more complex (especially in response to criticisms that it wasn't enough like other turn-based strategy games). But I think I can safely say that really do think they hit on just the right notes for it. The fights and mechanics feel familiar and still absolutely approachable. It’s the same bones and sinews of combat. But the tweaks they’ve added blend with the old instead of conflicting with them — like instead of just slapping a new face on top of the the body, they gave it more muscle. They took everything that was good from the old combat and embellished on it instead of throwing it away, while trimming away the weaknesses, where I think a lot of devs might’ve said ‘people don’t like the combat? Better start from scratch.’TL;DR is: If you liked the original, you'll absolutely like its continuation because it builds on its strengths; if you *didn't* like the original, you should definitely consider giving its sequel a shot because it's fixed what made it weak before."
76561198025428821,Recommended,281640,29072721,Posted: 6 January,all,dice,"Saga&trilogy feeling of Lord of the Rings meets bonding with your units that have high impact but also low survivability as in X-Com. Really good soundtrack, desire to gather more renown points and a captivating (if side-scrolling) aesthetic and rhythm   give that unbelievable craving of ""Just one more turn"".Highly recommended, same as the first part."
,Recommended,281640,29527740,Posted: 27 January,all,ghostmourn,"The Banner Saga 2 is a story driven RPG with turn based combat in a engaging and apocalyptic viking fantasy.I found the story and art work to be beautiful and well writen as they were in the first game but in the sequal many systems are impoved and fleshed out, with TBS2 you get the feeling the Devs really hit there stride with TBS series.In most every way The Banner Saga 2 is even better than TBS 1, also many hours of great strategy gameplay can be had with the additon of survival mode on top of the core game. The Survival Mode was released as a free patch from Stoic.""Survival Mode"" is a 40 map back to back challenge for your party along with the new skills & talents is a huge bonus if you like the in depth turn based strategy combat system.About the combat system: I learned the TBS combat system is about monitoring the order of battle and clicking on th enemy units to show there range of movment so you can predict the AI's next moves - like chess some battles you must look several moves ahead to win. There is an ellement of RNG to what enemy units you face on a given map but most if not all battles can be won given the right strategy.(They have a deal atm, if you kickstart TBS3 you can pay 20$ and get the first 2 games as well if you are looking to buy the series and save a few bucks.)"
76561198077031959,Recommended,281640,29097086,Posted: 7 January,all,Seacow_92,"A continuation of the Banner Saga (which I loved). The game continues with the epic tale of survival amongts a world that is falling apart. The music, the art style and the characters are fantastic! Honestly, this is one of those series that I never expected much from but I continue to love the simple gameplay and the lore of this world. Definitely recommend to those who like choice-based games and strategic combat."
76561198013592756,Recommended,281640,23337142,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ironnsites,"Banner Saga 2 is an impressive piece of video game storytelling. The guys at Stoic really do put other companies to shame in the areas of story and choice/consequence. There is no \""good decision\"" or \""bad decision\"" (or blue for paragon red for renegade) in the game. You are simply given a series of choices with logical responses. You choose the response you think is best and sometimes you are right and sometimes the decision haunts you when you go to sleep at night.This combined with a compelling battle system makes Banner Saga 2 a solid sequal to its predocessor."
76561198009036015,Not Recommended,281640,22730210,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Markus,"The art is gorgeous, the tactical battles are fun, the KoDP-style clan decisions are made interesting by the occasionally severe consequences of making a bad call. The game's great for the first 99% of it.That cliffhanger ending, though. ♥♥♥♥ that.Note to video game writers: give me some clear, definite resolution, some sort of big, satisfying victory at the end of the game. You can then set up the dramatic cliffhanger immediately after that. If your game just feels like it ends right in the middle of something, you ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Recommended,281640,22572074,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ColonelCrabcake,"The Banner Saga 2 is a terrific pickup... if you enjoyed the first one.The Good:The story continues in an expectedly hopeless manner, but it throws a few curve balls and left me excited for the third installment. The artwork remains beautiful and even though you spend the majority of your time watching your caravan trek endlessly left across your screen, man does it look good.  The characters are also much more compelling this go around, but that might just be that it is fresher in my mind. Seriously, Bolverk and Iver and Hakon, hell all the Varl are just amazing. If you really get in the head of the protagonists, instead of choosing what you believe are optimal paths, the decision making weighs heavily on you.  At its heart, this game is a visual novel and to play it like Fire Emblem is just silly.The Bad:The Combat.  So many people like the Armor vs Strength combat thing, and its cool but it is so flawed. Turn order needs a serious rework for Banner Saga 3. I learned this in the first one, and  slogged through it in the sequel, but the optimal tactics are not the realistic ones. Often it is advantageous to leave enemy combatants with 2 or 3 strength rather than killing them, because it is better to have a weak enemy in the turn order.  I got it handed to me several times in Banner Saga 1 before I figured this out because I would one-shot all the weaker enemies and then the 2 or 3 remaining big dudes would alternate turns wrecking me.  My biggest complaint with the game.  But like I said, it is a visual novel at its core and there are only I think half a dozen fights in the game that have major story developments attached to them.Neutral:Illusion of Choice. This could be good, depending on your outlook I suppose. But sometimes it feels like you are at the mercy of a bad DM. No matter what you do, bad things happen to you and no decision is correct. It really plays into that hopelessness but some of the ""Surprise!"" bad things that happen to you are super ham-fisted.  For a decision based, heavy narrative RPG sometimes you feel at the whim of the writers. Maybe it plays into the despair more than I am letting on and it does feel like things are out of your control, but to me that wasn't always a good thing.The Verdict: Play it.  If you haven't played the first one, its like five bucks on sale all the time.  It isn't better or worse necessarily. It's definitely an improvement, but it doesn't quite have the wonder the first one gave you. It's like Pokemon sequels. They're better, but they aren't the same."
76561198035696712,Recommended,281640,26062535,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,GrungyBadger,Oregon Trail: Ragnarok Edition
,Not Recommended,281640,22618936,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DEMOMAN,"Story: The previous game had a good ending with a satisfying final battle that paced itself well in terms of progression, but this game ends just short and leaves a bad taste in your mouth with a bunch of loose ends and more plot devices that need explaining. You finally get to the main city you've been marching towards all game and you're there for like 5 minutes  and then..it just ends. I expected to pan back to rook/alette in Aberrang after the ""final boss"" but you don't, it leaves you with a terrible cliffhanger ending. The horseborn also felt rushed, they show up at the very end of the game and aren't written very well at all. I would have also liked more dialogue from the Varl and humans in general but that fell short tooGameplay: The battle gameplay is better with some new abilities and talents but the amount of fighters and varl in your caravan matters less than the first game, there's zero reason to train fighers, there's no big battle mechanic from the first so it does not matterOverall 7/10, could have been better if the final stretch of the game wasn't rushed. The developers should have kept it to a couple of good plot devices, not a bunch of weak ones with barely any explanation. The ending is absolutely horrible, and with all this new BS introduced I doubt 3 is going to even be able to have a coherent story.  The first game was better(8.5/10), pick this one up on sale"
76561197972918580,Recommended,281640,22735223,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stalbon,"The Banner Saga 2 is, without a doubt, a magnificent game to behold.  The sequel to 2014's 'The Banner Saga', this is a strategy-RPG that picks up directly after that game's ending, and continues on with Stoic's epic Norse-inspired fantasy story.Once again, you have a caravan that you guide through the world in a very 'Oregon Trail'-esque journey, where events stop you along the way and either prompt decisions which affect you and your people or prompt battle.When you enter battle, the game enters a tile-based strategy mode where you move your units along the outlined area and choose to attack or use special commands.While there is a recap you can follow from the main menu, to experience this fantastic journey fully, you MUST play the original game.  For veterans of that title, you can pull your finished game save points and load them in here, along with all of the choices you made from the previous chapters.  From there on, you can expect more of the same.  Stoic has added new characters and abilities, and while there is a bit too much hand-holding for the first chapter, from then on everything truly seems to matter.  They've also gone above and beyond their previous efforts, including many more gorgeous animations and larger fullscale art pieces for us to enjoy.If you like epic fantasy, if you like strategy RPGs, or even if you're just a lover of fine art and moving symphonies, this is a great game to check out."
,Recommended,281640,22702414,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,❀Rich❀Chigga❀,"This particular saga never fails to amaze me and encapture my imagination. From various diverse character personalities , to gorgeous illustrations and a beautiful story , this is far one of the best games ever !It is totally worth getting !"
,Recommended,281640,22622495,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dkota from the lights,"It's the original but better in almost every way except for the story, which gets kinda lame at the end. And that's just because it's the second in a trilogy, so expect the story to be better in the third game.The design and music are improved and much better integrated this time around, and there's not as much random empty space that sticks out either. More animated cutscenes are nice, and more interesting characters are always a plus. Shame some of the original's characters and plot threads get almost no exposure, even though i thought they would have gotten their arcs in this one.Raven segments aren't as much fun as Skogr segments but it's not a problem.You can also get Eirik to train a war bear. So that's cool."
,Recommended,281640,22618040,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,fenrir,"Banner Saga gives you the same feeling you got when you watched Lord of the Rings, for the first time."
,Recommended,281640,24603832,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,dvivo,"This game is a rare gem.The story, characters, art, soundtrack, environment - All absolutely amazing!I cannot compare it to other games as for me this was (actually still is as the saga continues..) a unique experience.It doesn't matter what game genres you usually play, I believe this is something no one would want to miss.I wish I could brag being one of the backers that first founded this masterpiece.. but alas, I missed it at the time."
76561198052297583,Recommended,281640,22909238,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dunecat,"The Banner Saga 2 is more......more tension,more surprises,more survival,more emotion,more conflict,more atmosphere,more epicness,and it is still more than more of the same. ;)I love it!"
,Recommended,281640,25977440,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ossobuko,I was waiting for this game since I played the first. The first game was great and impressed me with its pretty graphics and interesting story. The second game does the same.
,Recommended,281640,34441023,Posted: 23 August,all,BumbleBear,An excellent continuation of the great story that is The Banner Saga. This world of myth and legends keeps unraveling slowly and leaves you wanting more and more like a good novel.
76561198022203348,Recommended,281640,32875159,Posted: 27 June,all,Mad,"The Banner Saga 2 carries on the Story and sucks you in after the first few minutes..The additions to the chess-like fighting system are subtle, but they give you yet another new layer of strategic choices. Those who played the first part will know, the game is all about choices. Choices that may lead to the death of a loved character, choices that make you laugh out loud and also choices that may make you question yourself."
76561198115716026,Recommended,281640,31013867,Posted: 8 April,all,Gojusan,"Just as beautiful as the first game. I do wish sometimes the text were a bit more clear on what I'm choosing between, but overall this is an epic series that I love forever."
76561198120583894,Recommended,281640,34379469,Posted: 20 August,all,SLAYER,"I reccomend getting the first one before you play this. This is a singleplayer game, the only thing that draws is the great story."
76561198044795087,Recommended,281640,22545907,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Frank the Fish,"Fantastic game, Great story, visuals and soundtrack"
76561198006756264,Recommended,281640,26431052,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"I'm conflicted. This game is easily 9+/10, a small masterpiece, but it's got one of the most lame endings I've ever seen. It's so bad it almost completly ruins an experience. When 90% of the game is 9+/10 and the ending is 1/10, I've got no idea what the overall score is. I still recommend it and wait for the 3rd part where they will hopefully somehow fix the storyline."
76561198066549240,Recommended,281640,25013799,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,RedruM,"Highly recommend this game.It has some very obvious similarities to Viking lore (which I love) mixed with cool fantasy, like magic and giants, I mean... that is cool enough in itself but what makes the game really shine is:- The art is beautiful and has a lot of atention to detail.- The music is fantastic and fits the whole mood of the game perfectly.- The turn based battle system is varied and has good depth.- The managment of your banner-men inbetween batlles is fun and well-balanced.- It also has great story and lore if you're interested in that.If you like good turn based aesthetic strategy games then buy it already!"
,Recommended,281640,22545972,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Smoker,Everything I liked about the first plus more stuff.
76561198055427633,Recommended,281640,23106674,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ovenborn,"A fantastic instalment to an already amazing game!The Banner Saga 2 fixes and improves all the cons of the first one while adding intrestings twist to the games rich story. How did it fix the first game's problems:1. The Banner Saga 2 features dozens of new enemies to enrich the game's brutal combat with increased tactics and better AI.2. The story continues onwards. The Banner Saga's heartbreacking tale of sacrifice and frantic survival continue in this instalment by building onto the previous chapter and its respected choices, even the littlest ones came back to haunt me.3. The renown system has been replaced with a more forgiving one that allows you to spare more food and supplies towards leveling up your caravan's heros.4. Rather than punishing you with starvation at every turn, the Banner Saga 2 places a bigger focus on the choices and the picture at large. It WILL punish your every mistake swiftly and viciously!5. Finally, the heros change and grown in a way that is much more visable and rewarding to the player. It could be as simple as watching Rook coup with his loss, or Bolverk's slow descent. Either way the game leaves the impression that you have just watched an epic saga take one more step on its journey.(Please note that I played the game offline, so the hour count is incorrect)"
,Recommended,281640,22742584,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Capt.Sweglord,Epic
76561198003654330,Recommended,281640,31498701,Posted: 1 May,all,SardonicCynic,"Really good continuation of its predecessor.  Distinctive new characters and settings, with the same great combat system as BS1."
76561198000845028,Recommended,281640,32953996,Posted: 28 June,all,dickeyj2316,One of my favorite games.  Characters and story line are immersive.  Visual style and soundtrack complete the experience.  Love the added survival mode.  Gives the game much more replay value than the first Banner Saga.  Definitely looking forward to the 3rd game in the series.
,Recommended,281640,22609107,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Doctor Buzzkill,"The Banner Saga was an interesting game, but I wouldn't call it a must-play one. By contrast The Banner Saga 2 *is* a must-play one - it's one of the best examples of a sequel fixing everything that was wrong with the original that I've seen in recent times. The story and world-building are top-notch, the combat is better (or at least far less tedious), having all of your clansmen starve because you made stupid decisions that tossed all of the supplies into the river is just as painful as it was before, and the entire thing looks and sounds even more gorgeous than the first game. It's a tremendous improvement."
,Recommended,281640,22612094,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Chaplain Daniel,The Banner Saga 2 is an outstanding sequel of the masterpiece. Even more exciting and epic than the original game. Bigger and better. Just launch it and you won't regret.The Saga continues...
76561198150659586,Recommended,281640,29528610,Posted: 27 January,all,c2312,"A better game than the original, in my opinion. The story is an improvement, and the newly introduced races and creatures give battles more variety than what was found in the first game.I'd recommend this game to anyone who liked the first Banner Saga even a little bit, since this game is a definite improvement on the first. If you haven't played the Banner Saga before, I recommend playing that first because this game directly continues the story of the first game."
76561198101888939,Recommended,281640,22786453,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Inner Ninja,"When it ended, the first thing i googled was ""banner saga 3 release date"". Now I wallow in anxiety for the next 2ish years waiting for a ending to this game.#EgilAlette4evah"
,Recommended,281640,25357150,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nafeij,"A game that, despite its shortcomings, picks up well from the prequel, continuing to excel at keeping the player engaged and entertained with its gourgeous art, gripping storytelling and intuitive combat system. Highly unique and would definitely recommend this and its prequel!"
,Recommended,281640,26168129,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Virtuoso1,"One of the best strategy games I've played, and it also has a compelling story and lots of lore.  That is The Banner Saga.  Play the first one before you play this one.  You make decisions that matter and the battle system is clever and strategic.  The Banner Saga 2 is a worthy successor to the first gem.Edit:  I recently beat the game and I thought it was much easier than the first.  Play on hard difficulty for a bigger challenge.  Still a great game that you should NOT pass on."
,Recommended,281640,22521848,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,XenoFractal,"Disclaimer: I was a huge Banner Saga 1 fan, my only complaint being it was too short.  I have not finished this yet but it seems like it will be longer as much as I have played.Okay, on to the review.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥This game improves so much upon the mechanics from the previous installment.  There are more levels!  One slight pet peeve of mine is that now leveling takes a good bit less renown, so I feel like I wasted a lotta renown in my last run, but thats okay.  There are new ""talents"" which you unlock after maxing out skills, and puts those excess skill points from more levels to use.  You can level to level 10 now.  That about covers leveling.Camp and markets are largely unchanged.  Dialogue seems a lot more tense and enjoyable in this game, which is saying something.Anyways, so the combat system is as far as I can see mainly unchanged, but its been spiced up.  There are barricades which people can take cover behind or attack to destroy. Core mechanics remain quality, and some exciting new abilites are popping up with the new recruits.I have not encountered the new race but I hold out hopes they will be great.  Will update this later when I know more.Overall so far rating of 8.9/10.  Great game, buy it if you were a fan of the first.  If you weren't, go buy/replay the first and get convinced, then buy this!UPDATE:I have finished the game.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it fun.  The systems have been improved upon greatly and the new race is a blast.  Rebalances have made the game a bit more fair, and the new level cap means your old characters are not obsolete.  New enemies (and some old ones) reappearing prevent combat from becoming boring or unsettling.Now for a sad thing.  I have encountered a bug (Thats ONE BUG in an entire game).  It does not affect gameplay significantly, but occasionally during combat characters will become invisible.  The outline below them remains, and the health indicators do not disappear, but the player model is invisible.  This applies to both heroes and enemies.However, since in 29 hours of gameplay I have only encountered a single bug in an otherwise masterful game, I am willing to forgive a small sin.As others have said, this does lack a bit in story due to it being in the middle of a trilogy.  However, this entire game beautifully rises in dramatic action, with perpetually escalating conflict and a permanent sense of impending doom that really ties it all together.Updating score to 9.4/10."
76561198037222425,Recommended,281640,23799400,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lord Gek,"While I'm sure Banner Saga 2's main mode is a great tactical rpg, I far prefer the new Survival Mode's series of tougher and tougher battles for highscore without a bunch of story stuff!  I especially appreciate how I could jump right into this Survival Mode right off the bat."
,Recommended,281640,22573476,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Albie,"If you liked the first Banner Saga then you'll love this one, as it expands and improves nearly every aspect of the game. I'd buy it thrice-over. Storywise, I've found myself put back in a state of awe at how well-written it is for a team of less than four people, not to mention the soundtrack, which I find even more phenomenal than the first. It has great gameplay, believable writing, an excellent soundtrack, and another sequel on the way."
76561198173459466,Recommended,281640,24132710,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Phii,"The second game in the Banner Saga Series, but no less beautiful or original. The story take more than one surprising turn, and you meet interesting new characters as well as races.Pros:+ I didn't think it was possible, but the visuals are even more elaborate in BS2, with short but high end animations. No lazy re-use of old character bases or backgrounds, originality also here up to par with the first game.+ I appreciated that clansmen are now able to collect food, since supplies always were a problem for me in the first game and the clansmen were pretty much dead-weight. Also, I haven't run into any bugs so I'm guessing the devs really learned from the feedback they got first time around.+ Again, the story is still super interesting, now with even more aspects and point of views. It's a fascinating way of story-telling, even though sometimes I did just want to stick to Rook's/Alette's group.Cons:- Some things in the plot did seem forced or out of character. But it isn't a major issue.- I was once again surprised by how short the game was. I was done with my first playthtough after only 12h. This is probably the only issue I have with the game series. I was pretty dissapointed and at this point I'm bound to buy the third game. It's a good marketing staregy, I guess.For people who haven't played BS1, there is a pretty self explanatory introduction, so you could start playing the second game directly. Now I wouldn't recommend it, because the first game is as much as an experience as the second, but I do suggest buying it on sale and not full price, considering it's expensive for the limited content it offers."
,Recommended,281640,31438384,Posted: 29 April,all,Nemi,"A great continuation of the first game. Clansmen are actually useful now!If I had one quibble then it would be that some of the characters don't feature enough, but that is understandable iventeh tight focus on the POV protagonists."
76561198002217828,Recommended,281640,34763115,Posted: 5 September,all,Jazzor,"Great atmosphere, music and visuals. Well written dialogue and an amazing story."
,Recommended,281640,22528046,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Sean,"Absolutely loving this so far.  Just like it's predecessor, it is one of the few games I have ever played where I have a deep emotional connection to practically every playable character.  The atmosphere is rich, the decisions that you are faced with have meaning and dire purpose, and it is all housed in an interface that allows you to be absorbed in the grand tale itself without distraction.  I love the minimalist nature of the writing in the sense that so much is conveyed in every sentence that it leaves you fleshing out minor details as if you were reading a good fantasy novel.  All the while, a lush soundscape exists at a level that adds to the atmosphere, but never distracts from it.If you enjoy tactical strategy games, this is a must to own."
,Recommended,281640,22543373,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Wee Weirdling,"A classic example of getting attached to characters, bringing them over to the next game, get even more attached/betrayed. Find new ones to get attached to, and end with a super exciting cliffhanger :D"
76561198150253103,Recommended,281640,24586020,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,fsm223,"A bit less slaughter than it was in the first chapter, but still the best Nordic experience you can get out of today market.Worth playing at least because of plot twists, which are just mindblowing."
,Recommended,281640,28174192,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Oleas,Isometric turn-based combats + Amazing story = Perfect Game
,Recommended,281640,22529792,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Syntarus,"Really, really good.Very satisfying, excellent continuation of the story and it leaves me very excited for the finale. Tons of interesting stuff happpens, and I had a lot of fun playing it.Combat has also been greatly improved, with characters now learning a second combat skill and the ability to learn really useful abilities based on your stats. Only thing I didn't like was the larger amount of obstacles. The worst example is a point where I was able to set up some barricades, but I found the slowed me down more than the enemy.Admittedly, I also found the first half of the story to be much weaker than  the later half. There were no real major surprises until the middle, which is where is really becomes interestin. I also wished their were more different characters that you could choose to recruit, though too many would probably have bloated the ranks too much.These small gripes aside this game is really fun, and I couldn't stop playing after I got to the midpoint."
76561198116869979,Not Recommended,281640,28247338,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ggtw14,A definite step down from the first game. Your character stats are capped too low in comparision to the enemies that you routinely face. There are about  a hundred reasons that your guys shed strength and armor every single turn. The level cap is higher in this one but you gain very slim benefits for heavy upgrade costs. Morale is always poor at any point in the game. The menders all share the same abilities while the enemy spell casters posses a much wider range of powers. The plot isn't as powerful as the first one.
,Recommended,281640,22520773,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,lucky_hit,"The funny thing is i was waiting this game since Banner Saga came out. So as you can predict I'm amazed by Stoic Studio work. It's not the game of the year for sure. But it's the masterpiece work for the guy who was spending a lot of cold russian winter nights in this epic Viking saga (including multiplayer Factions experience). I'm trying to not be hyped but it's too hard after 2 years of waiting. 10 of 10. Even given the fact i have only 1,5 hrs on record. :Raider:"
76561197968410585,Recommended,281640,22640874,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,AdricTheGreat,"This game is beautifully scultped, both in gameplay and visuals. Why are you still reading this review? You should be playing The Banner Saga. Get part one first if you haven't."
,Recommended,281640,24303678,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kaiie,"Similar to the first one, I got this game under several friends recommendations.I really enjoyed the experience of the second game, similar to the first. It felt like they took a majority of what they did right in the first, and built on top of it. Even better, they added a Survival Mode (which is eating up all my time, the achievement goals for it really make it challenging too, if you're into that). I like how you are also rewarded for actually trying to get the achievements in the game, that's something that is quite rare, but was a nice feature for someone who likes to try and get them all anyways!I've played through the story twice, though I probably won't play through it again, if only, because I find survival mode more entertaining. (Not to take away from the story / campaign, it was awesome!)For those who want to try Survival Mode, I do suggest you at least complete the story once, so that it does not spoil anything for you! (If you don't care, then by all means, go ahead and play it)Overall, I think this game was incredible, and I can't wait to see what other RPG games Stoic can develop. (Fingers crossed for a Banner Saga 3!)"
76561198119652039,Recommended,281640,22757271,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,All Terrain Venomoth,"I'd say the best comparison to this game would be the Empire Strikes Back. It's a better iteration than the first game, but does not stand on it's own nearly as well. Do NOT play this game before the first one. Play Banner Saga 1 and then play 2."
,Recommended,281640,24062510,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Deichgraf,"As somber and beautiful as the first game.Combat has evolved slightly. It can be challenging even on lower difficulty settings.The story is a seamless continuation of the first game and told through hard choices and even small cutscenes.If you liked the first game, this is a must buy.I've fallen deeply in love with the world and the characters of ""The Banner Saga"" and can't wait for the third installment."
76561198001980312,Recommended,281640,29655294,Posted: 2 February,all,Chummy 8,"Like the first game, Banner Saga 2 is a beautiful game. The combination of music, art, and story make this game a temporary addiction for me. I marathon these relatively short games in the span of a day or 2. I just need to see how the story unfolds.I love the character development and the party builds that you can make. I love how decisions, even losing battles, has a consequence which will play out in the third game.This is a strategy game that I have to recommend to just about anyone.  Play the first one first tho."
76561198030778422,Recommended,281640,22715445,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Frankerpulten,"I really really enoyed this game and how well it crafts not only excellent and rich characters but a huge and historied world.  I am in love with its art, and the beautiful perfect fantasy of it.  Agh, can't wait for the next one!!"
,Recommended,281640,22710997,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dholly,the best game ever played12/10
,Recommended,281640,22724319,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dachnak,"My favourite game in a long time. It has everything I might look for in a videogame: beautiful artstyle, wonderful soundtrack, compelling plot and - most importantly - incredibly well balanced and innovative game mechanics. A turn-based RPG that is truly one-of-a-kind.The second installment has stayed true to its predecessor, with a few fresh changes. The only addition I personally disliked was that more weight was given to chance, as the player now has to rely more heavily on crits and the like (one of the main character for instance always hits a random target among those who surround him). This makes the Banner Saga 2 a bit less of the chess-like game its prequel was, but definitely doesn't hinder it from shining."
76561198116101046,Recommended,281640,22806182,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,SwiftxJustice,"I have really loved both of the banner saga games, though they really should be consumed as a single game. While I love the story their is a problem that has persisted in both of the games so far, the endings. Both games feel like while they have a ending they dont reach ""the ending"". That being said if you're OK with it being about the journey instead of the destination, definetly pick up both games however if you feel you really need a complte story, perhaps wait untill the banner saga 3 comes out."
76561198023376885,Recommended,281640,30119165,Posted: 23 February,all,Gamera,"Pros- the soundtrack is beautifully composed.- great art- battle feel more dynamic than the first one (still turn-based)- more enemies type- more decisions and storylinesthis is a turn based tactical role-playing game, so if you don't like turn based combat then you probably don't like this game."
76561198003479161,Recommended,281640,25140568,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Wizard,"Just as awesome as the first one and even couple new features that I enjoyed, like Training. I loved the characters and the story. My only gripe as the same as first game, too short. I finished this one in 16 hours and the first was 21 hours."
,Recommended,281640,23898808,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,catholicbatman,"The Good:+Artwork (Just as good, if not better than the first Banner Saga)+Storyline (interactive and interesting - for the majority of the time)+Personalization (choices do impact how things work out)+Review of Original Storyline+Great explanation of mechanics (Learned many things I didn't know in the first game)+Fixed problems from first game (more ways to get supplies, renown worth more)+Turn based mechanics are good (lots of options for different strategies)+Feels very Oregon Trail-esqueThe Bad:-Forced to use certain heroes that you may not have promoted because you didn't know they would need to be used-Not knowing how long it will take to get from one place to another makes it hard to plan apporpriately with supplies-Some abilities seem useless in combatThe Ugly:- GAME ENDING - The ending has to be the worst ending to a game I have ever seen. It seems as if the creators must be setting up for a third game, but they did not leave any closure on this game at all and it was simply terrible."
76561198068271494,Recommended,281640,32736525,Posted: 24 June,all,Noriq,One of the best story experiences i've had in a game.
76561198041666518,Recommended,281640,22890321,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DrunKeN RaiN,This is a real franchise. Big companies should search for and polish niche gems instead of puking expensive garbage.
,Recommended,281640,23908073,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Giopeppe,"Great title.From a gameplay point of view, it's better than the first part, not very different, but quite an evolution of the first chapter's mechanics, with a bit of added variety.From a story and narration point of view, it's on par or slightly a bit less epic than the first part, possibly due to ""difficult second album syndrome"".The drawings are gorgeous and the OST from Wintory it's TOTALLY awesome also in this second part, really a masterwork.There have been a couple of nasty bugs in the realease, but they're nearly all addressed right now.For me it's 8 out of 10.If you've liked the first, it's MANDATORY."
76561197997753928,Recommended,281640,23737824,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Broski,"Much the same experiance as BS1, however built upon to expand gameplay, as any good sequel should be. The creators explain the additions in detail if one is curious.A few items in conjunction with the new 'talent ranks' can lead to certain characters being slightly overpowered, but thats just in the spirit of the game. Breaking games with OP builds that you found is a rewarding experiance.Overall, same time to beat as the first, so its solid in that regard. Looking forward to a third!"
76561197975359487,Recommended,281640,22762684,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Savage,"If you enjoyed Banner Saga 1, like I did, then you'll get great enjoyment out of this.You'll get roughly around 10 hours (completion time for me) out of the game as a whole, which is quite good, although I felt it could do with an extra 2 hours of content, which I'll come to later.In terms of improvements; honestly, I've not noticed any. That's not a bad thing, it's just that Banner Saga is rather singular, there's only so much they can do with the game, and it is essentially as the first one was. There have been a few additions to combat (which I don't consider improvements), new abilities and such. I will say however that there is more animations for this one in terms of small cutscenes, which are done very well.And one of the favourite aspects of Banner Saga - for me anyhow - is the music. The music is still fantastic, and very much immersive. The voice overs are also well done, and suit the characters that they are attributed to very well.One thing I've been critical of concerning the series is its combat. To be fair, the combat is quite deep. Surprisingly so for a game like this. But I do think the series suffers because of that. Normally I love deep strategic mechanics, but here it feels really tacked on, and not needed. Combat in Banner Saga has always been a convoluted mess I found, and Banner Saga 2 doesn't really improve upon that. I also found myself becoming affected by abilities in combat from the enemy that were not blatantly obvious, although this didn't become apparent until later on when facing Dredge stonesingers and so on. As the game continued on,I found combat to be more of a chore than a pleasure to play. I enjoyed the story and narrative, and simply felt that the combat just dragged things down. A much more simpler mechanic (but not overly simplified) would certainly benefit this game.And now comes the bit about the length of the game. 10/11 hours is a fair amount. But considering how the game ended, I'd say it wasn't enough. This has already been brought up in the forums concerning the ending. Banner Saga 1 left on a high note (or a low note depending on your perspective). It finished at just the right time. You felt vindicated and rewarded for your efforts. You felt you played the first game to its conclusion. It really did feel like the end of a tv show, a series. A proper end.Banner Saga 2... felt like a mid-season finale than anything else. And nobody likes mid-season finales because usually it means ending rather abruptly. That's exactly what happened here. Without going into spoilers, lets just say that certain story threads felt unfinished.Obviously it's a setup for the next game, but that's not the point. The next game should continue from the previous game's high point. Banner Saga 2 did not reach that high point, and honestly, I was hoping to get more out of it. I was hoping for a better conclusion than the one we got.Regardless, TBS2 is highly recommended, and I look forward to TBS3!"
,Recommended,281640,22731062,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Igneous,"I love this game. So much. But its so short! I think I beat it in like... 8 hours maybe 10? Too short. I know its costly to create assets to extend the story, but theres gotta be a clever solution to add some filler and  beef this♥♥♥♥♥♥up some more. As it is, its very short and sweet, and pretty unsatisfying. Still recommend getting this game, but I just hope you guys make the next one longer."
,Recommended,281640,22551239,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Balalaika,"Good sequel.Challenging in some aspects, but very solid story.You must finish the first game or you understand nothing!First run takes about 14 hours. Good balance price/value."
,Recommended,281640,33340689,Posted: 7 July,all,Rockalypse,"One of the best story lines, graphics and atmosphere I've ever seen."
76561197977842508,Recommended,281640,22707095,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Insane-Herkules,It's nothing short of fantastic. Loved the first game and now loving the second; definitely worth every penny. I expect more good things from this developer.The only real negative thing to say about this game is that it's a bit short for my personal liking. I'd have rather it was longer!
76561198057683921,Recommended,281640,22709641,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Jupiter Apple,"Great game with a incredible story, I fully recomend."
,Recommended,281640,22719464,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,weedan,"So I have more hours logged in Banner Saga Factions then any other game in my GOG or Steam library. So when Banner Sage 1 was finally released I was obviously excited to play it. And play it I did... with some varying degrees of disappointment. The combat wasn't as engaging as Factions since the AI wasn't quite as sharp as a human opponent; the rogue-like elements felt tacked on and inconsequential; the story interesting albeit bleak, depressing and full of spelling mistakes; the artwork and music brilliant.So I finished The Banner Saga happy that it wasn't a p.o.s. but feeling as though it could have been so much more.  Fast forward to The Banner Saga 2 and Stoic has gotten much, much closer to what I had hoped for in the first one with this second chapter. The story is far more exciting, tense and intriguing then the first. The artwork maintains its brilliance.  The combat is far more layered now with items to bolster stats, secondary traits for characters, more units to bring to battle, more varied landscape to travel through and some great traveling events to provide intrigue and replay-ability. It took me 20 hours to play through the first time on Hard and it was worth every penny.If I were to quibble about anything it would be that the ending is a bit anti-climatic which is far from unheard of in great games (Baldur's Gate I anyone?) and that the caravan management component still doesn't quite feel as though it carries sufficient weight to be of interest. I'm not sure how they can improve the latter but I hope they can. I have finished The Banner Saga 2 and am already looking forward to the 3rd one!"
76561197963961477,Recommended,281640,22727477,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,PoPa,It's been awhile since I waited a whole year or more to play a sequel.  But this was definitely one of those moments.  It certainly didn't dissapoint.  The developers have managed to marry the old with the new and some more visually exuberant graphics in The Banner Saga 2.  I have to say I've enjoyed it immensely so far at 10 hours of game play.  I keep hoping I'm not near the end becuase I don't want it to end too quickly!!  The newer game features and ideas are interesting.  Additional modes of battle and a few tweaks here and there are good.  As someone else said looking forward to more.
76561198052434103,Recommended,281640,22747104,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,nanathetiger,"The beauty that Stoic puts into these games is wonderful. The story is captivating, the dialogue smart, the characters deep. I am so in love with these games. I love that choices and your failure or successes in battle really make a difference in the overall story. I will play anything these guys make now! Bravo!Banner Saga 3 plz?"
,Recommended,281640,22750357,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Adriondacks,"This is just like the first game but so much more. Honed and sharpened combat. Added animated cutscenes. Decisions that leave you questioning your very existence.Even my decisions from the first banner saga cropped up and made my heart twinge, the seemingly good and noble decision, meaningless. The amount of times I wanted to go back and change my first play through. I wanted Allete back, I wanted Egil back, I wanted all those lost Varl back but they aren't coming back. Each decision weighted against all others. Do or Do not there is no try."
76561197962714709,Recommended,281640,22725858,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ash,Great!
,Recommended,281640,22721484,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,rcasais,"Much more interesting and engrossing that the first game, all in all a very good sequel that you should try out even if you found the first game to be too slow paced!"
76561197975674876,Recommended,281640,22713708,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,GG Medijokur,"Loved the first one- and this feels like a solid successor. The gameplay itself, mechanics-wise is nothing special. Campaigns in which you make text-based decisions, some cool animations of landscapes and characters, and some turn based combat. All done very well, but where the game really shines is in creating an athmosphere. The lore, the story, the characters- it's all very well made, and atleast I become very immersed in this world and game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes rich stories, rpg elements and turn based combat. 9/10"
,Recommended,281640,22743678,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SuperSegaSteve,"Every bit as amazing as the first. If you haven't jumped on the Banner Saga caravan (see what I did there?) you need to catch up! While it doesn't require you to play BS1 ( I see why no one abreviates these games now...), doing so will fill in the gaps and your choices even cary over. Plus, both games cost less than your regular 60 dollar game combined, with, in my opinion, more substance in each. Check out BS, you wont be dissapointed. It's better than this review, I promise."
,Recommended,281640,22575832,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,La Flama Blanca,"Please describe what you liked: EverythingPlease describe what you disliked: NothingWould I recommend: SíQuite possibly my favorite sequel ever, to follow one of my favorite games ever. There are many great story driven games out right now, but honestly this one is on another level. I have never been much of a fan of turned based combat, however I find myself enjoying every encounter in TBS. The story has perfect pace, and the world it is set in grows more amazing each time I play the game. Can't wait for more!"
76561198109309443,Recommended,281640,22655612,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Caxs,"Pros- Gorgeous hand-drawn landscapes and cut scene animations. All of the game looks great if you appreciate this style, but some parts are simply beautiful. I enjoyed the Old Woods and the waterfall sequence especially.- Norse Scandinavian mythos is back in spades. The Banner Saga 2 embraces the traditions of the first game, and shows off more aspects of the Viking culture in a historically inspired tale.- Battles are very similar to the original. But improved tactical system with new skills and character abilities keep battles interesting, even for a veteran player.- The epic saga continues! Two amazing story arcs follow the journey of a Human/Varl caravan seeking shelter from the menacing Dredge hordes and a series of apocalyptic phenomena. Plus a giant serpent that crushes mountains.- Plot twists, hard choices, and betrayals abound, with the lives of your friends and clansmen hanging in the balance. This can be irritating if a seemingly casual choice allows thieves to steal your supplies, or heartbreaking if your battle strategy ends up killing one of your favorite characters. Forward looking and decisive actions will reward your group with supplies, new allies, and morale boosts for both your caravan, and for yourself at making life just that much better in a uncertain world. Regardless of your choices, this gritty, teeth on edge story will take an emotional toll on you.- The abundance of varying paths and caravan decisions encourages multiple playthroughs, giving the game a nice replay value.- The option of importing a save from the first game with all of your hard-fought character levels, items, and clansmen is a much welcome treat to fans of the original Banner Saga.- The music is just frigkin awesome.  Unique, atmospheric, dynamic. It goes the distance and then some.Cons- Too many playable characters, which leads to lack of character dialogue/development outside of the primary group. I wanted to hang out with Yrsa and Griss more.- Some events seem as if they give you a choice in what will happen, but the end result will always be the same. These are annoying false dichotomies in a game that usually plays in a ‘Choices Matter’ fashion.- The Horseborn, the new playable race prominently featured in preview trailers, seem somewhat lacking. Their playable characters come off as average, and their backstory is very peripheral to the main plot.- The ending…..I’m coming to like it better when I consider certain other aspects; a sequel like this can’t end the same as the first, a trilogy of games relies heavily on the second part to set the stage for the finale, the developers want to keep us in suspense, etc….but I won’t lie. My initial reaction upon seeing the ending was to yell a particularly nasty string of curses at how poorly the plot was resolved. Way too many unresolved issues. This more than anything else seems to be the most damning critcism in an otherwise spectacular game.OverallGreat sequel to an amazing series. The artwork, music, and story will capture your heart. The decision oriented chapters will keep you thinking about how best to run your caravan, develop heroes, and use resources. While the combat is pretty much the same as the original, the formula remains an engaging strategy challenge with quite a few new features to liven things up. Aside from nit-picking at an overall great story, and an ending that does leave quite a few loose ends, The Banner Saga2 is a worthy sequel. If you liked the first game or enjoy strategy RPGs, definitely get your hands on this Scandinavian gem."
76561198035367099,Recommended,281640,22818145,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sousana,"Banner Saga is a developing game trilogy inspired by Norse mythology where you lead a caravan of refugees fleeing a world-shattering catastrophe. It consists of story driven strategy gameplay with tactical turn-based battles. Don't expect frantic action requiring lightning reflexes, in Banner Saga you take your time with your decisions, as their consequences may prove heavy. While playing the first game isn't strictly necessary, I strongly recommend it, it will greatly improve your experience.Second Banner Saga improves on what was already great in the first one. It offers new characters, new classes with new abilities, couple of new enemies, new victory conditions, training missions with objectives for bonus renown, improved caravan management, more animated cutscenes, insanely gorgeous art, great music, apocalyptic story reminiscent of Tolkien's works (complete with the strife and hardship). Plus you can import your save from the first Banner Saga with all consquences of your actions (hero roster, items, clansmen, supplies, renown) which may ultimately affect some of your decisions in BS2. Having the ability to play as either Rook or Alette gives you additional replay value, since dialogue options vary depending on who are you playing as (the main story however remains the same). Easily the best game I've played this year so far.If I were to point out some negatives, there would be minor issues like the battle screen occasionally being a bit disorienting - they've introduced destructible obstacles with their own strength bars, so if you like to have strength/armor bars visible at all times like I do, the screen is cramped and it's harder to click the correct tile.And perhaps the pacing could have been improved as the final battle feels only as a warm up for the big finale we can expect in the third Saga. Ending with a cliffhanger with final part approx. two years away can be considered criminal :)Anyway, go buy it, it's great !"
76561198088901183,Recommended,281640,34724674,Posted: 3 September,all,felixlapatate,"Amazing story, beautiful game... 10/10."
,Recommended,281640,34694150,Posted: 2 September,all,Kain Klarden,"The Banner Saga 2 is, in many ways, a definite improvement over the first game/first act of the story. But at the same time, as it's strengths are unchanged, so are the weaknesses. It still looks and sounds great, even if it's strangely locked to unchangeable and dynamically adapting to your desktop resolution setting. The story is expanding and growing in very interesting directions, never feeling like it's retreading the same steps and evolving the characters and the storyline as it goes. Although, the fact that it's just a second act of three feels even stronger here, this being the mid-point of the saga - there're too many hints and not enough answers by now and I'm hoping the developers can really unload all this build-up in the third part with grace.But the battles are still the same boredom as before, despite new classes and types of enemies. I know, I'm not a fan of such games so it's clearly not for me, but I'm genuinely surprised that with the story as important as it is in this game, there's no ""story-only"" mode that just skips the battles or leaves them to the random element based on how your characters are developed, to skip past what people like me will find boring. As strange is the fact that none of the RPG stats still mean anything outside the battles and aren't actually used to define anything in the choices you can make in the story. Which ultimately makes me feel that while I can understand the financial reasons behind the 3 separate releases, so far I feel like this disjointed, separated by years, narrative doesn't really benefit the story at all and I hope there's some special ""The Complete Banner Saga"" in planning, which will address the issues and make the story feel complete."
76561198044650910,Recommended,281640,34749810,Posted: 4 September,all,benzar7,I loved it like the first and can't wait for the third! 10/10 Art and Music. Fun game and good story!
76561197986404799,Recommended,281640,25405159,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,RobinHood,"While the gameplay isn't perfect, the atmosphere is fantastic. A somber, nordic Oregon Trail."
76561198085887387,Recommended,281640,23907789,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,erikn1982,"Fantastic story telling in a turnbased, tactical RPG.Improves on the first installment in many aspects, while continuing the storyline right where it left off.Great music, Great Characters, Great Story, Great Gameplay.I'm currently enjoying ""Survival Mode"", a series of 40 battles where you start out with your choice of most of the characters from both games, and if any of them die, you lose them for good until the end.  Really nice if you enjoyed the battles themselves, though this does not include the army management or storyline aspects of the main game.I have a few complaints, but these are very minor gripes, and overall this is a fantastic game.Spoilers Possible:Total Main Game is very short for a game with a 20 dollar pricetag.While i love the music, one of the tracks was recorded oddly, and at the start of a battle every once in a while will begin with this terrible ear piercing screech.  So you will wince in pain 2 or 3 times throughout the game.  Not exaggerating.Managing your food, buying items, and upgrading characters all had to be carefully juggled in the first game.  This is no longer the case, most of the items for sale seem useless with your level 6-10 characters and you will hardly ever feel a need to buy food.  You can spend all of your points on upgrading characters, no problem.You have the option of carrying over your choices from the first game, which i did.  But some of the secondary characters you chose to save in the fist game will disappear randomly throughout the game, as though they just Forgot to continue that character.  One of their disappearances creates a big problem in the end as I totally saved him from dying in the first game, but a major plot point is written in that he did die, and they just ignore that i had him for the first half of the game until he magically disappeared on me.A great deal of the game deals with dragging the dead body of the Final Boss from the first game with you. if they had more story to tell about him, they should have just done so in the first game, not recycle him to use as a prop throughout most of the game.  There is an interesting Mid-Boss, but there is no real final boss at the end either.  Could have done better this."
,Recommended,281640,22528482,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,woaH,"I thought the first game was great, but Banner Saga 2 is a masterpeice.  Very much enjoyed the strategy elements and plot line, artwork and music.  When is the next one?  I'm eagerly awaiting the day."
76561198039154335,Recommended,281640,27719606,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gabrielnight000,An excellent continuation of the story started in Banner Saga.  The story is enhanced by an increased number of cutscenes and your choices are even more pivotal to the events unfolding before you.  The combat/strategy elements of the game have also been greatly improved with new characters and level up options.If you loved the first Banner Saga this is a must play!
,Recommended,281640,33557278,Posted: 15 July,all,TechnologoDoom,"The sequel to Banner Saga retains all the aspects that made that game great and set it apart. Think of it as having all of the moment-to-moment decision making weight of a game like XCOM while telling you a story that's much stranger and more personal (in an odd way). Gripping story with meaningful decisions and tense tactical combat make Banner Saga 2 punch in a much higher weight class.Art design is unique and conveys the world's mystery/mythology and norse-like aesthetic sensibilities, while the writing is wonderfully concise, doing a really effective job of conveying character and plot in a way that's not only meaningful but clarifies the stakes in player decisions.The turn-based tactical combat is, as well, tense with weighty decisions. Each upgrade or skill feels useful and unique, each movement an opportunity and risk. There's no dice rolling, just execution of your (good or bad) strategy - it's really marvelous.Play this game!Note - there is at least 1 more game coming, so the ending is a bit of a cliffhanger. That said, the resolution of this narrative arc is suitably 'complicated' for the player - I don't think it's a letdown at all, but rather (and in line with the overall narrative) keeps things from descenting into a black-and-white worldview."
,Recommended,281640,33768365,Posted: 24 July,all,martryn,"This game is a clear improvement on the first game.  While the tactical battle system is still lacking compared to other examples in this genre, it has been improved with even more options and units.  The strategy of beating down the strongest enemy and then leaving them alive so they can ineffectually waste turns is still valid throughout this game, though.  The story and art are still both top notch, and the music remains fantastic.  You can beat the entire game in under 15 hours, but because of the impactful story choices and the nature of the tactic based system, it has a lot of replay value.The story ends without resolution, which, of course, means a new Saga is sure to be released, but I love how all the meaningful choices from the first game are still present in this one, and I bet the trend continues into the third game.  After beating this game I immediately wanted to play again.  And not just this second installment, but from the start of the Saga.  Based on the plot choices alone, there seems to be insane replay value if you enjoy the combat system enough to do so.  And I do, mainly because the art is so beautiful!"
76561198006833282,Recommended,281640,33744783,Posted: 23 July,all,Wildling Beard,"An amazing mix of strategy, story and artwork. The characters are incredible, the fights are tense, and the story pulls you in within minutes. One of the best games I've played in recent years. Definitely play the first one if you haven't."
,Recommended,281640,30806820,Posted: 28 March,all,DanteFaust,"I just finished playing and read the annoucement that the 3rd chapter is on its way.  So excited.  What a great game!I loved the first one and the inclusion of new enemy types, skill trees, compelling story and cinematics in Banner Saga 2 were a more than welcome addition.I cna't wait to see what's in store for the next chapter!"
,Recommended,281640,22695943,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"Excerpts from my review:""The game does a good job at relating the story here and it continues it’s ever-increasingly frustrating  resource management mechanic where you do your best to try and keep your people alive despite how futile and hopeless the game makes it feel at times. It’s this feeling of absolute futility that really pushes home the question that all of the characters in the game have to face: Is this the end of the world? Can we even hope to survive? For most, the answer is a very saddening no.The combat mechanics of the game are pretty much a repeat of the first Banner Saga Game with nothing noticeably new brought to the table. This isn’t necessarily a bad thing as I found the combat mechanics to be reasonably solid and the level progression to be adequate enough.The graphics are really what gets me in this game. The rotoscope style coupled with standard animations make for a wonderfully colored and unique looking world. The art style is impressive and really shines through in this game and is one of it’s finest points.""A wonderful game with solid gameplay mechanics, yet lacks replayability. I would still feel comfortable recommending this game, however. Rich artistic feel, wonderful voice-over quality (when it's there) and an engaging story.See my full review here:https://youtu.be/cB41OBm35FE"
,Recommended,281640,22716060,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ibsen,More banners than the original.Definitely my top banner-centric isometric narrative-driven norse fantasy tactical strategy game of the year.
,Recommended,281640,24030063,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tabthegreat,"Achievement ♥♥♥♥♥s:This is not an easy game to get 100% completion. While writing this review, I’m at 60% with two playthroughs and around 20 hrs. of playtime. The first Banner Saga took me around 6+ playthroughs and 90 hrs. to get all of the achievements (with poor planning), and some of them were pretty tough when doing the hard mode ones, so I imagine I have at least two more playthroughs to complete the achievements.The Game (07/2016):The Banner Saga series is episodic. The games end abruptly and unresolved with the second continuing the story (perhaps a third will finally finish the story?), but the story is refreshing and unique with a dark theme. Be prepared to laugh, curse, and possibly cry. While the series is story rich, unlike many other story rich games, the fighting is strategic and depending on the difficulty setting, sometimes challenging to a degree of cursing at your screen.The Banner Saga 2 maintains the same gameplay as the first, with some minor but pleasant changes (such as giving clansmen a purpose in gathering supplies for the group and the ability to train clansmen into fighters).Below are similar pros and cons that I reviewed for the first game…Possible CONS:-The game is fairly short for an RPG (my first playthrough took around 10 hrs. give or take).-It is not an open world if that is what you are looking for—it is linear with autosaves (you cannot choose where and when to save, but you have access to each autosave if you made a mistake or want to try something different at various points in the game).-The game has a lot of reading involved (you rarely hear a person speak, but it seemed to be more speaking than the first game). The game plays out similar to a point-and-click choices count story, but the turn-based fights in-between reading provide excellent strategic game play that typical point-and-click games do not.With that said, many PROS to the game include:-The Banner Saga 2 gives you the option to continue your saves from the first game!!-The story. I love it so far largely because it feels unique and is well-done.-The dialogue and choices are often entertaining and feel realistic for the setting (the little bit of voice acting in the game is excellent).-The art and score are beautiful.-The game play/turn-based fights are addictive, and the fights even get a little challenging on the normal setting (I cursed at my monitor A LOT on hard mode, but I also like the challenge).Similar to the first Banner Saga, The Banner Saga 2 is worth multiple plays not only for achievements, but to also try out different choices as they can have a fairly large impact on the story. While I suggest people playthrough the first Banner Saga before the second (considering they are episodic), The Banner Saga 2 does a fairly good job briefly including descriptions of events from the first game for people who start with the second.I bought this game almost at full price (10% off shortly before it was released) and it was worth it. I will buy the third game when/if it comes out, and I look forward to the day that I finally know the end to the story, damn it! :D"
,Recommended,281640,29095093,Posted: 7 January,all,Philippe,Game of Thrones meets XCOM.The game got some issues with its performance and controls but the story and music are brilliant.
,Recommended,281640,22578048,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Smowk3r,"The Banner Saga2 starts the journey right after the events in the first title. It has a save import feauture wich allows you to import your save from TBS BUT if you don't have the save you can still decide wich character survived TBS in the ""New game"" menu. It's one of those games wich will grow on you especially the characters. Just started TBS2 but finished TBS so I know what Im in for and It will be GREAT."
,Recommended,281640,23269283,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tomato,"I don't think this game holds well on its own.Sure, if you're into turn based combat, you'll enjoy the gameplay, which has become more rich due to introduction of more classes, abilities and types of enemies, while keeping the beautiful simplicity of its core intact.But as the gameplay is solid, this is not the central feature of the game. It is the epic and intriguing story, the dramatic and thought through setting, the deep and uncommon characters, outlined with the oustandingly beautiful art along with amazing music - all of that make this game shine. And trust me, you will appreciate how the plot unveals itself much more, if you played the first one.After all, this is only a chapter between the beginning and the end of a greater story.And if you've already learnt how the story starts, than this is the game you've been waiting. So good that it brings shivers through my body at some times, leaving me with a severe hunger for more."
,Recommended,281640,24191133,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Suicidal Sheep,"I enjoyed the first part and I LOVED the second part!First things first, what part 2 made better than the first:- More variaties in battles (obstacles, new class (bard), battles where attacking isn't the key to win)- The training! Now you can finally take on the slackers that are usually left behind- Way more Renown to obtain and more supplies to buyThe story is great, and the gameplay very atmospheric.The hard difficulty expects you to use every strategy trick up your sleeve, as even on easy difficulty, you can bring yourself up in a situation where your characters are under leveled and helpless against a horde of dredge.Buy the game, if you enjoy a good turn based strategy game. And also if you like viking themes games as well :D"
76561197995222377,Recommended,281640,23652405,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Krulgrim,Norse mythology meets the Oregon Trail with beautiful visuals and wonderful music.  Part 2
76561198048136037,Recommended,281640,22524211,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,mwtclt,"I remember the first time I picked up the first Banner Saga I had thought to myself ""wow I'm going to be bored"".Absolutely not.This game and its predecessor are some of the best games I have played. I'm not joking. The story really got me into the game. I found myself on the edge of my seat plenty of times. The achievements aren't necessarily difficult, but they are a fun challenge. I put some real effort into keeping Egil alive, and it pays off; he returns in this game! The gameplay is fun, nothing too extraordinary when it comes to combat though. You have your pretty-average isometric, turn-based fighting game. Outside the fighting, it's like Oregon Trail, only vikings and bandits. I personally enjoy the characters. They're all pretty unique, and I find myself caring about them like I'm in the caravan with them. The music is really great ambience wise. I have yet to encounter any crashes, bugs, or lag. I'd say it's worth the price it's asking for, too. Overall an A+ game, but if you don't have the first one, you should play it to really get into it.EDIT: I've played a little more, and found that the tutorial is longer than it was in the first game. Not so great for me, cuz I already know how to play."
,Recommended,281640,22526638,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Devin Williams,"Banner Saga 2 improves upon the original in every way. It is a great game. If you haven't played the original, I recommend doing so. Although Banner Saga 2 stands on its own as an amazing game, it's impact on the player will be much greater if you played the original. I wholeheartedly recommend this game. If you haven't played the original I suggest playing that first. The original is cheaper, and you can decide there wether or not you like the story and gameplay."
76561197972301209,Not Recommended,281640,23341019,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Xrpto,I really wish there was a meh or neutral option on steam. I really loved the first banner Saga so I hopped right on for the sequel. The second Act disappointed me though because the story really failed to grab me. and it feels like they skipped parts of the narratives that were really important. Another thing I felt personally they hopped around way too much to different groups perspectives making it hard to really get into any one faction's story. just when I was starting to get into X's dilemma they would hop over to Y and take me out of it. even worse than this though is that while we're hopped over to another group they skip what X was doing completely and then just pop us in later having missed everything up to that point. during a certain scene I literally stopped it and reloaded just because I thought I had missed an important introductory cutscene. nope they just left whole portions of the narrative of how Y got there and your just left making assumptions about the situation. I would say that is an objective problem with the story telling. a personal taste criticism I have of the story is they really have hit me with darkness induced apathy around the end of this installment. Our hero from the first game seems to have very little to fight for anymore rather than just Momentum and nobody else able to step up to lead(aside from obvious moustache twirling villains of course). And things get so bad all the characters really need a win. also there is another problem in that it seems the people who can actually fix things are actually secret evil jerks or turn suddenly stupidly villainous for drama's sake(this could partly be blamed on them cutting away from stuff and then suddenly coming back). then the story just ends abruptly with very little closure on this installment of anything. tried to be non spoilerly about this but final verdict I would only buy this if you love the sweet salty taste of your characters tears.
76561198043569074,Not Recommended,281640,28853526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Apple Thief,"While this game does a lot right, even going above and beyond in its predecessor's combat mechanics and building off its engaging universe, it doesn't offer a satisfying experience due to its abrupt ending, poor pacing, and rather simplistic gameplay.Pros:- It may require a refresher from the first game, but BS2 has a rich world to learn about with many unique and memorable characters.- Great artwork and soundtrack- Generally fun combat- Engaging plotCons:- Pacing. Throughout the game it's unclear how much food you'll need, when you'll need to spend/save renown, when heros will split and where you are in the story. It's not satisfying to suddenly save people, train fighters or buy food, etc. when there's little to form expectations. The sudden ending was extremely unsatisfying.- Unused game mechanics. The playable partsof the game primarily consist of an Oregon Trail dynamic, dialogue options and combat. What are my unused heroes doing? Why do I need clansmen/fights other then to scavenge? Clearly things may make a difference in the next game if you decide to continue your game, but BS2 by itself doesn't offer much beyond combat scenes and journey dialogue.- The game really depends on players carrying over knowledge, connections to characters, etc. from the first game. For this reason alone it's hard to recommend this game to anyone but people who have played the first one. While with this isn't exactly a ton to ask for an indie developer to ask for, there's the reality that this game isn't a complete whole on it's own from start to finish.Just a few thoughts, but I'd recommend waiting for a sale or waiting until the next game comes out to really reap the benefits of playing this game."
76561198073024409,Recommended,281640,24924577,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FrozenIceWater,The sequel to a game I thoroughly enjoyed in the Banner Saga. A unique spin on turn based strategy accompanied by an engaging story and devloped characters. A crucuial decision made in its predecessor influences your gameplay and character devlopement. The Banner Saga 2 continues a wonderful story in a great fantasy world and I will be looking forward to the third installment in the series. 9/10.
,Recommended,281640,24018866,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kelthaden,Great Addition to the previous story cant wait for the next edition
,Recommended,281640,32943498,Posted: 28 June,all,Genevieve,Absolutly my favorite game this year! Can´t wait for the third and last game!!
76561198031929890,Recommended,281640,33160152,Posted: 2 July,all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,"The multiplayer they had pre BS1 was amazing, BS1 was impressively good, and this is very similar but i felt it was more story focused and less battle focused.  I cruised through the game thinking it felt less like chess and more like a tell-tale game.for the $10 price tag, ok.  considering it is at least 3 parts, that would make it $60 total and its clearly not AAA material."
,Recommended,281640,24224536,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,lembayu,"The story,the gameplay,the artstyle, and even the music is totally a masterpiece.9.2/10"
,Recommended,281640,22529103,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Milky,"Full disclaimer: I never finished TBS1 although I adored the story, world, art and soundtrack - the actual gameplay was just kind of greulling, samey and counter-intuitive.TBS2 is better in all respects than the original. Everything that was great is still there and the gameplay, while still fundamentally the same, has enough twists and unique elements that keep every battle feeling fresh.Definite recommendation."
76561198008582160,Recommended,281640,22529725,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheMetalfreak360,"I love the art in this serie, and I enjoy the combat and events a lot. If you liked Banner Saga 1, I cannot at this point see why this should let you down (haven't finished it quite yet)."
,Recommended,281640,23833539,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[53rdPVI] Nexus [Co.A],"Amazing!..  an exstordinary build of creativity, artwork, character & gameplay..  really this is one of the best! :)"
76561198043175446,Recommended,281640,22531986,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Cyka Blyat,Banter Saga 10/10
76561198027760152,Recommended,281640,22542389,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,yoko1211,"Yet another amazing journey! The struggle continues with even harder decisions to make. Sometimes you just do not know what to expect so you can only hope to make the right choice. This time anything can go wrong and your banner gets punished for it real hard so your main character really needs to become a great leader or not many will make it to Arberrang.The gameplay remains the same, with a few new things like the bigger level cap, new abilities, new races, new enemies, max stats can now be unlocked so you can get extra benefits that just might turn the tide. Many will complain about the cliffhangers in the game, but this is the 2nd part of the trilogy so be patient, i am sure answers will come in the 3rd game.All in all an amazing game. Recommended!"
76561197983929314,Recommended,281640,24089957,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,"If you like turn based combat with great storytelling and art style, give The Banner Saga series a go. 8/10"
76561198004260601,Recommended,281640,27747538,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,netnonsens,"If you prefer games where you decide the outcome with what is between your ears and not with how fast you can push controller/mouse/keyboard buttons, than this is a game for you. you also get a great story and very well written characters. anything you can wish for. it is just a fantastic game and i wish there would be more of this kind on the market. btw this also applies for the first part of the series and i´m pretty sure it will also do so for the third, which hopefully will be released sooner rather than later."
,Recommended,281640,29016315,Posted: 4 January,all,ikeboy,"9/10Awesome sequel to Banner Saga. Grab this If you liked ShadowRun Returns,  Hard West, and X-Com.ProsStory is an excellent continuation of the first gameNew survival mode adds replayability. In survival mode, you keep fighting and upgrading heroes until you die.ConsCampaign training mode was a nice addition but too random. It would've been better if you could select which heroes to train as it was a nasty suprise that you had to use a hero you barely used which made defeating the training enemies almost impossible."
,Recommended,281640,27401763,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bagua,"All expectations fulfilled.If you liked the first part, you will probably like this one as well.Some cool new classes and enemys.Interesting additions to the tactical gameplay.Warning: Incoming Heavy Plot.Can't wait for the third part!"
,Recommended,281640,26472041,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,goodbyebird,"Enjoyed it even more than the first one, and on to my second game with Rook now + exploring Survival Mode. The story and mood is stellar, and I really like the strategic aspects of the fights.Definitely recommend picking up the 1st in the series before this one, though there is an overview feature in the menu that will let you catch up."
,Recommended,281640,34209798,Posted: 13 August,all,Turopitas198,Cant wait for the release of banner saga 3!
76561198009277051,Not Recommended,281640,25083616,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Thrym,"I very much enjoyed the story of the first game and was excited to continue in the next game. While the first half of the game begins strong, certain elements seem to fall into place for the sake of simplicity. Several of the emd game missions were needlessly tedious. I am still interested into seeing where the story goes from here, but as it stands, The Banner Saga 2 mirrors my enjoyment of The Two Towers from LoTR. Interesting, but only to see what happens in what I would assume the grand finale."
76561198064667644,Recommended,281640,22738557,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kawaii Potato,"Das ist nicht gut, ja? Das ist sehr gut!"
76561197977909085,Recommended,281640,22805872,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kotoll,Great game all around. Im sold on buying any additions they add this game. Amazing job
76561198090323431,Recommended,281640,27927743,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mercotroll,Even better than the first Banner Saga. I didn't even think that was possible. Get it now!
,Not Recommended,281640,28906401,Posted: 1 January,all,tommasodb,"I really liked the first one, and had high hopes for Banner Saga 2. It's mostly the same game, but that's the good part. Since launch, and with no fix in sight after months, I've been plagued by technical problems during battles, with texture disappearing or even the whole scene being invisible (HUD visible, and the rest all black). This has been communicated on the forums and was dismissed. I have a 770, which is more than enough to run the game. I just lost an hour of game because you need to do 3 battles in a row and the third one displayed only a black screen. This is extremely frustrating. On top of that, 360 controller optimiziation is simply not there, and it constantly pick up inputs I didn't give, like one of the sticks was leaning in a certian direction. Steam controller doesn't present the same problem, but the UI got messier compared to the first game and overall it's just an annoying game to play with the controller. I would imagine these are all trivial fixes that would make the game running as expected, not sure why this is still unaddressed."
,Recommended,281640,34716797,Posted: 3 September,all,JediSlayerJosh,"Great story, great game, must play."
76561198085759774,Recommended,281640,25099431,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FlaviusBelisarius,"Banner saga was an excellent, unique game and BS 2 delivers more of the same. Excellent artwork and voice acting. The story continues directly where the first left off and ends relatively abruptly, it's the typical filler and suffers from being stuck between a fantastic introduction and an epic ending(hopefully) as these sorts of sagas tend to do. Relatively few additions other than character types and classes, but same great tactics base combat. Additionally, still retains the profoundness of the decisions you have to make and the inevitable dealing with the consequences. The biggest change is probably the following of two wagon trains/story lines, while adding variety, I feel takes a bit away from how invested you become in the characters and events of the journey.Still, a fantastic journey, and great game overall."
,Recommended,281640,25845776,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Fuzzball,"An excellent follow up to the first game which keeps the original’s solid core while making small, logical improvements. The narrative is truly outstanding and the depressing struggles the characters face really impress upon you the story’s assertion that “the world is breaking”. Combat has been made more engaging by providing a greater variety of enemies and abilities, along with some extra optional tutorials which highlight a bunch of clever new strategies.The only negative I have is that some moments during the story are not presented clearly enough, and so their dramatic impact is not significantly felt. There’s also the inevitable issue that, being the middle instalment of a trilogy, this game’s story raises more questions than answers. Still, this tale stands head and shoulders above most others and truly lives up to the definition of the word “saga”."
76561198039894350,Not Recommended,281640,30673450,Posted: 22 March,all,ben,"I haven't played the regular game at all because I remember the first Banner Saga's strange interpretation of ""turn order"". While innovative, it's also counter-intuitive, with generally the best strategy being to maim everything in sight but not finish off any particular opponent. I'm not crazy about constructing a barrier out of crippled foes while I plink away at their health back ranks, but thankfully, the second iteration of this game very nearly scratches my squad-tactics itch. My main interest is the (mostly) deterministic turn-based combat. It's really refreshing to play a game with deep tactics that doesn't rely on chance to provide a dynamic challenge. The armor/strength system is simple but brilliant and rewards careful planning and execution. So yes, full disclosure: I've bascially only played survival mode, but I've played a lot of it. If you like turn-based tactics, and don't like random-number-generated tension, I'd have to recommend this one, because it's about the only thing like it. (Incidentally, if you're reading this review and know of another game like this, particularly one that doesn't have the problem mentioned below, leave a comment and you'll have my deep gratitude.)So I've got only one gripe, but it's a pretty significant one: The game is turn-based, but there is a turn-timer, and there is no way to pause. It's also single-player only, by the way. On top of that, the interface is a bit clunky; meaning that assessing the potential movement of an enemy takes several seconds, and if there are several enemies, it's pretty easy to run out of time and completely miss a character's turn. Don't try to wait to the last second assessing your options because any action requires several clicks to choose and confirm. It is frustrating to warrant the negative review in my opinion, although, as previously mentioned, if you're having trouble finding a game that throws that stupid d20 in the trash where it mostly belongs, try this one, you might have a different opinion.I think the timer is motivated by the notion of ""leaderboards"". For what it's worth, I'm one of those people who couldn't give a frog's fart for how I stack up against other people in a turn-based tactical game. Well... I guess that's not completely true: I also play a lot of internet chess on FICS and pay some attention to my rating, so yeah... But still, I'd be elated if only there were a ""hardcore"" mode with ticking turn-timers and the like, but also a ""sissy"" mode for folks like me who enjoy turn-based tactics because of it's player-defined pacing.Anyways, if that silly timer could be disabled (it can't and this game doesn't support mods), I would give this game a REALLY enthusiastic thumbs up, solely on the basis of the survival minigame. I'm sure the main game is lovely too, if you're into that story, character development and meaningful decisions sort of thing. I kind of leave that stuff for books, movies, and the cereal aisle, but hey, whatever floats your boat."
,Recommended,281640,22522029,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,stephen.gabor,"Beautiful, engaging, terrifying.This game is everything that the first Banner Saga was and more.Improved combat, new enemy types and a gripping story that will not let you put it down. To hell with this review, I'm gonna play some more."
76561198072194909,Recommended,281640,22524872,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Shunt McGuffin,"I would have accepted a clone of Banner Saga.  But this so much more than that.  With different skills enemies this game is pretty much the perfect sequal.  They have added just enough while keeping the charm of the original game. The biggest impovement in my opinion is added element of the dynamic battlefield and how each of the battles feels more unique with new objectives requiring differing strategies.The story telling does a great job of creating tension and keeps you on the edge of your seat like a great novel.The artwork is beyond amazing, so gorgeous.  It is vibrant and colorful and feels world feels magical.I am honestly thinking about calling in sick tomorrow just to continue the story.  Probably won't sleep tonight and will want to play it again with a different save from the first banner saga.If you liked the last one there is no reason not to pick this up."
,Recommended,281640,22530469,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Bot easy,"Already 4 hours in and I'm not regretting my purchase, tbh.edit: just finished both my alette and rook saves. The ending just got grimmer. Can’t wait to see how the story goes in Banner Saga 3."
76561198032822863,Recommended,281640,22532555,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,fejkademail,The Banner Saga 2 is an extraordinary masterpiece that should be played by all. It improves on all fronts and is even more beautiful than the last one.
76561198081841691,Recommended,281640,22521388,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,johngrandmaster,"Disclaimer: I have not yet beaten the game.I played Banner Saga 1 and was excited to play this one too. From what I have played it is the same as far as fighting goes, but with a bit more advanced progression system for characters. Heroes can be upgraded beyond level 5 which is nice. The story picks up right where the first one left off and even gives you the option to load your save and choices from the other game, which is pretty cool. Overall a great game if you are looking for an amazing story, choose your own adventure style leadership, and casual turn based gameplay. This game should also provide replayablility because of all the choices you make, and also a lengthy playthrough.Overall I would recommend, but not if you're looking for a challenging nitty-gritty rpg (can increase difficulty)"
,Recommended,281640,26728346,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mr. Email,What the ♥♥♥♥! I love this game!
76561198039475726,Recommended,281640,24230905,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,rejectgod,Must play. 37/10
76561198054259090,Recommended,281640,22541672,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,wizardbaker,"For anyone who played the first Banner Saga game: Pick this game up. It continues the story very nicely and adds enough new enviroments units, and mechanical changes to make the game feel fresh. You'll like it.For anyone who hasn't played the first game: Pick the first game up, it will help ease you into how everything works and give you enough experience to appreciate what exactly is happening in the story, and you'll be able to import your save file in the next game if you enjoy it enough to continue the series.There are some aspects I feel the game still needs to work on, such as more importance on balancing the number of clansmen and soldiers you have, and having more complex war events, but those are nitpicks at best. Still a solid game, still a solid series."
,Recommended,281640,22536741,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Archibald Von Hallström,"There are very few games that urges me to buy both the game soundtrack or the Ipad portable versions of the game, ""The Banner Saga"" was one such game(among classics such as Heroes III). With that in mind my hype for the second part in a series of three games was massive. The return of characters that you really felt connected too and tried your best to save during the first game now team up with a whole new group of flavored characters and new races to survive the enemies hunting them from the first game.Overall the story and rich lore is delivered flawlessly as expected with a rather puzzeling cliffhanger at the end (yet again) and the few complains of the flavorless combat system from the first game have some what been fixed as the game raises the level cap of all heroes and provives you with new ways to really specialise each of the characters with higher crit chances or higher chance to dodge to name a few.The voice acting and visual effects are still used to great effect just as they were in the first game but I tend to think that there are more voice acting in this game after complains about the lack of it in the first game(I guess not everyone enjoy the Visual Novel theme they were going for in their story telling). The game can easily be finished under the 20 hour mark but seeing as the price for the game have been lowered compared to the first one I find it more then acceptable, there is also the massive replay ability and the diffrent diffuculty levels just as in the first game and branching storylines to keep the player entertained for a good amount of time."
,Recommended,281640,22539894,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,⋮[N00bFisters™]⋮ Høstiii,WOW! Let me just say this. I loved the first game. I gave it a 10/10. This one wants me to give it an 11/10! Some parts of this game are so intense that it really does something with you! BUY THIS! (and the first of course if you havent already)
,Recommended,281640,22540388,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheDavv,"Its more an expansion than a new game. If u liked the first one u will like the second. I like the story is even more polished than the previous saga, U have higher levels on charakters and there are more abilities for each charakter. There are new charakters so it will keep u entertained. U can beat this game within 10-14 hrs on normal, what is a reasonable amount of time. After u finish u will want to play it again cause u have 2 main charakters from previous saga, with the same main quest, but they differ in some choises that u make along the main questline. This game is chalenging and ai is most times pretty polished. Some of ur actions will matter so u can lose many of ur playable charakters. There is not much that has been changed from the previous title story and charakters excluded. So if  expecting different gameplay dont look it in banner saga 2. If u want to continue the great story from banner saga this is ur game. If u didnt play banner saga 1 u can jump into this game with no problem. U may not understand some relationships and motivations that are in the first game, but recap that is in game will help u with main plot."
76561198106954050,Recommended,281640,22532887,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Cobratron,"Even better than the first, cool new abilities, way more character and enemy types. Artwork beautiful as ever. Well worth it!"
,Recommended,281640,23838780,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Frederik,"Superb game, no doubt about it."
,Recommended,281640,22538738,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,maugister,"Banner Saga 1 was one of the most refreshing and intense experiences of the past few years. A good example of an small budget indie game that manages to transcend the limitations and expectations with good balance between simple ideas, good execution and minimalism that leave enough for the imagination to fulfil. There are few realistic big budget 3D games that manage to create as strong feelings as the 2D graphics that Banner Saga utilizes.Banner Saga 2 is a straight continuation from the moment where Banner Saga 1 ends and if you have played the first game and still have the same game available, you can import the save game and it's situation to the second episode and continue playing. Enginewise not much has changed - the game still consists of mainly three different elements:- tactical chesslike turn based battles- camping where you can decide how to divide renknown between your heroes (or save it for shopping as reknown is used both as experience and gold in this game, which makes for interesting choices and isn't as bad concept as it sounds).- storyline dialogues where you can choose between various options and see how it affects your situation, sometimes more or less drasticallyHowever, there are some major changes in relation to the first episode: the battles are less repetitive and tedious as most of the fights have some extra elements that make them more interesting. Sometimes something happens during the fight that changes the situation and makes it more interesting. There are possible extra elements in the battlefield that can be destroyed or utilized. There are also extra classes that give more choices to your party structure. Bard being one of the most interesting ones. His skill gives boost to one character and he replenishes nearby characters willpower if he's close enough to the place where an enemy is killed by singing a heroic song.All in all Banner Saga 2 offers an updated and more enjoyable version of the already enjoyable first game with deep and emotional storyline that can contain rough and sad moments - like in real life, no matter how hard you try, sometimes bad things happen and you just have to cope instead of reload.If you enjoy tactical battles, interesting characters and emotion inducing storylines in a viking fantasy world with sort of minimalistic and streamlined dialogue options, you can't go wrong with Banner Saga. But start with the first game."
76561198025645758,Recommended,281640,22537778,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Tyfalion,"""No better burden can a man carry on the road than a store of common sense.""- Hávamál, st. 10In The Banner Saga 2 you again assume the role of a leader of men, as you take up the mantle to guide your clan, and your banner, to safety. The world is breaking (Ragnarok) and this is part of the mystery as the story unfolds.In many aspects this sequel continues the trend of The Banner Saga 1. But on a grander scale. The enemies are more varied, the battles have more diverse environments and other winning objectives than simply ""defeat all enemies"".The battles feel integral in moving the story along and it is paced very, very well in my view. The game's underlying mechanic is essentially getting from A to B via C via X. Confusing? Not really as the story branches out and introduces new main characters such as the war torn Varl (a race in this universe) Bolverk. A stark contrast (depending how you play and your choices of course) to the other main character.The story, and choices, are multi-layered as you make decisions as to how (not) to protect your Caravan of people at the base level. The stakes are upped when you parley with more powerful individuals, whether in regards to magic, title or simply supernatural beings, and need to make decisions that can affect whole communities or possibly the world.If you have played The Banner Saga 1, you will want more answers regarding the game's overarching plot of the world breaking apart. These are somewhat passed along to the player just like treats to a pet. They satisfy you for a bit but you stay to get more as The Banner Saga 2 augments the series' universe. The lines are blurred and your morality, as well as your view of people, will get challenged. Compared to other ""choices matters"" games it does matter here. Main characters can die, or be lost, 10 minutes after using all your ressources leveling them up.Common sense will get you far in this game, but what exactly is common sense when you are presented with possible world altering consequences?"
,Recommended,281640,22539637,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,桜  Gawain,"definetely a great succesor to the original game, battles are spiced up and all choices have the same annoying consequences as before, and these stay with you too. Awesomness!"
76561198079482944,Recommended,281640,22543711,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Very Close to Home,ayyy lmao
76561198000569309,Recommended,281640,22527146,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ghost1,Even better then Banner Saga.
,Recommended,281640,22527519,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,jah047,Epic sequel a continuation of a great story
76561197994271577,Recommended,281640,23121312,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Balls_of_Steel,"TL/DR: Flat 9/10, great tactical RPG. Beautiful artwork and music, huge improvement over the prequel.-----Review-----Admittedly, I love tactical RPGs. Shining Force, FFTactics and X-Com (old and new) are amongst my favorite games. So, this genre is important to me. I want to voice this disclaimer before continuing.Ever wonder what happened to beautiful artwork and awesome gameplay? That's one good reason to like games: Don Bluth style animation and immersive experiences. This is hard to find in the 21st century with all the CG/3D modeling out there. Although 3D games have truly grew into great experiences in their own right, nothing will replace beautiful 2D illustrations with vivid, scintillating colors. Pair it with awesome core gameplay, and you remember the reason you're gaming in the first place: this title delivers on both of these fronts.The combat system, which is the meat of the game, is original and strategic. The depth with a simple system that is offered from The Banner Saga is staggering; there are only two main stats, armor and health. Armor protects you from damage, and health is obviously how much HP you can sustain before falling in battle. However, as a twist, health also determines how much damage you do: damage is calculated in The Banner Saga by [Enemy Armor] - [Attacker's Health]. This is the tip of the iceberg for this straightforward, yet complex gaming system. If you like turn-based games or tactical RPGs, the game mechanics alone are worth buying this game for.Banner Saga's story is truly engaging as well. While some gameplay elements have been sacrificed from the first Banner Saga (mainly out-of-combat scenarios and game mechanics), it is for the better as the game now has a greater streamlined feel from start to end. Decisions you make will determine whether your main characters, or your clansmen, will live or die. Although some of the main story arcs ultimately conclude to the same outcome in either case, it's still satisfying to think about and scrutinize your decisions during gameplay, as the consequences are great enough to have an impact on your experience.Aside from story, the animation and music is excellent as well. This only makes The Banner Saga 2 an even stronger Ensemble in conjunction with it's core components: it's great to see good games like this still exist in 2016.Finally, compared to The Banner Saga 1, this game is overall an improvement. The Banner Saga 2 has a story which does a better job of retaining your interest, is it more polished than it's precursor, and the battles are far more enjoyable as well; The Banner Saga 1 at times had some insipid, tedious battle encounters. Moreover, The Banner Saga 1 also had skewed difficulty within some of their encounters at times, probably to emphasize the hopelessness and brutality of the story. Unfortunately, as a consequence, it created an unenjoyable experience during some portions of its original campaign.In conclusion, The Banner Saga 2 is rated flat at 9/10. This is a really good game. It is somewhat short, but the depth of this game along with it's price tag easily overcomes this downside. The story branches just enough where replaying the campaign is a possibility as well, whereas The Banner Saga 1 did not have that quality of interest for me."
76561198017326846,Recommended,281640,23099390,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Bob Lob Law Blog,This game is good.
76561198064461174,Recommended,281640,24591334,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,water,great story. had me going for hours
,Recommended,281640,25729967,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Raccoon,"Absolutely incredible. Proof that you can improve upon an almost already perfect game by making a phenomenal sequel. Engaging, creative combat. Breath-taking animation and soundtrack. Lore depth and world-building that is unrivaled. Play this game. You'll be glad you did."
76561197972531474,Recommended,281640,25730224,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Aginhard,"Remarquable piece of art. Animation, story, atmosphere, drawing, everything is charming and immersive. Wen you play this game you discover a unique and amazing world full of scandinave legends. It is a world between maturity and complexe / realistic interaction with the different characters of your journey. You can't miss that kind of stuff. I recommand it !"
,Recommended,281640,24140144,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,hoschi,Awesome story! Want more!
76561198031195823,Recommended,281640,24150386,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Galaktik Köfte,Great game
,Recommended,281640,24305051,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,A FUCKING BEAR,10/10 would headbutt a bear again
,Recommended,281640,24095981,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Arn,Yes indeed.
,Recommended,281640,24176904,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,GussiePotato,Outstanding.  Truly worth playing.
,Recommended,281640,24304244,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,Five Word Review: A Turn-based strategy worth playing.Favorite Thing: Great gameplay and story. Looking forward to The Banner Saga 3.Least Favorite Thing: The ending was very abrupt with no cliffhanger. I was honestly surprised when it ended.Playtime: 16hEnjoyment: 8/10Recommendation: Definitely. Make sure to play the first one too.
,Recommended,281640,24613192,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,faedri,"After being addicted to Banner Saga 1 and playing it for hours on end, I was super disappointed by Banner Saga 2's ending.  In Banner Saga 1, the ending felt so poignant to me...deeply moving, and with a decent amount of wrapping up loose ends and closure, but still with some questions left unanswered...but satisfying enough as an ending.  In Banner Saga 2, things felt rushed at the end and there were so many loose ends and questions unanswered...it felt more like a cliffhanger ending to me, which I immensely disliked because it feels like marketing/revenue ploy for DLC or another sequel. I feel a bit cheated.As a minor sidenote, I felt like Rook's romance with Oddleif felt a little...well, odd and out of place. It felt like it popped out of nowhere. Alette and Egil, I could see development, but not Rook and Oddleif unless there had been more flirting/attraction previously.I'd still recommend the game because the story was good, but am sad about the ending (and not in a good way like from the first one)."
,Recommended,281640,23006742,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,No Chicken?,banner saga...  more like what a banger saga
76561198097594888,Recommended,281640,22532159,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Shaminar the Dragon,"Exellent game just like the first!I also think you should make an animated movie series of The Banner Saga!Seriously, this would be great to see on the big screen."
,Recommended,281640,22533147,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Varok,"I played the 1st Banner Saga Game and I totally loved how the player feels part of the story, taking decisions through the game will most of the time have consequences, sometimes some decisions will let your close companions be kill, the background music is awesome, the combat has innovative way using a pretty close point of view like real life (if your strength is low or you are wounded you will do less damage)In Banner Saga 2 for the 8 hours I was able to play yesterday, I knew it was going to be another success game from Stoic Developers since they took the enough time and were opened from feedback to add new features to this 2nd part of the saga. what I love of this game is that you will never expect what is going to happened, yesterday while I was playing I decided to help in a specific situation and the result for that action was something I never expected :(I was wondering what will happened when characters reach max stats and Stoic team add the talents features, which is awesome allowing the player to choose once more their path to victory with those talents that will make the difference in combat when the odds are against you.Here is a nice review I saw long long time ago in a website when I was researching for Banner Saga game before I decided to purchase.""Risk in gameplay: A lot of modern games play it safe- you know you'll defeat the evil and save the day. In The Banner Saga you can't take anything for granted. We want it to feel like a good tv mini-series; the world doesn't revolve around you, it's about how you deal with change."""
76561198113143951,Recommended,281640,22535160,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Kinsman,have to say i like were this saga is going so far. i love how everything from bs1 can carry over into the new game. i also like the new enemies. and how there are new things on the battlefield such as the barricades and what have you. when you have all the characters from the previous game combined with the new ones you now have so many combat possibilities that it will have coming back for more. for me the variety of choices has been the reason to play it again and again i just love making different choices to see how things play out differently in the story. i like everything they have done with this and hope the saga continues.
76561198060055954,Recommended,281640,22541759,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,☩Klan Leader☩,"When the game is so supreme you let out a little creme.This is a beautiful game, a fun game, an improved masterpiece. The moment I launched this game I was emotionally attached to the characters and the music released a hit of nostalgia the second it reached my ears. This game which I have waited so long for is worth getting. What are you waiting for buy this game now!"
,Recommended,281640,22542258,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mince,"Amazing, huge improvments over the last while keeping the base game the same everthing for training tent to party managment has been upgraded and comes together perfectly.no one for review just wanted to say how good it is."
76561198064118173,Recommended,281640,22542716,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,jacob.q.glad,"Played the game straight through in one sitting.All I can say is, if you liked the first one you'll like this one. If you didn't like the first one you won't like this one."
,Recommended,281640,22542961,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SammuelMiranda,"Play Banner Sage 1, 2 and the Free Online one ... battle schemes are impressive simple, but enduring and allowing lot's of strategies... the artstyle and history of the franchise will impress you, i'm sure."
76561198187339749,Recommended,281640,22543171,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,merka,great storyi have played abut two hours of this game so far and it absolutly great. the art is amaizing along with the story.
,Recommended,281640,30331084,Posted: 4 March,all,Gamer In The Shell,This game is fantastic and builds apon everything great from the first game.The gameplay feels improved/enhanced and the story is just as interesting as the first game's with a lot of interesting new elements.
,Recommended,281640,22525423,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,anarka,"First impressions review (minor spoilers)By the end of the first act, I've nearly sailed my caravan off a waterfall, got most of my people killed escaping a horde of enemies, walked across a floating bridge as the world *literally* falls apart around me, toss supplies to save lives (banking on a supply purchase at my next destination only to find it a smoldering ruin), faced a mutiny and desertion, left little hope.Conclusion: yup, The Banner Saga is back.11/10 already can't wait for the next road trip through the apocalypse."
76561198073343378,Recommended,281640,30741063,Posted: 25 March,all,brianconnors1,I found the fighting sections pretty addictive. The Survival Mode is a great addition.
76561198025559950,Recommended,281640,30664894,Posted: 22 March,all,sportack,"I could just look at this game for hours. This is exactly the kind of game that plays perfectly on a tablet (mechanics focus on strategy, not reflexes; story is engaging, but never drags on for more than a minute without prompting a choice or action), but... Play it on the best monitor you have if you can it's absolutely worth it.The narrative itself does not wrap up as tightly as the first game, but mostly in the sense that they were obviously a lot more confident in the sequel happening than they were with the first instalment and they can afford the unresolved ending. Definitely looking forward to TBS3!If I had one critique, it would be the treatment of music during combat scenes. The scoring overall is great, but the combat loop just repeats without variation. While you might not notice as you plan your next four moves, I can attest to the fact that the repeating audio will drill into the brain of anyone else in the room until you are compelled to find a headset..."
76561198025025501,Recommended,281640,22625294,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,zormzorm,"If you liked the first one, seems like you're going to like tbs2.  A+ so far.Playing The Banner Sagas 1 & 2has some flavors of watching a Hayao Miyazaki animated movie, if Miyazaki were a depressed SwedeFinn and liked bleak starvation-driven migration stories, with long turn based tactical combats between animated portions, team, and inventory management.We really like these games and are surprised that there aren't more cinematically animated, calmly delivered scenes with decisions that seem fraught with peril and a lot of slow turn based combat.Perfect. Keep it up.   Perhaps you could re-do The Oregon Trail, do it really well, and then probably throw in some native-north american and crazed Christian missionary end of the world story.Bleak, frozen, relentless. Poor Rook's face has gone from that of a hale middle aged man to one that looks ruined with despair.A+"
76561197975209475,Recommended,281640,30623166,Posted: 19 March,all,Shamefur Dispray,"I really loved this game and it scratched my itch for a proper RPG style tale in a computer format. To get the most out of it I recommend playing it with a role-playing mindset, that is what made it a great experience for me, trying to get under the skin of the character you are playing and make choices based on what that person would do, not what you think would get most XP for. Min-maxing party membership and other stuff is important to many people and they get their chance to enjoy their thing, but it is not required to complete the game fully.+ The setting, the story: Great stuff, some innovative storytelling right there. Trying to survive during Ragnarok is good material for dramatic tension.+ Animation: I for one love the animation on the battlefield, the little manuevers the characters perform, the little dances, the gestures. I think the animation was top-notch and a important part of the game.+ The sound: From soundtrack to voiceacting it was really well done and suited the atmosphere of the game.+ The different perspective: Playing as the Ravens was a nice touch and the different approaches between a somewhat naive Alette and a cynical Borkverk was great fun to play out.+ Artstyle: The characters, the backgrounds, the fallen gods, you name it.The battle mechanics are serviceable but not great, the animations made me enjoy them a lot even so and I had more fun fighting in this game than in Banner Saga 1 wich has the same mechanics.Overall I give this game a 9/10, though keep in mind I came for the roleplaying and the story, and I got exactly what I wanted."
76561198007983404,Recommended,281640,30717833,Posted: 24 March,all,OrcWhisperer,More of what I loved from the first game.  Worth every red cent.
76561197972064479,Recommended,281640,30096744,Posted: 22 February,all,Toast,so good! story/art is top-notch
,Recommended,281640,29494635,Posted: 25 January,all,Esoteric,Good game.
76561198193278291,Recommended,281640,25433269,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,cdbathgate,"One of the best indie games I have ever played. Love the characeters, art and satisfying battle system that can be suprisingly satisfying. Looking forward to Banner Saga 3."
,Recommended,281640,25852832,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,See you guys in Turbo Heaven,Even better than the one before it and that's really saying something
76561198006783806,Recommended,281640,31229952,Posted: 18 April,all,Rockom,"A beautiful and awesome game, really. But too short."
76561197973091916,Recommended,281640,22990362,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dendrazzik,"Great game. I think 22$ CAD is under price for such a great game, i would had be willing to pay 30$ CAD for it, for you US people it's about 25USD :)I paid full price because i wanted to encourage the developpers, I want to see a banner saga3 and more spin-off of the game."
76561198069991704,Recommended,281640,22579733,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The Safari Man,"The Banner saga used to be my favorite game...Now the second installment is my favorite game.Edit: On a side note. Sometimes the music links into the story so well. You forget your playing a game, and instead it turns into an expierence. Please purchase the album if you like the music. Alot of hard work goes into it."
76561198033645462,Recommended,281640,28182838,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,stu,"This is a nice game, involving, and the illustration is very good and helps give you the feeling of the world. However, although Ive only played it through once it seems quite linear and short, and consequently doesnt have much going for it in terms of replayability. If youre okay with that then its worth playing"
76561197962885939,Recommended,281640,28217005,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bricktop,The story moves forward and just gets better. I can't wait for Banner Saga 3. The world and it's history are incredibly well put together! I'd recommend these games to everyone who enjoys an epic story.
76561198295894218,Recommended,281640,31612401,Posted: 7 May,all,Cyril Lucaris,"Beautiful artwork, beautiful story. A fantastic sequel to the first. It will keep you immersed in an epic world."
,Recommended,281640,34116626,Posted: 8 August,all,Mack the Knife,"I wasn't super sure about The Banner Saga series after the first game, it was a fun but mostly forgettable turn-based strategy game akin to FFTactics or XCOM, albeit with gorgeous hand-drawn art. The Banner Saga 2 was a step up in every way. There's a reason these games are so well funded by fans. Definitely pick up the series if you get a chance."
76561198041797241,Recommended,281640,22553306,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,reemoo,10/10
,Recommended,281640,22546118,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Brandeu,Yep yep yep loved it! The 3rd one cant come soon enough.  Cliff hangers man...
,Recommended,281640,22563448,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Chonks,Is gud.
,Recommended,281640,33740676,Posted: 23 July,all,The Wanderer,"Excellent game with good art direction, music and plot. Did I say game play? And good game play too!Played part 1, and immediately bought part 2 after completing it. Then completed part 2 and found out part 3 just launched on Kickstarter. Immediately went to back the game developers 100%. Yeah, that good."
76561198311306086,Recommended,281640,35193765,Posted: 24 September,all,Henry,great story.
,Recommended,281640,33344644,Posted: 7 July,all,XinGst,"Just finished the game. This game improved a lot, more event , more units, interesting story, beautiful environment, and it's more harder.I also think each choice you choose have much more impact to the game. If you enjoy The Banner Saga 1 you'll love this for sure.Bad thing is  "" I HATE EYVIND'S LIGHTNING EFFECT!!!! CAN YOU UPDATE THIS SPELL PLEASE???? "" It's ok when it striking but what I hate is when it casted.... look like 1 star quality effect skill, It's been like this since Saga 1.Still love the game though, waiting for Saga3. :3"
,Recommended,281640,35100358,Posted: 21 September,all,Parsec,Fantastic tactics game with a very interesting story. Would recommend for any fans of Fire Emblem. Hopes are high for the third title in the franchise.
,Not Recommended,281640,24156776,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mistalleks,"TL;DR: Game doesn't cost a lot at all, which partly justifies it's length, but if you want the whole story — you'd better off waiting for the trequel. This chapter blatantly cuts off game's story with a by-the-book cliffhanger as if it was some TV-series.Also, consider that I do not reccomend this game mostly because there is no ""mixed"" button for reviews, but the game has a bit too high review score at the moment.Pros:+ More animated story scenes and attempts to present cutscenes\storytelling in new ways, which is commendable, considering what devs have on hands in terms of game engine and resources;+ Brand new heroes with brand new abilities, who bring new strategies into the game. They feel fairly balanced and do not seem like some checklist addition;+ Survival mode with it's own achivements and therefore challenges and tactics.Cons:- Obnoxious training challenges, that force you to play in one way and require to meet all winning conditions. Randomness of opponent's type and their starting position add nothing to these challenges, and just force you to fish for better starting conditions by restarting training. One can say that it's an optional content, but you get substantional amounts of Renown for completing these challenges, and if you want to have enough supplies and leveled up heroes to get a lot of achivements — you're left with no other option other than farming these challenges;- Game divides your heroes into two different campaigns after certain point, but you have no control on who ends up in what camp. Depending on your playstyle and preferences, you will feel like one camp has much better heroes than other. You can say that such approach encourages usage of different playstyles which in turn keeps game more entertaining and fresh, but considering that unique challenges for each camp are never seen outside one-two story battles and training challenges — this is not true.- Some moments in story feel underwhelmingfor example: laughable reasoning behind Canary's horseborn following Rooks caravanand unlike first game, BS 2 ends with dumbed-down ""boss"" fight, which feels like a cutscene, and then cuts off story without resolvinganystorylines presented in this chapter."
76561198055837109,Recommended,281640,22546046,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ThroneX,"Video -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCbktlUN2LgVideo 2 -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3anB-IKevbUPros:- Great story (better than a book)- This is like The Walking Dead, You are Rick and you must to survive with your crew.  (It would be nice a game like this but in our times)- Nice characters- Nice world of Banner Saga (Banner Saga 3 confirmed?)Cons:- Freezeing on loading screen. (on GTX 980)Note: 9/10"
76561198056682064,Recommended,281640,22526957,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,theskinsurf,"stayed out too long in the first battle and got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me... yep, it's banner saga."
,Recommended,281640,23743899,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Highwayman,"Very good game, not as good as the first one but all and all still up there"
76561198058487066,Recommended,281640,22523454,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,VodkaCupcake,"""You would not be suprised by Tryggvi if you had supported his Jurney before"".... and  the fourth wall  has been broken !Well thanks Tryg, if i only knew about this game existance i would of backed it/bought copies of it for my friends and played the pvp version of the game (F2p here on steam ""The Banner Saga: Factions"" check it out if you dont know it yet and you loved the first game)Sadly i only discovered it 4 days ago via steam sale.So i got in the first title and... woa, i skiped university to play a 11h long  campaign with no interruptions, without taking my eyes off the screen.Superb art, intense decisions, intresting combat gameplay, absolutely fabulous sound tracks and a story that will make your feelings range from A to Z.A 10/10 game in my book.P.s. Sorry for my poor english .-."
76561198000296031,Recommended,281640,22523682,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,SebasXLR,"If you loved the first one as I did, then you already bought this.If you haven't played the first one, go play that first then come back."
76561198084863223,Recommended,281640,22524431,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Aegon Aetolos,"This game is everything good the first game was and then some. It's well worth the price. Hell, I'd buy it for $30 or $40"
,Recommended,281640,22524723,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,tchoob,"The Banner Saga is one of my favorite games of all time. No other game story has captivated me so deeply. The choices matter. Lesser men will cry.The Banner Saga 2 follows the same trend of storytelling, but with slight improvements to the combat.My only complaint is that there is a fairly serious bug involving exp and promotions. For many of my characters, it will tell me I do not have the required amount of exp, even when I clearly do. This is close to game-breaking as it is a very integral part of the game and I'm experiencing it so much it feels like something that should have been noticed and fixed before release."
,Recommended,281640,22525277,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Kitten,"When a close friend leaves you and all you can do is wait for them to come back not knowing if they are dead or alive. Love the game's combat, story and vast character choices that effect nearly everything. So happy I got this pre-purchased the soundtrack is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,281640,22523475,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Schweff,"More wonderful artSome new, challenging enemiesGameplay is mostly quite similar, but a few nice changes to keep things fresh (eg training challenge missions)Get to carry over your old save - so your decisions (and equipment!) carry overOverall, just glorious...Just buy it already"
,Recommended,281640,22523866,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Le Voyageur,"I might update the review when I have played more. Basically, if you love The Banner Saga, you'll love this sequel.The sequel lets you import your save game so you can have your characters' stats and items. I wish I hadn't chosen Alette to be the martyr of the previous game. I like playing as Rook; what breaks your heart more than a grieving parent? But I would love to see dear Alette developing herself into a leader for the rest of the clansmen.In the first chapter (that is Chapter 8), you literally continue your journey (just a few days after the end of The Banner Saga) to find a safe zone when the world is breaking. You won't find many things new, but you'll find everything you love from The Banner Saga.You can see my let's play onhttps://youtu.be/fDXkeX-o3hw"
,Recommended,281640,22524199,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Blythe,"EDIT:Allrighty, removed old review, new one in its place since I've got a successful playthrough already. My playthrough was on Normal Difficulty.Pros:* Art, music, atmosphere remain good.* Promotion/ranks are easier in this game* Strategy has improved; the approach to the training tent can net you Renown. Better special attack combos in general.* Your choices matter in this game. Be prepared to risk losing characters you love or for fights you feel conflicted about, especially late in the game.* Ludin seems...nicer. He was a character I didn't like in BS1, and he seems to have grown in BS2.* Reasonably good way of handling/discussing sexism for the setting.* I imported an old save; I could immediately tell my choices in BS1 mattered. I saved Egil in BS1 and Alette lived, and that actually gave me a special scene in BS2 at a certain godstone.Cons:* Image flickering in Old Wood with Horseborn fight* Occasional lag* Don't expect to be playing from the perspective of a ""hero"" all the time. Bolverk is...different. He's probably the furthest thing from heroic, and oftentimes I found all of the options in conversation for him to be negative ones. He can be very rewarding, as his personal story is very rich, but in the beginning, he's incredibly frustrating, at least for me.* Ending feels a bit...abrupt, comparedto BS1. As if one is being stopped mid-tale. BS1 has a sense of closure to me; BS2 feels like I'm left on a cliffhanger. Could be a pro, depending on how you like your plot structured; it was just a bit jarring for me."
76561197988389641,Recommended,281640,22527297,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Giblets,"It's an art piece, with excellent strategic game play, and impactful decision making.I'm enjoying it so far, and look forward to completing my playthrough.I really like how the devs provided a recap and smooth reintroductions of the game mechanics to help players dive right back into where they left off."
76561198061044521,Recommended,281640,22539840,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Maxx Normal,good stuff
76561198143030878,Recommended,281640,22739782,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,blumenleere,"In some aspects (fighting e.g.) a little bit more interesting than the first part, I'm a little disappointed because I hoped for a longer gameplay. But nonetheless a great game and I'm looking for to the final episode of the saga!"
,Recommended,281640,27788784,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tremorsense,The saga continues... and oh how I love it!
,Recommended,281640,25346554,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,The Mentalist (GR),Awesome Game!!!
,Recommended,281640,29187588,Posted: 11 January,all,JOHJ,Best anime of 2016
76561198026298409,Recommended,281640,22527972,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Liberal Lion,"Keeps all of the tactical combat and stunning artwork of the origional while managing to add to the already increadibly rich storyline and adding some useful changes to game flow. The UI is slightly improved by making certain game michanics more explicit. The addition of distructable envierments strategic choices around the military training of ""clansmen"" has made the player's role as a leader a bit more well-rounded with decisions about how to ustilize your civilian followers."
76561198062080140,Recommended,281640,22523267,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Wounded Jeff Goldblum,A good game but I'm getting TIRED OF EVERY TOWN BEING RUINED WHEN I GET THERE!!!!!!!!!
76561198027336265,Recommended,281640,22577583,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Alex,84%
,Recommended,281640,26005609,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,FatherTouchTouch,Just finished the gameStory: LitMain Chraracters: LitSide Characters: Simi-LitNew gameplay eliments: LitNew Classes-Lit AFNew Units: Extra LitPlot twists: LitPlot choices that carry over from the first game: LitGame length: Not so LitOverall: Pretty Lit/10 would light up Again
76561198035690750,Recommended,281640,30856161,Posted: 31 March,all,Pete's Diner,Ravenous for the next game.
,Not Recommended,281640,29447771,Posted: 23 January,all,pmackles,Same as BS1 with abrupt/boring ending.Pros - Decent if you liked BS1Cons - Felt even shorter than BS1 and the ending was bleh
,Recommended,281640,31816135,Posted: 17 May,all,Dave,Recommended
76561198019645105,Recommended,281640,31774477,Posted: 15 May,all,Santimus Prime,"great game, great story.  cant wait for the 3rd one!"
,Recommended,281640,32873646,Posted: 27 June,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then minePLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingThe Banner Saga 2 is a game developed by Stoic and published by Versus Evil and is the sequel to The Banner Saga. The Banner Saga 2 is an epic story set in a fantasy nordic-like world. It has RPG/tactical gameplay and a bit of resources managementThe story of this game is great, even 12 hours into the game and I still haven't completed the whole campaign! It does has a depressive/end of the world mood that is rare to be seen in games. The soudtrack is outstanding, it fits greatly with the game helping creating the right sensations at the right momentsThe artistic style is inovative and very beautiful especially the animated cutscenes! The choices you make are good and make the game shape itself as you play it. It adds replay value and great a better bond between the player and the gameAlthough, The Banner Saga 2 is a beautiful and well produced indie game that any fan of RPG's and tactical gameplay should give it a try!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198031328124,Not Recommended,281640,33444050,Posted: 10 July,all,Rizilliant,"Loved the first one, but this one just gets too ridiculous with the high amounts of armor on enemies, the high amount of strength, and the sheer number of enemies being thrown at you.. Theyve even begun to completely forgoe attempting to strikle at my armor, and go straight for strength dmg... EFFECTIVELY!This has completely destroyed the game for me.. Far outnumbered, out strengthed, and out armored.. The math speaks for itself here.. Every strength dmg you take, you do less dmg.. Its a losing battle come chapter 10-11... And Im only on Normal!!!That said, I have yet to see anything even close to starvation like I did in my 1st playthrough of Banner Saga... I have ample food at all times.. There hasnt really been good use of the fighter.caravaner thing either.. They grab enough food for several days, quite often.. .I dont think Ive been under 2.5-3 weeks worth of food yet!  So much so, that Ive begun resting for 2 to 3 days at a time, everytime someone gets injured(which by chapter 10, is happening often)..The story is still amazing, and exactly what Id hoped for.. Sadly, I wont get to finish it!(TIP) try very hard, to bring some Armor Break trinkets to your Ravens side.. I have none, and its crippled my run)The leveling up has been aided, as you dont ONLY gain rank by getting a killing blow in combat, but also in training tents... Theyve even added 5 exercises per convoy(10 total) for large amounts of Rep, and level ups for all classes...Much better than BS!The sound, atmosphere, and art design remain the same, and its wonderful...Basically everything about the game I DO love, but that ridiculous amount of enemy numbers, strength, and defense is just too much.. I shudder to thnk how unenjoyable Hard would be!  I know this will be downvoted to oblivion, and I really dont think a ""No"" is what I want to put here.. but the reality is, it is keeping me from completing the game, and the last few battles didnt feel like I was on the edge of my seat, but just ""Sigh.. This again... Yay, a whole bunch of the biggest guys, and a whole bunch of wierd unexplained mechanics and debuffs they put on me without explenation"".  Do with it what you will...Theres also a survivalmode, for those who care.. I have no idea what it does..PS: Oh, theres plenty of shameless advertisement, and plugs to get you to buy this, or fund Banner Saga 3 in the main Menu screen.. Rather off putting imo.."
76561198102021408,Not Recommended,281640,24488793,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,torrent of a goose,love the music but the game is very dull.the voice acting at the beginning is excellent but then completely disappears and is replaced entirely by text of a type that might have worked in a batman comic but fails miserably to capture the atmosphere of what is supposed to be a mighty norse saga.combat is dreary and repetitive and not particularly difficult.the visual element is way too tidy and cartoony to really evoke any sense of danger or hardship.this game is obviously well liked by a lot of people but personally i regret buying it.i will however be buying the soundtrack ( highly recommended...and from what i ve read themusic from banner saga1 is even better).
,Recommended,281640,30535427,Posted: 15 March,all,Raznack,"in the end.. i dont know whos the bad guy.. need to wait TBS 3 ^^ and hopefully they will add a longer gameplay and side quest or anything. u guys great.ps : i clicked product received for free lol, i bought it -_-"
76561198238657670,Recommended,281640,28696644,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tzeentch,Continue.
76561198119128297,Recommended,281640,24948607,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Shit Show,Really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really reallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreally good.
,Recommended,281640,22563726,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,just like Banner Saga 1 but with new classes and some better combat scenarios: 8.5/10.
,Recommended,281640,33113394,Posted: 1 July,all,Yams,Pretty game
76561198095784995,Not Recommended,281640,22902513,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,IcePaladin,"Repetitive, no control, predictable. Not really replayable. Skills are limited. Battles are limited. ""Adult"" choices eans everyone dies. No real purpose of fighters/varls like at all. Game is bare bones. Cant believe thehype. Only redeeming trait(s) is that it has beautiful imagery/music. Only worth it if on big sale."
76561198033800834,Not Recommended,281640,31595821,Posted: 6 May,all,Callmemrchainmail,"I don't normally write reviews but based on how much I loved the first game I feel I have to vote: everything I have to say is covered in other, more detailed negative reviews:There's a few typos that further the impression that the devs weren't paying as much attention this time.Your victory objectives aren't explained so yeah, there really is a few battles you have to lose first in order to figure out what you should've done.You have the option to train plenty of fighters but you don't need them (for anything).The ending absolutely sucked. You're given the impression you'll get something if you do a particular thing (it's explained to you ""The lightning might..."") but it doesn't and you don't. You might as well just fight like normal and save yourself an hour.It feels as if the last half of the game is just ""You know, we could probably make a Banner Saga 3.""Might buy 3 if it's on sale but I won't pay more than $5 until the devs prove they aren't just in it for the shekels.My verdict: another great indie series ruined by greed."
76561198061485027,Not Recommended,281640,22592256,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JoyfulRogue,"More of the same good stuff from the 1st, EXCEPT: The ending, the final battle is actually TERRIBLE compared to the first.The ending was confusing, uninspired and didn't resolve ANYTHING. It feels like the game ended kind of in a middle of the story rather than being a complete piece of it.I was happy with the game until the end disappointed me.First Banner Saga had an amazing ending with an epic battle. This was just lame and unsatisfying."
,Recommended,281640,32551091,Posted: 18 June,all,HIDDEN MCNASTY,horny men r cool also good funa+ great job
76561197970579546,Not Recommended,281640,22866387,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Les Grossman,Buggy missions. Stay away or wait for patches.
,Recommended,281640,31469905,Posted: 30 April,all,goulios.christos,cool story!
,Recommended,281640,32892002,Posted: 27 June,all,カイオ(Caio),It's a good game
76561197984400523,Not Recommended,281640,22619758,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Scott McG,"I really wanted to love this game...I really did. The art direction, the characters, even the combat for the most part is really great. I enjoyed the first game...but hated the ending. This one, even moreso. It had a decent story but near the end it all falls apart and nothing makes sense and your choices mean next to nothing.I hate, HATE, that a large part of the game is having you build up your party members and equipping them with items, only to have them leave or turn against you. Sorry, that is just not fun, nor interesting.This is a game that has SUCH a huge potential, but gets bogged down in a goofy story that is really trying too hard to be ""cool"" or ""exotic"" etc.  This reminds a lot of the TV series ""Lost""."
,Not Recommended,281640,30371265,Posted: 7 March,all,greyskies,"Banner Saga 2 feels and plays almost exactly like the first installment of the series, which is both a good and a bad thing. On the plus side, it is still an amazingly beautiful game; on the negative side, it still suffers from an incredibly stupid battle system.To give a quick recap, in the world of the Banner Saga a characters' hit points is also equal to the amount of damage they can dish out. An uncommon yet interesting concept - which is completely ruined by one major flaw: your party and the enemies will always alternate turns.If an enemy is killed, the next in line will simply take their position; this means that the optimal strategy to win is usually to beat down each enemy to its health minimum and then move on to the next opponent until the battlefield is filled with cripples. Conversely, this means that saving your own injured characters is a tactical disadvantage.It also results in the absurd fact that battles are generally the easier the bigger the enemy army, as they will waste turns moving with far away characters while you can maim everything next to your guys with no resistance. As an unfortunate side-effect this drains atmosphere from the story, as the approaching giant army of Dredge hardly seems like a menace.Granted, the developer has apparently realized how stupid their system is, and introduced a number of new talents and features which punish not killing enemies, allow for turn order manipulation, or outright alter/replace the combat system. Is it enough to save Banner Saga 2's merit as a strategy game? No. Which is sad, because it is a great narrative experience.That said, there's a few other things about the game I found annoying, but also a few improvements compared to its predecessor:Positive:- more detailed and varied battlefields- battlefields which are just squares are less common- finally a decent variety of enemiesNegative:- The ending. It is weak from a story standpoint, but gameplay-wise it plain sucks. None of the last few battles are challenging, and the final one is just a dumb gimmick involving no strategy- Choices are oftentimes mundane, and choosing anything that involves your lead character almost always nets the best result without any danger- You still made a bad choice and lost clansmen? Hard to care since they're little more but numbers on the top of the screen, serving even less purpose than before- Inconsistent character sprites. One can clearly distinguish old and new character models (the old ones have a more grey outline, while the newer ones are black); some such as Rook have some animation frames with both, and it looks really patchy once you have noticed it for the first time- RNG is a bigger factor due to numerous new talents which have a % chance to do something- The game does a lot of ""tell"" but little ""show"". An epic confrontation between Eyvind and the world-eating Serpent just happened? Here, enjoy this still image of guys standing around and talking about how amazing it was.Conclusion:A bit better than the first installment, but Banner Saga 2 is another pass. Sadly."
76561198006656405,Not Recommended,281640,23739845,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lord Laramee,Okay a game that is bugged and won't let you get passed the tutorial does not deserved to be sold to the public. Period. Fix it because I have high approval of the series.
76561197995805471,Not Recommended,281640,22792551,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kinesia,"The ""Leave"" option is missing from the bottom of towns, so I have no progress in the game. It is a huge and gamestopping bug that should've been caught in beta testing. I'm using 1920x1080 which is a common resolution."
76561198007095854,Not Recommended,281640,22659177,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ioci,"you can still buy the game, just look at those positive comments, they are telling the truth, just like this not recommended comment does,and here am i, about to complain:1. the tutorial in the BS2 is annoying, really annoying. there is no option to shut it. shame(the previes game had same type of tutorial but significantly shorter, so that make it torelable, the new tutorial makes me dont even want to play again with another save file from BS)2. and there are bugs:-in the first battle against horseborn, i always encounter the same bug, that when the 2nd wave of reinforcement arrived to the map, the charaters in the battle field starts to flash and disapear.-crushes, which drives you crazy if it happens right after a hard battle, but the good thing is, in BS2, there are no hard encounter.3. the game is way too easy, (spoiler alert)not just the finnal battle, which is really symbolic. i played the hard difficulty, but the game is not hard at alll, because you can always REST, in BS2, the supplies are easy to get, and i havent had my caravan starved for one single day. and there was a chapter that your raven caravan has to running away from the large horde of dredges, yet you can still have some rest, yes, have some rest without any problema. but there was one encounter i havent win, it was against Sefra, a bandit leader i saved with the raven caravan in its journey, i always lost and been robbed by them.4. ability are not special for the common folk, lost of ability can be learned at the level of 6, even the axe throwing, boring.after all, its a decent game acording to the low price and nice art style & nice background story. i will still buy BS3, but hope there wont be BS4."
,Recommended,281640,29750233,Posted: 6 February,all,TheTrueProphet,.
,Not Recommended,281640,22809403,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Xanvast,"From a technical standpoint this game does not support higher resolutions than 2560x1440.I happen to have a 5k monitor and this is how the game looks for me :http://img15.hostingpics.net/pics/911801TheBannerSaga22016050514044203.jpgIf you have a high res monitor (4k), be aware that you'll have to lower your resolution to be able to play this game in real fullscreen, which is just sad in 2016.Edit : Other than that the game is good, maybe slightly better than the first part."
76561197998751576,Not Recommended,281640,23722894,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mr. NO MERCY kai skero psomi!,"Nothing like the 1st one... And with a very ""unfinished"" ending too..."
,Not Recommended,281640,23254419,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,◙Zatarra☼,"Fun at first, then a huge let down"
,Not Recommended,281640,32143385,Posted: 2 June,all,scabbycakes,"Pros:- The game itself is great, I like the combat system.- The story was unusual (being new to Banner Saga on BS2) but didn't force crap down your throat really.  You'll get it, but not be super-involved if you're starting at the second game.  (I didn't know BS1 was almost a dependency, this just picks up the story witrhout much of an intro.)- Beautiful.- Nice way to kill a few hours if you can snag it cheap enough.Cons:- Disappointingly, ridiculously short.- Nothing seemed to matter.  There's a click-to-converse things but I get the sense from dying and replaying through key scenes that the outcome of any interactions would result in the same story, but I might be wrong.- The game just ends at a weird spot, I replayed what would be the final battle about four or five times thinking I'd somehow lost and had to 'win' the fight some different way to not get a miserable half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ending.Worth a few bucks and good for the very short time I played it, but unless Banner Saga 3 gives a lot more value I probably won't be picking it up and can't really recommend a game that's over so fast."
76561198006514160,Not Recommended,281640,22649063,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Χαος,"Good game, but nothing like the first.However the price is low and the artwork is still great."
,Not Recommended,281640,24324539,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Kerrogovitar,Three months have passed and here came the update to add other languages but where ♥♥♥♥ing RUSSIAN? do not expect to buy the third part then
,Not Recommended,281640,22609390,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tau,"The game is okay, though a cheap copy of the first part. But the ending is the worst and cheapest I have ever seen and I played a lot of games!"
,Not Recommended,281640,30298297,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"The gameplay is better than the first game, but let's just be clear about this, the novelty has worn off and we're done here.The CYOA portions seem to have no meaningful decisions anymore, they tried to make the caravan part more interesting but failed, the new characters are boring, and the part of the game where your party splits in two and you're stuck playing as retard giant man is just a chore.Really, nothing to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,281640,30347380,Posted: 5 March,all,Matute Remus,"I wish I could give this game more than a ""Yes"" or a ""No"". Maybe 69/100 or ""Meh"".The good - Tactically-based combat, survival mode.The bad - Graphics that look like Saturday-morning cartoons. Music, despite winning accolades, that's pretty mediocre and repetitive, and worst of all doesn't ""fit"" the graphics.Worse than all of this, is the fact that key game mechanics are never really explained, and all of the tedious dialogue and endless multiple-choice answers. Is this a test?I have no idea why people love this game."
76561198015083749,Recommended,281640,31358937,Posted: 25 April,all,StayLifted,If you enjoyed BS2 you will love this game!
76561198076836895,Not Recommended,281640,25795905,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Heryfin,This game is just so plain. Sure the artwork is great and all but The combat isnt any fun and there aren't any voice actings at all
,Not Recommended,281640,25651824,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Darth Hernia,"Like the 1st game, BS2 is built upon a solid gameplay formula and fascinating worldsetting. Unfortunately, the execution falls apart. Stoic Studio behaves like that spiteful, arrogant artsy kid, bragging about the genius of their work but simultaneously mocks you for playing their game.If you're new to the turn-base strategy genre, the game is going to feel utterly alienating. And Stoic really doens't bother to hold your hand. You're thrown into the thick of battle to fend yourselves. You're going to make mistakes and you're going to feel it. Not in a satisfying ""everytime I retry I get a little better"" kind of way. But in a ""I'm hours into this playthrough and I just realized I don't have enough high level characters to get through this battle and now I must start all over"" kind of way.If you're a perfectionist then you're going to hate this game. The game doesn't allow you to make saves. You frequently find yourself having to replay entire chapters of the game to reverse a bad decision. Even that is frequently marred by the devs' sadistic, spiteful attempts at making life difficult for you. You want to get a power save to import into the next game in the franchise? We'll make it that the point of import is hours before the end of the game. So you'll have to replay hours of the game and watch unskippable cutscenese over and over again if you want that perfect save files.Some games feel like a labor of love. Both Banner Saga games feel like labor of spite. Spite towards Stoic's own fanbase. As you play the game you never feel appreciate. You feel like a sucker sticking out throughout the deliberate abuse the devs hurl your way. Because they want to be ""different"".Play the game game only because you want a genuine challenge, or if you really like viking mythologies; don't play the game because you want to support indie gaming. Stoic won't thank you for it. And it showed."
76561198036874457,Not Recommended,281640,30766004,Posted: 26 March,all,gbigdan,"There were a lot of people who said this game did not get a fair shake for whatever reason. I bought this game at full price after playing and LOVING part 1. I can say that this episode totally SUCKS due to poor writing and horrendous game balance issues even at the ""easy"" setting. It is too difficult and is just not fun period. A waste of money and time. To the devs: find those at fault and simply fire them and don't look back. By the way, I NEVER read reviews of my review so fair warning: you are wasting your troll time..."
,Not Recommended,281640,30042714,Posted: 19 February,all,resilientboy,If you need to reset the training area you just need to leave the area wait 30 second loading screen talk to the guy again lose another 15 seconds wait another loading screen for 15 seconds. No thank you i'll get a refund. If you can't even put a restart button for a training i don't wanna check out your game.
76561198004853916,Not Recommended,281640,22573098,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Master Adrianus,Don't waste your money! Seriuosly bugged as it is. Does not recognize mouse on my Mac. Seems to be a common issue. Needs urgent bugfix.
76561198140435102,Not Recommended,281640,32063016,Posted: 30 May,all,savvym,WTF happened? I was playing game for more than an hour. I survived the immediate death by fall and got to safe town. Then my pc turned off. I turned back and the part of graphics was missing. WTF just happened?
76561198048001113,Not Recommended,281640,32703091,Posted: 23 June,all,Wimbledon,"terrible slow, poor quality in animations and dialogs, poor quality in fights,i got bored real fast."
76561198118496779,Recommended,281640,26256843,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,snakejishi,My parents got divorced when I was 5 only..
76561198008376957,Not Recommended,281640,22572479,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,crayz,"Similar to Mad Max, except without the action.Very story driven."
76561198006719796,Not Recommended,281640,32509451,Posted: 17 June,all,DirtyO,I hate that they built in a tutorial you cant skip.  Let me play the ♥♥♥♥ing game! I already beat number 1
76561198037584410,Not Recommended,281640,22555085,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mr. Chelnoque,мда
,Not Recommended,281640,22519539,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,COCK SEGREGATION,"DISCLAIMER(!): it's just my constructive criticism, I think there is a lot of hatred against me, but I still obliged to write this review.Well, let's start:1) Good scenario? Ehmm... not, of course. Half of scenario is taken directly from other fantasy worlds/scandinavian mythology/greek mythology (here such combination of idiotic...);2) Wonderful gameplay? Haha, no again. Classical ""Press X to win"". Very easy and casual battle system. Developers have not heard about ""King's Bounty"", ""Disciples"", ""Heroes of might and magic"" series? Then I am not surprised...3) Beautiful graphics? Yes, here I agree. But why do developers make silly and banal game, if they can make the average quality of cartoons? Developers are jealous of the success of ""Life is strange""? Excellent!! Let then do cartoons, but not the game.My rating: 4.5/10. I add more information in the review later..."
76561198164174018,Recommended,281640,30487746,Posted: 13 March,all,PurpleEvya,"do you like turn based startegy games?do you like moral choices?do you like the feeling of leading an entire army, an entire caln?do you like vikings and fantesy?even if you don't I would recommend this game.the only reason not to buy this game is if you don't like turn based tactics, moral choices AND amazing stories in your game.if you love one of them BUY IT.... but first play ""the banner saga 1""."
76561198104402548,Recommended,281640,30485163,Posted: 12 March,all,RequiresAdditionalPylons,"The game is great in almost every way, but there are only about 14 or so hours of gameplay.  You will easily finish the game in one weekend.  Still worth the purchase.  But when you finish you're like ""oh... is that it?  i've only played two nights though... now i'm sad,"""
76561198043889915,Recommended,281640,30419394,Posted: 9 March,all,sdstryker2012,Excellent game. Epic story in an beautiful world backed by a robust turn based strategy system. Playing the first one is necessary though as it makes your decisions even more grand and you understand the full story and world. Absolutely recommend and looking forward to the conclusion!
76561198212944543,Recommended,281640,27440642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gunnulf,"Just as great as the first one, even if it's a little shorter"
,Recommended,281640,27452272,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,wearingpurple,"Better than the fist one in terms of gameplay, but sadly less immersive. Nonetheless a very good sequel to one of my favorite games!"
76561198006858770,Recommended,281640,27143809,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FfSsBb,"Finished the first one in like 2 days and felt gutted by the ending. But couldn't wait for the second one. Imported my save game and finished this also in like 2 days and again felt gutted.The Banner Saga tells an excellent story, made me care about the characters and comes with a great combat system.Highly recommended for fans of turn based tactics, grand viking sagas and rpgs."
76561198006749923,Recommended,281640,26868033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WHITEWIZARDG,"Great sequel, interesting story and pretty good turn based combat."
,Recommended,281640,26866300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeyEvansCool,"Honestly the best blend of art and gameplay. Beautiful scenery coupled with amazing concepts, characters and ideas. A compelling story where the consequences of your actions feel real."
76561198120912464,Recommended,281640,26875238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ninjamonkey,great game lots of great moments
,Recommended,281640,26949258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nobleman Swerve,"Challenging battle system and choices, feels like there is a real weight to your choices."
76561197973996794,Recommended,281640,26893705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peasant of the Isles,"The Banner Saga is a beautiful piece of storytelling with a spectacular soundtrack. Seriously, Austin Wintory's score for this sequel and the original frequently appear on my Spotify playlists.The game itself plays like half Oregon Trail, half turn-based RPG which is satisfying and challenging in execution. Again the game is designed to look like an old Disney film (think King Arthur or The Black Cauldron) and the Viking/Norse influences are very realisitic in that, outside of the completely fictional lore and fantasy characters/races, Stoic Games does justice to the appearance, weapons, and general flavor of Viking Age lifestyle."
76561198003586746,Recommended,281640,26897155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gendar,Best sequel of any game.
,Recommended,281640,26917405,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fr[A]nky Di[A]mond,BEST TACTIC NORSE GAME EVERRRRRR
76561197974202927,Recommended,281640,26923833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vertuan,"If you like tactics, then you'll enjoy this game very much. The soundtrack is great and the art design it's jus beatiful. Give it a try!"
76561198053342281,Recommended,281640,27020143,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alex,Played Banner Saga 1 and broke my heart at the end. Glad this sequel continues to follow the same trend. While the combat does not give major improvements aside from new obstacles and units and the caravan travel still seems to be useless the fact that the story is just so interesting just kept me coming back for more grinding so I can finish it till the end.
76561198012120582,Recommended,281640,24400730,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,RaveDigger,"Just like the first game the story, artwork, characters, and music are all fantastic. Highly reccomended. Significant improvements have been made to the gameplay as well (more character-types, items, etc). On top of continuing the story, I recommend play the original first because it will carry over your progress (characters, levels, items) Only a few problems:-Very few wars compared to the first game. This makes fighters fairly useless, especially since there is an achievement for getting 300 clansmens to the end of the game. Also clansmen can be used to forage for food so you can save your renown resource for items and leveling-Barricades. The developers make a big deal about the introduction of barricades in the first fight of the game and then there are only a handful of fights with barricades.-Some choices from the first game left abandoned (dredge baby just disappears?)-The ending leaves more questions than answers than a Game of Thrones season finale. Although this could be expected from the 2nd part of a trilogy.Otherwise this is an amazing game, especially if you like making difficult choices that add to replayability and turnbased combat.I'll end this review with the tip. Remember the less-than-useful Eirik from the first game? Take him with you when Rook's party pisses off Kragsmen and you can get him a War-Bear than he can summon each battle, 10/10 would maul again."
76561197991115169,Recommended,281640,24743271,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,jipthepirate,"MIXED FEELINGS. SPOILER ALERT. this is a chapter of the game, not as long as the first and it doesnt conclude anything.cons: doesnt finish saga, kinda shortPROS: still an amazing game, saga isnt finished, better battle system than first game (minor tweaks) and the story is still overly rich and entertaining.A+ GAME"
76561198044077976,Recommended,281640,22600289,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cthulhupie,"I love the first Banner Saga, I think it's one of the most intriguing games to come out in a long time. Banner Saga 2 is better in every way, seriously there's no reason not to play this."
76561198065485925,Recommended,281640,25084583,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Coach Bombay,This a good game. Beautiful artwork story and soundtrack. Very relaxing to play before bed.
76561197970560548,Recommended,281640,25031195,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Yelmelin,"Good story and choises just keep you guessing. You can never predict, while it still feels like ""a real outcome"". In other words the game dosent hold your hand but dosent punish you unfairly. The combat can be tough if you play it unwise..basically that is the game summed up. you GOT to be wise. Wise to survive. That means tough tough tough choises. Be the hero but be dead? Doesnt work."
76561198008054246,Recommended,281640,25126129,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Coronado,Great game. More of an expansion of the original rather than a NEW game. But damn I loved both banner sgaas. Cant wait for #3!
76561198091603895,Recommended,281640,24840415,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ykä,"So, what to say?I've played the first Banner Saga on iOS and it was BRILLIANT! Though, I wondered, could they improve on the sequel?Well, the answer is an absolute YES!I'm too lazy to actually write a long♥♥♥♥♥review so I'll just list in Pros, Neutrals and Cons.PROS:+SO MUCH MORE VARIETY! (More enemies and monsters, different landscapes, more heroes and classes...)+Fantastic story, though sometimes it may be a bit confusing or the kind of  a ""Wtf is going on?"" feeling comes now and then, which isn't BAD in my opinion.+Choices truly matter and impact on what is coming next.+Very replayable!+Great tactical combat!+You can import the first Banner Saga into this game!NEUTRAL:-+There is more voice acting which is just great! Although, most of it comes only in cutscenes, which don't happen so often. That kind of sucks but it is still better than nothing, right?-+Found it quite hard to level up a character to rank 10 as renown is quite uncommon (Depending on your choices) as you use most of it on supplies (which is important to make sure your clan doesn't starve and also keeping your morale in check).-+Ended well for such a short game, didn't leave you completely hanging over a cliff, and well enough to keep you curious.CONS:-You can't save them all.-All choices don't matter as some events in the story NEED to happen. (Very few though)-Hard to catch up if you haven't played the first game. They did make a recap which definitely did clear some stuff, but some characters you got from the first game will leave you confused in The Banner Saga 2. ""Who the hell is this guy I'm talking to?""-VERY short! I finished my first playthrough in 8 hours.VERDICT:An amazing hand-drawn game with one of the best stories I have ever seen and played, great narrative and overall gameplay!8.5/10"
76561198041314353,Recommended,281640,24831584,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,gsmcclellan,An excellent sequel to the first. I already love it after only a few hours. Can't wait to play more.
76561198013194590,Recommended,281640,24992648,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jonkollege,Loved this game.  Nothing negative to say.
,Recommended,281640,24530482,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,This game is good as a curly fry in your regular fries.
,Recommended,281640,24768395,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ichumuh,"If you liked the first one, you should definitely buy this one as well."
,Recommended,281640,22777914,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vice,"The Banner Saga 2 continues the story from the first game with a whole host of new additions...Here's a simple pro's and con's list!Pro's-  Much more variety in enemies to fight-  More spells and abilities to use in combat-  A new and interesting race - The Horseborn-  Much easier to manage your caravan from starvation (your clansmen will forage for supplies now)-  And of course all the random events and hard choices you had to make in the first game are still waiting for you!-  Lastly, the art style is done quite well...and the animation and voice acting is quite good also. Oh, and of course the muisc as well!Con's-  The game is shorter than the first one (took me only about 10 hours...and that's without skipping convo's and what not)-  The second caravan you will control in the game can be a bit harder to manage (very few ranged units and items to use)-  Somewhat of an annoying cliffhanger ending-  And lastly, some of the training missions that you will get are a bit on the hard side (especially the last one with Bolverk's team)All in all though...the Banner Saga 2 is quite an improvement over the first game.  It is a title worthy of your time and the price isn't too bad either...Just realize it's a bit short if you are only planning to play through it once (but really, you should play through it twice...once with a Alette and once with Rook)8.75 out of 10 (Very good!)"
76561198261573650,Recommended,281640,22809527,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,I Love You,"Hello all. just finished the Banner saga2 and i wish i wouldn't played it.....couse its over for this part.  11/10 rating for this game, don't think twice. buy it, altho i recommend 1st to finish banner saga1, dont be bored at the begging , continue play it forward, the style of this game is so unique, u r just not prepared for this, so at the begging u might find this game unclear and strange as everything good in life. best game i played in a while. I'm sooooo sad its finished and i have to wait to banner saga3 cause the story is not finished. now compare to previous part this is one even better. applause for devs.story 10/10gameplay 10/10"
76561197989937147,Recommended,281640,22753534,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,langer_rol,:D
76561198107214897,Recommended,281640,22771254,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Eärendil,"Stoic does it again. Another great game, and yet again it leaves you on a cliff hanger. I cannot wait for banner saga 3 and am eagerly awaiting its release. If you have not played banner saga 1 go play it right now then play banner saga 2 you wont regret it. You wont really understand anything in Banner saga 2 without playing banner saga 1."
,Recommended,281640,22775191,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vash_the_Stampede,Done this game with so much emotional pleasure! Waiting for Russian to challege it again!
76561197998750745,Recommended,281640,22770310,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gustav Badanka,"This game is great in every way in my opinion. The story is good and the battles is fun with many possible tactics and combinations. The lengt of the game is slightly longer than the first one but not too long. The scenery and designs is amazing and the small details is giving me so much enjoyment. I love the short voiceovers and animations when you reach certain places on your journey. The music is fantastic, I listen to the soundtrack of the first game on spotify all the time and the additions in this game is just as good. The small stories in the game, the superb map and the characters all sets the mood. In conclusion: I liked everything about it and I can't wait to play The Banner Saga 3."
76561197961319129,Recommended,281640,22611958,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,WillBreezy,Beautiful game. A few additional features added from the first one. Definitely worth the $20 price point. Definitely worth the $40 price point of The Banner Saga and The Banner Saga 2 combined.
,Recommended,281640,22612047,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tisler,"This is a wonderful continuation of where you last left off with the funeral of the Brave Sundr-Slayer, if you liked the last one you'll like this one plain and simple.There is many new mechanics, troop types, level cap, terrain types etc. And it's beautifully done inch by inch so as to not overwhelm you with the changes. Choices you made from the very beginning **Hint Hint**Better have kept Eirik, you can get a ****ing bear with him! **Hint Hint** come to impact you in different stages throughout this game and it's very satisfying when you feel you made the right one as a result. Difficulty is well done as you can choose a great many times whether or not to fight someone and this is nice because you can always do it to train and possibly get more items or people but if you can't be bothered or are hurtin then it's not overly punishing as their are many opportunities to fight and train throughout.Their is a renown reward for fist time achievements such as 5 kills with any specific class and this is very helpful for first time playthroughs, it gives you a compensary edge for learning mistakes, but makes it a real breeze if you played the first game a fair bit.With the caravan now whenever you join people they will either be a fighter, clansman or varl. Your charcters are also always included in the counters for one of these 3. It's a nice idea and I really liked it, the idea is to find a nice ratio of balancing fighters with clansman and grabbing every single varl under the never setting sun that you can. The fighters and varl protect the clansman whenever you fight and the clansman will forage for supplies periodically and consume less supplies then the fighters. That's about the end of it, there are certain checks and events that tend to occur depending on how many you have of fighters/clansman and their ratio. An example being fighters on boats, this is a bad idea, don't do it.All in all it's a wonderful game i'd say, with great replayability I just beat it with my first continuation playthrough with Rook and have gotten half way through with my second as Alette."
76561197978289051,Recommended,281640,22615343,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Spectrav,"Finished my first play through and was not let down.If you enjoyed the original you will enjoy this.Very much just a continuation of the first game with some great additions to game play.Tactics are clean and can be complex, but simple enough for someone who hasn't really gotten into the genre.Choices have a lasting and important impact to the game.The story is getting very interesting as well, some holes fill in and new ones dug.They only con is Ruggo, hate that guy with a passion."
76561198007279573,Recommended,281640,22579019,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,adam.lord1,I enjoyed the first one and the continuation of the sage did not disappoint! A beautiful game that is very entertaining!
76561198042283028,Recommended,281640,22697119,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Yog-Sothoth,"All the fun of the original with significantly improved combat. Played it in about eight hours and loved every second, this sequel has solidfied the Banner Saga as my favorite game series."
,Recommended,281640,22695582,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,exp(iφ) = cos(φ) + i sin(φ),"The Banner Saga 2. Long awaited by myself an I imagined it would be similiar to the first Banner Sage.But it isn't... It is WAY better which is still unthinkable for me. All the great artistic landscapes and charaters show how much love is put into the game.One of my biggest concerns in the Banner Saga 1 was, that you only play lik 6-7 heroes and all the other interesting characters are avoided since they are outleveled. With a clever trick the game ""forces"" you to play a great diversity of characters which makes fight MUCH more interesting than before. You have to look for new tactics and keep balance between the characters. Nontheless you can push a few characters very high.The atmospheric soundtrack brings chills down my spine and I get goosebumps from time to time. Sometimes the pictures and howling winds tell more than 1000 words.The Banner Saga ist one of the best games I have ever played. Developers you can be very, ery proud of yourself!Nontheless I have 2 small concerns:1) Walking in fights is sometimes a pain in the .... The hitbox of the confirmation button is so small that very often another tile is selected and I have to reselect the original tile. It takes the flow out of the fights.2) A voice acting would be evry nice but I can fully understand that implementing that means a lot more efford.So all in all: Buy this game! Play the prequel first and you will have a great and epic time!"
,Recommended,281640,22642650,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Flying Machine,"Let me preface this by saying I LOVED the first entry in The Banner Saga. I have over 80 hours logged on it, gotten every achievement and beaten it at least 5 times. I actually just did a fresh playthrough of TBS1 and I still loved it!The Banner Saga 2 is a DIRECT continuation of the first one. The first thing I noticed when I gained control is I had the exact same resources, clansman, fighters and varl as my imported save. My characters retained the same level and equipment, however it seems like they boosted all your underleveled characters up to level 3.I actually didn't expect this and it took me by surprise. Then again, I wasn't sure what to expect.Everything you liked or disliked about the first Banner Saga is back except everything is a -little- nicer and freshened up a bit!My only real complaint is about the progression system. Now, all your units can level up to level 10 but the problem is, there's no real reason to. The stat caps on your units hasn't increased at all but instead you have two options per maxed stat that can be put into a related perk. The problem is, they are all minute RNG based stats. Chance to avoid damage, critical hit chance, dodge chance, chance to avoid death are a few of the options you are given.Not only this but all of the new equipment seems to follow this design, as well, such as giving you higher tier of these random chances or more other tertiary stats that I couldn't be bothered with.It's no secret that The Banner Saga's combat is just a math battle so giving you more and bigger flat stats on levels and gear might be tough to balance and heavily dependant on how you did in The Banner Saga 1. However, by the end of this instalment, I was swimming in renown and couldn't be bothered to feed it to my units to min-max more. I think the highest level I got a character was maybe 7 and I still did fine.Overall, I'm sad to say that I doubt I'll be finding the same replay value that I did with the first Banner Saga. The ending to this instalment came more sudden and cliffhanger-ey than the last, to the point where it sapped any real urge I had to start another playthrough, anytime soon.Still, I am eager to see the end of this amazing series!Here's to hoping we don't have to wait another two years for the last part of the trilogy!"
76561198099262978,Recommended,281640,22643245,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,King Cool-Kat,"If you liked BS 1, you'll more than like BS 2. If you didn't like it, well, I don't think this'll do much to sway you.You play it for the story, which I think is interesting at best and a little dry at worst. I was keeping track of more characters than last time, I was more invested in the story this time as my actions carried over from BS 1 (being who plays the main character) and they do a better job explaining how the morale system works and what the different variety of people in your clan can do (clansmen now gather suplies every so often from the road, so that's a nice touch.)Combat is the same (though you'll get a new selection of classes and heroes to try out like Poets and Horseborn) and the artstyle is basically the same. I will add there are some fully animated cutscenes that are a nice touch, but there are only a handful of them for the REALLY important plot twists. I beat it in 10 hours or so, I'm sure others can do it faster, but I'm satisfied. Already waiting for The Banner Saga 3."
76561198057608257,Recommended,281640,22650651,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ajmetal,Oregon trail with Vikings. 10/10.
76561198074174677,Recommended,281640,22650698,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,echapman,Great game but it keeps crashing
76561197972714206,Recommended,281640,22652629,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tachyon,"The only annoying thing about Banner Saga 2, is when you complete it you have to wait for a Banner Saga 3. 10/10"
76561197999750586,Recommended,281640,22662486,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Grendel,"Better than the original, which was fantastic enough for me"
76561198043651064,Recommended,281640,22670371,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Waser214,"Banner Saga 2 is an excellent sequel to the first game. Not only does it pick up directly where the story left off in Banner Saga, but everything from a Banner Saga save file is transfered over, including levels and party members. Banner Saga 2 changes the ways battles work with many unavoidable battles having a single objective other than killing everyone, such as  taking down a faen Sundr. After playing it I already cant wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,281640,22547886,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,bitch,The ending is such a tease and imo got me a bit ???????? but overall I enjoyed this game almost as much as the first one!
76561198046975243,Recommended,281640,22825240,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Crax,"A fantastic game, The Banner Saga 2 definitely lives up to the expectations that it has set during TBS1. The visuals, the music, the gameplay has not changed much since then, but it is the good kind of retention and not just change for the sake of change.If I have one problem with this game, it will be, surprisingly, the narrative. While TBS1 executes this nicely, TBS2 provides more confusion with little sense of accomplishment. For example, the telling of tales between Alette/Rook and Bolverk, as compared to TBS1's Rook and Bolverk didn't work nearly as good as expected. If I have to say why, it will be the pacing I think. During TBS1, both protagonists fight their way through with different objectives, experienced increasingly desperate battles (yeah, TBS2 doesn't feel nearly as desperate) that eventually end up in epic moments like the defense of the Varl Kingdom, and later in a do-or-die war against Bellower.Here, Alette's (I have not played as Rook yet) journey consisted of far smaller consequences because the Bellower threat is gone, and she's kinda on the path towards queenship or something? I can understand that this is kind of the calm before the storm, but all the same, I kind of imagined this to be like Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn levels of despair, but despite the world literally breaking... this doesn't.But if Alette's journey felt just okay, then Bolverk's is truly subpar. I'm going for a good-person-route, so my choices are going to be more amiable than tyrannical. But from the beginning to the end Bolverk felt - is - a puppet to the Menders, first by Juno and later by Zefr (and inside him, a spoiler-ish character I won't mention). His route felt more like a lesson on 'sometimes, life will screw you from the back, and the front, and through your ears and later literally your brain because you know, screw you one more time?'. Not exactly the best of experience to say the least. The shield maiden Folka would probably make a better protagonist for this storyline; where you play as her trying to influence Bolverk into making the right decisions.And the menders, god, the menders. I get the menders are supposed to be Shannara levels of secretive and manipulative and despair, but this really doesn't need to be inflicted on the players as well. What is going on? We went from 'we are here to aid you to fight against the darkness' to 'we are actually responsible for it, but we ain't gonna tell you anything just because' to 'actually I'm superman capable of lightning to death the God-like thing that's been plaguing us all' then 'NOW we're going to beat back the darkness just give us a sec to raid our old homes' and finally... finally what?I don't get the ending. I don't get Juno's thinking. I don't get what Eyvind's trying to do, I'm really disappointed we don't get to see a council of menders (only 1 dude on screen because...?) and their inner workings, I'm disappointed we don't get to FIGHT a council of menders, and most of all I'm disappointed the final 'boss' battle is a reaaaaaaaaaaally easy 1 on 1 between Iver and Bolverk. I even purposely lightning Bolverk until his death 1 HP by 1 HP because I thought that is the objective, but unless I'm mistaken even if I outright brawl him to death without a single lightning he'll still live. I have no choice but to admit that this part of TBS2 is very disappointing. I'm sorry.That being said, this is still a fantastic game. Maybe it felt a bit short - or should I say, things are running at a more leisurely pace - and I personally think that starting TBS2 with a fresh state rather than loading from TBS 1 maaaaaaaaay just help retain that despair level I so enjoyed in TBS, but still. It's a great game. I did not regret a second playing this game. Keep it up, Stoic Studio!"
76561198005356523,Recommended,281640,22634713,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Laserganz,Awesome! A sequel that fixes all the minor negativ things of the first grandios game and not only keeps pace with it but surpasses it in many ways.Only downside: The wait for Part 3... How I wish I could explore the Banner Saga lore in a novel while waitingBuy it! ASAP!Thanks to the devs for another masterpiece of game-art
76561198035755220,Recommended,281640,22878276,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Azrael,"Truly EPIC.A must buy, especially for those who enjoy TBS."
,Recommended,281640,22915585,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GAME IS A SHIT,"Buy the original first. If you like it, then you will like this just as much. Great music and art again, combat is the same (it's slightly different than your normal TRPG), story is good."
76561198136150333,Recommended,281640,22944894,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lyserus,"Epic. Just EpicIf you played tbs1 then you will see stoic is really doing their job, and improved a whole lotAnd the cliffhanger..... damn it, can't wait to see tbs3 release"
,Recommended,281640,22928224,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ThePirateLife,"honestly, what i enjoyed about the original banner saga is delivered in spades here in banner saga 2. i HIGHLY recommend a blind (don't look anything up) playthrough your first run, looking things up for more min-maxed runs the second or third time through. this game is a solid 9-10 for me. my only complaint or concern would be a better understanding of how my characters are going to develop, though, after 1 playthrough you pretty much know all of the abilities."
76561197998319968,Recommended,281640,22701338,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,RammingSpeed,"Great game, better then the first imo. If you enjoyed the previous installment pick this one up asap as it only improves on the formula."
76561198064431395,Recommended,281640,22788366,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Findonwing,"As soon as I finished playing TB 1 I mustered up enough money to pre-order this game.  It was very worth it.  The game play was not unlike the first game, and it's nice to be able to import your previous saves if you've played the first game.  The art work and the soundtrack are beautiful and really add to the whole experience.  I was a bit disappointed about how many cliffhangers this game left open but I guess that just leave room for a third and I'm looking forward to that.  Over all, this game is a lot like the first with a unique story that relies on your choices to keep you caravan alive.  If you like the first game, don't hesitate to buy this. 10/10."
,Recommended,281640,22785200,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,whitecastle,A fantastic sequel to an already impressive title.
,Recommended,281640,22788486,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,JC-624,"This ranks among the best stories I've seen in a game, and the very best implementation of a multi-game narrative. Art is original and stunning, and the combat is a fun challenge. Highly recommended."
76561198029704499,Recommended,281640,22785853,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,tora75,"The Oregon Trail meets Choose Your Own Adventure, meets a Viking Game of Thrones, meets one of the best turn based strategy games on the market...this is Banner Saga 2. Like a good book, this game was hard to quit. I was totally engrossed from start to end. It can be played as a standalone, but boy are you missing out by not picking up the first installment. The second game improves upon just about every aspect of the first without changing too much. The devs have struck a fine balance and churned out a sequel worthy of praise. Most decisions change the game, while some are scripted to keep the story moving. Most consequences of wrong decisions lead to poor clan morale which makes combat a tad more difficult. While the balance of those decisions affect which characters you will have in your party and which ones live, leave or die; which alters some parts of the story but are more impactful in the turn based combat/strategy portion of the game. The sound and music is top notch, the writing excellent, and visuals are fanastic. The voice acting is good in the small sections we get it in, but you'll be reading a ton in between battles. The writing is great, and most everything written has purpose...so it really is enjoyable. Check out videos before buying, but if you like what you see, I strongly suggest picking up the first game. If you don't you really will be missing out. I promise, you'll feel far more attached to the characters and their plight if you do. Thumbs way up for the Banner Saga 1 and 2!"
76561198008893862,Recommended,281640,22873407,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Old-Painless,"Big fan of both of the games. For me, it's all about the story - which is great. The game itself is fun - I don't get the criticism about the game mechanics - this is a story-driven game. I find that this game has high replayability too."
,Recommended,281640,22871260,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,VG Purist,"A difficult tactical game with the story being heavily influenced by the Game of Thrones TV series.This game has a pretty in depth story.  There are some choices that can be made where it may seem like a good idea now but later on could be a bad decision.Another unique and interesting mechanice is now you have to take care of a caravan of migrants containing both your soldiers and families.  If morale is high or low, it effects your tactical battles by giving you some positive or negative boosters to combat.  There are even decisions that you have to make during your travels that will effect this as well.The tactical gameplay is pretty tough at first.  However once you get used to the idea of how things work, you should be able to get through the battles without too much of an issue.The graphics are all hand-drawn images and look spectacular.Game can be finished around 15 hours and is the 2nd of a 3 part trilogy release."
,Recommended,281640,22856044,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Durandal42,"Banner Sage 2 has some great new changes like new abilities and enemies, but keeps the same feel of the original.Viking games and Norse Lore is always interesting and threating. The world is dying Ragnarok has passed try to survive."
,Recommended,281640,22846555,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,EllsworthSK,"To make this review short - if you liked Banner Saga 1, you will like this one as well. This is direct continuation of story, keeping the game mechanics unchanged. You get one more race, with slightly different combat element, but other than that its the same as original which picks off where original ended. As far as I am concerned, that is completely ok. I liked original, I liked its gameplay, I loved its story and lore and there is no reason to fix something that isnt broken.Just a warning - if you have not played original, do not play this one. This game expects that you already played the original and makes no excuses for itself if you hadnt. You will be lost in lore, story and everything."
,Recommended,281640,22854358,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cronson,"As someone who was obsessed with Valkyria Chronicles and both XCOM 1 and 2, I love this game and the orginal. I would say its one of my favorite games of the past 10 years.At first I was skeptical of the combat as it lacks verticality, taking cover, and all the different ways to attack or defend in XCOM. But they're very different games. To me The Banner Saga, and this sequel, are more like chess. It seems like the developers are telling you, ""use your special power at the right time. Plan ahead. Make them use more attacks, while you take less"".My only criticism is the dialog options. The series has always made me feel like I'm blindly chosing these. If I'm playing as Rook for instance, and I've been reading all his lines, and understand how he would respond, I should be rewarded when I pick the humble yet reluctant leader option. Instead, sometimes the best option/the one that doesn't get a character killed, is the out of left field one. Basically, the dialog makes me feel like I'm flipping a coin. It's like an old school point and click adventure, and that's not a compliment.When the birth of indie games happened a few years ago, and we got Braid, Castle Crashers and Bastion, we then witnessed this wave with everyone and their mother making an indie game hoping it would be the next big hit. This is one that should be. Buy this game."
,Recommended,281640,22755616,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,flyshowflx,"The Banner Saga 2 bears the same merits and flaws as its predecessor. All the new features, including new classes, talents, skills, and level dynamics, are very carefully thought and well crafted. However, the pacing in TBS 2 feels even more rushed comparing to the first installment, which compromises the fun of character development and limits the opportunity of experimenting different strategy combinations in combat. Anyway, it's a great tactical RPG with lots of choices (though not all of them are interesting). Love the game, hate the cliffhanger ending. Anyone who appreciates the original TBS should defintely play this one. Obligatory.PS: The game is impressively touch/pen friendly, I played it on a surface book mainly using touch screen and had a blast how intuitive the control felt."
76561198000759900,Recommended,281640,22754598,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BongFu,Beautiful Game. Awesome Gameplay. Nuff Said
,Recommended,281640,23091021,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sitout.AmnesiacGaming,Oregon Trail meets Final Fantsay Tactics.
,Recommended,281640,23382773,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,unexpected error,Würdiger Nachfolger des ersten Teils. Großartig.
,Recommended,281640,23374612,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,YougiDoggyBear,"This game is just awesome. Awesome story, musics and gameplay! A must have for every fan of Tactical-RPG."
,Recommended,281640,23385570,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Siegricho,"Tras dos años de espera podemos seguir bordando la historia de Rook/Alette en nuestros estandartes.En 2014 tres desarrolladores de BioWare comenzaron la aventura del desarrollo independiente bajo el estandarte de Stoic, teniendo como opera prima The Banner Saga. Un Tactical RPG que buscó reivindicar el uso de las palabras épico y saga en la industria. Después de dos años de ausencia y atrasos, el 19 de abril de 2016 fue lanzada la segunda parte de la trilogía: The Banner Saga 2.Checa la review completa enhttp://www.abyx.mx/2016/04/29/the-banner-saga-2/"
,Recommended,281640,23386883,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NPower,"Worth each and every cent, this game is AMAZING, just like the Banner saga one!Dont even need to say anything else, buy IT!"
,Recommended,281640,23173917,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DoctorrrR,"Deeply poetic at times, gritty and unforgiving at times, it's as rewarding and unique, as the first installment.Lots of dramatic choices (hell, the whole game can be played from a radically different perspective right from the beginning), lots of jawdropping moments with suspence and stress.Austin Wintory's music is touching as always. Your choices and unique character party from TBS1 can (but not obliged to) be carried on to this game as well -- and all those secondary characters do matter.At least twice I witnessed conversations between the two characters who could have died in TBS1 at certain points - which left me wondering, what those scene would be like, had I made different choices back then?....Also, this game is a symbol of deliverance on promises. :)Was a little worried if they'll keep the shift on actual story and not cheesy cinematics (as trailers boast much more of those than in the TBS-1) -- worried for nothing, they delivered the story and via more gameplay-oriented instruments due to better scripting logic.Was a little worried that new 'extensively scripted' battles would become unbalanced and linear -- worried for nothing, the battles are mostly balanced but in a more implicit and unpredictable ways (like, several waves of enemies or some characters joining-leaving battle in progress etc.)Was a little worried that scripted combat will leave normal 'fair and hardcore' combat unpolished -- worried for nothing, the training tent has kept its sparring mode (as before) + 2 more -- camp-related management mode and challenge mode -- all this actually intertwined with story as well!!"
76561198006735571,Recommended,281640,23294409,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Skotimus,I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story with fun turn based combat. Also as fair price for a game of this high quality.
,Recommended,281640,23359020,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Incapable Hans,"I really enjoyed this. I just had wrist surgery so I can't use my dominant hand for a couple of weeks, but TBS is possible to play with just one hand as it doesn't require too much input and nothing is time-sensitive. I played through TBS1 and just as I was about to finish, TBS2 was released so thought I'd give it a try... I've loved both games. The story is fantastic and engrossing and the combat is challenging and enjoyable.Specifically for TBS2 I would say that they made the combat a lot more interesting and varied. There are many more types of enemies as well as player characters, plus they have fleshed out the character system so you can spend your points from levelling up either on stats or on other benefits such as adding critical chance, or chance to avoid certain types of attacks which means that you can customise the characters more. I'm pretty sure the game is also longer than TBS1.Highly recommended. If you enjoyed TBS1 then you will enjoy this."
76561198011275102,Recommended,281640,23310924,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,wolfphilosopher,"Strong sequel to the original Banner Saga game. As a saga, the games follow the same characters as they struggle against an impending apocalypse. Decisions made in the first Banner Saga game have serious consequences for this game, and you can import your Banner Saga save to preserve continuity of the story. Decisions have grave consequences, but as with the first game, a dark fatalism drives some aspects of effects of your choices. This aspect of Banner Saga 2 makes for a very effective storytelling technique.The art is still exceptional and there is a much greater variety of locations (some very vibrant when compared to the winter wasteland of the first game) and character art.The general gameplay is the same. It's turn-based strategy, somewhat like a card game with a spatial element. Turn order goes friendly-enemy-friendly-enemy, which means the side with more players still alive isn't getting back to back turns (unless there is only one enemy alive, which initiates pillage mode). Hence there's more emphasis on weakening enemies rather than outright killing them. It's different enough to be interesting. Each character has special abilities that you can leverage to shape the battle or turn the tides. Combat is challenging (and therefore rewarding) but not difficult enough to be frustrating. You can change the difficulty up or down if you'd like.The story improves in BS2; you won't be disappointed. There is a point where you know roughly what's going on but your characters don't (though perhaps they should), but your choices don't seem to reflect that knowledge. A lot of the suspense is driven by the fact that the Menders (mages, more or less) simply never tell you what's going on. It makes sense in the story but isn't the most elegant device. These two gripes aside, the character development is good, dread permeates everything you do, and the general story arc deepens. There's a lot of character reflection on what you've done, and in some ways the game is a meditation on leadership during crisis. Life is cheap in BS, just because they're on your roster doesn't mean they're immortal.Strongly recommend BS2. Play BS first. Each game will take about 10-13 hours. For 20 bucks its sitting at a sweet spot length-wise. It's not a marathon game, which is something I appreciate as I've gotten older and have less time to burn."
76561197972230444,Recommended,281640,23339240,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Traeba,"Combat is complex and difficult, just as before. Your army is much more sizable, and your key characters are stronger than ever. New talents, which are unlocked upon maxing out a stat, provide nuance and chance rolls to an otherwise arithmetic combat calculation. Choices are difficult, carry weight, and both rewarding and punishing.It is a very worthy successor to BS1 and a long hard fought journey in its own right.Perhaps the best praise I can give it is that I fully intend to restart a new game in BS1 right after I finish this and then play through BS2 all over again just so I can apply what I've learned.That said, my suggestion to you: don't try to pick the ""best"" choice. Pick what you feel you would do if you were that character, and be consistent. It's really the most fun that way, and there are rewards either way."
76561198137259607,Recommended,281640,23331930,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Simon Petrikov,"The Banner Saga 2 takes the original, with its brilliant story, meaningful choices and consequences, deep and engaging characters, and entertaining gameplay, and improves it even further. The tactical combat no longer feels so out of place, and you realy feel like you get to delve much deeper into this fascinating fantasy world. Another thing that was great, was the ability to keep levelling your characters directly from their state as you ended Banner Saga 1. Seeing Egil turn into an insane tank with 20 armour was extremely rewarding. And man, I will never be able to complement the beautiful scenery and art style nearly enough.If you liked the first one, you will like this.Oh, and for me as a Norwegian, its kind of funny to hear them use Scandinavian swear words."
76561198119782293,Recommended,281640,23280131,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dude Bro Man Guy,March your clan away from certain death while making tough decisoions plus fun turn based combat
,Recommended,281640,23227231,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kloddant,"If you liked Banner Saga 1 but thought it was too short and unfinished, like I did, then this game is for you.  You won't be disappointed.  If you haven't played Banner Saga 1 yet, buy that first; don't play them out of order.  They are basically two parts to the same game."
,Recommended,281640,23191726,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DaCrux,"Beautifull, charming,hard, smart, epic, sad, strategic Game.The wonderfull succsessor to the great Masterpiece The Banner Saga."
,Recommended,281640,23194398,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Space Penguin,"Amazing game, Builds off every decision from the first one into independant stories."
,Recommended,281640,23245167,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,jarosh6612,"The Banner Saga 2 continues with a strong story with decisions that sometimes have immediate implications, or ones that you couldnt  have though of."
76561198071689614,Recommended,281640,23248915,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Mystic Exarch,"The only reason I keep playing this game is for the story. The story in these games is really epic, compelling, and contains well-thought out lore. They're going for a certain atmosphere and they do a killer job of bringing out that gritty, grim, relaistic viking saga feel.However, I keep on having to convince myself to keep playing because the gameplay is bad. There's just no other way to put it. The intent of this game not having to hit rolls is to make combat soley tactical. I like this idea, however the gameplay mechanics invalidate a lot of the strategy. Because of the way all the stats work, the most effective strategy is to build a super team of all warrior-types, preferably varl (no bards, spellcasters, etc). Have them spec high might, willpower, exertion. Maximize willpower every turn to do as much health damage as possible so that you can one-shot one enemy per turn. I found that playing without this stategy and actually using the armor breaking mechanic or special abilities was a sure way to die. But, using it, I feel like I have a hollow victory because I exploited a flaw and ignored almost every gameplay element. Frankly, it gets old fast. I actually like a tactical experience but this game does not encourage that playstyle. I end up just attacking health with max willpower every turn because it's what works.Moving on, this game also suffers from a lot of glitches. Some skill point assigments don't permanently set, so you just cannot choose those skills. Some abilities don't even trigger properly in combat. This invalidates a lot of builds and playstyles because you're limited to what works.Alot of this game is also in RNG: what random encounters you get, where enemies spawn, where one character's runes pop up, etc. The worst instance of it was a boss battle, wherein the fight's difficulty is largely dependant on the RNG of the boss's spawn point. She either spawns right in the middle of your party where you can whack her to death in one turn, or off in some obscure corner where she can't be attacked while she endlessly ressurects the bad guys. RNG like this can make the game extremely hard or easy. From a story perspective, this fits because the game world is gritty and realistic. On the other hand, it just isn't fun to actually play. As a video game, it needs to make some sacrifices of the story to promote fun and engaging gameplay. That's just how this works.Finally, I have a major issue with the descriptions of various character powers. A lot of them are so poorly worded as to be unclear what they actually do.Overall, the main point I'm trying to get across is that the developers sacrificed a ton of gameplay budget to create an astonishly beautiful story and world, not just in it's coolness, but also in literally how it looks (art assests). I wish they had spent a little more time tweaking the game mechanics so they actually work and are more fun. Either that, or the devs should just write novels. (Which I would read!)As it is, I'm posting this because I don't know if I will finish or not. So far, it's a tentative thumbs up because I'm a reader so I don't mind the game being a glorified e-book."
,Recommended,281640,23192786,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,raf!,"The Banner Saga 2 is a must-have sequel to the first game - if you enjoyed it, you're going to love this one. Same wonderful art, same wonderful soundtrack composed by Austin Wintory and a plot that will have you at the edge of your seat, cheering for the characters and making hard decisions.Gameplay is super solid and engaging - a turn-based combat where you have to control multiple units, their position in the battlefield being a crucial element to decide whether you win or lose. Each character has a story, and their skills can be honed and improved until they become legendary and make a huge difference in every combat. Still, the game will make you shiver at the sight of some enemies, and some fights have additional mechanics that add a lot of variety.Downsides? I can point out two minor flaws. First, the saving system is a bit confusing, and sometimes it had me reading dialogues quickly because I HAD to get to the next camp where my game would be saved - you just can't pause it in some crucial moments. Second, I experienced some performance issues with the game - and my PC is pretty powerful, I've been playing games like The Division and Witcher 3 and they run just fine. (I want to read this review some yeears from now just to see that this was our benchmark back in the day!)Those minor flaws didn't impact my experience, though. Banner Saga is already one of my favorite videogame franchises ever, the developers deserve all the praise they can get. If you're new to the saga, get the first game too and enjoy hours and hours of exciting fantasy viking adventures in a magical world."
76561198031794528,Recommended,281640,23429373,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Theholyevil,"The first banner saga, I gave a negitive review. Strange thing to open up with but I felt the strategy elements of the first were similar to whack a mole with a story line that left you hanging after halo 2. (yes... you know the feeling....)Banner saga returns with a 2 and I have to say, this feels like they fixed a lot of the concerns with the original. The combat is not perfect, but at least there are more elements to consider beyond strength and armor. New characters that flow with the new combat too.Choices are more difficult, though you will never feel you've made the right one; you will stumble arcross a right answer because that felt like the right thing to do at the time.I will be giving this one a recommend. Story is fresh, animation is riviting, and combat can be stale with one or two things showing up to keep you on your toes."
76561198063854331,Recommended,281640,23190484,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Fireclaymore,"Compared to the first game, The Banner Saga 2 loses a certain amount of Oregon Trail-ish feeling that came along with random events that always gave some kind of negative no matter your choice, but that also means that the game feels less unfair. Discounting hard difficulty(since I have not completed it yet) maintaining a good amount of supplies and always keeping your caravan in high(green) spirits at the same time is much less difficult, the cost of items generally feel reduced so that you can use your Reknown more freely for buying or leveling. Aside from a few randoms, most items now include a statistic that either emphasizes or helps focus down on new ""talents,"" percent chances for combat related evensts to occur, that heroes can level up once a primary stat has been fully leveled-- instead of the raw statistical upgrading items from the first game.Combat flow feels a bit less static now in terms of the old strategy of wittle down armor and health then kill everything at the end. I can't point my finger at specifically what causes it, but there are times where killing priority targets now lets you have an easier time in a fight. Due to many party members having been leveled often fairly high from the previous game, easier usage of your Reknown, and higher will from an easily maintained morale, battles will usually feel less grueling(except for one, will based fight). A newly introduced race enters your team along with new abilties that allow for different interactionsin a battle, so new strategies can be made as well as some staples from the past game.I liked it, don't really have much else to say. It's supposed to be the 2nd game of 3, so like Halo 2 its ending can feel lacking, leaving you wanting more. They put in some new stuff to help things feel a bit fresh, and overall they made the game more approachable though less challenging. If you liked just playing the first game I'd say it's great. Whatever the case I'm wanting to see the end of this journey, so lets help support this dev team along."
76561198090451489,Recommended,281640,23525069,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Chicken,Awesome game!
,Recommended,281640,23574824,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Arehandoro,"First game I ever buy a pre-release. After playing the former iteration couldn't have done it otherwise.Now, once finished, I can only say it's more of the same, but better. More classes, more decisions, which most of them will lead to asomething you won't like, an outstanding original soundtrack and astonishing 2D art.I'm normally not fond of strategic games, or tactic RPG for the matter, but Stoic has captivated my full attention with their Banner Saga. And that, nowadays, it's something very difficult to accomplish."
,Recommended,281640,23558961,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Shimeon,"A worthy successor to the first episode.The Banner Saga series is a simple, but great, strategy RPG with a mysterious Norse-inspired story in which your choices have repercussions.The gameplay is easy to learn and makes this series a good entry for those looking for a first SRPG experience. For those more experienced with those kind of games, I suggest starting on the hardest difficulty.The story and visuals are what sold me on the series (and this one is even better than the first). I can't wait for the next episode of the Saga to see how the story gets to a conclusion.Worth every cent and more!"
76561197969743696,Recommended,281640,23386055,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TVsBrent,"While I enjoyed the first Banner Saga, you can see they have really improved their craft with this second one. The combat is more interesting and varied, while the story is just as compelling as the first one."
76561198152754535,Recommended,281640,22546204,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Papa Riku,"I bought and replayed the first part twice, just 2 days before this came out  cause I wanted to know the hype around it and for those rare times that this happens, the Hype was very real. This game series or franchise with it's own unique lore captivated me in such a way that only 'The Song of Ice and Fire' has been able to do until now. I would recommend play the first Banner Saga since it just makes you more invested in the characters, their histories and the lore.Now what bad can I say about this second part? Nothing really comes to mind. The gameplay was more polished and more intense. More new characters giving the player more ways to experiment in the playground. The choices also seemed much more smooth but as impactful as the first one.The Plot in this however trumps the first one by miles. It was so tight, informative and such a delight to be able to play a game with such intense and lore filled story that makes me so angry that I have to wait for like a year before the last part of the trilogy comes out, sad that this game will end soon and excited that I can see what will finally come to pass.Rook, Iver, Bolverk, Attlete, Hakon, Gunnulf, Sigbjorn & Tryggvi are like my new favorite characters I look forward to about knowing how their life ends up after all this.All in all, I am excited for the next installment in this series and hope this turns into a show like 'Game of Thrones' or an epic movie franchise like 'Lord of the Rings'. 10/10 is my rating."
76561198099533540,Recommended,281640,22561668,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Arista01,Great game.
76561198004984117,Recommended,281640,22558556,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Atlas2009,If you liked the first one you will like this one
76561198137882339,Recommended,281640,22558781,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kirk,Great artwork and story play. The combat is one of the best turn based strategy games I have played! And the fact that this was put out by such a small group of developers is crazy. Would def recommend.
76561198014985107,Recommended,281640,22558828,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RUMPLEFORESKIN,"Improves on the first game in every way, just still so damn short."
,Recommended,281640,22559584,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Doc,"The Banner Saga 2 is a great sequel! It improves on the first game in almost every way. More voice acting and cutscenes, more combat classes and abilities, more characters, and much more dynamic encounters. Basically if you loved the first game but thought it was a bit shallow, this game will make you VERY happy.That being said, I would reccomend you play the first game before this one. While this one is technically superior, you will not fully appreciate a lot of the characters and parts of the story unless you play the first game. This game is a sequel in the truest sense: It literally picks up right where the last game ended without missing a beat. I played through the first game shortly before this one and with the save game import, I sometimes forget I am playing a new game."
76561198080781507,Recommended,281640,22559608,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mr. Blonde,"There are many things I loved about The Banner Saga that continue with this game, similarly, while some things I didn’t enjoy have been changed, others remain. Renown being the one I speak about, though clansmen can forage, that which they obtain and the rate at which they do is almost negligible. I enjoy the additional objectives in some missions, but it seemed that pursuing them didn’t reward you as much as just killing all the other enemies. The story is pretty good, hopefully in the next one there will be more interactions between the characters and more meaningful talents."
76561198061461632,Recommended,281640,22559792,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,IDGAF,Would recommend
,Recommended,281640,22562438,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Who's the Mann?,"I can't recommend this game enough.  This game expands on all that was great about the first game (the setting, the story, the nuanced characters), and improves upon that which was mediocre.If you liked the last game, there is absolutely no reason not to get its sequel.  If you found that combat in the first game was monotonous, that is greatly improved in this game, with much more abilities, stats, and enemies."
76561198202992216,Recommended,281640,22559970,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RiverTree,"Wow, Ok I have just finished The Banner Saga 2 and wow what a journey! Do you need to have played the first one? Yes I do believe so, you will seriously miss out on lore and back story for the characters if you don’t! Not to mention your choices from the first game are carried over.This game has made some great improvements most notably for myself is the foraging system. In the first game you had to buy supplies with renown which was also required to level up, you had to balance on the fine line of ‘keeping your people alive?’ or ‘levelling up to win battles’ Now while you do still need to buy supplies your clansmen now go out and forage while on the path which is a massive help. There are also new a new species, new enemies and hazards in the battlefields now which makes the battles more interesting.The story continues on from the last game and more is revealed and hinted at as to why the world is breaking. But the game is left on a massive cliff-hanger so gosh darn it I can’t wait for the third game! Please don’t let it be in two years…The music is again beautiful and atmospheric, I made sure to purchase the special edition so I own the OST. The art is again just magnificent and makes me desperately want an official art book. HINT HINT stoic!This game is worth the asking price, I have no regrets. Though it did feel a little shorter than the first one, however I’m not entirely sure if it is because this one is shorter or rather the final boss in the previous one took many many many retries….Once again the developers have released a brilliant game and have made me a devoted fan for life!Thanks for a great experience, can’t wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,281640,22560053,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,GoForTheEyes,"Really good, much better than the first (which was already quite good), the characters are more well defined and the plot is thicker."
76561197965121923,Recommended,281640,22560062,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,pagan,"Just posting a postive to bump the ratings, just played the into and I already know it will be as good as the first which was VERY VERY good.Looking forward to the next chapter!"
76561197980883026,Recommended,281640,22560603,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Miehm,"Not as good as the first entry in the series, but still better than most other stuff.  If you enjoyed the Banner Saga, you'll probably enjoy this."
76561198147536979,Recommended,281640,22551964,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,rockymtn,Better combat mechanics and the same incredible visuals and storytelling make this a fantastic followup to the original.  Stoic has done it again.
,Recommended,281640,22566804,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[VB] SteemPunkGears,"Banner Saga 2 was a much awaited game, and was well worth the wait. I enjoyed BS1 and played it several times to see how the story would change with each play through. BS2 had the same story elements and WAY more suspense in situations that called for it. The story telling was a hundred fold better and with more vocals and visuals to aid in the overall story.I recommend this game if* you like a good story* willing to live with the decisions you make in a game* Enjoy laid back games where much thought isnt really required."
76561197991474872,Recommended,281640,22556920,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,sooor,awesome
76561198081883490,Recommended,281640,22557634,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,pedro.creation,"If you played the first one,you should definitly pick this one out!Some tweeks to combat,more diverse enemies,changes to stats aswellThe story is insanely good,more of the moral grey encountered before,awesome in generalPros - more of the same lush dream like art,its like its a disney movie of the 80´s had a child with game of thrones on viking steroids,great story,some very good character moments,almost all choices and stats carry from the first save fileCons - felt smaller than the first,leaves in a horrible cliffhanger that leaves us with more questions than answers,the horseborn factor little in the narrative"
76561198044607707,Recommended,281640,22556572,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,TheGeneral,"Pick this game up if you:-Want an original, captivating story-Enjoy turn based strategy-Want to make choices that actually matter and affect the story-Care for an autosave feature that makes you live with your decisions."
76561198070016801,Recommended,281640,22554477,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Grey cold Wind,"Better overall than the first one but the ending made it feel too much of a story in between the beginning ant the end. However, this will become an amazing saga when the whole trilogy is finished."
76561198212344012,Recommended,281640,22626988,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FruitLoops,The first Banner Saga was my favorite game of all time now this Banner Saga is my favorite they are both great games and should be played by everyone.
,Recommended,281640,22627366,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,cuchipino,"The saga continues!amazing artwork, gameplay and epic story , must play if you like SRPG"
,Recommended,281640,22625702,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kush God XXL 69,"A surprising improvement to the already fantastic first installment. Highly recommend to anyone that has played the first game. If you have not played the first game, I would urge you to play that first and then play TBS2."
,Recommended,281640,22813197,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Trigger Spark,"As an avid fan of the first entry of this series, I can affirm that The Banner Saga 2 rises up and surpasses its predecessor in almost every way. It is a top-down tactics RPG that relies heavily on its presentation of its story. Visuals resemble that of an old Disney cartoon like The Hunchback of Notre Dame, but the developers have made sure that their vision is what makes the visual pop.This game's story starts right after the end of the first game, where a key decision was made, and a dire consequence occurred as the result. Depending on your actions of the first game, your starting character/leader will be different, so it is even more in your favor to start with the first game. Your actions are really felt in this game unlike series such as Mass Effect or The Walking Dead. Characters you have saved will highly benefit you and characters that died will have their lack of presence weigh on you as well. This encourages replayability of the entire saga.The game features two distinct main characters, one of them featured as an antagonistic brute of a mercenary whose story actually makes him the *main character* of this game. His side of the events is perfect for what the game's tone sets out to present and he is in fact a very fun character to get to know. His brutish, arrogant, ruthless, selfish, and sometimes grudgingly virtuous ways makes him pop as an individualistic character rather than one whose personality depends on your actions. That's not to say that your actions with him won't matter, but his character is already unique on his own. This makes him even more fun to play as.What's interesting about this entry is the gameplay and visuals. None of these visuals have been overhauled or changed with a new engine or something. Instead, there are elements added to it to increase the complexity of the series. The style of the visuals are the same but with new backdrops and characters to see which presents a feel that I do not see with the other games. It presents the feel that this is indeed a saga with its stories continuing, but with its overall arc and tone still present. The additions and changes made to this game makes you feel that you are indeed experiencing a trilogy like The Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit. The stories and style continue with different scenarios popping up. Therefore, you can't really say that the second or third game is better than the rest like you would with other game series such as (Mass Effect 2 vs 1 vs 3). Instead, they continue the story that you already love up to its conclusion. And man is it a story to be told. Everything just feels right with this game ESPECIALLY the soundtrack of this game, whose quality surpasses that of the first game with added depth and that extra bass to make you feel that you earned that damn victory message after every fight.Gameplay: 9/10The new characters present new strategies for you to overcome your foes and the brutal difficulty makes sure you feel that weight of your actions. Decision making returns to make your grasp at your chin as you think about the consequences.Narrative: 9/10The story is a huge standout for this game and is very entertaining. Your actions have real consequences and they will appear at the most unexpected times. The tone is dark, depressing, yet it also feels fun to endure with specks of humor.Graphics: 9.5/10Amazing art design and visuals in the battlefield and conversations, though I do I wish there were more character expressions, the ones present are great however.Sound: 10/10This original soundtrack is a masterpiece. The music gets it right in all areas and feels especially awesome during combat.Originality: 10/10You won't find many games like this one. The story, the characters, and the soundtrack is something I have never seen in any other game.Final Score: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,281640,22804979,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Sir Cucumber,Some meaningful improvements over the first. I can't wait for the final part!
76561198036097206,Recommended,281640,22805188,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,red_mutagen,"A strong sequel that improves in every way on the first. A beautiful, captivating journey from beginning to end with charistmatic characters, a breathtaking score and thoughtful combat. BS2 is a unique gem."
76561198007696052,Recommended,281640,22819656,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ucross,"I don't normally write reviews but I was pleasently surprised by this game.  I played banner saga 1 and liked it.   This one I just enjoyed more.   The plot was better, the characters were better, the narrative was better.Highly recommended.  I turned out to be one of my favourite games of the year."
,Recommended,281640,22538869,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,StillSuit,Easily best RPG/Indie/Strategium/Visual Novel/Starving Simulator of 2016.10 Ragnaröks of 10
76561198043038197,Recommended,281640,22605750,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Bob Bunk,"The Banner Saga 2is a direct sequel to its predecessor. The turn based tactics return with a slew of new units and abilities. Riding on some of the choices you made in the previous game,The Banner Saga 2seeks to continue the epic story, pushing itself to answer old questions and open up new ones. Like the first game, it focuses on managing a caravan full of hungry people and avoiding the onrushing waves of dredge and vagabonds.+It's a flawed, but enjoyable story.I appreciated the first game's knack for great character interaction. It gave you good reason to care for your fellow clansmen; it made me want to keep them alive not just for their combat prowess, but for their company.The Banner Saga 2mostly delivers on that as well. Many characters from the previous game return, and its interesting to see how they act now that they've been around each other for so long. Unfortunately, the writing feels a bit off in this one. I've encountered several passages of speech that didn't feel like they fit the character. In fact, one of the possible main characters (I won't say who, for the sake of spoilers), just does not fit naturally in their position. The story's attempts to make her seem like a confident leader just never felt right to me. Not to say that she couldn't fit that role, but their choice of tone felt conflicted and wrong. That said, it's a fun experience. There are plenty of encounters and situation that are much better than they were in the first game. The overall story and interactions, however, feel weaker due to incorrect tone and a heaping mound of unanswered questions.+Beautiful environments and animation.Many of the assets from the first game are brought over, mostly for conversation and battle scenes. I had no qualms with this, as there are enough new characters and units to make it feel like a fresh experience. Environments, as usual, are incredible to look at. There is a lot more chaos in the world this time around, and the art does well to reflect on that. Battle-grids are very well made, with lots of additional details thrown in. On the sidelines you'll see enemies rallying each other, homes burning, and other additions that make the battlefield feel alive. There are also more animated cutscenes this time around. All of them are fantastic in execution, though short. It really makes me crave for an animated series. Like the first game,The Banner Saga 2stands as one of the best looking games around. It improves on the predecessor with more attention to detail, and several new unit types to witness.+Clan management.Oregon Trailstyle management is a big part ofThe Banner Sagaseries. The first game, however, didn't give you many reasons to keep your clansmen alive. There wasn't a real punishment for doing so, other than a slight debuff in fights. It feels much more urgent to keep them alive in the sequel. There are various fights and scenarios where it's necessary to have a good amount of fighters and clansmen to reap the benefits. That, and they made it much easier to keep everyone alive. Now, instead of doing nothing, clansmen will forage for food and keep the caravan afloat. It sparks an interesting dynamic between having clansmen or fighters. Do you want to survive for much longer, or do you want more combat scenario prowess? It makes it worth playing through again to see how your numbers affect your choices. The management system is still quite shallow, but it's an improvement from the first.+Choices are plentiful.This game that's you take charge much more often. There are more encounters in this game, allowing for many outcomes that may be worth replaying. Many choices can be made, and it's enjoyable to see how your company reacts to them. Sometimes it backfires, but it's all in good fun with the style of the game. My only gripe is that there aren't many punishments this time around (at least not in my playthrough). In the first game I had several people die from my choices, but I can't recall any in the sequel. It's much easier to prevent this time around, and I feel that takes away a bit of the fun in it.-Characters aren't as developed.As I said, concerning the plot, there isn't a whole lot of development this time. Even though one of the possible protragonists has never led a caravan before, I never felt the impact of that. Growth seemed nearly instant, as the protagonist makes a whole slew of difficult choices without lingering much on their outcomes. The way the characters scarcely interact makes the plot fly by rather quickly. Everything feels like a rush to get something done, rather than a natural process. Given the situation, this feeling is accurate to what's going on in the story, but it shouldn't be something that hampers the experience. I didn't feel as attached to my group this time around.-The ending.The story feels out of steam already, and the anticlimactic ending did not help it out. I didn't like the ending battle of the first game, but the second game sinks even lower. After finishing it in about one minute, it made me appreciate my struggle with the Bellower in the first one. The final battle didn't feel like an accomplishment for me. All I did was click on the enemy until it fell over. I didn't have to worry about positioning or any other units. It was far too simple for what should be an emotional fight. That, and the plot suddenly ends in a cliffhanger that doesn't make much sense. Due to the lack of answered questions, it left me feeling more frustrated than excited for the third game.VERDICTIf you liked the first game, you may likeThe Banner Saga 2.If you're new to the series, don't even try playing it. Play the first, then decide if you liked it enough to continue. It's a gorgeous game with a great combat system that's been vastly improved since the first. The story itself isn't terrible, but there are certain points that are definitely weak (especially the ending) enough to hurt the experience. I found it far easier than the first game, so I'd advise playing on a higher difficulty than normal.Give it a shot.I don't think it's as good as the first in terms of story and character development, but the gameplay has certainly improved.The Banner Saga 2has a lot of issues, but it's worth playing for fans of the series."
,Recommended,281640,22605032,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ifdattic,"Except for a few annoying bugs (like rank reseting to 1 or not being able to finish training challenge; non-game breaking, but still sucks and makes it harder) and crappy music at some points (some just really annoying as the battle is long some sound like your speakers are broken) it's still a great game with good story and nice visuals. If you like turn-based strategy games can recommend it."
76561198061532800,Recommended,281640,22605757,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tanimoral,"Ever pick up a game and from the start its like talking to an old friend, and by the time your done talking, you look out side, its daylight, your work starts in an hour, and your world feels just a little emptier having left to go to your drab and gray life?This game is fantasy story telling at its greatest, every decision has you asking yourself ""how will my people surfer for my decision?"" ""how will bear thew weight of the collapsing world around me?"" the betrayals are harsh, and the revenge is so much sweeter for it.The game play plays much the same as before, just with so much more. you could almost see the first game as a framework  for a much grater experience in the second game.the ending was a little... disappointing. but then again so was halo 2 in the same respect. an that kinda how this felt, its defiantly the third act in a three part story though, so they leave you hungry for the next installment."
76561198032322474,Recommended,281640,22581509,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,apsaps,"Once again very immersive story and brilliant artwork, a worthy second part, I loved it.One thing though part 2 is much easier then part 1. You get renown with training and your people scavenge for food, the result is not needing to buy food with renown anymore, plus some wins get you loads of renown, so you have a lots to spent on your heroes. This results in them overpowering whatever foe comes their way. I played it normal difficulty since in part 1 starvation always got me some where allong the way but part 2 really needs to be played on a harder level for players who like a bit of a challange."
76561198077255446,Recommended,281640,22583150,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Shrimp A,Great game!  Continues the saga at a faster pace.  Sets up a third and final chapter to the saga.
76561198052290331,Recommended,281640,22597185,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,naa.hook8,Loved the first game and now loving every minute of the second. It's like having your favourite fantasy novel come to life!
,Recommended,281640,22591645,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The Goat Who Waited,Pretty awesome so far. Vikings! Goats! Giants! FFT style strategy game! I'm loving it.
76561198065593996,Recommended,281640,22595074,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Case,"It starts slowly, but after finishing it I can tell you for sure - it is a worthy continuation and it'd be a mistake not to play this game. Highly recommended! When I have more time, I will edit the message to supply you with details. Despite its flaws it is a game worth both your money and time."
,Recommended,281640,22593111,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Boris Isaac Taylor,"I 100 per cent recommend this game to anyone who has played the first part, and to all those who haven't: get involved in the Banner Saga asap. While the first game became a little repetitive towards the end concerning battles and I kept playing it mostly for the story (which also ended a bit too abruptly for me), part 2 had me at the edge of my seat all the way through.The plot is realy going crazy now and the battles with all the new classes and mechanics make this game considerably more challenging than the first. So needless to say, I used all my spare time and couldn't stop playing until I had rushed through it in a mere two days. This is my only real criticism of the game: it *seems* a bit shorter than the first one, but this might also come from being used to the basic game mechanics due to playing the first part over and over.Nevertheless, I can easily say this game contains some of the greatest content you can get for 20 bucks and I really can't wait until the next installment comes out."
76561197996860428,Recommended,281640,22595371,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Crenickator,"I absolutely love the art, the worldbuilding, the storytelling, and everything else related to the look and lore of this game. For the life of me I can't actually figure out how to play it, or what strategy there is in every enemy you meet being able to two shot you out the gate while even your most powerful warriors can do 1 out of 18 damage just to the armor."
76561198095698807,Recommended,281640,22592364,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Buttersgra,"Buy it. If you haven't played the first one, buy that one. Then buy this one. Just do it."
,Recommended,281640,22565045,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Eightbits,awesome story
,Recommended,281640,22578045,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mediocre Mushroom,"Not as good as the first game, however it is still excellent overall.The story branches a bit more, and yet leaves you wanting more as it seems to be much shorter/lacking than the original. This game should have been atleast twice the length (I got maybe 10 hours at best) given the $20 price, and the expectations set by the first (I got about 20-25 on the first). In terms of story, impressive and intriguing, although not expanded enough on for this to be considered a full/single ""game""Gameplay has nothing signifigant or new. The horseborn race is at best a new class to work with, and at worst irrelivant depending on your playstyle. This being said, anybody who enjoyed the first game will enjoy the maps on this game. There were some new battlefield objectives besides ""kill everyone"", which was nice. Classes saw more abilities and more dynamic use of skills.Decisions in this game felt much less important overall, and really didn't matter. In a blind playthrough, I lost no units to storyline (in the first game, I lost many as a result of poor decisions). The forage ability of clansman also made managing supplies more or less irrelivant.My biggest let down of this game was the lack of intimidation I felt from the dredge. The first game made me feel threatened by the mass of black, unknown creatures more than any other game or enemy (think a zombie game but more intense). The constant threat and scariness just wasn't there.Overall, it takes on the first game and builds on some aspects, but overall I wouldn't call this ""Banner Saga 2"" so much as ""Banner Saga 1.5"". It left me wanting more especially in terms of story, but has a lot of potential to buildup to an epic ending in Banner Saga 3, if tied togother properly.(if you really enjoyed the first game, this is a good buy. If you we're 50/50 on the first game, watching a youtube series much just be better)"
76561198030029219,Recommended,281640,22578075,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,nathan0101,Literally the only drawback of this game is that I completed it in 11 hours. I'm already looking forward to part 3!!
76561197994276935,Recommended,281640,22578469,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,JBeast,"I’m not a hardcore gamer so I almost never buy games just when they’re released. The Banner Saga however was an exception for me. I remember years ago when I still carried my Gameboy Advance SP around with me and one of my favourite games was Final Fantasy Tactics. I loved the fantasy genre and I loved RPGs so it was no surprise that I loved the game. Over the years, I’d been searching for a game that could live up to the standard of Final Fantasy Tactics. And one fine day when I decided to google, I came across the Banner Saga. I was hooked and played hours on end until I completed the game. Despite the flaws that many reviewers pointed out (and which I agree with), I completely overlooked them and thoroughly enjoyed the game. While the game’s strength was in its story, the combat (and levelling) was still good enough for me. The story ended on a rather tragic note but it was well-written nonetheless; someone must sacrifice themselves to save many others.I’d been waiting so long for the sequel that the moment it was released for pre-order, I snapped it up. Not because of the price though(what kind of offer is $2 off anyway?). And I finished it within2 days (14 hours). While there were many new features, I couldn’t help but feel that the developers were really just taking the first game and slotting in bits and pieces here and there. It felt like taking Banner Saga and aside from the continuation of the story, you were just getting some extra DLC. I didn’t get the first game at full price so I didn’t feel the pinch but now I’m hesitant to get Banner Saga 3 at full price when it comes out. Below is a breakdown of my experience:Overall experience: 7.5/10Caravan management: 3/10You spent probably 50% of your time watching your caravan travel from one point to the other. I guess the devs felt they should make use of this time to engage the player. Besides occasionally feeding your caravan (btw I spent close to nothing buying supplies), you could train your clansmen to become fighters. I didn’t really see the point of doing that and only did it once or twice throughout the whole game. I only remember a couple of moments where the number of fighters came into play and never once did I think: “Damn I should have trained more of them earlier!” More fighters simply means higher consumption of supplies and fewer people to forage (which is a neat feature). In other words, the devs kinda failed at making caravan management a crucial part of the game.Training (in camp): 5/10This was a nice addition to the game. Instead of figuring stuff out through countless battles, you could learn new strategies based on objectives given in this. I thought there was more potential for this part though. I found myself just completing the objectives for the sake of renown. And I got stuck during the training on Bolverk’s side… what makes it worse is that there are no freaking hints so I just gave up.Combat: 7/10Perhaps the most important part of the game since this is where you actually do stuff.Barricades: kinda lame and I didn’t see any point in wasting supplies for it. I only encountered them twice (first and one of the last battles).New enemies entering the battlefield: interesting at first but got annoying later. At least I can get more kills to level up and extra renown.New heroes: definitely a crucial addition to the game that I enjoyed. While my first playthrough used many of the old heroes that I’m familiar with, I am definitely going to try out different strategies during my second playthrough. Bolverk is insane though; it was really fun going on a killing spree using him.Second skill and traits: good addition to the game. Gives you more reason to level up certain characters as well as make them more versatile.Improvements that could be made: I’m quite surprised the devs haven’t figured some of the improvements to make. E.g Flanking damage bonus + direction facing, more terrain types (slowing/damaging/block range attacks/damage or range bonus from higher ground/traps such as minefields)Story: 8/10Some really tough decisions to make throughout the game which is a good thing. Story is still pretty much linear but that’s not all bad because I enjoyed the story. So many unexpected twists where the good guys turn out toPOSSIBLY(?!)[\i] be the bad guys.What keeps me from giving a 10 though is the ending of the story. Unlike the first game, the story ended off on a cliff-hanger; it was like suspense for the sake of getting people to buy the next game and I just felt socheatedbecause there was no conclusion after so many hours. I thought a certain reptile died way too quickly and it was sad to not be able to fight it. The final battle was way too easy and disappointing too. That said, I will still play the last game for the story (to get closure you know). Hoping the devs will make the game even better."
76561198049851318,Recommended,281640,22574809,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Listen in Silence,"Truly excellent game in a small package. The story is compelling, the artwork and soundtrack is very well done and the game mechanics are enough of an improvement over the first game to keep you interested for more than one run of the storyline."
76561198130535095,Recommended,281640,22579417,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Xanflins,"Even better than Banner Saga 1. Amazing story, very enticing new units that turn around previous battle dynamics, and a well managed end of this instalment. I just missed a bit more barricades in the battles. Which is really a very minor point. I just hope Banner Saga 3 is soon released."
76561198086355775,Recommended,281640,22579528,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Donutwizard,"If you enjoyed the first game at all, you'll love The Banner Saga 2. Everything the first game did, the sequel perfects. This is probably the best storytelling I've seen in gaming. You'll be completely invested in the world and you'll care about each of the well devolped characters. Bolverk is a fantastic character and his Ravens sometimes overshadow the main group. The gameplay is also improved with a lot more enemy variety and the new race, the Horseborn. It's challenging like the first game, but more balanced. This game is the perfect sequel and will not disappoint fans of the original."
76561198317453985,Recommended,281640,24757310,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ogwendrake,"While I could find little to fault in the first Banner Saga, there are a few great new features in 2:New enemies types and a survival mode invigorate combat. In order to follow all the branching paths I played through the first one many times and by my fourth run combat was a daze of clicks  between travel.With survival mode’s high stakes and the campaign’s new monsters, hero abilities and characters every choice felt decisive.The story mode on the other hand was much easier that in the first. Even on my later runs in BS 1 my caravan came dangerously close to starvation and despair. The new forage and training mechanics gave me more freedom to roleplay without worrying about the impact my decision would have on supplies.The Banner Saga 2 is a great continuation to the plot of the first game with some answers to the questions of the first teased and many more questions blatantly throwing themselves at the player."
,Recommended,281640,22629838,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,jamesdommett,"Found it hard to decide but end up leaning towards positive.The story is still quite good.There have been some great improvements, like the training feature being added to, being able to further improve stats with a choice of directions and a choice of abilities, and more. Also some interesting new characters.A lot of the stuff about the first one that I liked are still there - such as a really surprisingly enjoyable combat system.HOWEVER:The story felt very hollow compared to the first one. In the first game I found myself very deeply invested in a lot of the characters and their motivations, but in this one it felt like the devs hadn't really bothered to tell the stories of the characters further, it just felt very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in that respect. Also, a lot of the heroes just felt so pointless. There's too many of them, some of them never say anything and you end up never using most of them for fights because you don't level them up. Although the story did split in two directions, I felt like it could have done with having more storylines to allow a longer game with more diversity, and paying more attention to more heroes.Also, a lot of the time, especially towards the end, I was very confused, and the final battle and actual end was so unsatisfying, confusing, and left too much up in the air. If the devs delay release of the next one as long as they did this one, I'll have the same problem as I did this time of being totally unable to remember 80% of what happened, and being even more confused!And also, having fighters in the caravan felt pointless as there were no big battles like in the first one.OVERALLDespite all my complaining, it is still a great game, and the issues, particularly with the story, only come because I'm comparing them to an amazing first game and its really captivating story. So, although slightly disappointing after the original, I still had a lot of fun playing this game and will definitely stick with the series."
,Recommended,281640,22649356,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sir Jamsession,True to form return with improvements.Also the company is awesome and they deserve your support.Thanks guys!
76561197977753122,Recommended,281640,22664415,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,✪ Squirtacus,"Exactly what i wanted, same as the first game but with added stuff!"
,Recommended,281640,22665424,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,erickpasta,"Absolutely fantastic.A soild improvement over the previous game, why aren't you playing this series already?"
76561198035915202,Recommended,281640,22634994,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Blackjack010,"A worthy successor to the first Banner saga and its direct sequel.Really nice story telling, gorgeous art, well rounded combat system,but for maximum enjoyment play the first game ahead of it and import your savegame."
76561198056665342,Recommended,281640,22616159,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Batter,"its real freakin good, just beat it, I cannot wait for the 3rd banner saga now."
,Recommended,281640,22633588,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Leonardo da Vinci Official,"A sequel that masterfully and beautifully improves upon its predecessor. It's almost insane how immersive of an experience this game is.If you liked the first Banner Saga, do yourself a favor and buy this right now."
,Recommended,281640,22638434,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,GuyWalker,A perfect followup of the first episode which improves on small things but keep the same narrative-heavy genre and atmospheric music.
76561198050223508,Recommended,281640,22570434,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Throndhindel,It's even nicer than the first one! So do buy it! :D
76561198095428818,Recommended,281640,22567914,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mastre Yode,"Of you like The Banner saga you are going to LOVE its sequel. It's a major improvement. Many of the issues of the first one have been adressed and the result is satisfying. A beautiful game- great story, amazing visuals, godlike soundtrack and fun gameplay. Can't wait for The Banner Saga 3."
,Recommended,281640,22682104,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,EagleHeart,"Builds perfectly on it's precursor.  This game is short, and wonderful."
,Recommended,281640,22681627,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Pullo,"An amazing game, pure gold."
76561198003976178,Recommended,281640,22683196,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,dylan,I AM A TEEN GIRL WITH A KILL COUNT IN THE HUNDREDS = FIVE STARS(All sentient rockmen/rockwomen/rockbabies fleeing for their lives.)
76561198035656218,Recommended,281640,22622035,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,bpc2000,"The Banner Saga 2 continues the engaging story of its predecessor with improvements to almost all aspects of the game. Once again the gorgeous art style evokes a feeling of purity and beauty, yet in this second installment there is a clear feeling of loss and danger that comes with it. As you pass through the world, it gives one pangs of sorrow, because it's clear that the darkness is coming to destroy all that is lovely.To begin, THE SOUNDTRACK ALONE IS WORTH THE MONEY! Austin Wintory (composer of Journey, flOw, Horn, The Banner Saga, and many more) does an exceptional job once again building the perfect rugged and fierce atmosphere for this mystical Nordic landscape. The music fits the brutality of war; blaring horns bombard the listener in fight sequences, and in the time between fights, the soundtrack helps keep tension high. Soulful performances by the vocal soloists tie everything together perfectly.This product is more of a story than a videogame, and you truly feel like your decisions have weight. The storyline is great-- major props to the writers for creating such a well crafted experience. There is no right decision at any fork in the road, and many times along the journey you will regret your choices. It is virtually impossible to finish this game without questioning some moves you had to make, but that is part of the beauty.The combat system is not too challenging, but at times thinking on your feet and making sacrifices is going to be required. You are challenged to take on the personality of your character and do not only what you want to do, but also what your character is able do while keeping a good reputation. There are consequences for being too ruthless, but also for being overly-soft or lenient. You have to strike a balance.In my opinion, the most important thing to keep in mind while playing this game is that it is just ONE part of a MULTIPLE part series, and should be treated as such! Do not go in expecting closure at the end, or even a perfect story-arch. What you get is part of an incredible journey, one that isnt too common in games. I STRONGLY recommend this game, the previous game, and any future games in this series.On their own, each game may not be a feature-length experience and game, but when put together, you get a 30+ hour adventure that is unforgettable. I can't wait for The Banner Saga 3!"
76561198024274938,Recommended,281640,22618212,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KirmesSchläger,"One of the best games I played in the past years. It feels like a interacitve book with tactical fights, which challenges you enough to keep your interest. It has been improved well enough and even if there is no progress in the game mechanics, I will be happy to play a third part of this epic saga.The story and the artwork are fantastic and for me, the greatest reason to enjoy this game.For everyone new to it, I highly recomend to play the first part for a much more personal game experience.If the Banner Saga were released in my childhood I probable had gotten addicted to it and if i had children on my own now, I would love to see them playing games like this and not this heartless junkfood thrown at us alle the time.I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did. You shurely wont regret the time you´ve spend in this world."
76561198010628632,Recommended,281640,22618768,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,CountCristo,Fantastic - like the first one youwill like this one. Buy it.
76561198063617836,Recommended,281640,22618883,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheDarkMike,Pretty much improves and builds upon everything the first game does. The art and character design is amazing in this game. Gameplay feels a bit more diverse with new talents and character classes.
76561198041640143,Recommended,281640,22641515,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BassFaceBandit,"This game is beautiful. Absolutely gorgeous and enthralling and the combat system is much more diverse than the original game. Overall, I'd give it an 9/10 and can't wait for more content from Stoic!"
,Recommended,281640,22639608,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BukkakePizza,"This is an excellent game, and certainly a worthy successor to the first Banner Saga.Engaging story - checkInteresting decisions - checkAdded combat depth - checkArt direction, soundtrack - checkAxes - CheckHorsemen - CheckVarl  - CheckDredge - CheckMurder - CheckHatred - CheckVengeance - Check"
,Recommended,281640,22657379,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,wriggles,"Played BS1, and BS2 is equally, if not more fun than the first one. The storyline definitely keeps players engrossed and the gameplay will surely attract people who love to come up with strategies in games. New characters introduced keep the game fresh and interesting and it was entertaining to unravel and see them grow in light of the Darkness.All in all, if you are into RPG and strategy games, the BS series will not let you down and it's amazing to see the indie devs making such a good series here. Defo a must buy for me, and already looking forward to the release of BS3!"
76561197970674643,Recommended,281640,22655767,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Guitarmy,"Intriguing story/characters, fun, chesslike gameplay and great art. Played through the first one twice and will probably do the same for the second one."
,Recommended,281640,22658847,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,cosmonaut,"it's the first game, but better. very nice"
76561198007523781,Recommended,281640,22907172,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Painstain,"This game is awesome ... enough said!But seriously, they actually managed to improve an already perfect game. The foraging mechanic is really nice, since this ways you can level you heroes up and buy some items without your clansmen dropping dead from hunger every day.What else?:Story ... AwesomeGameplay ... PerfectGraphics ... BeautifulReplay Value ... LotsOverall ... 10/10Can't wait for No. 3"
76561198102668145,Recommended,281640,22906662,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,payltd1989st,"This seems to be an ideal sequel. It continues the involving story while incrementally increasing the complexity of battles. Though the hand-drawn art is one of the main draws, and does add significantly to overall experience, the addition of animated (or semi-animated) sequences can cheapen the experience, sometimes looking like cheap 1980's cartoons. But for the most part, it is a visually beautiful game. If the developers want to add fully animated scenes, it's best to make them cinema quality."
76561197965756485,Recommended,281640,23019913,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,MEatPC,"Banner Saga 2 doesn't reinvent the formula invented in the first iteration of the franchise, but instead builds upon it. The result is a game that surpasses the first one in almost every regard. Though the mechanics are mostely known, the game still feels fresh due to small but poignant changes to the combat system. I loved both games and can't wait to play the final episode of the Banner Saga."
76561198255691282,Recommended,281640,23040988,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zulubot,"Great work Stoic, keep up the good work and this could easily become the greatest Indie series ever"
76561198013047657,Recommended,281640,22799144,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,ThatDudesDude,"A Terrible Retrospective:Just saying it right now. Best Game Story 2016.Austin Wintory outdid himself with this soundtrack, he just keeps getting better.Egil finally said ""I love you"" to Alette.I dropped a tear at one piece of dialogue.Chtulu visited me in some caves. By ""visited"" I mean killed me dead!Rutta or whatever his name is, is an major ärsle.Never trust horse people. (Hopes brony friends don't see me writing this)Friends has no taste in good games because no one plays The Banner Saga.Previous comment is relevant.Game spits Witcher in the face by saying ""No, people DON'T unite when their life's are in danger.""Forgot why I'm writing this.I'm going to go and have myself a popsicle."
76561198057004835,Recommended,281640,22889221,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KoshkaLukoshko,A great addition to the series. The only downside is that having imported savefiles from the first game I found myself overpowered even on high difficulty and that (and a very high renown income) affected the overall atmosphere of the game.
,Recommended,281640,22892342,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cindarus,They successfully made Banner Saga even better. The story continues to fascinate me. The soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥and the gameplay has greatly improved.
,Recommended,281640,22971418,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Paullo,"Back in January of 2016 I took a chance on the original Banner Saga and came away spellbound. Gripping storytelling and nerve-wracking tactical combat came together under some of the finest presentation the indie scene has ever produced to create a one-of-a-kind title.Now it's two-of-a-kind. The Banner Saga 2 doesn't break new ground, but it does provide more of everything that made the original great while expanding the scope of the world and its story.I'll repeat what I said back in January: even if you don't usually play this genre of game, you should take a chance on The Banner Saga. Should we be blessed with a third game, you'll kick yourself that you didn't get in on this amazing series earlier."
76561197965470404,Recommended,281640,22971544,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ozzy190,"Love this, the atmosphere, story, mechanics.My perfect fantasy RPG Strategy game."
,Recommended,281640,24324477,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BuschFunker,"Same as the first game, simply beautiful and immersive."
,Recommended,281640,24279150,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Inardesco,"Great game! Felt a bit shorter then the first game imo but the story was alot more intense. There's one downside to the game when you transfer your save from the first game. Rooks/Alette's caravan will have very overpowered characters whereas Bolverk's caravan is just a fricking pain. Characters are underleveled and you're thrown against very powerfull foes. It's a real struggle to level that caravan and I found it very frustrating. Rook's caravan in the first game feels like a walk in the park in comparison to Bolverk's caravan.Overall, the story is captivating and immensely strong and I'm looking forward to the third game!"
,Recommended,281640,24180814,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Trikucian,"Absolutely gorgeous game.  I'm a bit biaised in that I've been a life long fan of Sleeping Beauty and Ralph Bakshi, two of the main inspirations in the art style for this series, but even if you're not into art all that much this is a nice and challenging little strategy RPG.  What you have to remember is that there is no ""perfect"" way to play this game, no matter how bad it gets, you just have to keep moving forward.  I really like that, it makes the game's story have more weight.  Also, there's a ton of replay value because there are so many different little story threads based on your decisions.  In some ways it's kind of like one of those old choose your own adventure novels from the 80s and 90s.  My only complaint is that I wish you would get more renown from battles."
,Recommended,281640,24145604,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Xyclops,If you enjoyed the first game then you will enjoy this game as well. This game improves on Banner Saga 1. The only problem now is that the game has a bunch of bugs that need to get worked out.
76561198131417751,Recommended,281640,24141606,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CHMorehouse,"If you liked the Banner Saga, you won't be unhappy with the sequel.  I'd give the original Banner Saga a 95/100 and the sequel a 90.  There are many holdover characters and a good number of new ones.  The most important new feature introduced is new abilities which become available once a character has toped out in a stat.  There are two new abilities tied to each stat, so the character progression isn't scripted.  Characters gain a new skill on reaching 6th level, often a choice of advancements.  Most of the new abilites fit in well with the old.Another feature to note is that a player may start a new game, playing his choice of Alette or Rook.  Optionally, you may import an end state from the first Banner Saga and continue your story with your successes and failures carrying over.As in the first Banner Saga, the story line splits early on and the player has two separate caravans.  Again, the story is linear and there is no possibility of going off course.  Avoiding spoilers, there were a few story events I didn't like and a few that made me laugh.  It's a decent story.  I've now played the game through three times and there are still things I haven't tried.  This game has a mederate replay value, in that there a quite a few characters to try.  I guess that I'll have seen all the events in about five playings.The training tent feture is expanded.  You can still try out tactics against assorted opponents, but there is a training feature in which you arre to use specific character abilities,  Some of these are challenging while others are routine to players of the first game.Combat is still chesslike, with sides alternating until one side is down to a single figure.  I have never played a game which operated in this way.  This has a lot of novelty value for me.I heartily recommend this game, but suggest a new player start with the original.I have recently received an update which includes something called The Survival Game.  This consists of a series of combats using the same maps and oppont types as the main game.  This version used a timer, instead of giving the player time to think.  I have played this only a little.  I had trouble controlling the characters and found it frustrating to know what move to make and yet not always being able to make it.  I had never had any mouse problems with either the first game or the main body of the second game.  Let's hope that there's an update that allows the player to reduce the sensitivity of the mouse.  It's a free upgrade, so how can anyone complain.I have enjoyed both these games and plan to try the finale when it is released."
,Recommended,281640,29225130,Posted: 13 January,all,Decadency,Can't wait to play the third.
,Recommended,281640,29217127,Posted: 12 January,all,Worldshaper Kayto,Improves on the first. And that's saying A LOT.
,Recommended,281640,29193413,Posted: 11 January,all,Feldmarschall Friedrich,"Fantastic story, art style and gameplay. A must-have for anyone who played Banner Saga 1."
76561198073173885,Recommended,281640,28240093,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[5thH]McSausager,"The collapsing, beautiful world of the banner saga expands and breaks away, the story is as in the first one superb and getting grim and more complex ... do not hope for a simple black and white.Gameplay wise good new additions and a lot of polishing,plus more character development with stats and special abilities.The Saga just getting better and better ... when you can live with a cliffhanger ending and the waiting time for the third game.Absoluty recommended."
,Recommended,281640,28256551,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DedPetren,"I loved the first one. This one improved a lot gameplaywise and continued the story that I adored so much. Of course both games should be played together. Both of them a parts of a big awesome experience. Making those tough decisions, whatching your people die from hunger, there is no safe way in the lands of Banner saga. This game has a special vibe to it, with awesome music, drawing style (DAMN YOU STOIC, MAKE A FULL THEATRICAL RELEASE CARTOON ALREADY) and story, story, story... Recommend 100%. One of not so many games that makes you care about what is happening there. It's like reading a good viking novel, except you are in that novel."
,Recommended,281640,28542269,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mausklickmoerder,"The Banner Sagas are utterly gogeous. Every screenshot looks like a painting.The combat system has been improved, especially in the variety department, and went from okay to good.The story is very engaging, captivating even, as we are often left in the dark about the caracters' real intentions.The setting is well built and everything feels as if it belongs (except for those centaur people in the end...).There are some minor fault points, but nothing that keeps me from saying that this is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,281640,28457955,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,(....),Amazing world building. Character arcs that you can actually get emotionally invested in. Decisions that matter and a ton of options for party building with new classes and interesting new characters. The ending isn't as satisfying as the first game but the game itself was even more enjoyable with the addition of the 'antihero' caravan with a ton of really cool party members.I wish 3 could come out tomorrow. Seriously one of my favourite game series of all time and an unmatched gaming experience in terms of genremixing and world depth.
76561197974648186,Recommended,281640,28475529,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,hindrek,If you liked the first one then its a must-play
76561198105777534,Recommended,281640,28398660,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,Why are you reading this? Go buy the game.
76561198060691577,Recommended,281640,28340014,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,LOHKIRK,One of the best games i've played in 2016. A great sequel to Banner Saga.
76561198008361598,Recommended,281640,28790108,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaY.Firin,"This is one of the greats. This is how you make a good game with an amazing story that leaves you wanting more. Thankfully it is part of a trilogy.The graphic is awesome. The music is awesome. The fights are fun and, most of the time, very challenging. The writing is just phenomenal. You feel for every character, decisions are hard and make you ponder them over and over again.It is as amazing as you read probably everywhere."
76561198027691064,Recommended,281640,28793437,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,2S Hysteria,"I don't write reviews. At all. But exceptions have to be made for what is hauntingly amazing.  I loved the first one, but TBS 2 is on another level.Gameplay wise, it's fairly simple to play, but in my experience very difficult to master (I still struggle with *fully completing* one particular boss fight in the game on the hardest difficulty.) Despite the simplicty and challenge, playing the story battles over and over again is always fresh because of the individual heroes' abilities - the mixing and matching of their skillsets and having to give kills to heroes to level them (some need more help than others, of course) brought me closer to the characters, and weren't just pieces I was moving around on a board. And it's inevitable that some heroes will by much more frequently utilised than others, some less, but I have enjoyed TBS 2 to a greater degree by putting myself through the struggle of attempting to use weaker characters - mixing and matching squads of shieldbanger varl with archers, only having human characters armed with shields to form a defensive line and buff stats while restricting movement, or playing with more support characters than slayers.I'm not one to complain or praise visuals because art more often than not is a *different strokes for different folks* thing in my opinion, but the art of TBS 2... I didn't want the game to end when it did, and one of the main reasons why is its visuals. Absolutely stunning by all accounts. While there are few animated scenes with characters moving about, the still depictions of the characters with their written dialogue below are just so fantastically vivid that the words come to life. Bolverk's character is truly out of the screen, for one. The silent moments between Rook and Iver. The chilling stills of Juno. Even simple details like Hakon's speech just fits the way he's so humongously built and towering over even other varl as a slayer in combat. The game can in that regard be enjoyed if played slowly, and the interactions made animate with one's mind.The story. People liken it to Tolkien's universe, or at least from what I've seen in the other reviews. I'd beg to differ to an extent. It is after all based on Norse mythology to my knowledge, especially with the serpent's presence. So, take the carnage of Ragnarok with a Tolkien-esque twist, multiple narrative perspectives from two different caravans (including some ambiguity), and top it off with a tenderness in the moments less tense, very much made possible by the visuals. The moments when the caravan stops to rest, or has simply has to stop because they're too tired to continue. Watching the caravan make its way across the vast lands is a remarkable view and story to be told in itself. Coming across empty houses, battle-scarred villages, forgotten mine shafts, caverns, or even a death march across barren snowlands for a final stand at a ford... this is the story of TBS 2.I bought TBS 1 on a whim just to try out an indie game that looked somewhat promising. The promise that it's delivered is far beyond expectations. It really is a world one can dive into and continuously appreciate if the time is taken or the eye is in awe of. Just get this game for god's sake it really is a bomb it's just wowza."
,Recommended,281640,28807756,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crosley,"An amazing sequel to the Banner Saga. I loved the first one but the second just blew me away. Following the same art style and mechanics, the sequel offers the same choice-based gameplay that really forces the player to think what would be the best option in a world-ending situation. Highly recommend to play the Banner Saga first to fully envelop yourself in the story."
76561198097663874,Recommended,281640,28462581,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dale Bawlz,"+ Outstanding game with some improvements on the system from the first game in the series.+Great characters.+ Gripping story that has a Game of Thrones feel.   No one is safe, which is refreshing in a video game.- Cliffhanger style ending is a let down after the outstanding ending to Banner Saga 1, and has an episodic (also Game of Thrones) feel to it.EDIT EXTRA MINUS:- because Survival Mode was such a monumental waste of my time.  The first 39 battles had tough moments, but were all doable.  Battle 40 is not possible with the team I have chosen.  It makes very little sense for the difficulty in the last battle to be so off-scale with the rest of them.  Frustrating to the point where I almost want to give the game a negative rating."
,Recommended,281640,28760200,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dr. Doctor,"Great game, great music. Badass character and a little bit of romance you probably would have wanted in Saga 1.There's been some improvements in both storytelling and combat, with few downsides that I believe will be adjusted in Saga 3. It's good to see that they are trying to make things actually better and not just rely on Saga 1 system, which makes me look forward to next Saga.Join the caravan and start your own journey."
76561198007266153,Recommended,281640,28744563,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,In3vitabl3,Great story and follow up to the first one.
,Recommended,281640,30078505,Posted: 21 February,all,Yvoire,"Gameplay-wise there are no significant changes from the first chapter so this review won't cover that aspect. The game is basically the second part of a trilogy and predictably ends in a cliffhanger. We see more if the world as some of our heroes travel south while the others travel west, in the same parallel storylines structure as the previous game. There is a lot of character, world and plot development, and the more I follow their adventure, the more I get to like the protagonists. It rarely happens to have so many likable, relatable and memorable characters, and the world and plot grows deeper and more interesting at every chapter. I cannot wait to play the third part of this awesome epic saga!"
,Recommended,281640,30089040,Posted: 21 February,all,Saraband,"Beautiful art, wonderful storytelling, amazing soundtrack and engaging turn-based gameplay. What more could you want? If you enjoyed the first Banner Saga, then this is a no brainer. If you are new to the series, don't worry - you can start with The Banner Saga 2, but I still recommend playing through the first game if you can, not only to give you a better sense of the mechanics, but also because the choices on your campaign will carry over to the sequel."
76561198032412125,Recommended,281640,29531691,Posted: 27 January,all,Mudge Tzu,"Banner Saga 1 & 2 & 3(probably) have filled a large hole in my heart that was left by Final Fantasy Tactics no longer continuing their series after Grimoire. Wonderful art, cool music (great for hiking in the winter/fall), fun tactics, and interesting decisions that reward and punish you in ways unexpected.A great deal of games boast decision making being a big part of the game fail to do so. Typically they give you just 3 options; one obviously good, one obviously bad, and one neutral and the ending they present is just shows you made the world a better or worse place. In this game you can make a good guy decision and it pays off wonderfully like a new unit or something game changing resource, or nothing at all. Sometimes doing what you think is right ends up with one of your key characters getting his throat slit and never being able to play him again.I have played both Banner Sagas many times in many different ways and it is always rewarding. If you like myth, morals, viking aged warriors, and a game that really pulls you in I highly recommend this and the first one.There is even an online pvp version of this game that for whatever reason isn't publicized as much called Banner Saga Factions. It was released with the first game and hopefully they will update with Bannersaga 2 and 3 mechanics. It's alright but it is free to play."
76561198007215017,Recommended,281640,29525550,Posted: 27 January,all,telamiina,"Like the first one Banner Saga 2 is stunningly good looking, full with superb music and atmosphere!Just love the lore, it is so original and still have nice nordic feeling in it.To me games only annoying aspect was combat. some how it feels better in second game. It was ok in first but now it feels good. Cant say specific reasons as it's been so long from playing the first one.Really peace of art. Those rare gems like Witcher 3 or King of Dragon Pass.So if you liked first one this is even better. Also if you like good story and TBS combat buy both games.Ps. Third and final part of the series is at kickstarter!"
76561198012349916,Recommended,281640,29424698,Posted: 22 January,all,toon92,"Better than the first, replayed the story multiple timees. Survival mode helps give the game more lengevity."
76561198027752654,Recommended,281640,29621341,Posted: 31 January,all,IAmNotTheEnemy,"I liked the first a lot. I am not far into 2, and I like it more."
76561197972370664,Recommended,281640,29621074,Posted: 31 January,all,Ambassador of Benevolence,"Definitely start with the first Banner Saga. The best feature of the game is the story and pacing, and it's a better starting after the first game.The gameplay is more polished, but there's a much heavier veer into high fantasy in the story. The caravan gameplay is still not very well developed (you can train Clansmen into fighters but... where are the battles?)Has an uncomfortably sexy centaur in it.Gonna go put some money into the kickstarter for number three. Godspeed, Banner Saga 3!"
,Recommended,281640,29810732,Posted: 9 February,all,Wootles the Frozen Yeti,"Well , what to say about this game. It's an unique experience with a bleak story yet, it's one that's hard to turn back on once you start. Truly amazing. The only issue that I had was that sometimes the screen would not pan to where it needed to be during the tactical fights, but this is an inconvience and still perfectly playable. If you like a good story, this is it."
,Recommended,281640,29903675,Posted: 13 February,all,Illuminati,"If you play the campaign:- 80% story, 20% action- you're forced to play useless heroes, because ""the story requires so""- heroes are shuffled all the time. You may spend exp on a hero and the next moment he's just gone- not nearly enough exp to lvl your heroes, let alone buying items- rare item loot- nice backgroundsIf you play ""survival mode"":- 99% action, 1% story- you can play any heroes- enough exp to lvl them up- item loot is enough to support any build you want- some battles are a lot more challenging than any of the campaing's, so you have to know what you're doing"
76561198006723015,Recommended,281640,30248866,Posted: 28 February,all,Zaonite,"The Banner Saga 2 builds on the rich world and story of The Banner Saga. Battles are familiar but new abilities and characters greatly improve and mix up the flow of play to make it interesting throughout.The story is enhanced and enriched from before, with similar decision cruciality in ensuring the survival of your Caravan.If you've played The Banner Saga and loved it, what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,281640,31181687,Posted: 16 April,all,oyomastaz,"Good tactic game, especially for its story, characters, arts and ambiance. I really want to see the conclusion in banner saga 3. The game is full of hard choices and epic battles. If you're good in tactical games (which is not really my case), you'll like the battle in normal and difficult mode, even in survival mode. If you're more like me, you'll probably ending to do the battles in easy mode because at some points, it's really ahrd. But it's always fun, beautiful and interesting. It's turned based, and between battles it's more successions of dialogues and choices, so if you're someone who only want fast action, it's not for you. But if you love all that I said before, and want a really original vision of fantasy, then you should definitely buy it ! And do banner saga 1 first, even if this one is better in all points."
76561198026873914,Recommended,281640,30184925,Posted: 25 February,all,Ghouleh,"Did you like Banner Saga?Yes?Good. Banner Saga 2 is as much a direct sequel as can be expected. A few improvements here and there, though a notable absence of improvements the first game sorely needed (such as being able to undo your movements in tactical combat). It imports your save game directly from Banner Saga 1 and picks up where it left off. This results in you possibly starting out with wildly different parties, Renown (XP) and item layouts.The overarching story is just as obtuse as the first game's, if not more, though what matters is the journey, the Oregon Trail-like traversing of beautiful landscapes and the challenges you find along the way, rather than the obscure main plot. The characters are dry and straightforward, and yet, I don't know how they do it, they manage to give surprising depth to many characters that barely have five spoken lines in the entire game. It's rather heartening.As with the first game, Banner Saga 2 ends on a cliffhanger and rather obvious sequel hook. I have little to complain about this stupendous game. The art is beautiful, the music is stirring, the combat is tactical and fun, the worldbuilding is fascinating. You can be sure I'll grab the third one when it comes out."
76561198262601383,Recommended,281640,31367490,Posted: 25 April,all,rubicant12,Solid turn based game. Good story. Choices that impact the story. A little short.
,Recommended,281640,31917513,Posted: 23 May,all,Jumbo Potato,The writing on this game is sooo goooooddd
76561197995311229,Recommended,281640,31987470,Posted: 26 May,all,[NR]Volknir,"Loved it! i dont like turned based games, but damn this game is somthing els. if you like a good story and awesome music buy it now. made me cry. 7/10 only negative thing i can find is to short story. i just want more of it :D ty for good feels"
76561197972183885,Recommended,281640,33248867,Posted: 4 July,all,IceMan,"Recommended,Since the other guys did a pretty good job in pointing out the pros, which I can totally agree with (even if the rest of the text does not seem so), here are some cons.Minor translational issues (e.g. M/F - german) and bugs during the fight and the short story, especially the end, leave me with the impression you were hasty had too little time to do more, but I would buy it again for this prize.I know there are probably several other ways the story can go that I did not discover, but you build up drama and raise expectations during the journey for the time when you reach your final destination and then you get a messed up end that is confusing and boring, OR it is world's best cliffhanger and I just do not get it, decide yourself.*SPOILER* You get to the main city and expect some political plots due to the rumors that you hear during the journey. So I decided to kill the king and raid the city and open it to everyone, you fight the king, the king gets poisoned, fought and downed (not dead), his retreat to the city was stopped by a javelin through his body (not yet dead), I fought and downed the king again (I think he is dead, but you know..). Then the game tells you, ok but you still stay outside the city since his army locks down the city (end of the raid). Well, thank you for making me try, I did not lose a fight, but it still does not work, oh and btw. while you try to figure out if you killed him or not, there was a fight in your camp and most are dead but, know what, never mind, does not matter anyway, let us sit here and be glad that we are alive (for some time) and come to the final chapter to end this already. *SPOILER END*."
76561198018476373,Recommended,281640,33335549,Posted: 7 July,all,riv3rbird,A great installment in The Banner Saga series. Looking forward to number 3.It is recommended you play them in order as they import saves and use story continuation.
76561198170660107,Recommended,281640,33335713,Posted: 7 July,all,BadHaggis,"A truly incredible gaming experience.  I looked at this game for about a year before I pulled the trigger, and I am quite pleased that I did .  While some studious seem to think that money alone will make a good game, the people working on the Banner Saga clearly have gameplay, story, and art as their foremost priorities. Also, I had no idea that ALL of your decisions (right down to party experience and items) would carry over to the next games in the trilogy. My only critique is that it is very text heavy, which I don't mind (90s rpg throwback) but might annoy others. I can't recommend it highly enough!!!"
76561198035592940,Recommended,281640,33330920,Posted: 6 July,all,benjaminswill,"Copying my review from Banner Saga 1, since all aspects are essentially the same. I think the second installment is even better - improves on the combat mechanics and deepens the incredible story.Love, love, love this game. I find I'm wanting all my other RPG/Turn-based combat games to be more like the Banner Saga series. The story, music, and art is all incredible, and I also think the combat system is excellent and just the right amount of challege. Choices you make have impacts throught this game and into future chapters. Character building and leveling is very satisfying and you have to make real choices about limited money and EXP resources.Maybe some people aren't into the choose-your-own adventure/oregon trail type gameplay between combat - it's certianly different than any sort of open-world RPG - but I find it extremely engaging. Those of you who know and love King of Dragon Pass will be big fans.  I've gone back and played through more than once now. It's not super long, but well worth the $$, esepcailly if it's at any kind of discount."
,Recommended,281640,33375390,Posted: 8 July,all,bsinky,"What a sequel.  That's what I'm left thinking having recently finished my first playthrough of The Banner Saga 2.Like the first game, The Banner Saga 2 definitelyfeelsreplayable, even though I haven't yet replayed either game I definitely plan to, especially 2.  There are a number of choices I made that I would like to see play out differently.The Best PartsImprovedbattle gameplay(Barricades, New hero classes, Additional powers for heroes, and more!)Plotdrives forward with purpose,great pacing(another satisfying chapter of the Saga - just the right length)Import your save from The Banner SagaI could go on listing what makes The Banner Saga 2 great, but the above list summarizes the very best parts of the game.A list ofThe Worst Partswould be difficult to come up with.  There's one point in the game that was quite challenging for me - but if anything, that's anotherprorather than a con.  It forced me to readjust my strategy in order to overcome the challenge and ensure my heroes were successful, and eventual victory was that much sweeter.In the end, isn't that what The Banner Saga is all about?"
,Recommended,281640,33757567,Posted: 23 July,all,Studious,"Well, them vikin boys are back at it again. Runnin around the entire world and whatnot. Really makes you think, huh? What we got here is a more refined Banner Saga 1.First question: would you need to buy the Banner Saga 1 to understand what happens in the Banner Saga 2?Answer: Yes, more or less. This is a direct sequel, and I'd expect the Banner Saga 3 to follow suit. This game takes some time to spell out things, and throw in some more flavor via character bios; but if you're looking for the whole picture of what's going on, I'd recommend buying and playing the first game.Second question: what's different this time around?Answer: The game feels a lot more cohesive this time. Things are a bit more fleshed out comparatively to the first game in the series; and overall things seem to be a bit more thought out. Its an improvement, but the basis of the game is largely unchanged.So, things are really heating up in banner land and the end of the world is upon us. And no walls are gonna save you when the dredge come a knockin, so sir. It was like that in the first game, but this time things seem to be spiraling downwards more rapidly than before. Viking land is all but destroyed, and anybody left is angry and hungry. It is in this great time of crisis that you are asked to lead your people to safety.In that respect, Banner Saga 2 is exactly the same as the first game. A series of events stand in your way to the promised land. Some of them are tricky. Some of them are predictable. Others are surprising for different reasons. Now, of course, these events are scripted; and like the first game, major story beats are exactly the same no matter who you're swinging battle axes at. But the biggest difference I can tell is that the enemies of tBS2 are far more varied than before. Previously, you were either fighting dredge or raiders. This time around, everyone's out to get you; much like what would happen in a more typical apocalyptic fantasy Viking adventure. The dredge are more varied. The raiders are far less common. Different animals and beasts show up to the battle to eat you and your people before lunch on any given day. This makes the game a lot more interesting, especially from a resource management perspective.Your decisions actually have downsides, and I was second guessing myself sometimes as to what was the best way to do things. Wasting food, being careless with your heroes, trying to push with low morale; all of these things make the game significantly harder, which is interesting. I didn't find the game particularly hard, but I was definitely challenged by some of the battles. Some of them can be downright brutal, as this game really likes throwing waves of enemies at you. Expect to be consistently outnumbered in just about any fight. tBS2, does however reward bravery and the clever use of resources. Various bonuses can be earned throughout the game to make the game a lot less punishing.Overall, I was pleased with this game. In my opinion, this game is standing head and shoulders above the prequel. There's a great deal more at play here, from the battles, to the heroes, to the mechanics and the choices. Everything comes together very nicely. One complaint I do have is that the game doesn't have an ending per se, being that it's part two of three. However, I am excited about what's to come, and I'd welcome an even more improved third part to send the trilogy off with."
76561198068187933,Recommended,281640,33794351,Posted: 25 July,all,Joel Hood,Entertaining and worthy sequel of the Banner Saga.
76561198180391302,Recommended,281640,33897711,Posted: 29 July,all,jadams.projects,"Largely more of the same from the first game, which is a good thing as far as I'm concerned. With the higher levels, this game really fleshes out the combat system and makes it more fun with new options. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, because the wheel was awesome in the first place. Definitely play the first one before this though, as you will understand far more about the game world, and your characters, stats and items carry forward into the second game.Highly, highly recommend."
,Recommended,281640,33870388,Posted: 28 July,all,AЯΣS,"Once again a great game as much as the first.. music, story, artwork what more can you go wrong? Looking forward to the third."
,Recommended,281640,34233570,Posted: 14 August,all,Cynical Ape,"Incredible art, music and storytelling. Definitely, a must if you've enjoyed the first one."
76561198119474552,Recommended,281640,34482757,Posted: 25 August,all,threeseed,"I have come to love this series, and this is probably my favorite games. The world is beautifully crafted and the gameplay is never dull. It's one of the few games I had a hard not stopping myself from completing in one sitting. I can't wait for Banner Saga 3!!"
,Recommended,281640,34507474,Posted: 26 August,all,Trash Wizard,"Warning:  This game still does not complete the story of The Banner Saga.  Hopefully that will happen before too many more installments.  All current Banner Saga games are pretty short and cheap, and totally worth the price, so it's a rare gem in that I would be okay with having to play a few more Banner Saga games before I get to see an actual conclusive ending, and I'm sure I would enjoy every minute of each of them, as long as we don't have to wait until The Banner Saga 12 for the ending that I really hope we get to see.Now that that's out of the way...People interested in this game should first play The Banner Saga 1 (all the way through).  The Banner Saga 2 does provide a recap for new players, and it is accessible, but both games are incredibly good, and you'll appreciate 2 more if you've already played 1 and seen how it ended.Now that that's out of the way: if you read my review of The Banner Saga 1, you know I really loved it.  The same is true of the sequel.  Do yourself a favor and check out both games.  They're easily some of the best games (and works of art) that I've ever played.  Check out my review of The Banner Saga 1 for more details."
,Recommended,281640,33301164,Posted: 5 July,all,GarrickWinter,"Just a note that when I first tried to play this, importing my Banner Saga 1 save resulted in a game that was broken in the initial tutorial and wouldn't let me progress at all. I'm not sure why that was, but since it had been so long since playing BS1 I decided to play the whole of the first game again to get a fresh save, and the second time it worked. So beware.Once I got past that, I found that this game is essentially identical to its predecessor in terms of mechanics. Combat is the same, with armor and strength pools being targeted separately, which can require smarter use of your attacks. The caravan mechanics are the same - you move through the world, trying to keep morale and supplies up by responding properly to random events, and occasionally encounter story beats or battles to be fought. It's a simple and engaging formula that still works in a second game - I'm actually glad they didn't change much of it.In terms of story, I think it suffers a bit from the lull typical in mid-trilogy works - half of the story splits off to follow a separate caravan populated by almost entirely new characters, and it takes a while for them to get interesting (but they do, with some really interesting story stuff going on). Meanwhile, the main caravan seems to be a little conservative with developing the protagonist's story - little wonder, given who that protagonist is depends on the end of Banner Saga 1.But there continues to be lots of unpleasant decisions, and the occasional unexpected death, and new and interesting lore gets revealed as the game goes on. The art and music are gorgeous as usual, and the ending feels like a suitable setup to an epic conclusion. I've backed the third game on Kickstarter, so now it's just a question of waiting it out to see what happens next!"
76561198132812456,Recommended,281640,34963557,Posted: 14 September,all,Captanegan,Literally the same as Banner Saga one. So it's... great.
,Recommended,281640,35401629,Posted: 1 October,all,GraphicX,Absolutely excellent.
,Recommended,281640,35341595,Posted: 30 September,all,Professional Walrus,It's like the Banner Saga 1 except your choices from the first game carry over so you get twice the guilt for ♥♥♥♥ing up
76561198148536928,Recommended,281640,35365873,Posted: 30 September,all,JustAnOtter,"The survival mode in this game was exactly what I needed. I love the combat too much for me to just be trapped with low level characters and low stakes battles. The survival mode actually feels difficult and interesting,  characters can actually be lost leaving with no option but to provide a proper viking funeral, hire another hero, and move on. I love it."
76561198382550611,Recommended,281640,35466295,Posted: 4 October,all,Chiefikans,"If you enjoyed the original Banner Saga, you'll more than likely enjoy its sequel.  More of the original gameplay with a new layer added to the leveling system for your heroes, new classes, and new skills.  The story picks up right where the original left off and wastes no time carrying on.  I'll more than likely be purchasing The Banner Saga 3 when it is released as the second game was able to pique my interest in the series throughout."
