user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,281610,28432656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ardshael,"TLDR: GAME ABANDONED BY DEVS, DO NOT BUY!It's sad that I need to NOT recommend this game. It seems like it would be a great game. Unfortunately I'm stuck on only the 4th map in the campaign because of a game breaking bug. The bug has been known for months and acknowledged by the devs a long time again. However the devs have abandoned the game so the simple to fix bug still exists.It's been so offputting that I can't bring myself to play it more."
76561198273918359,Not Recommended,281610,28169622,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Matt,"SUMMARY: It's Broke Jim! Beautiful music & visuals, but game-breaking bug destroyed it all.---UPDATE Jan 3 2017: See comments for workaround to Mission 4 ""destroy remaining forces"" bug. I've decided to keep my ""not recommended"" rating, because the bug is still present after a year and I believe consumers deserve a minimum level of quality for their money - you shouldn't have to research and follow precise instructions from other consumers to work around an otherwise-blocking bug just to be able to play your purchase.---I had such high hopes - I loved Homeworld's story and I knew I'd love a prequel story. However, a few hours into playing this game, I encountered a game-breaking bug that prevented me from progressing past Mission 4 (Kalash Site). I've tried multiple times with different strategies and it's just stuck. Some people say I just have to delete & reinstall and play from the very beginning because the save file is corrupt. I played Homeworld when I was a kid with plenty of time. As an adult, my gaming time is very rare. I don't have the time to replay it all because of a bug.The internet shows this is a very well known and common bug, known in January 2016 and still unfixed after nearly a year in December 2016. They have good engineers... so a year without a fix makes it clear that this game is simply not receiving investment.For whatever portion of this game you do manage to play, you'll enjoy the gameplay, especially the beautiful visuals and soundtrack! I look forward to the day when my children, or perhaps my grand children, can download a patch and experience Missions 5+. Until then, I just can't recommend wasting valuable gaming time."
76561197971115631,Not Recommended,281610,32802961,Posted: 25 June,all,Rabid Pikachu,"The best way to describe this game is ""meh.""The artistic work that went into the game is top notch. I love the sober atmosphere of the game and I genuinely feel immersed in the action when I listen to the background radio chatter between units during the battle lulls. The only problem I have with the game, unforntunately, is the gameplay itself. It's just bland for an RTS. Unit pathfinding is atrocious at times, which is unforgivable for an RTS in this era. Another annoyance is how the enemy always seems to outnumber you and spends apparently infinite resources. This is very frustrating for a game that limits your unit capacity and gives you only finite resources to spend. Then to top it off, the game triggers events as you progress to certain waypoints. This inventivizes the player to stop engaging with the missions and just scour around the maps for resources before progressing. The least they could do is give you any remaining resources after the mission is over or something.So in short, it'll probably entertain you for 10-20 hours, but don't expect much beyond that."
76561198007647065,Not Recommended,281610,21420564,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Peruukki Pekkarinen,"Singleplayer campaign is only about 8 hours long. As someone with no interest in multiplayer, this game is not worth the whole asking price of 46€.Other than that, it was very enjoyable 8 hours."
,Not Recommended,281610,28026487,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JaydenH,"I would reccommend, however, ther is a game breaking bug that is still her since FEB...fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love this game, but not being able to progress is seriously killing my buzz, fix the mission 4 bug and I'll reccommend."
,Recommended,281610,23745734,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sinistro,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, the fourth game of the homeworld franchise and its first non-spacial RTS. In short words: Worth every single cent you put on it.Warning:I never played any other homeworld game, I didn't know its story nor had read about it before playing this game. But I'm an RTS Veteran, I've been playing RTSes since WarCraft 2, going through all games from the C&C Franchise, AoE and AoM Franchises, StarCraft 1, BW and 2, Company of Heroes 2, Grey Goo and many others.Singleplayer:I started playing the campaign, hoping for a few hours of good story telling, that is not what I got. I got an outstanding, catchy story that made me complete forget about my schedule and keep playing, the famous ""one more mission, just one, I want to know what happens"". Solid storyline, characters development is there, and as the story goes, you get to know more of each one, including side characters.Playthrough is not repetitive, levels have good variety and there is replayability for its campaign. It mays sound odd, playing the campaign again, despite being the same missions, the combination of reactive army + RNG makes the singleplayer extremely interesting to play over and over again. What do I mean with reactive army? the opponent's composition is based on yours, even on easy difficulty, imagine now in the hardest one.The whole game is beautiful, and it has in-game scripted moments, that gives youa feel that what you play is what you watch (the player never feels dislocated like watching a movie instead of playing the game). Immersive, if you want a ""gamer like"" word.Multiplayer:I bought it when patch 1.0.1 was live. It had its flaws, won't go easy on this point, netcode was unstable, we had no replays, and just 2 factions, that was back in February 20th. Now we are in the version 1.2.1 (June 24th), after patches 1.0.2, 1.0.3, 1.1, 1.1.1 and 1.2! And  A LOT HAS CHANGED, AND FOR BETTER!Replay system was implemented, new maps were added, netcode was fixed, tweaks in-game made the user experience a lot better. Two more sub factions were released as paid DLCs (worth the cost, they are cheap and add a lot of diversity to the game), and a new future DLC was hinted (no official word about it but other players and I speculate a singleplayer DLC is coming).Balance has been tweaked a lot to the point that DoK is one of the few RTSes in which you don't have to tech up to get imbalanced units, or do timings following a strict and 100% effective micro/macro management. No, the game is fluid, it allows you to set your pace and fight your opponent based on your rhythm.It is most important ""feature"", the thing that you should master to be good in DoK's multiplayer, is Game knowledge combined Map awareness. Positional play is the key, to the point you can turn the tide of a Battle if you know how and where to place your army. But it is not restricted and mandatory like Company of Heroes 2, where you must secure territories in order to have fuel and ammunition.There are strong units, but everything has a counter. There are ""super weapons"" that, despite the name I gave them, can't win the game, and it ends up falling into the player hands the  responsibility to use such weapon as a tide turning tool combined with his army in order to win the game.Development:As I said, in 4 months 6 patches were released, 7 if you consider that 1.0.1 was released in early February. Blackbird Interactive is a small studio when compared with other companies, and yet they are able to consistently update the game, deliver content (paid and for free), hear feedback from the community and answer to it.Here it is a little something that may sound as me using my ""bragging rights"": During a chat in one of the communities hub (the most activeDiscord serverrelated to homeworld franchise) I mentioned that would be cool to race a ""random"" faction, so I could enjoy the game at its fullest by just having the faction selected by the game (I play as random in pretty much every other RTS). A few weeks later, this feature was implemented. By no means I'm saying it was because of me, but one thing is for sure: Devs listen, acknowledge, and if it is reasonable, they implement it.And just recently they added support to OS X! You have an PC and a Mac? No problem, the game you bought back in Feb is now compatible with both platforms!I have a lot of faith in these guys, and I hope that with them DoK only has one future: a brighter one.Extras:Expedition Guide: If you're like me, a complete newbie to the homeworld universe, the expedition guide is an excellent acquisition. I read it after finishing the SP by the first time and I was in a awe with the amount of backstory they developed for this game. I only felt like this with a game once: When I was a little boy and had bought StarCraft 1 that came with a huge manual telling the lore of each from beginning of time. If you're a Lore lover, expedition guide is a must.Soundtrack: Love good songs? like a desert kind soundtrack with plus of mysticism, technology and apocalyptic aura? DoK gives you 111 tracks of it, in FLAC!  Instabuy for me, it may be for you too.Soban and Khaaneph Fleet packs: here is where things get tricky. In a DLC filled world, adding factions to a game as paid DLC could be called Pay2Win, and that could not be more far from true with DoK.DoK Factions introduce, by a small fee, changes in the factions, adding new mechanics, new skins to existent units, and new ways to play it. As I said before, nothing is OP,  and that is also valid to the expansion Fleets. Does it worth? yes, $7 is more than fair for a whole new way to play a game that I enjoyed.Want an example? Khanneph Baserunner (scout unit) can create a blast drone, a fast little bugger that explodes dealing massive amount of damage. Sounds quite OP right? not really, while it is fast and has a lot of damage, when spotted, it can be taken out by the most basic unit such as sandskimmer and LAVs.PROS:Immersive Singlplayer with incredible in-game scripted scenes, good dialogues and excellent audio work (voice and soundtrack)Replayability with an combination of RNG and player's choice (you can challenge yourself by putting your army in a bad spot);Involving Multiplayer that does not make you feel overwhelmed with its micro/macro intensity like StarCraft/Company of Heroes, but it is not simplistic enough to make you bored after a few hours;Hardware requirements are not extreme - despite what is said by other players I've been running it in a 2 yo computer with everything on ultra and at 60 FPS, if I disable AA, Vsync and anisotropic I can reach 150FPS easily.Extremely hardworking development team, keeping the game fresh and updated;All DLCs have a good price tag for what they add to your game experience.CONS:Due to its small playerbase you may feel ""alone"", but there is a community behind this game;Despite everything it still lacks a few basic features that I would like to see added such as: A more complete replay system, an observer mode, a few tweaks here and there;It is not exactly a con, but I would love to have more content.Personal rating? I bought this game out of the sale, paid full price for it and all DLCs. And I would do it again. 10 out of 10, best RTS of 2016 imho.Update: This game still is one of the best around."
,Recommended,281610,20670548,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Positives:- Wonderful audio- Gameplay is very fun- Art Design and Graphics are good, the game looks very good overall- The story is fantastic, especially for a RTS. If you liked the old homeworld games lore, get this one asap. Interesting characters, well written story and dialogue. Did I just write that for a RTS game... Yup lol. Best writing in a RTS since World in Conflict.- The Atmosphere is very well done, it feels like Homeworld, oozes the whole feel perfectlyNegatives Or Things that can be improved:- The AI needs some work- More maps would be nice (I have seen today the devs announced free maps are on the way down the road)If you prefer a slower RTS, over say Starcraft 2 or if you want a RTS with a great campaign that is well written and  a blast to play, pick this up. Not perfect, but quite a good addition to the RTS genre, especially at a time when RTS games rarely come out and if they do they are usually multiplayer focused, nice to have one doing a good job with the campaign, story and atmosphere. Not as fast paced or twitchy as the popular starcraft2, but at the same time, the multiplayer in starcraft 2 has alot more options.I will post more impressions and thoughts late on when I have more hours on the game. So far it is very good though! Very Immersive, audio rocks, it looks nice and it is fun to play, despiate the ai issues and lack of maps for multi on launch."
,Not Recommended,281610,27752134,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BeastSlayer,Killing an enemy production cruiser when it's building ships will break the game. One year after launch and the developer is still too lazy to fix serious game breaking glitch like that.
,Not Recommended,281610,20694508,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,HiJanxy Sun Edition,"I love this game. It doesn't mean I would tell someone to buy it.Just finished the game.  Classic Difficulty.  I had a blast playing it as an old homeworld fan. Won't lie was hoping for something that was more Homeworld: Cataclysm then the other two games.   It feels and plays like a Homeworld game. Each unit has a purpose and excells in that roll, but as far as the campaign is concenred there is a certain point in which anyhting smaller then a Cruiser becomes useless. This is very much Homeworld 2 over the previous games which might turn some off.The hard part though.  Would I tell someone to spend 50$+ on this?  As the game is right now no.  Unless that person is a major homeworld and rts fan there is really no reason to buy this. Even then it is a hard sell.  The campaign is 13 missions long which is fine, but the skirmish and multiplayer as others have said before is where an RTS survives.  The fact the game shipped with 5 maps and a barebones AI which you will notice in the campaign really makes me worry about the longterm survival of this game. That and the lack of marketing on gearbox's front makes me worry that gearbox doesn't expect this to live long either.Edit:2/1/2016There are now 6 multiplayer maps.  Multiplayer is reciving balance so meta is a bit better now. Ai is still braindead."
,Recommended,281610,26400552,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tren,"Deserts of Kharak is an amazing RTS game and my most played game of 2016.With a solid narrative Campaign tying into the original Homeworld series and dynamic fast paced Multiplayer it has alot to offer.If you are looking for just the single player experience you should be able to get around 10 hours game time.If you want multiplayer you will find a sparce but dedicated community, I highly recommend you look into the community group Legacy of Sajuuk as well as the Discord Homeworld Universe.Otherwise you are just going to be put off by empty server lists.Anyone who reads this review and is convinced to try, feel free to message me or send a friend request, I'll happily introduce you to the existing community and help get you accustom to the MP.DoK is an amazing game which with more players could grow into something truly spectacular"
76561197972509636,Not Recommended,281610,21117699,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,El Wray,"This is a true spiritual successor to the Homeworld series.  Every little touch that made Homeworld so memorable is in this game.  Unfortunately, for a $55 dollar price tag this game is woefully lacking in content.  I completed the 13 mission campaign in under 10 hours of playtime.  Whats there to do after that? Not much.  Theres a skirmish mode against an absolutely horrid AI, even on the hardest difficulty.  There is also a multiplayer but the map pool is so tiny (5 maps total? only two of them are for the most played online mode 1v1)  Just bare bones content wise all around.  This is why i cant really recomment this game for this high of a price tag.  There is zero replayability in the campaign, its a once and done kind of thing and the multiplayer is just barren.  Get this if you absolutely need a homeworld fix, but personally id avoid this until it goes on sale for at least 50% off. Just nothing to do in this game."
76561198035323493,Not Recommended,281610,28394624,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,: - ) ALL,"This game breaks my heart mostly because it could have been so much more. The gameplay is stellar, there's so much potential for it to be on of the greatest. I finished single player (which was good), and went for the real treat to play multiplayer... Long story short it had many problems on release, and now the game is basicaly not supported by the devs any more. Because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch there's basicaly no community apart from some few fanboys that will tell you otherwise. I hope that one day they will announce some ""2.0"" patch of expansion and learn on their failures. Maybe even re-release the game with more multiplayer focus. If you are more of a single player guy then sure - grab it. If you want a multiplayer experience then no - this game is a wasted potential and was killed before it even had a chance to become big. Real shame, because it's the best multiplayer experience I had in years. Can't really recommend."
76561198024259443,Recommended,281610,20726501,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Solais,"A quite awesome addition to the dying RTS genre, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak done a prequel story perfectly: setting up story points that were kinda ""out there"" in the originals, turning the game into a well made ""new first game"" of the series (chronologically speaking). There are obvious problems, especially when it comes to the braindead AI in multiplayer, but if you're someone who's more into singleplayer RTS games, this one is just right for you.I do have to say that it seemed like I found the exact opposite what everyone else was talking about regarding the campaign, including TotalBiscuit. They said the campaign is very easy, there are too many resources, you get unit types out of the blue without explanation, etc. I found all this to be false, as I had a rough time on Normal difficulty, I was always out of resources, and every single unit type you get is explained. So that particular criticism is weird for me. But maybe it's just me.So yeah. I'd recommend this game to RTS fans, and especially those who were fans of the original Homeworld games. It's rare if we get RTS games nowadays, so this is definitely one shining diamond.(One more note: The game is called -Deserts- of Kharak. So don't be surprised if all the maps are set in a desert.)"
,Recommended,281610,32934818,Posted: 28 June,all,TheHolyAsdf,"Deserts of Kharak is quite good, a fresh feeling to it and retains Homeworld's style. Keep in mind I did get this game when it was 75% off.1) Aircraft the variety of abilities were great.2) Good Voice acting3) Decent graphics and combat pacing4) Some negative reviews said there was a lack of variety of units. I suppose this is true but you used all units available to you, unlike in homeworld classic, there were many ships I never used because they had no use.5) The story is a little short, roughly 8 hours, but it's well presented. It is quite challenging as well even to RTS veterans."
76561198017320730,Recommended,281610,21874996,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Last Rights,"The best RTS Ive played in a long time, hands down.The campaign is an absolute masterpiece. Great atmosphere, immersion, visual style and music. SUPERB mission design. Every mission is very different without being gimmicky, and offers a wide variety of strategic play. The game favors strategy and tactical control over twitch micro, much like previous Homeworld games. 10/10While somewhat slim on multiplayer features at release, DoK has already had 3 major patches, with a fourth coming this month. The developers continue to support this game with new maps, multiplayer features and balance changes, and DLC. The MP community is rather small, but very friendly and welcoming to new players.If I had to find fault with the game, its the occasional bugs in the Public Lobby for custom games. Sometimes there are issues with p2p connectivity, but you can generally resolve them with a restart.If you like RTS, Homeworld, or Sci-Fi, buy this game."
76561197970104561,Not Recommended,281610,21928482,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Andy77L,Not sure why this gets such high recommendations. The single player game is pretty awful. Enemy AI seems to be non-existent instead relying on pure scripting. The enemy doesn’t even need to harvest resources. New units just appear at regular intervals. The campaign only lasted for 20 hours. Far too short for the price.I am a big fan of the original Homeworld game and RTS games in general. Replying the original Dune or CnC would be better than playing Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak.
,Recommended,281610,21675447,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,GinTon1c,Just finished the game!Pro:The game itself is pretty decent! It`s definitely worth playing it!Really interesting gameplay! Good graphics! Battles are really impressive!Con:The only negative side is that the game is pretty short!8/10
76561198006899168,Recommended,281610,20656887,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mr.Gray,"Hello everybody.About myself:RTS player, usually oriented on competetive multiplayer experience (CoH, SupCom, MoW:AS), have limited experience with Homeworld franchise overall but definitely a persone interested in lore.In short:Game is great. It has some issues, but there is no core flaws which can make a game unplayable or effect its replayability. Game core mechanics are pretty deep, It has rich solo experience and well thought-out competetive oriented multiplayer. It is defenitely a Homeworld game from Homeworld developers. You can feel the soul of game universe while playing this game thats for sure. Amount of work those guys put in lore, game details and gameplay is huge and you can be sure that project not gonna be droped like some random moneygrab. Get this game and invest in quality game development.Core mechanicsGame is defenitely self sufficient as Homeworld game and as real time strategy. There are multiple gameplay layers from terrain to unit active abilities and veterancy system. Solid groundbased strategy overall which can be compared to original Company of heroes.Solo campaignStory is rich, gameplay is really immersive. You have great wrighting, voice acting, awesome cutscenes\videos, unit persistance with veterancy system and pretty intence atmosphere overall. Expedition Guide adds alot for lore guys like me. All you need is a bit of imagination and good headset to dive into desert.On the other side difficulty even on classic is not that hard, but game do not hold your hand all the time like TotalBiscuit tells you.MultiplayerInformation about multiplayer was limited before release to say at least and this part of the game come out as a great surprise. You can clearly feel that original Shipbreackers project was oriented on multiplayer. You have 1v1, 2v2 3v3 ladder system with matchmaking and skill tiers. Artifact retreaval game mode in ranked saves this game from passive camping of original annihialtion gamemode of Homeworld multiplayer. Belance is pretty good for a fact that there were no closed\open beta for multyplayer. You can play 2 factions with really good diversity, dont listen to those who tells you that they are all the same. There is no identical units at all and there are huge core differencies in strategy\abilities\unit compositions etc. With great game core mechanics this game have a possibility to became a noticable RTS game like CoH or SupCom. There is no replay and observers system which are essential to form a competetive community around the game. And 5 maps are not enought thats for sure. Devs have a lot of work here if they want to bring this game to competetive standarts.You can look at competetive part of the game here - ""First Ever Shoutcast! Pro 1v1"" from well known Company of Heroes commentatorshttps://youtu.be/XQcZM8-lMMAThat is all i think, hope it was helpfull."
76561198015320747,Not Recommended,281610,33466881,Posted: 11 July,all,Jiang,"Deserts of Kharak boasts a fascinating story, wonderful atmosphere, and entertaining and varied campaign, but it's deeply marred by its lack of replayability, awkwardly fast gameplay, and relatively short campaign. Multiplayer is finicky enough that it can be difficult to get a game going, and the AI is a bit clunky and easy to overcome.All in all, it's worth a shot if you love Homeworld and want a prequel to the first game. However, its low replayability and utter lack of any new singleplayer content make this a title I'd recommend against purchasing. If you see it on sale for 50% or better off, then it's worthwhile. Otherwise, I'd suggest spending your dollarydoos elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,281610,21990784,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Not Sure,"There's just not enough content to justify the full asking price of £30 for this game. If you want homeworld, get the remastered edition. Wait until there's a gold edition and maybe there will be some good content. Campaign is short, and linear. Is this 1999? I expect more depth from my strategy games these days. It's shallow, but beautiful. Listen to the soundtrack on youtube.Skirmish is a let down, when it was released there were five maps, all taken from the campaign, and off the top of my head, there's less than a dozen units for the coalition, a similar amount for the gaalsian.If you like RTS and you've heard of homeworld, don't get this one. It's not finished. It feels like a demo. I completed it after a few days and thought ""was that it? I could have got more enjoyment out of £30 of booze."""
76561198046960736,Not Recommended,281610,20652010,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,FewFingerDeathPunch,"This will be my final write up on this review, as I have now completed the campaign and because of that alone my opinion is now a very, VERY cautious recommendation IF all you are after is the prequel story in a rushed format. If you're after replayability, hours of skirmishing etc, then go play Homeworld Remastered/ClassicsI've played the Classics since I was a kid back on a 98 os system (all the way through xp and windows 7, I've probably put over a 1000 hours into each) and I've put well over a 100 hours into remastered just so you know that this is an opinion on the game from someone who has been tainted with the previous Homeworlds. A new fans opinion may obviously vary from mine.I'll start off with the positive:The art style of the cutscenes is fantastic, it's actually something I wish other media would uptake it's so pretty.The music is classic Homeworld, desperate and dramatic tones of orchestra, it's great.There's more dynamic battlechatter (for example when an enemy is detected but not seen units will report they have signals but no visual conformation) which is a very nice touchGuard formations are back, (took us this long to get that back?)Atmosphere and story is very homeworld, a desperate struggle against a formiddable enemyLove the fact Rachel is a unit, any game which lets you some way have a badass chick is usually good in my booksArtifact recovery is a fun little thing to do, and it's a great asset, they offer great strengthening factors to your fleetThe prequel story is very compelling, not to spoil anything but after the end of this I immediately went and started playing Homeworld 1 againNow the negative:The game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥when compared to remastered, even on ultra, ship textures are okay and the explosions are....okay, but the other FX look pretty poor and the sand textures look extremely lat and lifeless, to the point where I look at the screenshots above and scoff.Combat has a serious lack of individual unit importance, the only way you can win is mostly by unit spam, you'll throw a lot of the starting units straight to the windsThere's no ballistics, at least from what I can tell, rail gun hits seem to be RNG and everything else is just falsely animated when compared to what's actually shooting and what's actually taking damageNo docking? No harvester drop off animations? What?TERRIBLE unit clipping, like half the stuff on the surface doesn't actually exist, I've got scavengers just driving through the wreck of the Kalash like it's nobodies businessVery little unit variation both in each race and between the two races, one race hovers and the other doesn't but in terms of combat they are identicalOnly 5 maps for Skirmish/OnlineThe controls are pretty butchered, unnecessary button changes to a system that was well understood and well loved, and you can't even get that system back because the controls are NOT-REBINDABLENo ALT focusing, making trying to keep an eye on your units in combat even more difficult without them clipping through sand, mountains, bigger units and resourcesUnit target priority is very odd, rail guns will try to shoot tiny fast LAV's while another railgun is killing them, it's like they just defend themselves from what they see first which will ALWAYS be the LAV'sI know this is precise but, the support carriers guns will all fire when in combat, even if not all of them are on target, so you get bullets just flying off the thing in random directions for no reasonMissiles and bombs have very random velocities, they'll launch/drop at reasonable speeds but as soon as they get close to a target they'll accelerate to ridiculous speeds and perform seriously unbelieveable changes in direction. I understand a bit of smudging to make stuff like that hit but, this is immersion breakingI find very few of the scenarious in the campaign to be imaginative, you've got your standard first mission of testing resourcing, production and the like and from there's it's just been engage and destroy the enemy mostly (as well as the aforementioned artifacts to recover)Skirmish AI is both useless and a dirty cheater at harvesting resources much faster than you ever couldCamera gets stuck at certain zooms sometimesSometimes turret animations will simply fail and rounds will come out the back of them instead of through the barrelOf course some of this can be fixed in patches, we NEED Alt focusing again and we DEFINITELY need rebindable controls, as well as a fix for the buggy clipping, certain odd unit behaviour and some busted animationsMy final word is that I really want to say I enjoyed this, hell I probably did, the campaign (as un-imaginative as it is) is enough to make you want to complete it, but that's pretty much all you're getting. If you're a die-hard Homeworld fan and you want to experience this epic journey of the great expedition then be prepared to experience the feeling of a very rushed game along with it. Buggy animations, unit clipping, fairly certain I've mentioned it all. And it will ruin the immersive moments, even the end of the game was almost ruined for me, as the final scene plays and the beautiful animation style shows us the sky of Kharak, Rachel was saying her piece and was interrupted twice by the blockhead Intel Officer saying ""Galsien fighters approaching"" even after I'd killed every single last one of them.I just chose to ignore him (the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)"
76561198033025849,Recommended,281610,20647096,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Vikare,"L I T E R A L L Y  H O M E W O R L D.RTS vehicle physics look better than my lifeHomeworld has always been a game that's very intense with the art direction, so the world looks absolutely flawless, though perhaps it might not be for some. All of the cutscenes thus far have been fantastic with their animated art concept. The actual gameplay is very similar to Homeworld, but now instead of a groundbreaking 3D space RTS... we're on a planet. Blackbird made sure to try new things here though, and they want to keep some aspects of the original game alive in that now the game feels quite authentic. The terrain isn't flat, you have topographical maps and need to pick and choose the best positions to place your forces if you want the advantage you desire. The storyline is top notch."
,Recommended,281610,26746740,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kacebus,"Full disclosure: I'm one of those people... a 90's PC gamer that was blown away by the first Homeworld. It's been propped up in my mind as one of the greatest strategy games of all time. I've gone back and played it ad nauseum... yadda yadda yadda. I'm one of those types.People like me will tell you that Deserts of Kharak has mighty big shoes to fill. And... It doesn't quite live up to it. How could it? Homeworld is more or less an 'ideal' at this point. But I'll also tell you in the same breath that Kharak is a game worth playing. The art is stylish. The graphics retain that sense of scale that made the original so impressive. The story is decent; more about representing a sense of place than of character development (very sci fi). Most importantly, it feels like a Homeworld game.Like I said though, it falls short. The game is over much too quickly, and the pacing is inconsistent. Kharak is a road trip game, but its jerky flow makes it seem like you're missing out of huge swaths of the game's story.The gameplay is flashy and nice. The vehicles are awesome but you'll find yourself falling into a successful routine and ignoring the game mechanics that are introduced later in-game. There's just not enough space to breathe and explore these new styles of play. Kharak lacks the replay value of the previous games.While I honestly can't see myself revisiting the game on it's current merits, I feel Blackbird took a step in the right direction. It ain't a retread. Ground-based combat was refreshing. It opens up new avenues in the future.Luckily for us Homeworld fans, Deserts of Kharak sold well enough. That's the takeaway for me. The game is a servicable successor, but most importantly, I haven't been more excited about the future of the franchise in a very long time."
,Recommended,281610,33103884,Posted: 1 July,all,AnsisMalins,"Homeworld fans will enjoy it, Ground Control fans too maybe, others will not. The game suffers from bad AI and frustrating controls, but the story and the atmosphere more than make up for it. I recommend playing on Classic difficulty. I beat most missions on Classic on the first try."
,Not Recommended,281610,22014392,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,PMC-C4rb0n Ru1n3r,"An (awesome) indie game with the price of an AAA gameFirst of all, I feel bad for not recommend this game, the game is great, RTS at its finest, complex, hard, offers variety of strategic... is the best RTS I've played since Supreme Commander. The campaign (isn’t mind-blowing anyway) has a great atmosphere, the feeling of being on an expedition in the middle of nowhere, with everything against you. That sense of rush while you're collecting resources for example, not knowing when an enemy patrol may appear through the dunes. Had a great narrative, a superb missions design, the video sequences have a magnificent design (like drawn with a brush, a speed painting between 2D and 3D), an incredible soundtrack... And an interesting plot.So why i cannot recommend it? Like the title said, is an indie game (sometimes even one on early access) overpriced. There's a important lack of content for the price its cost. You can beat the awesome campaign in less than 8 hours... and there's no more to do. There's not many units (and not very different aesthetically), only one campaign, the scenarios are incredible (but are similar, ok, a vast desert, you know), the HUD is an schematic and insipid 2D (you don't need to see how the pilots move inside their vehicle like on Starcraft 2 of course, but it makes it quite clear what kind of game it is), the units doesn't speak too much sometimes... Of course you got the skirmish and multiplayer (in fact you just need to look the achievements of the game to see it is the main feature), but only two factions, well, to be fair they're the same with different skins... less than 9 maps and of course only 4 game modes (almost identical)... and by the way, the online mode is dead.And well... now, they just released a DLC...6.99 to add 4 vehicles to the online mode... well 4 skins more or less. So... again a very overpriced stuff. This is not the correct way to make better the game, or even to bring back a game focused on the online mode. The game need new campaigns, offline campaign.The game is great, if you like the original Homeworld you will love this (the game is a mix between Supreme Comander and Ground Control with the Homeworld greatness), if you are a fan of real RTS you will love it too, I do. But the game is not worth that price (25-30 is recommended price, IMO), if you only can buy a game... look for another or wait for a discount (a big one), if you don't care about overpriced games, go for it."
76561197993271805,Recommended,281610,21240141,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Ironbrigade,"Hold onto your wallets, game has potential but is sullied by lack of content and very broken AI. It is a Homeworld game in the same sense that Supremem Commander and Supreme Commander 2 can be compared.Pros: Homeworld fans will enjoy the extra lore, Story is enjoyabe, looks and sounds great.Cons: AI dose not work sometimes, not much to do after the campaign is all done, leaves you wanting more.Would wait for a sale if you really want to get into this. I will reccomend this game in hopes that they will add more content to this game in the future that can warrent the full price."
,Not Recommended,281610,28676836,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nyadach,"I really want to recommend this game. It's beautiful, has the feel of the original Homeworld but on a planets surface now. The mechanics are good, the units are brilliant. It's sadly just a bug ridden mess. ""Kill all enemy"" urmm there's not one on the map, I've spent the last 4 hours looking for them! Bring item back to ship, it did, it just doesn't update. Ok just roll back to a save but you can't due to the (what would be a fine for making you not screw up save system) but you can't roll back and redo something since it doesn't allow it. What could be an utterly fantastic game is sadly just maddening."
76561198006568786,Not Recommended,281610,30147065,Posted: 24 February,all,behemoth227,"I wanted to give this a good review, but the developers failed so entirely, that it just isn't justified.  At the core of it, this is your basic desert themed RTS.  The only features to set it apart from C&C or the ""Craft"" games, are persistent units across missions, and the fact that your base is mobile.These two gimmicks are really all that sets this game apart from the herd, and, if executed well, they'd be enough.  The problem is, the developers have shown NO concern with fixing launch day issues.  I waited a year before writting this review, hoping they'd finally fix them, but there are still glitches, identifed within the first week after launch back in January of 2016, (search ""mission 4 sandskimmer bug"" in the forums,) that were acknowledged over a year ago by the developers, but were NEVER fixed.  Oh, sure, they'll spew out overpriced DLC that offers next to no content, but they won't fix game locking issues, issues that force entire mission restarts.Do to the nature of this one bug in particular, if you're unlucky, you could end up restarting and playing through the same mission fifteen times, and hit the same snag every single time.  It makes the mission simply impossible to beat, since there is an enemy unit spawned that counts as an objective unit, but has no health bar, cannot be damaged and cannot be targeted.  You can park your entire army on top of it, you can force fire at the unit, doesn't matter, it's invincible.  Or, you could get lucky, and play the entire campaign without ever experiencing it.Now, again, by itself, thats just a bit of bad programming.  It happens.  The problem is, that they've known about this bug for OVER A YEAR, and done nothing to fix it.  Bugs are acceptable.  Refusing to FIX indentified bugs, after over a year, isn't."
,Recommended,281610,28662517,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gray Farron,"I maybe a Homeworld fanboy, but im not blind to faults.. the game is lacking formation movement and other things that made Homeworld what it is, but.. all these complaints of a half finished game, with nothing but gamebreaking bugs, idk what these people bought. This was not my experiance at all, picked it up for 16 bucks for christmas and had an absolute blast with the campaign, amazing story, units perform and synergize well just like in Homeworld 1 and 2, and the filling in o the story is absolutely fantastic. Pick up the game, enjoy it for what it is, and have a good time!"
,Recommended,281610,20720279,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Fat Penguin,"Unfortunately, I haven't ever played the original Homeworld, but I know what a gem it was.  I've been missing a good RTS ever since Westwood was gobbled up by EA and Command & Conquer started to decay.Deserts of Kharak is a breath of fresh air and gives me the same joy that I missed from the good ol' days.  For those who don't have any context on the game, it feels like Battlestar Galactica mixed with Dune.  Its fun, it's demanding and I can't stop playing it!  I would write a longer review, but I need to get back to the campain story (which is amazing) to see what happens!HIGHY recommended to any and all RTS fans!AFTER HAVING COMPLETED THE CAMPAIGN:Soooo, I think I got ahead of myself here.  I really loved the game, it was so much fun, but I don't think it has enough depth for me to keep coming back for skirmishes.The campaign was a bit short in my opinion (about 8 hours on normal difficulty), but I really enjoyed it. I think I would buy an expansion for this game and I would recommend, but I think I would suggest waiting until it goes on sale in a few months."
76561198006482579,Not Recommended,281610,21176229,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,z',"Meh.Deserts is to Homeworld as Supreme Commander 2 is to Supreme Commander. The game has been flattened - literally in the case of the battlefield - to the point of oversimplification. The campaign is great fun but insanely short - less than ten hours - and skirmish or multiplayer doesn't have any real opportunity for playing with strategy because there just aren't enough kinds of units to mix things up. I wouldn't be so annoyed if I'd paid twenty bucks, but fifty? Come on guys.Don't buy unless it's on serious sale."
,Recommended,281610,20689823,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kenuty,"As I eagerly launched this title. I had a nostalgia hit me from the series.It felt like a Homeworld game and sounded like one with the superb voice acting, Excellent music and accompanied by beautiful cutscenes. The only downside however was the uninteresting backstory lore of the game and lack of depth in strategy from the opponent. The game is fun and the multiplayer works however there is a shortage of good maps seen.The game is as good as a Homeworld game can get as player control Rachel S'jett along with the coalition to battle the Galsien empire to reach the anomaly before they do on the dying world of Kharakcont...Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlwQOwmKRTwPros+ Great soundtrack as always from the Homeworld series along with top notch voice acting+ Battlechatters between units and acknowledgments as the battle wages between two factions the Coalition and the Galsien on the dying planet of Kharak.+ Graphics looks good and not too overly done, the game runs really well and feels optimized. Though the texture could use more work but overall the environment of the world of the dieing planet Kharak is full of sand, dunes, tornadoes, and sand storms adding the feeling of immersion.+ Units animations such as leaving sand dust when they speed up or blowing up leaving debris and black sand is enjoyable to watch when zoomed in or when units jump over giant dunes.+ Cutscenes are beautiful and top notch with cinematic watercoloring type of art along with in game cutscene that adds to the storytelling.+ Easy to understand unit counters accompanied by a great tutorial that explains how to play the game and use the camera+ Good ui and not overly cluttered along with easily understandable hotkeys.+ Multiplayer matches are fun and easy to understand in two modes, carrier destruction or capture the artifact.Cons- Story was uninteresting and left new players left out on the lore without much proper explanation of the situation one has to be a fan to understand what exactly is going on.- Ai in campaign does not respond to your units engagement types and literally cannot counter you, They are also set on predetermined pathing so if you die a mission, you can reload and test yourself and see that they will always go in the same directions or send the same units for situation even on the hardest difficulty. Not entirely dumb but needs rework.- Hardest difficulty beaten in seven and a half hours. Without rushing and played by veterans.- Cannot bind your keys though will not be a problem for those familiar with strategy games and can learn, the issue will be for left handers and others who cannot put up with the control ( THIS IS A SITUATION THAT CAN BE PATCHED!)- No units formations like in the original Homeworld series. (ie no formations at all so your support units can end up in the front and or too far from range to heal your units which sucks. You'll have to manually set them up in position.- Multiplayer is very lacking only 5 maps total to fight against your friends/enemy. Hopefully more will be added or a map editor of sort so that we'll have more maps.- Lack of strategy depth for unitsIn conclusion for those of you who are Homeworld fans you'll like the game, it is good but its not great. I am awaiting a sequel and hopefully see more improvements to Homeworld itself. It is a fun casual game to play online as well as an enjoyable narrative game with a short campaign without overly complex units and strategies. At best it is up to the multiplayer if this game will continue on living but even then the lack of multiplayer modes and map is undesirable and only time will tell if the game will withstand the test of time. There aren't many strategy game these days but this definitely isn't the worst. Hopefully future patches will improve it. Wait for a price drop or get it if you are eager to just play something."
76561198039515494,Not Recommended,281610,28123803,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ICBM,"the game does not allow rebinding of keys, so virtully unplayable given I need a specialist keyboard.no pause function in SP.terrian is a big part of this game, but the group move, ect takes no account of this.these are small but nessersary issues that need patching out, DO NOT BUY untill theses basic issues have been fixed"
,Not Recommended,281610,20662283,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LeNUTRIE Metanolo,"I'm a fan of the Homeworld saga.Now it has been specified, and I can go on and say I had fun with this game for those reasons: I really enjoyed the storyline; the artwork, comprehensive of sounds, musics, and graphics, is totally immersive as usual.Cool, anyway, Thumbs down becouse I have to be objective (and not everyone have to be a fan of the saga).The gameplay is cheap: the few units available results in few tactics and strategies. Does enemy have anti-air guns? If no smash him with aircrafts, otherwise go with cruisers (and that's all). Scenarios are so empty. Yes, the game is about the desert, ok, but still feel like something is missing.After all, this could be a good game to spend some hour with (in single player, of course, multiplayer is deadly boring), but only at a lower price.Guys, 46,00€ for this is a robbery.I got it with a discount of -20%, but I suggest to consider buying this for at least a -60% discount."
76561197971036715,Not Recommended,281610,20657606,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Deadric Formerly Known As Prince,"Not bad, not great either. It's very short, not much unit variety and it feels like they cut corners in some places. Would still recommend it over other games that are coming out but it can't hold a candle to the old Homeworlds and for the asking price it's lacking in content and refinement. Wait for a sale"
76561197999209563,Recommended,281610,20924644,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,With_Teeth26,"The story behind Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak’s development is a bit of a strange one. It started as a Homeworld-inspired project being developed by ex-devs of the original games, with the obvious difference of it being a ground-based RTS instead of a 4x space-strategy title. Yet events conspired to land the Homeworld license in Blackbird Interactive's hands, and instead of starting on a new project, they opted to retroactively fit their existing title into the universe as a prequel. What they have created feels surprisingly authentic, with gameplay mechanics and atmosphere that emulate the lonely, haunting, vaguely middle-eastern experience that characterizes the series.Continue Reading"
76561198032538670,Recommended,281610,22764880,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,reardon_c,"I wasn't really sure what I was getting myself in for when I bought this game.  The trailers looked pretty good and it looked different enough from my normal games to make me think it could be worth a change.In short: Brilliant!Pros:The graphics and level of detail are supurbControlling units is pretty straight forward, although it does take a little bit to get used to.  I found control groups to be my best friends.The storyline keeps things interesting during the campaignCons:I completed the campaign in about 20 hours of game time.  I just wanted it to go on and on.  I guess this isn't really a con as such as there are all of the skirmish matches to explore now.A bug in one of the missions (the only one I encountered) caused some confusion, but a save and reload sorted that out.I would highly recommend this game, particularly to those of you who like the real time war strategies."
,Not Recommended,281610,21034467,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Tyberos,"Firstly you will note that I've chosen not to recommend this game so I will briefly summarise why that is the case.As a prequel for the Homeworld series this game does live up to its predecessor in relation to the campaign and overall presentation. The story flows well, the cut-scenes are well done, and the tasks in the missions offer some variety. The story itself, as you may no doubt have guessed, follows the progress of the 'Expedition' refrenced in the very first opening sequence of the original Homeworld game. This game wasn't developed by Relic but that certainly doesn't show, at least when it comes to the single player campaign polish.Other than the single player campaign, the rest of the game leaves a hell of a lot to be desired. The fact that the campaign is only 13 missions long, the first practically being another training mission, in-and-of-itself, doesn't help. Regarding the multiplayer side there are only 6 maps at present to play skirmish games on. When it comes to skirmishes against the computer, the AI in this game is very underwealming and not challenging at all. As for playing against other human opponents there doesn't appear to have been much uptake of this game from other players from a multiplayer perspective as I have searched for nearly an hour trying to find a ranked game, and public lobby games are few and far between.All in all, if you're a fan of the Homeworld series I wold recommend waiting until this game is on sale at at least half the price. As things stand its not worth the money for a single player campaign with barely any multiplayer support or community,"
,Recommended,281610,20728905,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,FAButzke,"Homeworld is back!Let's start with the good:The Homeworld atmosphere is recaptured perfectly.The music is as good as in the originals.Surprisingly good story.Awesome sound design. The audio chatter among the units is one of the best I've seen in an RTS.Fine visuals.Now the bad:Lackluster AI. Finished the campaign in 12 hours (classic difficulty) and didn't break a sweat.Perfomance issues. The game ranges from 100fps to a crawl, even without anything spectacular going on.No key rebinds. Unnaceptable in this day and age.No skippable cutscenes. Unnaceptable in this day and age.Only five skirmish maps. Couple that with the crap AI and you only have the campaign going for it.Do I recommend it? Yes. But only for fans of the originals. Others be warned and wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,281610,31232724,Posted: 19 April,all,Kingben,Mediocre game.- Game works had no problems.- No patches since a loooooong time- Dlc are just some new fleets but no campaigns for the new fleet- Modsupport they confirmed never ever came........This is a abandoned game that reallly had potential but RTS games are not big money makers and im sure missing modsupport is not helping. I think the problem was the price it stayted to long on 40-50 $ (it still is) and they dropped mod support. this game does not have enough content for that price tag.
76561198071158609,Not Recommended,281610,25010509,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Absolom,"The truth is that I would recommend this game, but not at this price.  There is just not enough here to justify the price.The game is beautiful.  The gameplay is lots of fun.  The campaign is short but very good.But...There is no multiplayer community at all.  Skirmishes lack some of the abilities and army size of the campaign game, plus the AI is terrible.  The DLC is extremely expensive for what is basically nothing but reskins of the factions already in game, and the 2 factions that are in game are basically the same faction with some minor ability changes and build orders.What was done is masterful, fun and polished... and it's not that I don't want to play it, I really do.  There's just not enough of it."
76561197964688631,Recommended,281610,28719698,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dignam,"If you're a fan of the Homeworld series and don't care about multiplayer, get this game.   Granted the multiplayer exists; it is dead and I have never seen more than about 10 players online at a time.  Local skirmishes are decent.That said, this may be my favorite RTS single player campaign ever.  While the story is so-so, the voice acting, missions, graphics, and gameplay are outstanding.  You will catch yourself staring at your pack of LAVs bouncing over dunes just for how good it looks.  Little things like panicking chatter on the radio during a battle and the eerie music add to the experience.  It is very rock-paper-scissors as far as unit balance goes, but IMO anything much more complex balance-wise and you're into a StarCraft II RTS sort of game (which is very good in its own right).Some other reviews talk about a ""game-killing"" bug in the 4th mission, I have played through it three times and not had a problem.  Perhaps the devs fixed it."
76561198005406191,Recommended,281610,32118960,Posted: 1 June,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings, as always!  The Homeworld franchise is one of my favorite settings and the RTS design it is based off stands as one the great pillars of the genre.  As a whole it holds a solid third place for me in the RTS world (followed by StarCraft & Dawn of War) and constantly fights with Command & Conquer (mainly out of nostalgia) for that spot.Art in Motion:  This game is beautiful to watch, at first you may think ‘it’s a desert, not much to look at’ but every part of the game is driven to amazing detail from the way the vehicles move over the sand, even ramping it with realistic physics to the way the weapons fire causing displaced particles and even looking at the scale of the vehicles themselves this game is awe inspiring.  The music, sound effect and even the contestant banter of the units themselves complete this immersion.  I found myself constantly zooming in to look at the units closely and to listen to their communications among each other.  They talked about nearby threats, heat levels or even how to most efficiently to dismantle that structure.  Movement is amazing, the game takes every movement in consideration, and your battlecruisers have to take time to turn around where your hover units just start moving backwards and slowly rotate.  There is the occasional physics goof where a vehicle pops up from a shot or a hill and flips but it is more amusing than an actual problem.Riding before you know it:  Let me start by saying the tutorial is amazing, it explains everything in an understandable way and the game’s already amazing controls always allows you to fully understand what is going on and allows you to make the decisions needed to succeed.  I never felt like the game was fighting me; anytime something didn’t happen fast enough it was a limitation of the unit, something measurable that I was well of, something that I could anticipate at a later battle.  In addition to the effectiveness of the controls the units themselves are all useful depending on how you play.  It is possible to bulldoze an enemy with cruisers and there is little that your light attack vehicles can do to stop them.  But while they are slowly trotting towards your carrier your LAVs snuck behind and completely destroyed your long range railguns, and their salvagers.  Every tool has a purpose and exploiting your opponents’ weakness with them is what makes the game engaging.What’s the Next Step:  So what’s bad?  Well, some of the physics can be odd (like I said above) but more annoyingly sometimes the secondary objectives don’t complete or un-complete upon loading a saved game.  Sometimes the audio cuts out randomly during cutscenes and missions tend to drag on terribly at the end while you are cleaning up resources and artifacts.  But to be honest, this can all be forgiven as this game is outstanding overall.  I am honestly completely happy with this game aside that I would always like to see more.I never thought that the desert could be interesting but this game does amazing work towards the environment.  This is one of my favorite games of all-time and any fan of RTS gaming has most likely already played this.  If you are new or haven’t please do, you won’t be disappointed.   This is an RTS done right, this is mobile base building done right, this is just plainly a game done right.  Now, give me more!  Oh, every RTS needs a sensor pane like Homeworld, please do."
76561197966314600,Recommended,281610,20702978,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,infinite zero,"Great game, especially for fans of the original 3 games. I strongly recommend it if you like RTS campaigns or mature sci-fi stories.+ Good story. Playing this after LotV reminded me that RTS campaigns don't actually have to have garbage plot and characters.+ Excellent music and audio, especially the dynamic unit chatter. Why can't all sci-fi strategy games do this?+ Excellent art design as one would expect from this series. Nice graphics overall, once I figured out I needed to manually tell NVIDIA to activate my video card (the game defaulted to integrated graphics)+ Comes with HW and HW2 remastered for free!+ Solid gameplay. Compared to HW2, elevation and line of sight partially make up for the loss of the z-axis. Heavy units aren't as overpowered as in HW2, while turrets and motherships are far more interesting.- Poor long-term value. I would have liked a longer campaign with more factions and the skirmish mode is bare bones with few options or maps. Devs have promised more content for free, we shall see.- No in-game pause, only pause to menu.- No official modding support as of yet."
76561197981887900,Not Recommended,281610,21984303,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,MartialDoctor,"I write this review mostly due to the lack of a viable MP, at least for me. I didn't play it long as I wasn't able to play MP due to some strange regionally issues that doesn't allow me to see games in other regions. Few people were on in my region and, thus, I rarely saw any MP games.The graphics are nice and gameplay is good but, with an easy campaign (even on the highest level) and this strange separation of MP by region, which seems to have destroyed the MP community, I'd say beware of it.If the regions are removed and MP is viable, then this may very well be a fun game."
76561197990153534,Not Recommended,281610,20725533,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kuvick,"Have been playing through the campaign and also some little skirmishes. In my opinion the game is okay, but far from being good enough to be recommended at the current price.+ unique and nice setup+ some very good ideas for battle overview & unit handling- a lot of bugs/crahes- no key rebinding (really?)- tactical overview is cool but it is annoying to enter/leave it via a key, it would have benn better to automatically enter it when zooming out- You can zoom in way too close but not far enough out- really classic scissor-stone-paper principle for the units. This is okay so far if the other faction didnt just have other skins for the exact same unit type. A bit more variety would have been cool.- the campaign is pretty shallow. Especially the end is frustratingly short´- AI is crap"
76561198089286997,Not Recommended,281610,23919254,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Drapetamaniac,"Good But...This is a great game to play and I love the Homeworld vibe in a desert setting, the aesthetic is perfect.Unfortunately I have encountered several game breaking bugs that are unacceptable in a $50 game.  This is not some early access indie title.Cut scenes cannot be paused, this is sheer lunacy.Save your money.  Even at $25 in the sale I do not think a half finished game is good value for money.  While I am writing this my game is stuck in the strategic view because of faulty dialogue.The resource management is also deeply unbalanced.  The enemy seems to spawn units at a constant rate whereas you must deal with a finite quantity of resources, that's not good enough."
76561198176118966,Recommended,281610,20659623,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Navid A1,"If you are a homeworld fan, this is a MUST have. Don't waste another minute.If you are new to homeworld series, this (along the remastered editions) may be the best introduction to the genre of RTS games IMO.This game has all the elements that made Homeworld 1&2 (and cataclysm) true eternal masterpieces among computer games. Rich lore and story, masterful story telling, Breathtaking visuals, vast open terrains, flawless gameplay mechanics.The developers managed to live up to their legacy.Damn... i want a homeworld sequel now!"
,Not Recommended,281610,20734460,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nemrodh {HoRS},Yes i recommend this game. BUT wait till its on sale. 5 maps for multiplayer/skrimish. some bugs. like if you pause in a multi or skirmish you might not beable to restart your game. tutorial doesnt go over all commands and while it was said they would be the same as the origin its not all the same controls.
,Not Recommended,281610,23851124,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,T-Bone Biggins,"Refunded. Game has extremely good aesthetics, THAT IS ALL IT HAS. Gameplay is very shallow. The campaign people brag about is nothing more than infinite waves of enemies coming at you until you complete the objective. No strategy, just try to ball up your units and have them heal between the infinite waves of enemies while you do the mindlessly simple objectives. Terrain is done very slick and has meaning, sadly that meaning is lost in actual gameplay when someone just parks behind a dune and waits for you.This game is sort of like Homeworld in several ways, in others it's worse. It would be a long review to say how and why. At $22.50 this game is still a rip off. Deserts of Kharak is poorly done RTS with nice graphics. That's the low-down, that's all you need to know. Other bad reviews will go on about the myriad of other problems so no need to list them again here."
76561198056048225,Recommended,281610,20677229,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Darth Soban,"Now then, let's begin. I've been a homeworld fan for a long time. This game is Homeworld. It feels like it, it paces like it, It sounds like it, need I go on? I've just completed the campaign, which imo is the only game mode that counts, and there has only been one bug, but was not game breaking as it fixed itself by the next mission. This is my second favourite game in the franchise, right after the original. The campaign is really hard, just like the original and the game doesn't hold your hand and treat you like a moron. If you screw up, you lose. Even on Normal dificulty. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in RTS or Scifi in general as it tells a good story and serves as a great introduction to the universe."
76561197996657581,Recommended,281610,34852165,Posted: 9 September,all,B1G_DAWG,"Good looking game but they failed to add 'Pause and Play' feature.  As a developer I wonder why Publishers decide not to add this easy feature.  I am handicapped and have difficulty with fast paced games.  This is not for multiplayer mode but it really enhances the enjoyment of RTS games where the pace of the game is not near realistic.I would return the game if I could, until they add Pause and Play."
76561197994517404,Recommended,281610,20740967,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,morness,"Those that experienced the original Homeworld game back in 1999 were in for a real treat, with the epic story much like the modern Battlestar Galactica series. A slower paced RTS game with intriguing reverse difficulty and epic lengthy capital ship battles. Whatever you complete your mission with is what you start with in the next mission. And Homeworld was purely in space, and it had some control issues as it wasn't common to play an RTS game in pure 3D space.This new Homeworld prequel is a fantastic experience, but plays just like the original -- except everything is on land, thus 2D and easier to control. I recommend playing on hard, for the full experience. I would have to frequently reload an old save if I made a major tactical. But as a fellow game developer with a lot of RTS experience, BBI have done a most impressive job using the Unity engine and putting together the complete package. It performed well with max settings at 2560x1600 resolution."
,Recommended,281610,20760656,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,BoneDaddy,">this review may change in the future.>1/25/16This game is an absolute must for any RTS fans out there, especially ones that plays RTS for the single player.  The Gameplay is the typical homeworld style, only this time, its on the ground.  Unlike space where there is nothing to get in the way, the new enviroment this game is set on, offers a fun and great experience, especially since its homeworld.The campaign may be short in RTS standard.  but its the missions offers something great.  Keeping the same units you built since the beginning was fun, it always♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to see my high ranking units get destroyed (mostly because of poor decisions).  I reccomend playing it on classic mode (hardest difficulty) while the AI may not be great, the mission designs somehow finds a while to keep the challenge.  In short, the single player campaign is fun.Now for skirmish.  like I said before, AI is not great and there are only five maps.  Hopefully BBI or Gearbox will release free DLC maps very soon and allow modding for this (lots of potential for great mods too.  Mad max Mod anyone?)  You may have heard this before in the discussions of this game.  Bad AI, five maps.  In an RTS game that is a big nono.Multiplayer is, like usual, the best one.  Downside, region lock.  So far I have been only been able to find 1v1 matches 2v2 and 3v3 takes forever, that the only way to find larger matches is through the public server browser, but thanks to the region lock, you barely find anyone (usually juse one match/server is open)  I hope they fix this.The game has some weird optimizations, if you have a good computer, a great PC? You will get stuttering, no matter what option you set in the game.  hopefully in a patch they fix this.  Not really surprised that the game will have optimization problems, people did say, Unity Engine (which is what this game is using) has problems running smoothly.Would I recommend this game?  yes BUT, with the very few features it has (like usual, bad AI, short campaign, five maps) the price it has right now, is not worth it.IF YOU REALLY WANNA BUY THIS GAME.  you're better off waiting for a sale or looking to other retailers/sites that offers a lower price, like♥♥♥♥♥or something similarIf they fix all these issues, mainly the multiplayer region locking, AI, and the fact it has only five maps.  It would be great.+Great campaign+beautiful artstyle+Good gameplay+Good Story+Use of terrain/utilizes full 3d enviroments+Challenging single player (on classic)-Short campaign-poor optimization-five maps on release-bad AI-region locked multiplayer-Price of the game despite how very little features it has"
,Recommended,281610,24442544,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Muaath,"love the new approach, the sci fi realism is Awesome!, but Still it feels shorts in content.wait for sale before you buy it with full price"
,Recommended,281610,25544820,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,GreyMack,"Just finished the campaign and i have to say it's one of the most atmospheric strategy titles i have played in a long time. There's something about seeing the various vehicles driving through the deserts which takes me back to Dune II.The campaign was relatively straight forward, playing on normal level i never really had any trouble until the last couple of levels and it's true that the enemy AI is not the best, a well stock air fleet is usually good enough to win the day.The game is not without flaws but it's sheer charm and polish were enough to win me over and i certainly don't regret the purchase.PRO'sAtmosphere in spadesFantastic polish in game and in the cut scenesStrong storyGood balance of unitsThe Homeworld effectCON'sSimple AIShortish campaign (15 hours approx)In summary a good fun stratey title that will drag you into the world of Kharak"
,Recommended,281610,20692431,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Solarstrike,"An outstanding new chapter in the Homeworld universe. Superb detail, sounds, voice acting, and overall presentation. A highly atmospheric RTS along with lore to back it all up. Deserts of Kharak is far beyond something unique. The first time you see and take control of your Carrier from home base, is a moment in gaming you will not forget. I've played many an RTS game over the years. This one is very highly recommendedPros:-superb graphics; details of units, environmental effects, world design, physics-outstanding sound design to include voice acting-highly detailed story lore included in the digital companion ""guide""-seeing your Carrier launch a cruise missile for the first timeCons:-digital companion ""guide"" should be Free for all purchasers of the game-enemy a.i not the smartest of opponents. Friendly unit A.I can get stuck or fail to respond promptly-content currently available in relation to current price tag is questionable"
76561198286585326,Recommended,281610,28780417,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,wdrury77,"i had the same issue with the bug as alot of people are complaining about..this is what i did and got past it..1. while in the game and bug has occured , bring up the menu by pressing the menu button top left2. click save  but create new save point by typing in a new save name3. exit to main menu then exit game back to the desktop4. then close steam and make sure its not running in task manager5. restart steam and launch the game..load the previously saved point you saved earlier and game should continue past the bug"
76561198007687562,Recommended,281610,20724627,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Evolution,Okay my first short review ever:This game is freakin awesome! Rarely can someone make a so good prequel. When THQ went bankrupt I thougth this game was dead. But Gearbox came in and with Blackbird studios the game was finished. It's a masterpiece.Also this is the first good RTS since Starcraft 2 for me personaly.Here a the main pros and cons:Pros:- Great Story- Gameplay- Tactical map- Unit design- Sound- The DesertCons:- A bit short campaign- Multiplayer needs more love from developers.
,Recommended,281610,30341611,Posted: 5 March,all,terrymcgrady,"The campaign is epic and atmospheric. A simple but engaing story. I like the painting style cut scences and arabic influenced music. The last mission is brutal but not overwhelming. If you want a great RTS campaign is what you want, you have to get this.I never played skirmish or MP. But I heard that the maps are quite limited."
76561197964214343,Recommended,281610,21207455,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,CaptainShack,Fnatastic story that fits great with the original classic Homeworld. I highly recommend this and the Gearbox HD Re-release of homeworld.
,Recommended,281610,23004733,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,=JAViL15=,"A true, modern Homeworld experience, BBI did a great job.The campaign, though only moderately lengthy, is fantastic. Great cutscenes, story and progression. The whole way through the singleplayer is a blast.The combat in Kharak is simplistic but well refined, and follows basic unit-counter mechanics alongside the strategic use of the terrain itself (line of sight and height advantages). It's also awesome to watch a clash of assorted dune-machines blast away at each other, presentation is top notch. The atmosphere this game has with its audio is also second-to-none in the RTS department.Unfortunately the multiplayer community took a large and rather devastating explosive warhead on launch when the game was tied to Steam region-based matchmaking servers. This region-locked the community, and alongside a few multiplayer connection bugs that prevented games starting in the first place the online playerbase plummeted, you couldn't reliably find and play a game. A shame this is, as Kharak's multiplayer is actually really good. It's a fast paced, skillful and sleek tactical RTS arena.Due to the (now fixed) initial multiplayer launch issues and resultant lack of players, if you want to have a multiplayer game you'll need to go hunting for people in the forums or on steam etc. I have accumulated a small bunch of Steam friends who I can play a game with on a regular basis, but you need to go hunting, trying to search solo will net negative results.Ultimately I would recommend Deserts of Kharak to any fan of the Homeworld series or RTS genre, although perhaps not at full price. A game you should pick up during a sale without hesitation."
,Recommended,281610,33493028,Posted: 12 July,all,Masque of the Red Death,"I absolutely love this game. Although it could benefit from more single player content, I found the campaign thoroughly enjoyable. The controls are pretty intuitive, as is the unit balance (similar to the original HW games). Although the AI can spawn infinite units on some maps, it's entirely manageable with fairly simple strategies. There are a couple missions where the allied AI is braindead, overall, I didn't think it detract from the experience that much.The multiplayer is extremely fun, and there's an active, if small, community that's actively supported by Blackbird Interactive (the developers). It is also, refreshingly, mostly free of antisocial players, and I've yet to notice any cheating. There are several YouTube channels that cast games, and there's also a regular tournament, the Artifact Cup, which will soon be on its 30th iteration. Lastly, there's an amazing Discord server with a really active, friendly community, which you can find here:https://discord.gg/0iObC1nAGCaSEPOp.All in all, DoK is shaping up to be my favorite RTS."
76561197977858283,Not Recommended,281610,24561794,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Demon PonyRider,"It really feels like a homeworld game, I really like the art style and It plays ok but there is where the good points ends.I really enjoyed it untill the end, it felt like""you defeated the enemy, you're done, bye"" Way too short campaign, 13 missions played all in a couple of evenings. Lack lustering ending, not even a proper end cut scene. In the end I was like ""this is it!?"" Not worth the price they are asking."
76561198037284047,Recommended,281610,24957527,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MotokoV2,"Damnit why can't the story go on ...Best RTS story I have played in years, especially since I was a homeworld 1,2 fankid.Anyways Loved it! skirmish time now :)"
76561198038985881,Recommended,281610,20738746,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,deano,awesome game worth every pennyAI seems a little dumb and not many maps but a couple of updatesand people starting to mod the game and its gonna get much more intresting.more of a campaign player so if that had been longer would of been greatfelt as tho i got through it to fast.Cut scenes are greatHW3 now please back in space or back on a planet just keep the HW games alive
,Recommended,281610,22048935,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,"Casual Male, Extra Large","Homoworld: DoK is one of the best RTS' to come out in recent memory. It's incredibly atmospheric and has arguably the strongest sound design and art direction in the past 10 years.The campaign - while not as challenging as previous iterations of Homoworld - captures the feeling of the franchise and looks amazing.Multiplayer is a hoot & a half, with Paper-Scissor-Rock RTS gameplay mixed with the tactical maneuvering that comes with fleet combat. The MP player-base is small, but everyone is really friendly in providing tips and helping new players learn then came so they can hold their own in MP matches.If you're a fan of RTS games, like getting stuck in with an atmospheric game, or looking to try something different from your usual gamer tastes, Homoworld: Deserts of Kharak has what you're looking for. Add your boy Causal Male, Extra Large on steam and let's play some Multplayer friend!"
76561198088986912,Recommended,281610,20674540,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,nathansbiz,I played the original like so many here.  deserts of kharak has many attributes from the orignal.  But it also has some great new features.  i love that the mother ship/ carrier is now a combat unit that can hold its own.  i love the air units.. although there appears to be some bug where they have a hard time landing.  overall this has been a lot of fun... I really hope they expand it some how.
,Not Recommended,281610,20708380,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,vegard,"Buggy as all hell. It refused to let me finish one mission as there was an enemy stuck in the sand and my troops would not fire on it. All saves from that level had the same bug so I tried going back and completing the previous level again first, this time the game refused to unlock the strike planes duing the mission and wouldn't progress for no apparent reason.The art direction is nice and the movable base element is a nice touch but the bugs ruined it for me."
,Recommended,281610,22016904,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Claw,"Deserts of Kharak is probably one of the best RTS games I've ever played. You woudn't think the Homeworld formula would survive the transition from space to land, but somehow BBI pulled it off. What's left is an ingenious mix of Homewords 1 and 2, Ground Control, and some SupCom. This is defintely a great Multiplayer RTS.Combat has some rock paper scisors elements, but empthasises micro. Almost every unit has a special ability, which if used correctly can greatly augment its ability to do damage, take it, or support other units. Managing your fleet over the course of an engagement is a rapid fire exercise in getting your positioning right to ensure your damage potential is maxed, managing said abilities, deciding which tech to pursue, and reacting to the enemy. Central to all this is your Carrier. IMHO the DOK Carriers are the best 'player' unit I've ever seen in a game. Not only do they manage research and production like the HW Mothership, they're also an extremely viable combat unit if upgraded throughout a match and paired with a good support fleet. They also act as a resource dropoff and the hangar for your air force, so positioning them is critical as well, in fact you'll probably roam your carrier quite a bit. It's always a sign of a fun and even DOK match when you can end with a carrier showdown. Or with careful placement of artillery and railguns you can snipe them from range, but this requires time and resources.Singleplayer is good. The story is well told and the cutscene art is beautiful, but it's short. If you're familiar with HW lore or at least the first game, you'll enjoy it. If not, then some of the impact of events can be confusing. The Expedition guide (sold as DLC) can expand on the lore greatly, but I'd only reccomend that for diehard fans who love the fluff. Other than that, there's skirmish with the AI. AI got patched recently so that it's not just a poor cheating system, so that can be a good introduction to gameplay. Skirmishing has questionable longevity though.Let's talk other content: The number of maps has gone up since launch, but there is still only 1 3v3 map. If you're playing MP, most of your matches will be on it. BBI is working on new maps and other content, but until that changes don't buy if you like map variety. I can live with it because I love the gameplay, but YMMV. There are 2 factions: Coalition and Gaalsien. Coalition are hard hitting, Gaalsien are fast and can build units quicker since they use crusiers for production. Both are fun to play, but most people play Coalition. Both have different versions of similar units, all with different abilities. There's also the Soban fleet pack now, which is based on the Coalition, and a potential future pack which could be  Gaalsien based. Finally, you can't rebind keys, which may be a deal breaker for some (theres talk about fixing that, however).Overall, I'd reccomend DOK to anyone looking for an RTS that differs from the usual formula. If you like Homeworld, you've probably already bought DOK. The community isn't large, but there are more than enough people who play regularly to get a full match going. I've had immense amounts of fun with the game as it is, more than enough to justify the purchase, and future patches and expansions will only make the game better! But if you're still worried about the amount of maps or any missing features (Spectating, Keybinding, Etc.), I'd reccomend keeping an eye on the game and holding off for a future sale.If you love RTS, you owe it to yourself to go carrier hunting sometime in your life!"
,Recommended,281610,27512349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sivis,"It is a great RTS with deep lore, good gameplay and nice graphics."
,Recommended,281610,20711323,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Darth Biomech,"It is definetely a Homeworld game. Fun, challenging and rich with plot."
,Recommended,281610,31910032,Posted: 22 May,all,Little Z,"Not as bad as people are saying... I didn't get any bugs or anything on my playthrough, but the campaign was solid. Not much to do after that, but if you like homeworld, it surprisingly keeps that feel quite well. The lore it adds is pretty good too if you ask me. I recommend if deeply discounted. I enjoyed it, but regret paying the price I did."
76561198047507975,Recommended,281610,20655640,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kragle,"How Homeworld Deserts of Kharak Solved StarcraftIt's becoming more difficult to spot a really good game. Some studios have such sprawling resources and can afford to crank such incredible amounts of content into a game that it's easy to overlook quality in the absense of quantity. I think this is abundantly the case with Homeworld: Deserts, which seems to get a bad wrap for a short campaign and a comparably thin assortment of units. I can't say with any certainty that I would have given it a fair chance myself if not for the fact that Homeworld and I go way, way back. But I've enjoyed it immensely well after 100 hours in, and the best way I can think of to explain why is to compare the game with the analogue in RTS that I know the most about: Starcraft... or perhaps more specifically, Starcraft II.I've already harped on the thing that puts Deserts at a disadvantage to Starcraft - it simply doesn't have as much content. There are 4 factions in the game now, 2 of which are DLC, but besides that it is tough to in any way construe that there is more of anything in Deserts than there is in Starcraft. Of course, what I really want to focus on are the things that Deserts has done that more than make up for this. In order to do that I'm going to have to point out some of what I consider to be major weaknesses (or developer blindspots) of Starcraft II:1. ""The Death Ball""This term is probably ubiquitous among people who have played Starcraft II, and likely many others among the ground-based RTS genre. It's that tendency for your army to get hodge-podged into a non-descript blob of units all occupying the exact same point on the map. Starcraft has great capacity for micro-management, but anyone I've ever seen get into the late-game ends up with a blob... and ususally what decides the game is both players sending their blobs at each other and seeing whose comes out on top. Top-tier people may know how to avoid this, but admittedly that's not me. It's incredibly easy to get roped into Death Ball tactics in Starcraft for two reasons that I can see... first, that the collision meshes seem to be so supportive of it with many, many units, and secondly, that there really isn't much insentive to learn how to keep your units spread out. If anything the opposite is true... Starcraft units take up a lot of screenspace and the units in general don't have the attack range to make up for it, meaning that in order to get everything into weapons range, they almost have to be clustered, especially with all the RAMPS in the game. Now the flipside... Deserts. This game WILL teach you to array your forces in logical patterns rather than keeping them all so tightly pressed together that no one - not even you - are really all that sure what you're lobbing into the fray. Major reasons why: 1. SERIOUS AOE, 2. ranged units. As to the area-of-effect, sure there are some weapons like this in Starcraft, but they are slaps on the wrist in comparison to the ones in Deserts. If you had all of your things in tight formation and you come across an enemy gunship, artillery cruiser, or Honor Guard cruiser, it will in all likelyhood be too late for you to do anything but regret your decision, because their AOE damage is both devastating and wide enough to punch whole armies at a time. Starcraft AOE usually only punched widely enough to damage a couple of units unless the targets in question were extremely small, and few punched with the ferocity of Deserts AOE. Then you have your ranged units. Range is serious business in Deserts, with some units being able to reach considerably farther than the size of your screen in top-down view. But the premier ranged unit - Rail Guns - are so incredibly fragile that merely parking tanks in their midst is usually not enough to avoid taking losses. You want tanks or light attack vehicles out in front where they can sweep would-be counter attacks, and moreover, you NEED them there, because the sensors range of rail guns doesn't even begin to reveal the distance that they are able to shoot. Ranged units are only at their best when they have a line of forward units to spot for them. And because of the various iterations of AOE mentioned earlier (many are ranged attacks as well), you're even better advised to deploy your ranged units with a wide berth from each other. The result is intense micro and positional tactics, both of which are reinforced by several other game mechanics as well.2. ScaleStarcraft is sufficiently fun that it's easy to forgive their wildly impressionistic and cartoonish sense of scale. If they didn't have the incredible cutscenes to remind you of the real size of things you might never think of it. But the thing that's impressive by contrast about Deserts is that it proves there is no need to fudge size and physics to have a good strategy game. Your production vessels are actually capable of nesting the units they build and you get to see them come down exit ramps/landing strips and everything. This concrete sense of scale and adherence to physics (you will see great execution of physics in hit effects and pathing [watching a baserunner make a reverse two-point turn is a thing of beauty]) makes you feel like you're conducting real battles rather than just abstractions of them; you're assured that the cutscene world (which is actually the more impressionistic of the two) and the gameplay world are one and the same.3. Chokepoints and TerrainI mentioned SC ramps eariler. Choke points are one thing... SC's ramps keep you down to like 2 units astride. This is but another thing that causes the game to always gravitate toward a Death Ball (or in this case, kind of a Death Snake(?) I guess). And these ramps are everywhere. I can't even think of a map where your base is not on a raised platform or in a valley or in some spot reached only by ramp. This is getting stuck in your ways. Deserts started out with a very narrow assortment of maps, but it has grown into a wonderful selection, and each is a distinct experience in some way... they all manage to create their own challenges. Rather than always giving you the benefit of a chokepoint entry to your base, Deserts has all kinds of starting locations, including some that give substantial advantage to the attacker. Terrain is much more dynamic in general and their are gradations in topography rather than walls everywhere (there are walls too, but bear with me). These wispy hills are a major part of the gameplay, as height can afford an attacker greater DPS (""I have the high ground!""). More importantly, units behind hills lose line-of-sight and can't shoot units on the other side (unless they are artillery ships). This allows the game to create a seemingly endless array of challenges and experiences by simply playing with the shape of the map. Using the terrain to your advantage can be absolutely huge and is a considerably more gradated art of strategy than in SC.4. AtmosphereNo review of Deserts would be complete without mention of this aspect. The music, while not the best in the series, dynamically shifts based on what is happening at any given moment, becoming ambient in moments of respite and urgent during battles, and this happens seemlessly enough that you often don't notice... it's the best execution of dynamic game music that I've ever heard. The sound effects are great and filtered magnificently to reinforce the idea that you're viewing the battle from a considerable distance, as you often are. Of course if you have the camera in tight (and you are easily able to do this), sounds seem more clear and present as well. The designs of the craft are outstanding in general... they convey a sense of real-world utilitarianism and never get overly 'sci-fi-magicy'.  All these elements together are exceptionallycohesive.Out of typing space. But in conclusion: even in the long and rich tradition of Dune-Buggy-Prequels, this game is a standout!"
76561198006768977,Not Recommended,281610,24536855,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,doccae,BUY: maybe for 10$ or belowPROS:- Nice Graphics- Good AthmosphereCONS:- Low Depth of Game- Few Units- not even close to Homeworld's tactical challenge
,Recommended,281610,20820025,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,PsyonicReaver,"I've played alot of RTS games and this brings back good Homeworld meories. Is this as fast paced as Starcraft? No, but that is okay. I like the overall slower pace.As for the maps and AI concerns. Devs are already on it and coming out with a patch soon. The community is active in finding and squashing any bugs that slipped through. The Devs are VERY active and open on the discord channel which a link can be found on the homeworld reddit.Devs are involved and they want the game to go far.The single player is awesome. Vs AI is lacking but that will get patched. Multiplayer is new and exciting. Don't get frustrated if/when you lose. Learn and move on. Just like in any other RTS. You won't be a GOD at the game until you learn game by game how to be a proper Commander."
76561198095420194,Recommended,281610,26480586,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Sgt_Poison95,"Played it, Loved it.Didn't regret it, Campaign alone was fun to play.Pro's-StorytellingAtmosphereGraphic Quality (Highest Settings)Planning and Strategic combatTerrain ACTUALLY makes a differenceExplosions look amaaaaaazing!!Soundtrack is on pointCon's-Limited Multiplayer due to a sadly low Player baseHaven't taken a crack at skirmish yet but definitely eager to try it out.So I'd definitely recommend this to anyone that enjoys a good story and tense RTS action."
,Not Recommended,281610,34908837,Posted: 12 September,all,HattedSandwich,"I've repeatedly tried to get sucked into this game over the years but everytime I pick it up, I remember what made me put it down. There's just something special missing from this game, that special something that made HW 1, Cataclysm, and even 2 so captivating. I'm sure that for me at least it has a lot to do with the vehicle designs. I loved how varied and exotic some of the ships were in the series, with form taking a pretty large precedent over function. DoK is inundated with very generic looking and forgettable unit designs, and they just are not satisfying to command or spectate in battle. I can understand this is partly due to the ground setting (the types of vehicles used that is) but the unoriginality in their aesthetics is so boring. That's what strikes me most: this game is boring. The AI can be routed with ease and forced into submission with simple tactics, and I never feel a real sense of challenge from the campaign. I honestly would only recommend picking DoK up on deep discount, and as a huge fan of the prior games please set your expectations a little lower."
76561198065771457,Not Recommended,281610,21469827,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hecatone,"The game is really pretty but that's where it ends. There are only 2 playable factions and 6 skirmish maps. The AI just swarms you, there isn't much more to it than that. The campaign is alright, but the game gets boring quickly.The game is deficient in nearly every way."
76561197970664493,Recommended,281610,22123454,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sno,"Although this game falls short when it comes to multiplayer because of the lack of maps and factions to play, it still holds up against other RTS games. The storyline is great and the multiplayer can get pretty intense and is just as fun as Homeworld: Remastered. The battles can last a decent amount of time and the AI loves to keep rushing you with small attack groups.You have to pick this up if you're an RTS fan and also Homeworld: Remastered if you don't have it already.It started with two playable factions and they have just added another with a very affordable DLC. I would expect more to come really soon."
,Recommended,281610,22756020,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,hellohuxley,"Although I have to agree with some negative comments I've read in the reviews, I still have to give this game a huge thumbs up as the best RTS I've played in many, many years. Maybe it's because I grew up on StarCraft and developed an obsession for sci-fi RTS games, maybe it's because I was always curious about the backstory to Homeworld 1 and 2, but despite its flaws, this game was tons of fun. The only thing I'd say is wait until it's on sale, because if you're like me and really keen on the campaign, you may feel ripped off by the end of it.PROS:Great story, graphics, audio, UI, smooth and fun gameplay. Tons of fun!CONS:Normal difficulty is a cakewalk, campaign took me just under 9 hours, leaves you feeling like there should be more at the end.9/10 will play again"
76561197991328801,Recommended,281610,21655171,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,NiggaJesus,"A worthy edition to the legendary Homeworld franchise.The atmosphere is there.The pacing is there.The mechanics is there.If you enjoyed Homeworld 1, 2, and Cataclysm, you won't be disappointed by Deserts of Kharak."
76561197968128905,Recommended,281610,20813420,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Overkill,"Hi all,Have been waiting since long for a good strategy game. Have not had so much fun since Westwood ´Emperor of Dune´. Lucky that still developers and publisers exist who know how to put a game like this in the market.Pro- Great story !!- Good gameplay- Nice units- Nice detail when zooming in- Good handling- enough fast bindingsNeutralSometimes I would like to have the option to scroll a little more out for more overview.Con- have none"
,Recommended,281610,25514448,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Concordion2k,"I highly enjoyed Deserts of Kharak. I'm a big Homeworld fan, and while I'm still holding out for another space-paced 3D RTS from the good folks at BBI (which is comprised of original Homeworld devs), DoK provides an excellent story. It's a prequel game to Homeworld, and describes the events leading up to the discovery of the Khar-toba.The game was built in Unity, and it shows. Graphics are a little janky at times, but I can overlook that. The campaign, to me, was thoroughly enjoyable, as are multiplayer matches with my close buddies.This is a solid pick if you love RTS games. And if you're new to Homeworld, go buy Homeworld: Remastered Collection!"
76561197985942043,Recommended,281610,24022311,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lux,"+ Great, Homeworld atmosphere+ Beautifull graphics, sand dunes, desert, great soundtrack, cool units, cool combat+ ok story- small number of units- only 13 SP missions (although I needed 15 hours on normal to complete them)- its easy, not challenging (on normal), AI is weak- full price is not worth it (50% discounted is just right)I really enjoyed it, hope we get a sequel or another game in this sand universe.Good job Blackbird! :)"
,Recommended,281610,21937069,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,bxM,"game's awesome - the only thing i don't like is the 125 unit limit and the bad AI, but other than that this game's the great, especially with friendsupdated review: after spending almost 30 hours in this game i've already started to feel bored with it. since the online community is so small, there's not a lot of people playing, and playing against the AI even on hard gets boring after a few skirmishes. i love this game and i'd love to have seen it thrive a little better than it has... but the great gameplay dies down after a while."
76561198315440522,Recommended,281610,30839488,Posted: 30 March,all,freaky.ashes,"""Homeworld: DoK is a good time"", that's the perfect description to grant it with. It doesn't really break any new grounds, it isn't a masterpiece by any means, it's a good time... And that's absolutely fine. I liked it mostly because I feel very nostalgic for the Dune series (Emperor especially, Tribute to Evil is like the best song ever \m/ David Arkenstone, I salute you!). Another reason for my positivity towards the game: the idea of having a mobile aircraft carrier base intrigues me. Let's face it: old school RTS games have always been a bit of a drag, building the base every single mission is a chore at best. Here however, you take your base with you. Genius! The story is engaging enough as well, full of drama and intrigue to keep one's interest stimulated at all times.Now for the bad parts. The game runs like a*s, even on my extremely powerful hardware. The AI is dumb as all f**k. It also takes you ages to get anywhere, the carrier especially, because pretty much all units run at a snail's pace. The latter is the reason that I have 17 hours on my counter for finishing the campaign alone, that and I'm also a greedy b***h that wanted to collect all the resources in her way, but that's how I roll. The graphics are extremely dated, but at least the locations are always varied and interesting despite the game being set on a desert planet.In conclusion: definitely worth it, especially on sale. I'll be playing the Homeworld remaster next, how in the world have I missed the games when they were first released? A forever mystery."
76561198052471232,Recommended,281610,31579183,Posted: 6 May,all,brutaldeluxe09,"I liked this game alot, the audio and visual work is fantastic and the story is delivered with a mature tone. As with most RTS games the gameplay can sometimes be a little bit fiddly, but it's very enjoyable regardless. The campaign can sometimes seem a little too prescriptive in places though that wasn't an issue for me personally. If I had to make critiscm it would be aimed at the control scheme, which you cannot map yourself and the camera angle seems very shallow in the main view, meaning that I end up spending most of my time in the map view, where you can still control your feelt and issue commands. I've never played the original Homeworld games but I'll definalty be playing them both after this."
,Not Recommended,281610,24667990,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,2nd SUP or Failgame,"This game in it's current state I can not reccomend under any citcumstances for a price of 45€!Why?It does not meet the standards of modern RTS games in any way. Let me give you a list of missing features that make this game absolutely annoying:-- first and foremost, no remappable keys!! I gather from the forum these have been requested like 5 month ago and not implemented yet. This is MOST BASIC STANDARD as default controls are spread all across the keyboard and you ned like 3 hands to play the game properly.-- Not possible to skip the cutscenes. This becomes utterly annoying when you play at hard and have to replay missions...-- NO MINIMAP??? You have to toggle some sort of overview hitting space bar!-- AI is nonexistant, difference between hard/easy are just endless waves of enemies who obviously need no ressource managment.-- Also AI can pass impassable terrain. You set up a proper devensive position and then a scripted attack comes trough a Mountain behind you... just incredibly dumb!--Ingame menu is hidden on top left image, NOT on ESC button like on 99,999999% of all other games!! Who designed this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI?!-- No updates ever, as far as I have seen??-- Missions are incredibly small maps, short and easy even on hard difficulty, due the the nonexistant AI. You just need to set up long range railgun devense with several of repair and none ever comes even remotely close to you.-- very small unit variety (like only 10 diff. units) and the other faction has exactly the same ones with different names... very uncreative!pros:+ Nice graphics when you put everthing to max+ Storyline seems ok+ persistant units from mossino to mission (makes it extremely easy tho!)All in all the gaps and missing features one would expect for a game of 2016 are way too big. So I really can not recommend this game even I a really would have loved too, since there ain't many good RTS games around anymore.I guess this is the first game I will send in for refund, since I'm still below 2hrs, and I don't suppose it's getting any better from what I read in the forums.*update:======well seems you can only return games below 2hrs gameplay AND within 14 days and I'm above that. So I guess I have too keep it. Nevertheless I would not recommend to buy it unless it's like ~5€Having it played trough now I can say it's extremely short, easy, with small maps and super dumb endless scripted AI waves. They just stop once you reach the assigned goal. Bevore that wave after wave gets pured out of the enemy ships... and reked on my already elite devenders, since you take them with you from mission to mission.Graphic designers did a sweet job, programmers were lazy f*cks and completely failed in like anything... totally not worth carrying the brand ""Homeworld""They spent way too much time and effort into the 50 Steam achievements than in making a proper game for 2016.Also reading trough the comments I guess lots of them are nonsense and look like fake/bought ones to push the games status. Sadly only the negative ones really reflect the shallow and totally lacking gameplay..."
76561198133204925,Recommended,281610,31049057,Posted: 9 April,all,johnrx,I'm big fan of Homeworld games so I had to play this one. It's prequel to first Homeworld (history of this game is mention in opening cutscenes of Homeworld 1). Graphics is amazing. Music is super (again). Gameplay well it's space tactic Homeworld transfer to the surface of desert planet. The only minus is lack of active pause (would be to easy with it?). That's why You can name it rts now but without base building. Game is standard long (like previous ones). I didn't play multiplayer only few skirmishes with AI so can't say anything about it. I played this game to finish single player campaign. I was really pleased. Just after this one I played again Homeworld 1 & 2 (Remastered version this time).
76561198065707173,Not Recommended,281610,32853680,Posted: 27 June,all,TundraStar,"Absolutely love the original Homeworld games. Those two are some of the best games I have ever played. Deserts of Kharak was therefore a game that I had been looking forward to for a long time! After playing the tutorial and the two first missions I must say that it didnt live up to the hype! It looks good and the storyline is intriguing, although you dont get much of a backstory served only that the Galeesi, your enemy, is superpowerful and you are near extinction.The main problem here is that its a superfast RTS game and the controls are so bad. Thats not a good combination. The cameracontrol is terribly executed. You cant even change the keyboard setup which would have saved it some. In the first mission i lost all my newly built units because of poor controls. You have to be smart in this game and use your unit strengths and the terrain to your advantage, but that is impossible when the enemy is closing from all sides and you feel you cant control the game fast enough. Its frustrating. Frustrating enough that I stopped playing it!"
76561198120548752,Recommended,281610,31718756,Posted: 13 May,all,Ike Kono,Reminds me of the old Dune games but with a more modern feel.
,Recommended,281610,20709122,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,warriorscot,"Totally brilliant, not perfect by any means, but very enjoyable. A good old fashioned homeworld story, great visuals and audio and a compelling narrative make it a lovely way to spend a day or two.If I was going to criticise I would say it's nuts and bolts are somewhat lacking, I wouldn't have complained if this was a couple of years after homeworld 2 came out, but it's not and all the bugs and not quite there yet features just aren't as acceptable. One notably annoying missing feature is the lack of formations and positioning that was in homeworld and would have made a big difference in a land based strategy game. And the UI while joyfully reminiscent of the original could have done with a bit more updating and making it really pop and could do with better group management tools to let palyers access abilities easier, that being said it doesn't really get in the way too much so that is a plus.The balance is ok, very homeworld 2 rather than 1, it would have been nicer to have a bit more nuance rather than the simplistic rock paper scissors that leave you mashing cruisers at the end. The best of the old homeworld mods that kept the game alive all added depth and complexity making even smaller units useful all the way through the game. It would have been nice for the devs to take some of that onboard with the new game.Overall its well worth a buy on it's own merit, better than any of the RTS games last year other than the homeworld remasters. I'm pretty happy with it as I would have bought it anyway just to increase the chances we get a third homeworld game, that it's actualy fun is a real plus."
76561198067936673,Recommended,281610,20709372,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Niizuki,"If you are going to buy this game already knowing you will not play MP, expect to be dissapointed, because even though overall story is great, gameplay itself is, as in almost any strategy, quite boring, and instead go play some other AAA sci-fi tactical strategy game... oh wait, there is none (excluding Star Craft, but there is a good chance you already played and finished this game).If you are going to buy this game and play it in MP, it will knock your socks off. You can also ignore about 90 percent of negative reviews, most of them criticize SP.It is on opposite end from most of current strategy games, and requires very little micro and feels overally epic, which is great change.I think there are quite a few things that needs fixing, for instance bombers not dropping their payload, sometimes units refuse firing (mostly when dealing with artillery, so it might be minimum range, in that case, please indicate), but all theese things can (and i hope will) be fixed, so in a few month this will not be viable complaint."
76561197975732248,Not Recommended,281610,21280811,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,iThrud,"Could have been a great rts, the campaign is very short, and quite good. But it is too short.Multiplayer is a boring mess. Recent patch to address region locking is a good step in the right direction though.All in all, I can't say get it until its dropped in price. Its not worth the full price."
76561197993262858,Not Recommended,281610,20704816,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,RickyBobby,"I really want to like this game and it appears to have a lot of potential but it is just too difficult to get past the horrible camera.  It is extremely limited and will not let you get a decent view of your immediate area.  Perhaps some other RTS's have spoiled me but I find it irritating enough to not play the game for now.  Hopefully either a patch will change this or someone will mod the camera.  I would gladly sacrifice some visual quality for the ability to see what the hell is going on around me.  There is also no minimap to help you.  There is however a ""radar"" mode but it is more like playing an RTS on a with just a few lines and squiggles.  For now it is going to be uninstalled."
76561198006657755,Recommended,281610,20817556,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jackyboy,"This game rocks! It's kinda like a mix of Dune, Homeworld and Ground Control. There is no 3D movement like in HW but everything else is there. Much like Ground Control terrain plays a major role and.... you don't know what I'm talking about, do you?Look if you like real time tactics and strategy buy Homeworld, buy Ground Control and buy this game. It may kill your marriage, your career and your social life but it will all be worth it. Trust me."
76561197972331716,Not Recommended,281610,20754517,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Genarus,I do not recommend this at all for the price of the game there is NO WHERE NEAR ENOUGH content for the price. Cities skylines was like $30 and had $60 worth of content for this i would pay $30 no more. Now to give out the pros and the cons.Pros:1. They kept to the old ways of Homeworld story telling if not better in the animated art so kudos to that2. I like the concept of ground RTS different for homeworld Space 3d play3. Graphics about the same if not better than homeworld 2 remastered4. Great sound quality and music score for the desert enviroment not to mention a lot of voice chatter which makes it more lively.Cons:1. Styory is nice and all but still feels as though they are lacking depth to it even though if you have played the past homeworld you know the future outcome but there is not much telling of the history or about what goes on much.2. Content Biggest peice right here. Lack of unit types and use of said units. The coalition seems to have fewer units than the oposition and lack futher potential of other units. You notice if you get this the main units you will mainly use are armored assault units and rails mainly combined with air units and thats it. Railguns are really the most affective against everything except lack armor and affectivness against light combat units3. Campaign is short if played correctly seen people beat it less than the time it took me which was roughly 8 hrs. Won't spoil what happens but mainly just grinding through enemy forces.4. Higher ground includes Defense bonus too? higher ground grants damage bonus but should not in any way grant a armor bonus if anything should be less since you are a bigger target.5. Lack of multiplayer maps to 5? Really you launch the game that is a RTS with only 5 maps?6. Hud interface of Old homeworld to ground RTS bad match up why? the game controls and hud set-up is great for the space one and using arrows is good for that but would recommend WASD for scrolling on a ground rts. This makes the game a bit more difficult to play with this kind of interface for a ground rts not to mention having the right mouse button to pan the camera everywhere can get annoying when sometimes it gets stuck.7. Cannot skip a cutscene in game at all everytime i am in the mist of doing something cutscene happens and i lose units or have no control which is very frustrating in a campaign mission.8. Controling air-units is abysmal. Why? because you cannot have them all fly to one location to select them all because once they get there and there is no target they auto-return to land then you have to wait until they land and re-launch. This makes them rather difficult to control and grabing them while on the move can be hard sometimes exspecially if you don't want to grab other units while your at it.9. Gaalsien have a better tactical and more diverse units than the coalition hands down campaign and multiplayer which makes it unbalanced.Now don't get me wrong but the Concept of it is great and all but how this was excuteted is abysmal Wish i could get my refund but steams policy says over 2hrs play and no refund but if it was gamestop they would let you beat the game and bring it back and get full refund so thats a shock right there.I have played the past 3 homeworld games and yes there is 3 and this by far is the worst of them. If you really want this game i would suggest waiting until they drop the price because it is not worth $50.
76561197983046545,Recommended,281610,20769317,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Rarre,Muy bueno RTS muy bonito y divertidojoin us for MPhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/sajuukslegacy
76561198031533129,Not Recommended,281610,21974671,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Twelve,"been 3 months since release and still abismal performance, really ruined the game for me, i was lucky to get 40fps in firefights..fx835016gb ram2xgtx970ssdif you have a rig like mine be ready to ask for a refund, unfortunalty i stuck with hoping for a fix but BBI seem to have no idea what the issue is..very disapointed."
,Recommended,281610,20658719,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jachymor,"A beautiful looker for an RTS with solid mechanics and balanced Rock-Paper-Scissor-mechanics. Some flaws remain though , which are a matter of personal preferences and taste.On the good side:Balanced factions, meaningful units, beautiful terrain (even though its mainly dessert), great explosions. Good for beginners and intermediates alike.On the bad side:Lackluster amount of maps, too much handholding in the campaign, minor bugs and unpleasentries.Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is actually a good game. However, it seems to lack in content where it really matters: The campaign and the multiplayer maps. There are only FIVE maps, which is unacceptable for any multiplayer focused game. The campaign can be busted through rather easily, at least on normal. Not very punishing, little room to tackle problems your way and, truth be told, missions are not long enough to do experimenting or exploration. Hard to get your moneys worth on singleplayer alone, at least in this state."
76561198014076296,Not Recommended,281610,20710108,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Parallaxe,"Hello.After playing the game for a good bit I have come to the point where I have to admit that the game does not live up to to the huge expectations most people have from a homeworld game.It is a good game. A well made game.It has a very nice homeworld feeling, the devs really made an effort here.Why now a thumbs down?Like many people I find myself wishing for a neutral button right now but in the absence of one I have to choose thumbs down.The lack of real unit varity and the rather shallow tactics are my major negative points.The missing pause function is ( if you ask me) a really stupid design decision.The main problem is that the pure awesome feeling of drifting spcae hulks and massive explosions, flickering laser light and the depressing emptiness of space is missing.It is a nice rts, it makes many things right. But it misses epic by a good mile."
,Recommended,281610,21836446,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,-{RAGE}- FoxtrotOneSix,"My opinion of Deserts of Kharak as of 3/14/16 (subject to change).Pros:Engrossing story (particularly when placed into the context of the Homeworld mythos).Straight-forward 'rock-paper-scissors' gameplay with options for more advanced combined arms tactics.Cons:Price ($50 was a bit much for this title, might have given it a pass if I had acted early on and gotten it for the Homeworld: Remastered purchasers price).Length of the single-player campaign felt very short, hopefully multiplayer will make up for it.Addendum:  A solid addition to the Homeworld series and hopefully a sign of more to follow."
,Recommended,281610,20659130,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,iWaNN,"Old good ""Homeworld"" ! If you like classic ""Homeworld"" you will like this game too. Even without third space new ""Homeworld"" is the good classic RTS game with gameplay elements from its precursor."
,Recommended,281610,20761084,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,WeMustKungFuFight!,"Fills every expectation of a homeworld game. Great story, surprisingly pretty legos, and the best sound engineering available. Deserts of Kharak has the best audio by far, and the previous games were magnificent. A few hitches here and there (brand new title just needs optimizations) but no crashes, no problems, and runs great on my barely middle of the road PC specs.BBI hit a home run as far as I'm concerned and I'm already waiting for a sequel. And a space one. and a space sequel.Basically steam needs more homeworld.Make it happen gentlemen."
,Recommended,281610,33802946,Posted: 26 July,all,Krazyhorse,"Worth playing if you're a RTS fan or a fan of Homeworld.Likes:- Good art style, especially for the cut scenes- Music is great, really builds the atmosphere- I felt there was enough unit variety and that all units actually were used.- Storywise it served as a good prequel to Homeworld. The voice acting was great.- The campaign was challenging on the hardest setting but not so hard that it was just frustratingDislikes:- Desert, but to be fair the game is about the desert. They did have some variety.- Wished campaign had covered a bit more backstory- No auto resource gather at the end of levels (level just ends no option to continue)- Ending felt abrupt"
,Not Recommended,281610,20659663,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kosh800,"First of all I will preface this by saying I love all the Homeworld games and bought/played them when they first released all those many years ago.  I also own the remastered editions and enjoy those as well.  I also wish this review system allowed more than just a Up or Down ... but since it does I have to give it a Down because I WOULDN'T recommend this game for its full price.So let's start off with the good.  The graphics are great.  They aren't taxing or mind-blowingly realistic, but for Homeworld they really fit.  The cinematics in the game fit well, and are a step up from the previous games.  They feature actual animation and fit in very well to the atmosphere of the game and the setting.  The music is very solid and has the normal Homeworld vibe to it.  The Rock/Paper/Scissor system used for the units is a bit standard but at the same time the units offer some more advanced options for abilities that allows greater strategic uses of unit.  Nothing crazy in-depth or complicated, but enough that you can do things like hit and run with some units.  The amount of units comes off as a bit limited at first but eventually you unlock a few more through gameplay, very similar to the other Homeworld games.  The carriers themselves are great additions to the game.  They're more than just your base of operations, they are slowly moving super units in and of themselves.  There's a system for changing up what you want your carrier to do by diverting limited power to weapons or repair systems, ect.  Still, it's a nice change from Homeworld where the mothership was little more than an anchor around your fleet's legs.So why the ""No"" recommendation?  Sadly it comes down to the amount of playability I got out of it.  For $50 I kind of expected more than a 9 hour campaign.  Now I know you can play multiplayer but that's not really my thing.  I bought this game today and finished it by tonight.  I didn't rush through anything, either.  I'm fairly meticulous when it comes to the Homeworld games, to the point that I NEED to get every resource before I leave to the next level.  So my 9 hours could quite easily be closer to 7 for the non-OCD types.The game was great except for that.  I enjoyed the story, although I already knew the end (duh) and it was a bit predictable.  There just wasn't enough meat in this sandwich to garner the $50 tag.TL;DR:  I recommend putting this on your wishlist for a sale.  I'd say a $25 to $30 price point is fair for this game.  I'll amend my review if it comes out with more content, but I really doubt that's going to happen."
76561197970618145,Recommended,281610,20647540,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Celebro,"Like it so far , great scenery, good and easy to understand tutorial. I do like the voice acting and really imersive experience overall. Controls are a tad hard to get used to but not bad at all. AA is a bit off, but overall feels like Homeworld on ground.Nice job!!!"
76561197972446573,Recommended,281610,21342305,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Azrell,"Great game with wonderful story. I would have been better if it was its own IP and not connected to Homeworld however.Should you play the game?Yes, the storyline and single player are what these games are all about.Should you play this game for the Multiplayer?No, the game mechanics are smooth and well done but build up slow and dont make for a great 45 min match."
,Recommended,281610,29570129,Posted: 29 January,all,LA,"As a 20 year Homeworld veteran, I have been delighted with this game.  It feels immediately familiar to me, and yet has a new sci-fi ""desert navy"" homeworld presentation.  This has easily become one of my very favorite RTS titles."
76561198017015210,Recommended,281610,20718995,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,sps_sy,"Come on, just tell me how much we need to paid before we can play HW3+Great homeworld style music+Great story+Great cutscene&voice acting+Good singleplayer campaign+Good gameplay-Some balance problem in the late part of game (anyone know how to counter cruiser using small units? At least no one will teach you in the game)"
76561197967967806,Recommended,281610,20925853,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Maxwell,"Surprisingly good.Didn't expect much after the last couple games published by gearbox, but I'm too much of a consumer ♥♥♥♥♥ to not buy something with the homeworld brand and art style. I didn't think the story would work well, given what we knew from the homeworld 1 manual, etc, and the plot retcons between 1 and 2, but they definately pulled it off.Gameplay-wise, it's a nice translation of the mechanics of the older homeworld games to a 2d plane. outside of some little turrets and sensor posts, there are no structures, everything is built, upgraded, lauched, etc. from a vehicle. Units now have toggleable abilities, which I'm not actively opposed to. It's more micromanagement, but clever use of them can  make a huge difference I'm sure.The art direction is rock solid. The Galsians, especially, look fantastic. The environments are as grand as you'd expect from a homeworld game, even if they're on the ground. The sound and music fit well too.It's kind of weird that they have cool mythical sounding place names for every dang mountain and valley and sand dune when they've never been there and probably only have known about them since they launched a satellite to map the planet.Anyway, it's bretty good, would buy again."
,Not Recommended,281610,20708013,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Deaf3279,"If I could check netural between yes and no. I would click that. But, It forced me to choice one, so... I would never recommend friend for this game. But If they want it, go for it. It's good game. But... are you kidding? Classic Difficulty? It's VERY easy game. I was able finish campain with Classic Difficulty at 4 hour of game."
76561197970389264,Not Recommended,281610,21980985,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,ko,"Stay away from this unfinished, buggy game where patches make things so much worse.The performance is abysmal even on fairly powerful hardware. I get a nice 60 fps on my i7-4770k, 16 GB RAM and ASUS 980 Strix. But... yes there's a big ""but""... I get frequent stutters and other annoyances like the camera refusing to zoom in/out at times. All the signs of a pile of unoptimized code rushed out the door.The game's nice visuals, audio and atmosphere is ruined by technical incompetence on every thinkable level.The latest patch wiped out my save games and persistent fleet data. How much more insult can you throw at your customers? How much incompetence can you willingly put out for the world to see?"
,Not Recommended,281610,22014710,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Chareon,"Are you interested in the story from this game? Then you'll enjoy it. Otherwise I can't recommend it due to a number of poor decisions made by the devs including the inability to rebind your keys (in this day and age, seriously?!), with a terrible default keyboard layout."
76561198004998384,Recommended,281610,20654132,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Spawn,"I've just only started by reading this wonderful expedition guide, and I'm just... wow ok?Seriously I have to finish this thing before I start, because you've done such an amazing job with the little details about Karak, and I LOVE that you show how they knew they were strangers on this planet. Classifying themselves and few other species as ""abnormal"" since they didn't fit into any of the planets natural biomes or fossil records.Making the planet old and dying is the perfect setup for Homeworld 1. Makes perfect sense why they would have so many people in the sky ready to go, and why the entire focus was on this massive mothership that could take millions of people across the galaxsy.The Taiidan threw us on random planet in the middle of nowhere, and they probably knew it was going to die soon! wowLoving the politics too!I just got through the Making Of content, and the first few sections of the guide.... as a huge fan of this series, proud owner of the recent collector’s edition I love it. You nailed it!I'm sure the actual game is pretty sweet too!"
,Not Recommended,281610,33480514,Posted: 12 July,all,Lurch,"This game isn't worth the $50 price tag, but if it goes on sale it is worth the buy (especially if you're a fan of the Homeworld games.)"
76561197991834906,Recommended,281610,32988900,Posted: 29 June,all,feedthemanmuffinz,"I am new to Homeworld, and the first thing I'd like to say is that I love this title. Some will say that it is slow and boring, I would disagree. First off the voice acting is amazing. Yes the gamplay can feel slow but it's slow like it is in Total War. In addition, I am an RTS lover; for example I beat all three campaigns for Star Craft 2 on brutal. This doesn't play like Star Craft, but it is just as streamlined. This is a game that has some downtime, but like in the Total War series if you squander that time you'll end up losing the battle. If you are playing on classic I believe it does offer a solid challenge and waves of enemies that relentlessly attack you. Because of this, the gameplay perfectly melds into the story. Because of this, the gamplay perfectly melds into the story. If you are a fan of any RTS this is a must buy."
,Recommended,281610,20648223,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pandy,"""I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere."" - Anakin S'Jet"
76561197973249567,Recommended,281610,27908713,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaiser Konig,"Wow I just got chills playing the campaign!  Reminds me of the originals.  Radio chatter is beautiful, creates a sense of panic in battle.  Very mysterious setting.  Love it!"
76561198037472299,Not Recommended,281610,31629810,Posted: 8 May,all,Shiny Games,Wasted more than an hour because of a bug in the 4th mission (Kalash Site).  The bug has been known for more than a year and has gone unfixed.  I could play around it by restarting the mission but I have no faith that the rest of the game wouldn't have similar problems.  Otherwise seems like a fun game.
76561197981159678,Recommended,281610,22238640,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dr Strangelove,"It was always going to be a tough act to follow the massively successful Homeworld franchise yet Deserts of Kharak copes admirably. Set on Kharak - the HW series planet of origin, the latest installment is an excellent prequel to the events of the homeworld series. Set on the harsh desert world of Kharak, the sands of said planet are in a very odd and unexpected way interchangable with the cold vacum of space from the original games; both are hostile environments inhospitable to man. This is why Deserts works so well, it retains the feel and massive scale of the homeworld universe, the art style, the lore and backstory but fleshes it out for ground combat. Would recommend for anyone who enjoyed the original HW games or to anyone who enjoyed Dune in its many multmedia guises, similarily if anyone was thinking about buying HW remastered start instead with Deserts of Kharak, then migrate into space - the RTS equivelant of doing ME 1, ME 2 and then ME 3 and keeping the same character throughout!"
,Recommended,281610,25261753,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Siinz,Great game. One of the better RTS out there. Also the campaign poses a good challenge with standard RTS multiplayer.
,Recommended,281610,31493318,Posted: 1 May,all,redp,"An excellent and worthy follow up-prequel to the Homeworld franchise. The developers are the same -- they havd a new name -- so it's a solid game and very much in the feel of the previous games despire being a prequel. Admittedly the game doesn't take too many risks, but it's worth playing and in keeping with the classic RTS style and design."
76561198059505167,Recommended,281610,20707719,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,sorileus,"~Ground based version of the original Homeworld game.~Great graphics and overall performance at max settings.~One of the best Storys in an RTS I have seen in a long time, lots of attention to detail etc.~Great Gameplay  mechanics.~Fast learning curve, espesially for avid RTS playersThere are really only a few cons I can think of an they are pretty minor.~Game needs some Optimization in reguards to the graphics engine, slowdowns are frequent even on my FX-8370 and R9-390X with 8GB of ram all paired with a SSD.~Wished there were more missions, seemed a tad shorter then expected, none the less it was good.Other then those minor gripes I really didn't see much that bothered me while playing, they really did a fantastic job keeping the *Homeworld* feel with this game."
76561198002916840,Recommended,281610,20712559,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Amur_Tiger,"Definitely a fun game and worth the price of admission, manages to bring a remarkable amount of Homeworldlyness to a land-based game which is definitely nice although it does seem a bit forced at times.Gameplay is solid, though a touch shallow in terms of depth, the tendency towards the 'big ships steamroller' is still present and could stand to be toned down a bit in terms of the ease of aquisition. Given the 'all deserts all the time' asthetic I would have liked to see some more environmental hazards, sand storms that take big chunks of the map and reduce visibility and do some damage, steeper dunes actually having a chance of collapsing on units, wind managing to shift dunes around a bit.Graphics and sound are both excellent, they did a good job of making the desert seem visually distinct. The sound design was a lovely return to form.The campain was fun, not so short that I have any complaints and I'm certainly left wanting more time in the deserts after that."
,Recommended,281610,20704263,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,quddusbaik,"How do i say this? Well, not only not bad but it's great! Fighting enemy at ground zone? Awesome! The land carrier? Very awesome! The story were.... i love it, Animation, Art, and other.... really awesome! So, i give 10/10. Gave for me... this is the best game of RTS since from original."
,Recommended,281610,20711046,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Summercat,"When I played Homeworld 2, I was peeved at the storyline and plotholes in it, compared to the first game, Cata, and my own developed headcanon.  I was also overwhelmed with so many things, so many options, but it still felt like a Homeworld game.Deserts of Kharak also feels like a Homeworld game, but as opposed to 2, I do not feel overwhelmed with options and the need to multitask so many things, and most importantly, I am enjoying the retcons and changes to the story. ""The Clans were United, and an Expedition was Sent"", from the original opening can gloss over so much. A few changes along the timeline to make the Northern/Southern war at the same time of the Expedition really is fine by me.The unit chatter is back and better than ever, I like how the game encourages you to conserve units, and having a Concordat Cycle that helps but does not fully hinder if you get it wrong is a bonus. Terrain for combat is starting to get interesting, although I feel this system and engine would be better served if licensed and adapted to another setting that has way more map and terrain variety.I have yet to complete this game, but it's become a very nice routine thus far to play a mission or two before getting ready and departing for work. Having no interest in playing multiplayer, the weak AI complaints fall upon deaf ears here.Of course, I'm playing on the lowest difficulty and getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked at times. It's been a long while since I tried to play an RTS straight, having been over on Paradox games for the longest time. Tactical isn't my forte, Strategic is - yet Deserts of Kharak is fun and enjoyable, and unlike other games it feels like it's helping me learn how to properly use units and tactics. The missions might be getting harder, but I feel that I'm getting better as well.I don't think I've any complaints for this game at all."
76561198017681447,Recommended,281610,24050154,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"Excellent RTS with a distinct Homeworld feel, and while the campaign only has 13 missions they are all very good and require different strategies, the story is excellent and has the distinct Homeworld mythos. Multiplayer is nice and the community is friendly and welcoming. If you enjoy Homeworld games this is worth getting for your collection, if you are into RTS but with a very detailed single player story line and beautiful visuals then this may peek your interests, if none of the above maybe check out when on sale, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,281610,20697124,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,gamepa,"If you want more of Homeworld, get Deserts of Kharak.Those that are dissapointed likely expected Homeworld 3 instead of a spinoff, but apart from taking place on land Deserts of Kharak is a Homeworld game down to its very core. Same great atmosphere and music, same great vehicles, same slow persistant fleet RTS gameplay. It's so much a Homeworld game that if this game appeared in the remastered collection, I doubt many first time players could tell that it was released this year. If that sounds good to you, well you should probably buy it so we do get Homeworld 3."
76561198008501262,Recommended,281610,20691972,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SheerTorcher,"If you like RTS campaigns, buy this game. It has an excellent 13 episode player campaign with good storytelling and cutscenes, as well as challenging skirmish AI. I thoroughly enjoyed the game and I look forward to a sequel."
,Recommended,281610,20656676,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,fdYkn,"What you get:- The Homeworld feeling of being alone out there.- The Homeworld sound effects supporting that feeling and the setting.- The Homeworld soundtrack doing the same.- Homeworld style graphics (which are good but not the best).- Homeworld style cutscenes.- Most of the old Homeworld game mechanics (some are missing, for example the cool and usefull docking feature).Buy it if you like:- Homeworld- RTS- Good game music"
76561198059670126,Recommended,281610,25212855,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,bigkev411,"one of the most superior games I have ever played, great storyline almost had that last days of Krypton feeling. The action is great I never got bored at all.I hope they come out with Homeworld 3"
,Recommended,281610,22803514,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Tranthalar,"This game reminds me of Homeworld, the original one. With all of the ""what is going on?"" and the exploration and the feeling like I'm actually helping them succeed."
76561197970371516,Recommended,281610,20648584,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mavor,"Finally, a new, good looking, good playing, deep sci-fi RTS!Some of the controls I wish I could change - my only gripe, but I can overlook that.Very much Homeworld meets Ground Control. Your units are expensive and robust and thus you want to protect them - requires to you play using your brain over mindless brawn. You cannot just spam endless units to win the day, instead tactics, strategy and efficient use of a maps resources are the name of the game. Each unit has interesting little abilities and/or deployables that really add the to strategic play.And let me say this - vehicle porn - lol, the units are gorgeous to watch.  Im not ashamed to admit I lost a few battles because I was too busy watching things move, wheels turn and turrets deploy =)There is the occassional silliness of an obviously very heavy vehicle flipping end over end when going over an obstacle, but aside from my making me chuckle it doesnt seem to effect gameplay, least it hasnt for me.Also - the unit chatter, the ambient chatter - Ive never experienced something such as this in an RTS game - it feels completely alive - you can really believe all those units you're moving around have living, breathing people working inside them.My short two hours in game took me to the 4th capaign mission if I recall - and its been a very cool experience all the way.If you liked Ground Control and Homeworld, if you like RTS games, if you like the idea of a sort of psuedo Supreme Commander 'lite' (ie: no base building, but large strategic maps and terrain control, similiar play style, rock/paper/scissors style to a large degree) - you cant go wrong here.It looks great, it sounds great, the units are interesting and fun and just plain old fun to watch - I cant wait to get further in =)"
,Recommended,281610,20727041,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Inferno Dialer,"+Great art style in both cutscenes and graphics+Everything from the sound effects to the campaign plot screams Homeworld+Excellent RTS gameplay, can get really intense at times+Units have more chatter that reflects the action+Expedition guide is full of delicious fluff-Short campaign. A little too short, in fact, and is a little unsatisfying in the end-Only two factions, not ""two playable factions"" just TWO factions-Missing features from gameplay (that I feel are very important): No in-game pause and no proper way of determing how units position themselves-AI is dumb as balls, once you unlock higher-tier units you can basically steamroll enemies-Very little multiplayer mapsVerdict: Unless you're a Homeworld or RTS fan then I'd recommend staying away until they add stuff in updates or it goes on sale."
76561197970567967,Not Recommended,281610,25003224,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,rkeezy,"Thin story. They do a decent job building tension with what they have. Poor ending. Music is strong as it is in all the Homeworld franchise. I spent most of my time directing my units in sensor mode, so rarely got to view the action. Probably could have been a more strategic game if they had built in the pause button that lets you view the map and issue orders like the previous titles.Not a ton of strategy - campaign is too easy. The last missions pose some challenge but you get weapons that make countering enemy assaults trivial.All in all, a missed opportunity. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this game on anything but a heavy discount."
76561198054466501,Recommended,281610,20938503,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,bareda,"I grew up with C & C and used to play Dune when I was younger, and it's been a long time since I enjoyed myself as much as I did when playing this game.Great atmosphere where the ambient chatter in the background really helps immerse you into the role of being on a scinece/military mission, great story as well and nice pace to the game. Not to hard either if you play on normal. If you want a bigger challenge play on 3 stars."
76561198005010914,Not Recommended,281610,21257903,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,miner4niner,"Well , it is a great game. Nice story , nice graphics , it is pre Homeworld , it explains a few things from the Homeworld series ,  had a great time playing it. But it offers too little. I don't know how many hours I lost playing Homeworld. I guess i was too hyped about the game. Just a few maps for now , and the campaign gives you just a few hours of gameplay. Maybe they will add more in future DLC s ? Before buying maybe you should wait for a price drop or offers."
76561197999817699,Not Recommended,281610,33674275,Posted: 20 July,all,Jeff,"Played the campaign, not interested in multiplayer.  Too short with limited vehicle selection.  Felt unfinished."
76561198012531965,Recommended,281610,20646755,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,GHOST,"Home World DK came back with a BOOM!I remember playing the original homeworld way back 1999, and im glad that they didn't ruin the franchise. i think this game's storyline is the prequel to the original homeworld. the graphics are very nice, and i love what they did with the cinematic artwork! the gameplay is very nice! reminding me of how the original homeworld plays.homeworld fans buy it now! imo one of the best RTS atm!"
76561197978949156,Not Recommended,281610,28816426,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shifters,"I got this game during the winter sale an loved it big homeworld fan.The things that sucked was the game bug.None of them were game breaking and were small non the less but it picks at you.Not able to rebind keys was ♥♥♥♥ing dumb.The Unit AI control is pretty stupid-units wont auto attack if in guard mode-units wont sync there movements ( so the faster units die 1st)-when launching multiple strike craft it seem they bug out and only 1 out of 3 will attack leaving the other 2 just to fly around your carrier.-Strike craft wont split fire they all attack one unit (unless you control them manually which is hard to do since they move so fast.)I just really didnt like the unit controls i felt they half A$$ed it, with no formations or defend this area no nothing just Attack or guard.. and since they dont attack when on guard seems kinda dumb.I didn't like the camera at all either it was so close to the ground it was hard to command. A game trying to give the feeling of big but having the camera is so close to the ground so your vision is limited and if you use strice craft you dont even see them half the time... Like they fly at 50 feet persay well your camera is at 60 feet so you see them just for a momment.I'm pretty sure this is just cause i picked the hardest mission but I have a problem with the enemy AI they always go after the Hero Base Runner missile attacks the EMP's I spend half the game trying to keep that B!tch alive.Online seems to be a ghost town.No modsNo comments from the devsI'm kinda let down on this one I feel like i was just told Santa isn't real for the 1st time.I sighed up for the beta long ago back when it was called ""Ship Breakers"" but then this game went dark. then it was brought back to life as this horrible Igor experiment.... All I can think of is ""Shame"" ding ding ""Shame"" Ding ding ""Shame""."
76561198046013762,Recommended,281610,20675553,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,weeb~chan,"Solid massive ground RTS to the series, do recommend.(this review is focussed on the single player portion of the game because I don't give a @$% about multiplayer.)also keep in mind that this is not Homeworld 3, rather a prequel/spin off type of deal, so do not judge it as such.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ Audio and visuals. (in regards to ground RTS games)+ Story is excellent based on a rich lore+ no core flaws that make the game unplayable+ haven't encountered any bugs as of yet(your experience may vary)+ creates excellent 'athmosphere'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Story campaign is too short, (only 13 missions)"
76561198020004216,Recommended,281610,22611184,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Weimond,"Really loved the game a must have, however it lack modding support and there is one misstake that just annoy the hell out of me. It is like a slap in the face. Makes me wonder if the devs acctuly ""studied "" the story.Just find it annoying and strange to see the soban emblem on a starship when at that time kiith soban clearly didnt exist, they where created by Soban the red when his former kiith Sa allowed his ""village"" or settlement be wiped out by an other kiith during a war. Apperantelly he was embarrased and refused to follow the kiith sa that turned a blind eye to the death and crying of his fellow clan members. In the end he ripped off his former kiith colours and created his OWN kiith that ended up working as mecenaries (Kiith Soban).Unless im misstaken the Soban kiith emblem is a depicion of an skaal fa (the deadliest of predator that roams the desert of kharak) Essentially further proof that Soban didn´t exist at the when the Kushan arrived on kharak, and there is the emblem in the ending cutscene. How could they screw that detail up so badly?"
,Recommended,281610,20654595,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tergeron,"If you're in any way a fan of the Homeworld series, this game will carry with it almost all of the things you loved from previous games. It's not in a 3d space, but it carries over the art style, music, design and interface.Difficulty wasn't a cake walk, but I still managed to beat the game within 9 hours. Compared to say Homeworld which required you to accumulate large amounts of units and cheese the global supply limit by salvage, and say Homeworld 2 where you could very methodicly engage a portion of the map, mine, and rebuild before going to the next mission, HW:DoK fits somewhere inbetween and I find this to be refreshing, as I was always producing units and was never given the chance to simply max my fleet out before moving on.On that note unit production is different in that for one faction in the game all of your units are produced from your ""mothership"" with numerous production queue's. As far as I know, there is no limit to any one unit type but rather there is simply a global supply limit and you can work in any units you wish within this limit. Research seems to provide you with numerous options that exceede the amount of resources you can obtain, so researching feels more like a choice than in previous games within the series.I could describe a lot more to the game, but I find the differences to be refreshing while still feeling like a Homeworld game even without space and my beloved ion frigates. If you're a fan of Homeworld pick this up, and if you aren't but love RTS games, I'd give this game a shot. If you like this, try out the older Homeworld games and prepare to sit with the rest of us waiting for Homeworld 3."
,Recommended,281610,20653917,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kimsemus,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is a true continuation of Homeworld gameplay, even if the story takes place far before the events of Homeworld 1.Many Homeworld veterans might be concerned that battles take place on land instead of in space, however all the pieces are still there:The Mothership/Flagship is now replaced by a massive central crawler that serves the same functions. You produce ""capital"" crawlers in the same vein as capital ships in previous titles, and use a mix of light and medium units in the same vein as Fighters/Corvettes/Frigates.Positioning is still ""3D"" in the sense that using proper elevation can yield significant bonuses in combat, and epxanding your sensor net and keeping intel on the enemy, as in previous titles, is key. If anything, I find the gameplay more enjoyable than even Homeworld 2, as combat is accessible, properly paced, and still leaves ample room for tactics and positioning.Graphic and sound design is SUPERB. There are FEW RTS titles that capture the atmosphere quite like this game does. Lighting and specular design is amazing, the desert maps are incredibly detailed and somehow still offer plenty of visual variety. Units are highly detailed and the wreckage and scorched earth of an engagement are satisfying. The unit chatter and tiny details in audio design only add to the effect.This is a superb evolution of the homeworld series and the RTS genre. I cannot wait for Workshop support and see what else the developer does with this game."
,Recommended,281610,22368796,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,stimpy77,"Well, here it is, the prequel to Homeworld. This game didn't start out as a Kharak story; it started out as just a new RTS game by Blackbird Interactive which consisted largely of the original Homeworld team. When the Homeworld franchise was auctioned off (again) by Gearbox, Gearbox tracked down Blackbird Interactive and partnered up with them to get their RTS game reconstructed to be a Homeworld prequel. It took all of a year or two to rewrite the storyline and plot and apply narration (etc) assets for it.The good:Beautiful game matching the aesthetics overall of Homeworld.Brillliant artwork, graphics, music, sound, narriation/acting.Gameplay mechanics very similar to Homeworld.Fun mechanics, very playable and fun game.[Barely] satisfying campaign length. (Could be longer, feels rushed, but generally satisfying-ish.)The bad:No true 3D gameplay (but definitely 3D terrain if that matters, along the lines of Starcraft)Infuriating glitches such as aircraft needing to be double-clicked (while they're moving in flight, good luck) and ""reminded"" to land and rearm.Auto-save checkpoints immediately precede long cutscenes that can't be skipped; you must remember to save after every cutscene if you don't want to repeat them.Plot and game ending triggers block resource collection for building up for next mission.Massive narrative plothole at ending requires a complete understanding of the first level of Homeworld 1 before can it be understood to say nothing of being appreciated.Conclusion:I have mixed feelings about this game. Overall, it's a good game, generally satisfying for the Homeworld fan, as the essential gameplay elements that made Homeworld great (other than total 3D strategy) are here. If you're a Homeworld fan, there's not enough to hate here to avoid it. You'll like it."
76561198130624019,Recommended,281610,22244907,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Iclonic,"Absolutely recommend the game.If you care for your units and immerse yourself with the story and lore, you'll enjoy the game.Great music, great cinematics and art style."
76561198000006942,Recommended,281610,22233743,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Dingbat,"Exceptional, campaign has well realised story, voice performances are good and later mission battles ramp up into pleasing and tense melees."
,Recommended,281610,31691103,Posted: 11 May,all,Simdeck,It's great and it really is one of the unsung heroes of brilliant games made by people who love to make a games .You can feel the love that has gone into this. Well done to all that was invoved in this. Great job a wonderfull game.
,Recommended,281610,22373706,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Boreale,could of been better
,Recommended,281610,22257803,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,WelshDrag0n,The best single player RTS in years!
,Recommended,281610,20794662,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Ph.G.,"Simply put, I think this is the most brilliant RTS to be released since Starcraft: Brood War - coming from someone with thousands of career games in SCBW and SC2, someone who is as competitive and serious about multiplayer RTS gaming as they come.The statements I'm making in this review are based on approximately 50 hours of play in multiplayer with approximately 90 games under my belt and a 60% win ratio.The tactical combat in this game is deep and exhilirating.  Ignore the small unit roster - each unit occupies a very specific role and has nuance and depth in their usage.  Ignore the ""boring desert maps"" complaints of others - the desert is a hidden unit in your army.  Its dunes will shield your vulnerable units, and their peaks will give your killers their perfect shots.  If you cooperate with the desert and allow it to shape your play, you will be victorious.  If you disregard it, you will be punished by the opponent who doesn't.  Ignore the ""two factions are very similar"" complaint, because that couldn't be further from the truth - while each faction has analogous units that ostensibly occupy similar roles, they end up functioning and feeling very different in practice.  I would be highly surprised if anyone making that statement has as much time with the game playing both factions as I do.The BW similarities come in the form of the incredible lethality and power of the tools at your disposal.  Everything is overpowered, therefore nothing is overpowered.  One well-placed unit executing a properly positioned ability can decimate an entire army.Unlike Broodwar and unlike many other RTSes that come before, this game is far more about how you use your units than anything else.  You don't need 500 APM, you don't have to have 10 minute long build orders memorized.  If your opener is even slightly optimized, you will never face a situation where you are defenseless - you will never face a coin-flip loss.  You can defeat much larger forces than your own with a few well-controlled units.  You will spend 90% of your time in a multiplayer match watching your army and controlling it, and 10% or less managing your economy and research.  The flow of gameplay results in a smooth and pure tactical experience.If you are a serious competitive RTS gamer, do yourself a huge favor and buy this game.  Ignore the region lock nonsense - sure, it's hampering ranked matchmaking, but nothing is stopping you from joining public matches and enjoying this incredibly tactically nuanced experience.As more maps are added and other mp issues get ironed out, this game will become a true masterpiece as a competitive MP rts goes.  Don't be left out.  You won't regret buying HWDOK."
,Recommended,281610,29309003,Posted: 16 January,all,Jeff!,"This is 100% a Homeworld game. If you've played the original, then you know exactly what kind of a great story and RTS game you're going to get. Please buy it and support the developers if you agree!"
76561198052153287,Recommended,281610,28691130,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rkfootitt,"I've been a HomeWorld fan for a long time, having played through the games when they first came out and more recently the beautiful remakes (such a shame they couldn't remaster Cataclysm as well). This is just superb!Having a lot more commitments than when I was younger- well I don't tend to play many games these days and even games I love I can only justify a couple of hours tops in a session, except this. I've just forced myself to put this game down after playing it all evening. Also despite all the reviews saying the game is broken at mission 4- well I've just completed that without a problem so it is possible!If you like HomeWorld or just RTS in general then I highly reccomend as an excellent single player campaign driven title. HomeWorld games have a unique system- your army being persistent between battles and are (comparatively) slow paced compared to more frantic rts titles.A few people have commented that the computer specs are quite high for this, which is suprising given the machine I've been playing on... So far been running this on an old first gen i5 laptop with an nVidia GT 420m gpu. Admitedly I'm on minimum settings yet game still looks nice and frame rates are acceptible. I think if you have a reasonably modern cpu and discrete gpu you should be able to run this. Some of the very latest iGPU's should probably just about manage it as well."
,Recommended,281610,20712443,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Valco82,Kind of short beat it within 10 hours but still a good game. Not worth $50 though wait for it to go on sale. Otherwise great addition tot he story live of homeworld but not as epic. I look forward to where they go with it next.
76561198031710497,Recommended,281610,29271572,Posted: 15 January,all,Alpacachino,"Disclaimer: I never intended to play multiplayer in this game. This review is solely based on the single player campaign.Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is set on, you guessed it, the planet of Kharak, and is a prequel the the now classic Homeworld games. Instead of the sometimes too-complex-for-it's-own-good-3D-plane battlefields of Homeworld 1 and 2, Deserts of Kharak plays a lot more like a traditional kind of RTS, seeing as all the fighting takes place on the surface of the planet. Despite this pretty big change, it still manages to capture the essence of those great past games, with good looking animations and unit models.The story is actually pretty decent for an RTS. Centered around this lady scientist (Rachel something?) and her search for her brother in the midst of a war, it manages to hit a nice balance between a war story, and a personal narative.I really liked my time with the game, even if it was ""only"" the singleplayer. I got the game from a steam sale for around €16, which is a no brainer in my opinion."
,Recommended,281610,20840147,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,allquixotic,"The aesthetic and design of Kharak is so interesting and so unique that I really find this a compelling RTS. The storyline is the best I've seen in an RTS in a very long time; this game is (or should be) all about the single player campaign. The multiplayer is fairly standard.The thing that keeps me so intrigued by this game is the ""land carrier"" concept. The way it's presented, the way they show the lives of the crew and the struggle they have to go through to keep things together, reminds me a lot of the new Battlestar Galactica in its concept. I've always been a fan of huge ships going on an epic journey, weathering direct fire and scrambling fighters; this game gives you the unique ground equivalent of BSG, more or less.For anyone who enjoyed Homeworld OR Battlestar Galactica and enjoys a heavily story-driven single-player campaign, with a small amount of fun to be had with multiplayer (maybe more than a little fun if you play it with friends), I can HIGHLY recommend this game. The mechanics are tight, there aren't any serious bugs, the music is awesome, the sound effects are satisfying, and the general concept of ""I'm commanding a massive land carrier that's a mobile city"" is just so... AWESOME... that I'm excited to recommend this game as one of the few games that has truly given me joy in the past few years.The team who created this game should also kindly shut up and take my money for Homeworld 3 and begin development right away (if they haven't already). This is exactly the team of artists, writers and developers -- the exact people who made this game -- that we sorely need to stick together to make the NEXT epic Homeworld game. Do it. Do it now."
76561198211802768,Recommended,281610,22576979,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sicario,"Please read some of the more critical reviews should you feel it necessary (although its not).In my opinion as a strategy game and die hard Homeworld Fan...BUY IT NOW. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR.The storyline, beautiful cinematics, game play, fx, soundtrack, Moonlight glistening off your siege cruisers as they ramp over dusty dunes are, how can i put this...pure bliss.If you enjoyed homeworld, you're in for a treat. Buckleup and set an alarm to make sure you ""UNPLUG"" before realising its morning outside and its time you start getting ready for work.To the devs: when can we expect the Cataclysm sagas remastered? Everything released within the homeworld franchise was outstanding, keep up the great work!lastly I had played only 3 missions of this campaign before buying all the DLC's out of principle. Another masterpiece and i'd love to see more.Enjoy!"
76561198023859189,Recommended,281610,22770520,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"I liked it. And I'm biased because I am also loyal to the brand. I've played Homeworld 1&2 when they first came out (they are in my nostalgia wishlist of things to get). The controls felt natural. The command playstyle was very Homeworld 1&2. It's a place where I was comfortable.If you collect RTS this is one to add to your collection. It's a good, straightforward and solid RTS.However, If you're looking for something unique, this game isn't the place to get it.Things I noticed and gave nod to was the height map terrains giving defilade and enfilade(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enfilade_and_defilade)actual meaning. The homeworld version of the mothership was upgradeable and not defensless.My biggest complaint is there isn't a lot of depth of gameplay. I completed the single player (distracted) in less than 8 hours. There aren't many ways to skin the cat (strategies that win the game) the story left me wanting more. I didn't feel challenged in the multiplayer and skirmish options. I've noticed that a lot from games recently, where they release a stable first product then pile on DLC's to increase the revenue. I get the sense this game will have more depth once the DLC's start rolling out."
76561198060160609,Not Recommended,281610,21245128,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ArcticSalad,"I was rather excited for this game, but unfortunately it was rather a disappointment. This game was over oversimplified, to the point where it was lacking what made Homeworld 1 & 2 fantastic. There is an extreme lack in unit variety and the AI is relatively unbalanced. I didn't get too far in the campaign, but it was mediocre, I could not bare to continue playing it and grabbed the steam refund while I still could. If you're new to the series, pick up Homeworld 1 & 2 remastered edition.Overall 6.5/10"
76561198058916055,Recommended,281610,33492031,Posted: 12 July,all,Mobius1,Honestly I loved this game. Huge fan of the Homeworld series and thought this was a very interesting take on the Homeworld universe. Although not without it's flaws this game was thoroughly enjoyable. I hope they come out with some additional content in the near future.
,Recommended,281610,24087395,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,karnage,"If you loved the Homeworld series, Deserts of Kharak is totally worth it, and here's why:First of all, a little backstory: the Homeworld IP was tossed around various companies for almost a decade, before ending in a bid between Blackbird (ex Homeworld devs) and Gearbox, the latter winning the auction. This led to the Remastered edition, on which Blackbird helped Gearbox quite a bit, especially with assets. In the meanwhile, Blackbird was working on Hardware: Shipbreakers, an independent title, designed to be F2P. Gearbox eventually asked them if they'd want to rebrand it as Homeworld, and Blackbird agreed. Why did I waste one paragraph writing this? Because Deserts of Kharak is NOT a well-planned,  heavily-financed AAA game. It is a haphazardly put together welcome surprise package, somewhat as a replacement for Cataclysm Remastered, not driven by profit but passion. So, in my opinion, most of the shortcomings mentioned in the other reviews can be forgiven/overlooked.Deserts of Kharak faithfully reproduces MANY themes in the original saga, such as an expedition to explore the past (immediately followed by total disaster), that determines the future; fleet balancing (that some consider the rock-paper-scissor design, but pretty much all CCGs, MOBAs, Arena Shooters, etc. are identically balanced); stellar, beautiful music; emphasis on micromanagement and rewarding effort; and a gripping, tight back-story that segways neatly into the intro to Homeworld 1. There isn't much you can do with a fixed ending, and Deserts of Kharak sprinkles enough suspense, thrill, even drama, throughout the journey to keep you engaged.DoH brings terrain-based tactical combat to the table as new gameplay, and while it works, it's not as game-changing as you'd like it to be. If you used 3D space to lay out ambushes in Homeworld, you can totally use sand dunes to achieve the same effect in DoH. Like Catacylsm, you have one very mobile carrier instead of a big mothership, which is now upgradable and quite capable of holding its own in combat, provided you shunt power to the right drives. You do NOT automatically collect resources at the end of missions, which fits the ""nomads on the run"" motif, IMO. Besides, unlike HW, resources aren't scattered throughout the map, but concentrated inside shipwrecks that you find on the way: the process of shipbreaking and gathering resources is challenging, especially when under constant attack (an example of the ""reward effort"" mantra).The game is a bit buggy, camera controls could be improved, cutscenes could be skippable, and a myriad of other minor issues that, in my opinion, have negligible impact on player experience. My harshest criticism against the game would be its pricing: it might have had more success in the $25 range. Deserts of Kharak is a well executed modern RTS (in a world dominated by MOBAs) that you should definitely try."
76561197995073658,Not Recommended,281610,24173628,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Krystyn,"I reluctantly requested a refund on this one today, even though I very much liked the overall graphics, the gameplay, and pretty much everything about it.  Unfortunately, the one thing that I didn't like was the proverbial ""game killer"" for me.Here's the thing: You've got a good variety of units, all of them with very nice graphics, the combat effects are quite nice - great explosions and so on -- but you can't zoom out your view far enough to really see what's going on.  To do that - to zoom out to a range where you can get a large enough picture to let you make solid tactical decisions, to see where the enemy are, and intelligently direct your forces to properly respond to the attacks -- you have to switch from the nice graphics that make this so nice to the eye into a high altitude radar-like view where all the units are little colored dots or hollow triangles moving around on a flat 2D map.  Take a look at the FIVE video clips shown on the Steam store page. You can go through almost all of all five of them and what you see are almost exclusively shots of the good looking unit graphics, a few cut scenes, and more nice closeups of units showing how nice they look. BUT to see what you'll be looking at for at least 50% of the time, jump to the 21 second point of the fifth video and you'll see the dots and hollow triangles that are what you see  every time you pan out to get a larger tactical of the full strategic view.Yes, they make it easy to swich between close up and zoomed out - just touch the space bar - but they have to make it easy, 'cause you have to spend so much time in the zoomed out view, it has to be easy to access, right?Why, oh WHY, make a game with such pretty graphics for their units, and their buildings, and then make you constantly switch to the view that robs the game of all those loveingly crafted components?  *sighs heavily*So - when someone posts a mod that lets you zoom waaay out and still see the decent graphics (they can even be tiny little units!) instead of dots and hollow triangles - someone email me and I'll re-purchase this one. I really, really wanted to like it (played both of the Homeworld games for years) but...honestly if I wanted to watch little dots moving around on the screen, I could get something made back in the 1980s.Sorry, Devs - you made a very pretty game -- too bad you can't appreciate how nice the graphics are for over half the time you're playing."
76561198022299590,Recommended,281610,20714541,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ArchAngel815,This game is a great homage to the originals. The game play is fun and the controls come pretty naturally. The way they set up the environment is beautiful and I really enjoy the music selection. I like having the story to back one of my favorite games of all time. It really is a treat to play this game! I highly recomend to any fan of RTS.
,Recommended,281610,20704708,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MobSpy,"Day 4: still questioning why people are attacking eachother, even though the last game said that they all worked together to get to space.10.10 breaking physicsRENEWED UPDATE AS OF 5/8/2016Played this game for a full of a 14 hours alone on story, loved it. A little repetative, but I diddnt even notice due to the constant torching of new vehicles being thrown in, new tactics, and some special mappings. Great art, great story.One problem I (personally) had was going against AI in skirmish 1v1 or 2v2. EVERY TIME, i would lose because the AI starts off pretty much with extra resorces, so pretty cheat. UNTIL I LEARNED THAT I CAN USE SUPPORT CRUISERS AS VERY EFFECTIVE HEALING, i couldnt win against a easy AI without help."
,Recommended,281610,24043685,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,EnzoVic,"14 hrs of game play feels like 140 hrs, it's just that great. The final boss fight was intense and it's worth every penny of the on sale price. I don't think it's worth the original price for me, but for the discounted price, it's worth it. The unit upgrade system is good too, I just wish that I get a chance to fully upgrade but that's the appeal of this game -- I want to fully upgrade but I have to tactically do it because the pressure is real. I have to specialized on one unit else I'm done for. The story is interesting but the ending seemed rushed -- it's like there should be 20 chapters but they have to cut it to 13. In the end, I got what I paid for and I'm satisfied."
,Recommended,281610,20863451,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,vincent.yeap,"This is a worthy successor to the Homeworld series. The look and feel remains very much like Homeworld 2 except on a planet instead of space. The interface is very responsive and I didn't encounter any issues running the game.It would be good if there were more scenarios and a longer gameplay. Really interested to see how this story develops for the S'Jet Klith. Can't wait to see the next homeworld game.... :)Highly recommend for homeworld fans or anyone new to this genre. Othewise, it's also a great strategy game."
76561197980899931,Recommended,281610,20679905,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,loNgH0p,"OK first up, if you are a diehard Homeworld fan like myself then yes, buy this game. Because it's a bit like meeting an old friend you haven't seen for many many years, and quite frankly feared had died. A friend that was a blast to hang out with in his old spaced out days, but now it seems he has become a well grounded individual (if you catch my drift). Does this make your old friend a bit dull now? Hell no. DoK looks, feels, sounds, and plays just as you would expect a Homeworld game to, irrespective of not being in space. But most importantly it's fun.If you like RTS games, or are new to them then I would suggest you check out reviews and game play videos on YouTube. As HW relies on a mobile fabrication and persistent fleet mechanic with limited resources that make spamming units a pretty much redundant and counter productive strategy. Which is not to everyone's liking. Make your own mind up, don't let me or anyone else tell you what's good or bad.Also bear in mind this is not a AAA game, and as such I think some people had unrealistically high expectations, and/or no past experience of HW1, 2, and Cataclysm. The game looks great, runs fine on my medium rig with settings on ultra, and no crashes to report.However, there are some tweaking issues within the game at launch, which seems pretty much the norm (an additional month or two in production wouldn't have gone amiss), but can be fixed with patching. BBI have already stated they are going to support/patch and add DLC, so the game can only get better. Plus DoK opens up sooo many possible future game avenues for the Homeworld series to pursue, which has to be a good thing for the franchise, and fans alike.Thanks BBI and Gearbox for resuscitating the Homeworld universe. Any chance of HW 3? Please."
,Recommended,281610,25956200,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Skiddings,Great campaign!
76561197994005597,Recommended,281610,20728956,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Solen'ya,"This review is based on the opinion of someone who has played all of the Homeworld games, including Cataclysm. So yes, I love the story and the world setting. I have very fond memories of the vast universe created by Relic back in 1999, so my review will reflect that sometimes.To put it simply, if you like your RTS games coupled with a good story then you will be very satisfied. The 10-15 hours campaign is very well made, fun missions that focus on slick action and pacing, with a very interesting story to boot. The conflict between the Coalition forces (the player) and the religious Gaalsien is fascinating to watch as they are two very different factions, each with their own very original and very pleasing audio-visual cues. Story progression is done through in-game cutscenes and gorgeous, incredibly original, animated scenes that highlight the more important events in the game. Although the ending is a bit abrupt, the story on the whole is deeply satysfying, with frequent nods and references do the older games in the series, specially Homeworld 1.Speaking of which, the graphics in this game are gorgeous. They are simple, elegant, and don't tax your computer heavily. Watching the land-carriers and their fleets work and intereact with each other and the enemy is a joy to watch as their animations are very well made and detailed. I love the aircraft animations in particular, as they use somewhat realistic engineering with the launch catapults and all. The larger vehicles are downright imposing and menacing, and the smaller ones give a sense of intimacy and scale that really reflects part of the reason I play RTS games: To watch and play as large armies collide with one another.In terms of audio this game is way above the competition. The music is awe-inspiring, creating a sense of tension and wonder that is rarely matched by other games of the genre. The soundtrack is composed by arabian-indian inspired sounds and instruments, lending the game a very exotic and mythic feeling. Sound effects are also incredibly well made, form the hum of the Battle-carriers to the thumping of large-calliber weapons. Playing this with a headphone is highly reccomended.Gameplay is incredibly fun as well, as the huge battles reminded me of a sci-fi Mad Max, as dozens of vehicles duke it out in a fiery storm of explosions deep in the desert. The player's fleet is centered on the huge Land-Carrier, a giant transport that serves not only as the production center and home base, but also as a fearsome weapon when needed. This is, in my view, a very interesting twist on the Homeworld formula. In previous games, Motherships were incredibly innefective in battle, depending wholeheartedly on their fleet's support, whereas in this game the land-carrier is a lot more independent. You don't have to babysit it all the time. As the game progresses your arsenal of vehicles and weapons expands, and each unit serves a purpose. I believe the variety is just right, enough to be complex without overwhelming the player with vehicles you'll never use.Multiplayer is still in development and could certainly use more maps and a third faction. But as it is, it is very fun and well made. Skirmish matches are also offered, but the AI could use some tweaking. It is not bad, but it's not that bright either. I believe Blackbird will tune it up with future patches, making the game even more fun.To sum it up, this is a very well made and elegant game. It looks and sounds amazing, with a very distinct and pleasing aura around it. I have played 15-16 hours as I write this review and I loved every minute of it. It is not an RTS made for the competitive SC2 guys. Deserts of Kharak is made for those who like a grand, epic story, with a very distinct and original feel to it. Sci-fi fans will love it. The gameplay is very fun, very original, and the two distinct factions offer a lot of gameplay options. I haven't had this much fun in Skirmish mode since Company of Heroes 2!Al in all, I highly reccomend this game. It is a 10/10 for me, and that is rare. I seldom write reviews, but I feel like this gem of a game deserves it. Roll on HW3 or more expasions for this game!"
76561198043656524,Recommended,281610,20727876,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,dga8705,"Let me start by saying I loved the original homeworld series, and wish they could find a way to bring back the other Homeworld game(Homeworld Cataclysm I believe).    That said, this is a fun game, but I feel its lacking in a lot of the things that made the Homeworld series amazing.  Part of what I loved about the series was the details they put in, for instance how every ship could be seen actually undocking or docking, even the capital ships, and the resource collectors actually had to dock to drop off supplies.  In this game, most of the ships come out of the right spots on the carrier, but when you retire ships they just drive under the carrier, not into the ramp on the back, and the resource collectors just have to touch the carrier or supply ships, not actually dock with them.  They are all small things, but I feel they are a major part of what made the original games so good.  Also, some of the controls or commands for ships are either missing, or badly done.  For instance there is no patrol option, if you queue up too many build orders on base runners they often get messed up, especially if you don't keep that many resources on hand(when you give it the order to build something, it doesn't subtract the resources from your total until the base runner actually gets there).Overall, yes I would recommend this game if you are a fan of RTS and/or Homeworld, but I feel they could have done better on it by focusing on a few more details."
,Recommended,281610,20649563,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Unit2209,"Nearly 3 hours in, I must say that I am having a blast. The combat is fun, the story is cool, and the shipbreaking and salvaging is awesome. Really the shipbreaking is the coolest part of the game. I recommend the game to all Homeworld lovers and most RTS fans.8/10 - Could be a nine, but the camera controls are a little wonky and require improvement."
,Recommended,281610,20695157,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ekse,"Homeworld: D.o.K. is a great example how games are supposed to be made. They are supposed to have a great story, can't wait to see the next cutscene. Its almost like watching a epic movie. I wish we had more great games like this, loving the singleplayer story so far."
76561198108765926,Recommended,281610,21376493,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,robo1340 V2.4.3,"My review comes from a multiplayer perspective. The campaign has already been covered well  by other reviews.Its a bit rushed and rough around the edges, (no key binding, few maps, occasional animation glitches etc.) but the developer hasn't given up on it yet and are planning future updates to fix bugs, balance gameplay, and add new maps.The core game mechanics for online multiplayer are solid. Taking advantage of terrain and scouting are critical to success. Good tactics can and will beat high Actions Per Minute and larger armies in this game. Though there are fewer units available than in other homeworld titles almost every unit has multiple purposes. For example the Gaalsien missile ship is a standard AA unit but also has an EMP motar that can disable ground units.If you are looking for an RTS that is truly tactical you should give this one a try. If not now, at least when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,281610,20721017,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DAEEMON,So far i had quite alot of fun with this game. In the beginning i feared that it wouldnt feel like homeworld at all but it sure does. Campaign as allways is well made and you take your units thru the missions. The cutscenes are beatiful. I think the multiplayer also is working great. The game still has several flaws for example there are not many maps yet but all in all i'm really exited for this game and really like it so far.
76561197972116712,Recommended,281610,20738872,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,erjholton,"Deeply satisfying gameplay, art direction, and storyline for all Homeworld fans.My only real criticism is that the single-player campaign feels too short, at only 13 missions plus the tutorial."
,Recommended,281610,20738565,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,honelith,"Loving the transition to ground vehicular combat, very enjoyable. The campaign is surprisingly good with great little cutscenes connecting each mission, some great writing on the dialogue and the art style is fantastic, it's incredibly immersive and the radio chatter is amazing to listen to as it's so varied. Small niggles about the annoying camera controls, your viewpoint feels too close to the battlefield especially when hills and mountains come into view, it's missing vital features which every RTS cannot do without and several other things they need to tweak and fix, but judging by their official forum they're already hard at work on more maps and fixes and improvements.It's a good solid return to the brilliant setting of Homeworld and I hope BBI continue to add and improve upon it. It's a safe addition to the Homeworld series but I just wish BBI did more with the time they spent on this game, it's good but not as great as it could have been.So, basically. What's great is the story, voice acting, dialogue, music, gameplay, immersive both visually and through its audio and easily replayable either through mastering the harder difficulty of the campaign because the gameplay is so enjoyable or multiplayer to see how cunning other Homeworld fans can be!"
,Recommended,281610,20648871,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SteelPriest,Remember how The Force Awakens just FELT like Star Wars?  This feels like Homeworld.
76561197970606952,Recommended,281610,20725498,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Renski,"Just finished the game and loved almost everything. The game has a great style, and is a great tactical game. Ran smoothly and didnt crash once. The only places it fell short it that it only took me 10 hours to complete and sometimes the path finding, AI, and level scripts could have been better."
76561198011362599,Not Recommended,281610,21279451,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Maiden,"Not what I thought it was going to be. Not a typical base building RTS.You only build units, and gather resources. Only a couple of maps for skirmish mode, a campaign, and multiplayer. NOT worth $49.99 price tag. Had I known it was going to be extremely light on content I wouldn't have bought it in the firstplace. Last time I pre-order a game from this company. I wouldn't recommend it at the above mentioned price, and lack on content."
76561198099263593,Recommended,281610,33183340,Posted: 3 July,all,nenadstevan,Exceeded my expectations by far. I was worried that H:DoK will not be worthy of  Homeworld name. Story and cut scenes are equally epic as ones in original games. Looking forward for next game in franchise.
76561197998353578,Recommended,281610,21338958,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,S.T.F.F.,A Great game more people should play online.
,Recommended,281610,20655709,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Zbig,"Gameplay and mechanics are good but what really sets this apart is the campaign and story / lore along with the general aesthetic of the game (daring and desperate expedition on a dying, desolate, desertified planet), especially if you played the original homeworld.  Multiplayer is pretty fun too, but skirmish AI needs work. I posted some of my first impressions on the official forums and the devs gave an actual written reply and seem anxious for detailed feedback to help them improve, which is a positive sign for the future development of this game."
76561198050670947,Recommended,281610,20653128,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mister Savage,"Yes, yes, and more yes. This what all ground RTS's need. Simplified sets of resources, tech-trees, and limited base-building. What real matters is unit posistion, composistion, and the use of the terrain and the characteristics of each category of unit to out-play, and out-gun your enemies. All I can say after all that? Is more units or factions."
76561197983364925,Recommended,281610,21308461,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Xajmai,"Its a different take on homeworld and I love it, with the incoming patches and hopefully some more content later on this has the chance of being everything i could ever want from a land based homeworld game!"
,Recommended,281610,22302609,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Outeryou,"Fantastic game. Great story. Highly immersible.I have never played homeworld games before. So as a new player to the homeworld series, having just completed the campaign on normal, i would highly recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of rts game."
76561198007163290,Recommended,281610,22079356,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CrazyDwarf,Definate feel of the Original spacebound Homeworld games. Though lacking some of the depth in settings. No ability to modify Fleet size in game options... 125 units is one size fits all. Also with only a half dozen maps.... the views are limited.On the up side... the views are AMAZING. Absolutely beaufiful feel of the game and vehicle movements. All the tiny variations in elevations have an in game effect on lines of sight and the weapons that require it.The in game campaing and story line were nicely done and quite entertaining.Ideal patch/update would haveDeathmatchResouce Deposit adjustments (size and frequency)HUGE maps - what's the point of having spectacular landscapes if you can't enjoy themNight time mode or ability to pick time of day for games (one map is set in dusk - definately has room for more optionshere)A must have for Homeworld fans.
76561198009169666,Recommended,281610,22436588,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Galk the Bloody,"As someone that played Homeworld back in 1999, this was like reliving that time all over again. Well worth the money."
76561198050360176,Recommended,281610,22263180,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Verakum,"This game is a great RTS filled with an amazing story of an old game.This game brought to mee some great memories of the Homeworld series, and when you play the old series after this you start connecting the dots of all the things happening in the game.Amazing graphics and sound track and gameplay, although I havent played the multiplayer yet.8.5/10"
76561197973307364,Recommended,281610,21336257,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jordon,"This is a beautifully crafted game!Despite not being in space, it's still very much Homeworld. The sound, interface, the annoying way cutscenes interrupt you when you're busy sparing your fleet from death, the way you need to avoid the final mission objective until you've harvested all resources or you miss out.The desert approach is great, it makes a great atmosphere. The graphics are gorgeous.I got about 1/3rd of the way in on medium and decided it wasn't challenging enough so I restarted the game on hard (""classic"" - which actually was a good level of challenging) and I've spent circa 16 hours (no multiplayer/skirmish)."
76561198196111243,Recommended,281610,21343173,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,xenixillustration,"DoK is a very Homeworld game, right down to its gameplay and experience. The only major element that comprises every homeworld game is the compelling storyline. As the storyline is good, I wouldn't say it is great compared  to HW1, HW:C and HW2 (I liked HW2 very much as compared to many people). Also, the feeling of lack of mysticism. Where the feeling of mystery existed in every Homeworld game before this, DoK has a profound lack of mystery surrounding the ancient ships buried in the sand and the artifacts that are collected. The artifacts are just passed off as Carrier Upgrades, and no further explanation or depth is given to them. Also, in HW1, there were many other different factions whom the Kushan encounter, and even mysterious ancient objects that pose a formidable obstacle to your journey. The ending itself feels really rushed and it seems like the devs quickly wrapped it up so it could ship fast instead of expanding the end a little more.I did not quite like the physics of the game as many a time I have seen the entire Kapisi standing with its head up when the immediate area was filled with units. Also, disappointing unit animations. As compared to the original HW, the ballistics can sometimes make no sense at all. I have seen a railgun not firing in the direction of an enemy yet the enemy gets damage. Gameplay itself was fun.A better game than HW1, HW2 or HW:C? Nope but still recommended as the first game for those who are interested in entering the HW universe."
,Recommended,281610,27354030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dorfx,A nostalgic feeling of original Homeworld. I hope there will be more sequels or prequels in this series.
76561198031156783,Recommended,281610,28987596,Posted: 3 January,all,Muad'Dib,Have  been playing for rTS`s for an embarrassing number of years (c&c) this is one of the best amazing graphics great mechanics and personally I never run into a serious bug
76561198021774696,Recommended,281610,21200567,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,foxdie,"Homeworld and Ground Control fans will feel at home here. I didn't mind the game crashing on me 3-4 times during the campaign. And at some point Rachel just wouldn't pick up an artifact until the resources around it were collected. Minor annoyances if you ask me, but I may be biased.Love the music and the artwork, I'm gonna go play Homeworld remastered again."
76561197964625446,Recommended,281610,30484671,Posted: 12 March,all,JakuMi,"This game brings the fabulous story of Homeworld to normal terrain strategy.The story is well articulated with the previous games and gives you a full perception of the Homeworld Universe.Regarding the gameplay it is very good but I would personally like a bit more of zoom out in normal hud mode, like in the other Homeworld games where you can raise the camera view.I hope a new game is produced to continue this saga and new challenges come to put the Hiigarians fierce full and glorious, once again.A big thank you to the producers and all the game staff."
76561198006534458,Recommended,281610,30489222,Posted: 13 March,all,Metal_Grunt,"Is good, looks good, plays good. Lots of tactics and sand."
76561198006742616,Recommended,281610,30413141,Posted: 9 March,all,CalibrationHero,"Despide being apparently surfaced-based, the game splendidly captures the true Homeworld feel and flavour.I recommend this even though I haven't really played any multiplayer games."
76561198018229670,Recommended,281610,20747862,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Louvellan,"A game that came out of nowhere but that I somehow wanted very badly. H:DK is a little joy of a game, with outstanding visuals, excellent optimisation... And FINALLY a gameplay that doesn't demand an LSD-Red bull mix worth of APM skills.It's not exactly slow paced, but units don't die in two seconds, so you get time to adjust, control formations and positions, use what abilities there are (all straightforward and streamlined like speed boost for fast attack vehicles or smoke screens for tanks) as needed.Despite the apparent lack of variety in units (something I would personally object, as there are roughly 14 units per faction, there being two factions with subtle differences in their lineup), the gameplay has many layers, and the balance of resource gathering / unit construction-research / carrier usage (they're like the Motherships of old, only much more powerful) / artifact retrieval makes for a game where there is always something more to do, optimise or respond to.Finally, I grew up playing Homeworld 1. It was fantastic. This is its prequel, and from the audio design (guns, engines, UI, and especially the radio chatter), the music, the visuals, and the general narrative and atmosphere... I felt at home. It's more of a talented application of the meaning of this franchise onto a new game rather than fan service, and that means a great deal to me.10/10 would grow up playing."
76561198026082481,Recommended,281610,27896606,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fabrigade,"If you are a Homeworld fan, go buy it. I read that many times as well before I actually bought it. It's indeed worth it. From space to deserts is a nice change and the devs have implemented a beautiful environment, again with a great soundtrack that combines with the desert setting perfectly. Add names such as Soban, Sajuuk and the longing for the Homeworld is re-ignited.I play the Mac port on a last-year-high end iMac. The graphical settings are at second top, but it brings my iMac to its knees. It is very beautiful and requires a lot of GPU power. I had some crashes in-game (all of a sudden I am on the desktop, app vanished), this might be due to the fact that I set graphical quality to high, instead of low as recommended - I will have to check that.The GUi is actually quite nice and feels more like the old HW2 one than that crappy new GUI in the remastered HW."
76561198056026392,Recommended,281610,20801168,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Danny D.,"Good game, but not enought for 49.99.Very nice story, tipical of Homeworld series and nice graphics. Gameplay is interesting, a bit different from what we Homeworld fans are used to but that is only because it is a 2D RTs not a 3D but regardless it has a nice feel.Very few units and very limited strategy options due to the lack of options like stances or attack options.AI is rubish and not competitive at all. very liear strategy, predefined and very predictable. You ovewhelm the enemy with bombers while keeping you carrier protected with heavy unit and you win any battle. The AI is not able to change strategy or adapt to different situations.I will give it a positive vote because of the efforts, but the game does not deserve the 49.90 price."
76561197998638346,Recommended,281610,28866453,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,deltaagent26,"Pros:1.) Looks great! (if you can get it to run)Cons:1.) Bad pathfinding.2.) Campaign is too short.3.) No option for resource injections in skirmish or MP4.) Not enoough resources in classic mode.5.) Can't always collect all resources or upgrade modules, during campaign.6.) can't zoom out enough on the regular map7.) can't change or turn off unit cap, in MP or Skirmish.8.) using hack with s'jet vehicle mis-fires in classic mode. missing it's target.9.) game is like one long cutscene, intersperced with a few minutes of combat...If I think of anything else, I'll edit, if I'm able to.-edit-10.) cant utilize all power points in last 2-3 missions. (you might have 15 points, but can usually only use 9 before carrier cries ""overheat"")"
,Recommended,281610,20776841,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[MM]ManS_laughter[UK],Pros:* Deserts of Kharak feels like a Homeworld game even with the y-axis removed from play. The gameplay is solid and the missions are varied.* The story elements lend themselves naturally to building up on origin story for Homeworld. Some people are incredibly over protective of the Homeworld story but this seems to build upon it nicely.Cons:* It's far too short. I think this is an excellently made game but I cannot recommend you pick it up at full price because the campaign is over and done with far too quickly. The missions themselves are diverse but the actual tactical options are a bit limited (although not especially different to homeworlds tactics).* Homeworld succeeded because although you were often facing the same enemy you occasionally had missions with other races and bad guys getting involved (for whom the usual strategies wouldn't work) - unfortunately this game doesn't really break out into new and unexpected opponents.In conclusion:If you are a die hard fan of Homeworld then pick this up but expect to smash through the campaign in about four decent length play sessions. The lack of diversity in your opponents means that you don't really end up changing your tactics which is disappointing compared to previous Homeworld games. If you can wait then I suggest picking this game up at about half its launch price.
,Recommended,281610,20709129,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Mechman,True this is hanging on the coat tails of the Homeworld series. But this is a genuine new expirence that integrates the brilliant RTS element to show that Homeworld was and always has been the best RTS on the market.
76561198007165753,Recommended,281610,20756029,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,sn87,first off let me say I have fond memories of playing rts games such as battle for middle earth 2 and command and conquer 3 with friends and enjoy rts games. I am not a pro level player at rts games but find them fun and love building armies to fight someone with I have played this game currently to mission 5 and am loving the story the pacing and  tactical view is so cool. now I will say pros and cons  both for this game. + gameplay is amazing and audio and sound design is exceptional. + story and cutscenes are some of the best ive seen in an rts game even the mid mission cutscenes are very interesting. + controls and interface are pretty simple and standard for an rts game. - no rebindable hotkeys and hotkeys are not easy 2 learn for a new homeworld player such as my self.- this is a small gripe of mine but  salvigers do not auto collect near by resources  looking into this online it appears in the old classic homeworld games pressing h will set  them to auto collect this oversite seems like a small negative but its not a big deal.  and can be fixed in a patch. overall this game is amazing and should be played by any rts fan  ps people complaining about 5 maps honestly who cares about map amount in a rts its balance and skill that matters also if anyone wants 2 play some multiplayer for fun message me me on steam as ive yet to se the multiplayer content
,Recommended,281610,20799360,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Falcon,"My recommendation?This has been one of the smoothest launching games that i have seen.I have a had a few issues while playing but i think the main cause of those may be in my hardware instead of the game.The graphics on the game are amazing with the detail they went through. Mind you its still thr classic solid cockpit or at least on my graphics settings, but the attention to detail is 10/10.Campaign is good, its 13 missions but it has so many areas you could lead into another campaign which i won't spoil for the potential player.The audio is off the charts, the battle chatter is great to listen to and hearing some of the units spool up as well as launching your LAVS off of a dune with the overdrive hearing that engine rev is great.While i havent gotten on multiplayer yet, the devs have confirmed that there will be more maps and they are also working on more.11/10 would kill genocidal maniacs kiths♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561198007295553,Recommended,281610,20807739,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Axios,"A nice additio to the series,liked the art style and gameplay mechanics, very enjoyable and i liked the fact that I could take it at my own pace.downsides even at a slow pace you will go through the campaign quickly, very few levels and then its just more of the same on the skirimish side.it has potential and in keeping with the series."
,Recommended,281610,20653760,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Gnugfuriuz,"as a guy who cries of joy when i play through the Homeworld series. I enjoyed the story of Kharak. And another piece of the puzzle in the homeworld universe is complete for me.Good written story, great voiceacting, great graphics.Only cons i have are the AI's lack of intelligence and some minor bugs wich makes your carrier fly sometimes. Always seem to land on its track though. :DFor me it lasted 7 hours. Gonna try some onlineplay tomorrow. :)"
76561198014721995,Recommended,281610,20654311,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,yojo056,"Its homeworld... enough said.  Ok, to be fair... I really like this game. Its got some unique challenges, terrain, and units that the space based Homeworld games do not.  Also, the campaign has a super intriguing story, just like the originals.  I have been waiting 16 years for THIS game. I really like it and I cannot wait till I finish it.  The balance is really well done and hoenstly its a nice breath of fresh air in the RTS genre."
76561198006636715,Recommended,281610,20653110,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,maggioreguidus,not bad
,Recommended,281610,20653716,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MC Reb,Brilliant addition to the Homeworld seriesgameplay feels very similar to the rest of the games in the francisewould definitly recommend the game to any RTS fan
76561197976751565,Recommended,281610,20651760,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,,brings back Homeworld memories all in a good way - single player fun fun fun - great story too
76561198143741431,Recommended,281610,20652081,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,BZF,"Very good game, diferent from the original, but has the same feel."
,Recommended,281610,20657460,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Skotadi,"this game is great. do more please? maybe bigger maps and some deployables like maybe radar towers, cloaking devices things like that? this is very minor, like a 2 on a 10 scale of importance."
76561198008605437,Recommended,281610,20652885,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Coumfy,"Great game so far, very reminiscent of Homeworld but with a mix of Mad Max (the movie not the game)."
,Recommended,281610,20657597,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,†BαndıтMαÑ†,"Ahhh.. i can't remember the last time i played such an indepth, fast paced RTS in a LONG LONG time... Enough said going to play some moreeeee."
76561198022414795,Recommended,281610,20651611,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,roguejwolf,"Plays and feels like a homeworld game, with a classic soundtrack and fun level design (hard when its set in a desert!) it really does stand on its own as a true prequal to Homeworld. Hope this is the first of many more Homeworld games in the future."
,Recommended,281610,20652060,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,matt,"Only played for a bit, but it is good. If you like the previous games, C&C or Dune 2 then this is right up your street."
,Recommended,281610,20656806,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,AirBorne,"Homeworld for ever. Good story and Nice RTS game. But just few units, maybe there will not develop this game futher. Hope there will be Offical MOD tool support!!!And wait for the futher optimiz. It's a little stuck when loading games"
,Recommended,281610,20666344,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,riky rice,Homeworld on the ground. The game is great but man this makes me realize how much I want Homeworld 3!
76561197981519208,Recommended,281610,20652058,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MasterLocust,An excellent Prequel to a beloved game series.
76561198007171411,Recommended,281610,20667632,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Praetorias,"Played this game for a bit now and found it to have all the great traits of the Homeworld line.  I am more interested in the space side but this is a fantastic re-entry into the Homeworld genre and for me, bodes very well for the Homeworld 3 game if these developers are sticking to the true vidion of Homeworld"
,Recommended,281610,20733416,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Asur,"Campaign is super interesting but short ... too short, I want more! I love desert in this game, so stylish, so silky, I want RPG with open world in this setting) Strategy ... not hard to control units, it is cool, I don't like a sport RTS like Start Craft. It is kinf of messy right kniw in my head, I only can say tha the game worst time and money, unusual desertly hot!"
76561198065621158,Recommended,281610,33492014,Posted: 12 July,all,Xiox,"This game is great. Really fun, beautiful graphics and atmosphere, easy enough to get a hold of. I'm not particularliy good at RTS games in general, but I found that getting the hang of things in this game wasn't too difficult, while it's still challenging it's not something that's too complicated to get into."
,Recommended,281610,33487524,Posted: 12 July,all,losthart,"Excellent game, good mood and visuals.The soundtrack is really immersive."
76561197977262110,Recommended,281610,20719167,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,kazabomber,"Since I haven't played enough multiplayer to really comment on multiplayer balancing, this would mainly be a review for single player campaign.The campaign itself is wonderfully done with the right combination of story and visual story telling. Story is being told actively as you play the game, and the pace at which the game unfolds new features in the campaign allows the player to pick up what to do with different units very naturally. Story integrates itself well to the original Homeworld universe, and suble hints suggest that this conflict behind the Desert of Kharak campaign does not invole any clear ""villain"" or the ""good-guy"", but a society torn between progressivist and conservative at a time of hardship on a planet going through major climate change. If you require the story to be told in your face with everything blatantly obvious, you would probably not enjoy the story of Desert of Kharak. However, if you enjoy picking up subtle hints and plot pieces spread throughout the game's campaign, you'll enjoy playing through this game.As for the aesthetics and presentation of the game, it inherits a lot of the visual and atomospher of the original Homeworld series. The designs are very minimal yet cleanly done, and if you were a fan of the original series (or a fan of the more realistic Scifi design), it'll most likely please you. Voice acting is also done in a natural manner instead of the over-the-top method you would find in lot of the other games. However, this is not without it's cons. Although the game put heavy emphasis on terrain utilization, it's sometimes difficult to visually decipher which grounds offer to terrain advantage until your units are physically interacting with the terrain. Since the difficulty level of the campaign is not too high this is not a major set back, but I wonder if this issue would be addressed in the future patch.Overall, the game offer a lot of promise, and I'm sure a lot of the kinks would be worked out in the near future. I highly recommend this game to the fans of the original Homeworld series as well as fans of RTS. Those who enjoyed games like Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander would definitely enjoy this game."
76561198026956464,Recommended,281610,29318624,Posted: 17 January,all,Medic,"Lol... erm not sure about the bad reviews, possible trolls haha. But anyways, Great game - Good story. Yes I was skeptical when they said Homeworld Ground base RTS - but after buying it, I'm pleasantly surprised with no regrets about my purchase. Yes, the campaign was a little short. But I'm looking forward to more story DLC if it's possible - I really hope they don't give up on this title. I would have brought this game earlier had I actually seen marketing for it before it was release. Didn't find this gem till a few days before release date.Multiplayer is a ghost town, absolutely no one :/The Comm-chatter between units in the game is amazing. Graphics are Awesome, if you can run this on max settings - the unit destruction is pretty to look it. Overall I recommend this game for a good story ☺️"
76561198059774482,Recommended,281610,20678212,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,YouTheNoob,"Overall: a positive review. Some points that I would change if i were Blackbird Interactive but any game that wants to keep the Homeworld legend going gets a thumbs up from me.Positives:- The story is really good. You really feel like you are working towards the survival of your people and you do get emotionally invested when you lose your units.- Graphics look great and run well on my ultra HD monitor in max settings- It is Homeworld! Even the unit icons look the same- Controls are relatively easy- Cutscenes are superb. The artistic effects are top notch.- Story follows the Homeworld storyline perfectly and I love the references to things you learnt in Homeworld 1 and 2.Negatives- Dont buy the expedition guide. There is so little information in there that it is definitely not worth buying. In fact I cannot understand how it comes to 600MB. Perhaps I am missing a huge part or I am going blind but £5~ is a lot of money for something that would cost a couple of pennies as a piece of paper.- Units could have a lot more variety. Hopefully they will patch in more at a later date.- This is based in the Homeworld universe but isn't Homeworld. I miss having multiple carriers creating a fleet of ships. In this you have one command ship that makes things and that is it.- Fleet sizes are a fraction of the size of in Homeworld the original. I remember making fleets of hundreds or thousands of ships (yes the lag was awful) and then fighting the enemy, In this game the fleets are only tens or at max a hundred.OverallIt's Homeworld so buy it. The more people that buy it, the more chance of Homeworld 3."
,Recommended,281610,29420719,Posted: 22 January,all,CKLR_Loosecannon16,"The game is a good return to the homeworld franchise. Although with a faster pace than its predecessors, is a somewhat enjoyable experience. Having mentioned its length, it is a point that prevented this game scoring further success, the campaign ends at the point you are actually engaged in the storyline, should they added a couple more missions, the impression would have been much better.Some bugs also hinders the user experience, but not to the point of a dealbreaker.The good:A breath of fresh air into RTS genre, with very dynamic combat experienceAtmospheric soundtrack, it builds the tension and carries the thrill of battleOriginal art and design concepts, really brings you to another universeProfessionally written storylineThe bad:Randomness of some minor bugsCampaing is too short to actually enjoy the universe it is set uponSecondary objectives are rather repetitive"
,Recommended,281610,20690130,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,XMVF,"-Not alot of maps included-AI is derp-What happened to other formations? :C-Difficult to take advantage of terrain height without ability to change which way the formation is facing-Missing alot of homeworld2's controls? Such as unbinding units from control groups and such. For a game that came after, you'd think it would be included... :l+music, comm chatter and the aesthetics of the game is amazing.+terrain actually matters. amazing.+campaign is decent.+fun multiplayer.7/10"
76561197972672497,Recommended,281610,20739480,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bold Soldier Boy,"Another classic for the series. I was skeptical at first as its not the same space based RTS that enjoyed, but no, the fact that it's on the desert world of Kharak doesn't take away the allure. It actually ties in really well with the story arc over the homeworld series. A must-have for the homeworld fans out there!"
,Recommended,281610,20713576,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kozak,"Atmospheric, well fleshed-out, solidly written... While SP campaign is a bit short, this game is a worthy continuation of Homeworld series."
76561197975684627,Recommended,281610,20738909,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,alexkkzx,It feels just like a homeworld title. I never thought we would see anything again since the IP was so tied up for so long but this is another beautiful release to the series. if a little different. it invokes the same emotion as the first 2 and i hope to see more in the future
76561198049801693,Recommended,281610,20693219,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Deathwing,"HW: DOK is as I had expected. I really like many aspects of this game, including the persistence of units (so they follow you from map to map), unit experience, the ""sandbox"" mode (and with all that sand, it really is a sandbox!) Also the voice acting is fantastic. Try to notice the smalltalk that you can hear as a background ambient sound effect. Some of it is funny and really adds a nice touch to the game. I also like the ""realism"" since all units have a well defined purpose and a sense of unity binds all of your units together. The art direction is top-notch. So overall, it's a fantastic game and I would highly recommend it. I would've liked to have a pause mode, letting you pause the game and issue orders. Also there are little things that might be improved in future patches but again, overall, this is a must for RTS, sci-fi fans and makes for an engaging and beautiful, classic game of the genre! Bravo to BBI!"
76561198038334011,Recommended,281610,20690850,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Preatorian,"I really liked this game, it took me back to the old ""Dune"" RTS.  Accept there are no permanant bases. I know it's ""homeworld""Things i would like to see updated in this game in the order of importance:- Larger maps on skirmish mode.- No rush timer- Option for resource injections. (other RTS's have them.)- More Permanent structures, Base building.. More defensive fortifications. Should be able to build structures in Skirmish mode at least.- modding support, downloading through steam workshop.Otherwise a great game! I have recomended it."
,Recommended,281610,29347668,Posted: 18 January,all,JakeFlit,Surprisingly fun for an RTS without almost any base building features. A visually stunning game with clean mechanics and simple to understand
,Recommended,281610,22608686,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Indy11,Best single player in an RTS in a long time!!! Game is pretty awesome!!!
76561197976228399,Not Recommended,281610,28175733,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,R.Reagan,"Ok.. The good, the bad, and the ugly...The Good.The game was fun to play, pretty pictures, nice maps, cool concept.The Bad.The game WAS fun to play...The Ugly.Well folks, looks like the Devs consider this game finished... so whats wrong with that.well for one the replay value isn't there.the skirmish maps are very few to choose from.the AI is a mess.  Two games on easy the first I win because after the first attack they never really came after me again.  The second game still on easy I get rushed in the first few minutes before I can even establish myself and after the first game I got a good feel for what to do... or so I thought.  It seems the AI could use some work and I waited and waited and it never happened.I have no idea why it ranked so high with PCGames and the like.  It's kinda reminds me of C&C4, rush to build stuff and just throw it at the enemy.  No creative stratigy.  Rush and toss and see if it sticks.  I waited all this time and haven't seen any DLC or anything to add to the game and make it more fun."
76561197993786076,Recommended,281610,23873248,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mehoo,"The best competitive RTS.Not the best since Starcraft, or COH, or take your pick... just the best competetive RTS."
,Not Recommended,281610,20877779,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,El Hombre Mayonesa,I really wanted to like it...Not the same as being in space.Wasn't worth the money.Units are mediocre.
76561198124554830,Recommended,281610,23150429,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,jbr420,"For thoe who still harbor fond memories of Homeworld 1 & 2, the ambiance of this game will be familiar and comfortable. Great story, campaign could be longer so I am hoping for more DLC oriented towards single-player. Skirmish & Multiplayer is fun once you finish story, however, starting from scratch leaves one feeling chained and so far the matches move so quickly, tech-tree so long to build that one feels hobbled. The music is defintely awesome and worth the purchase, most of the reason why the game is so comfortable for old school fans.Love this rendition, look forward to more from GearBox on this and hopefully larger space-based games set in the Homeworld Universe."
76561197970889726,Recommended,281610,22991738,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Karl Sturm,"Gorgeous game, visually stunning and fun to play, slight learning curve but manageable, reminiscent of Command and Conquer Red Alert."
76561197970678722,Recommended,281610,26288123,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lewstherin,"Good story line and lore, felt very true to Homeworld style and history.Desert is actually really interesting to play on and graphics wise was enjoyable visually.The ending came too quickly, felt they could have shared more story/lore - particularly at the end of the game.Overall well worth the money, missions are fun enough but its the storyline that really pulls you on.Hoping we'll see more tales from from Kharak in the future."
76561197969545643,Recommended,281610,26124046,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,duncan_greystone,"This game is a gem, but it is not without it's flaws.The game is gorgeous and well thought out.  The landscapes and cut scenes are worthy of the homeworld franchise.  The game play is fast paced and brutal.  Tactics being your friend and hesitation your death.I beat this game it about a week of on and off play.  I played the first few missions on the hardest setting and the rest at ""classic"".  many other people think this game needs the ability to pause the game and perform orders.  The developers have put forth that they did not include this feature because it breaks immersion and takes away from the desperation the missions in Deserts of Kharak have you play through.Personally I think it's ridiculous the developers try to defend the idea of not having any sort of ""real"" pause feature auto-included in an RTS game (as anyone who has played previous titles in this franchise will know that such a feature is not only necessary; but really cool as you actually get time to enjoy the visuals which are a hall mark of Homeworld).  Currently the only way to ""pause"" the game is the main menu screen.  This does not breeak the game but is disappointing; and honestly will prevent me from playing thorugh the campaign again as half of what goes on is understandably simply ""missed"" by the player in the chaos.Still I would readily recommend this title to anyone who enjoys RTS game play, and cross your fingers that the devs atleast implement an honest pause feature (even if they do not allow you to give orders cretae CTRL gorups etc)."
76561198020461226,Recommended,281610,20651441,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,NFinit,"Homeworld and Dune had a baby with C&C as the GodfatherSo far loving the game, havent tried the multiplayer yet since gameplay differs than Homeworld a little bit and takes some getting used too.(We are the sandworms ??)  :D"
76561197991822063,Recommended,281610,24081690,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SoulsandBlood,"Absolutely fantastic game.  Graphics are unreal. Storyline is very immersive.  I sure hope they have some more campaingn add ons coming.Almost done with campaign and I can say this game is epic. I have pleyed almost every RTS to date since original Dune and this has to be one of the most well polished RTS games of all time. Cut scenes are gorgeous and done like original C&C style, and the soundtrack and sound effects are incredible.  Controls are fantastic ans easy to learn.  The air battles are as good as any RTS out there."
,Recommended,281610,23837209,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,(FCDI) Greek Fire,"This is without a doubt the most beautiful RTS game I've ever played. The only bug I've found was when I somehow got the Kapisi to clip through a cliff and launch itself into the air. So, if you like RTS games, I'd get this game."
,Not Recommended,281610,28778739,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vehementi,Getting refund due to lack of ability to rebind hotkeys and other dev abandonment
,Recommended,281610,20671554,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ForrestFox*RTF*,"Such a brilliant game, this is exactly what I was expecting from a Homeworld-rts game placed on a planet.Easy to master, easy to enjoy. I give 7/7 XD(And no, this is not a AAA-title, so I cant compare it with a game like Starcraft that has Blizzard showing in money into production. But it IS one of the best indie RTS-games out there right now)"
76561198006707745,Recommended,281610,20665162,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Moonglow,+ Campaign+ Voiceacting+ Music+ Aesthetics+ Homeworld Vibe+ Gameplay+++++ BattleChatter :D- Lack of MP/Skimirsh Maps- No Sizable UI- Lack of Keybind Options
,Recommended,281610,25205551,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CptnProton,"Very good Storytelling, interesting Missions."
,Recommended,281610,20659079,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Hagakure,"Came for the Story, stayed for the gameplay...and the story, and the beauftifull graphics, and the immersion and the fact that this is homeworld on wheels .Dont allow yourself to be mislead by the trolls ranting about the game without having bought our played it, or even the online ""critics"".Replayability? I tell you this, this game allows you to play and re-play it anyway you want without getting bored.If'd i'd buy it again, mostly certainly without the shadow of a doubt as sure as di Caprio is bound to win the Oscars ( dont disapoint me now Leo ) YES ( Wolf of Wallstreet Style )"
,Recommended,281610,23841943,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,eLucid,"An awesome game. Singleplayer story is nicely polished and well-deployed. I really like the format of the cinematics.Multiplayer is challenging, much in the same way that Homeworld I & II were (your command centre moves). This time your command centre's stats are changeable on-the-go, which makes it both harder to manage and harder to take down.This is truly the Homeworld sequel that any fan of the original was waiting for. Would reccommend for anyone who enjoyed the original or like challending RTS. Great at LAN parties too!"
76561198039861249,Recommended,281610,22810042,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Arkenbrien,"One of the best RTS experiences one can play. Good story, fasinating concept, excellent execution."
76561197971091394,Recommended,281610,22625135,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Stephroth,10/10   Well if you want wanted to play C&C 5 and had your dreams crushed..... Well this will make up for it. Hands down the freshest RTS out there. Brought a hole new side of no base building to RTD's and DESTROYED it on their first try.... Fan for life!
,Recommended,281610,20649731,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,WhiskeyNinja,"Beautiful, story and narrative driven RTS.This will be an ongoing, updated review, as I progress through the campaign.CAMPAIGNI've completed the first two missions and the tutorial so far. If you enjoy any of the following, I'd recommend the game based on my limited play:Hard-sci fi narrative in RTSA decent mix of tactics and strategyBig Damn TrucksThe gameplay is much like the Homeworld series, streamlined, with an even greater emphasis on narrative. The game is gorgeous, and as mentioned, it's all about Big Damn Trucks.This is a game that emphasizes strategy, not actions per minute. There's a nice combination of use of high ground, and unit special abilities to keep engagements fresh and allow specializations.BBI has been great about supporting the game. If you're a fan of their art style, the DLCs are well worth it.I've generally had a wonderful time with this, and definitely think this product is worthy of support. It will likely never be as big as Starcraft, but it's not trying to be that.ConsNo docking animations for resource harvesters."
76561198126388593,Not Recommended,281610,28432698,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,churays,"Campaign story is  as good as before .It has a potential to be another great rts game,but damm gearbox ABANDONED it!"
,Recommended,281610,32793659,Posted: 25 June,all,Shadow,"Really good game, intresting storyline, hope they do MOD support to prolong the life span of the game"
76561198005879531,Not Recommended,281610,33890225,Posted: 29 July,all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"Wish I could recommend this game, but I can't.  Homeworld was amazing and one of my favorite series and this game looks like it has everything that made the other games great, but I can't get passed the bugs and crashing.Mid mission cut scene?  1/3 chance the game ""pauses"" when it ends.  You can place orders, but nothing moves.Manual save?  Game has a pretty good chance of crashing.One enemy left?  Chances are better than average it'll be immortal.Scavenger ""stalls"" while leaving the carrier hanger?  Don't try moving the carrier or it explodes.  The full health carrier explodes I mean.Send aircraft after a sensor blip?  They may fly off the map and be unavailable the rest of the mission.Just when I'm starting to like the game it does something to ruin the immersion.  I've never even quit normally.  Everytime I leave the game it's from a crash.  Considering the positive reviews, everyone else either doesn't care about these issues or doesn't have nearly as many bugs appear as I do."
76561198005428151,Recommended,281610,20648322,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Ashua,dam i felt the love
,Not Recommended,281610,33063377,Posted: 30 June,all,Inspector 7,Meh. The single player was fun but I think the game mechanics that they implemented into skirmish mode are dumb. I didn't even make it to five minutes before I decided it wasn't fun (unlike the singleplayer which WAS fun).get the game if you enjoyed singleplayer homeworld/homeworld 2 but don't get it for anything else
76561198035265752,Recommended,281610,28733489,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hahofifi,"I loved it ! I haven't enjoyed a game so much in a long time ! A little bit too short, but if you have played. You will enjoy the story more, if you have played Homeworld 1/2 before.Now all I have to do is play Homeworld remastered edition once more :)"
76561197991368766,Recommended,281610,28729972,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shrike,"A tried and true follow-up to the classic Homeworld series, HW:DoK is fun but doesn't entirely re-invent the RTS wheel. It plays like a mix of Supreme Commander and - dare I say it - C&C4 with the mobile bases (except you don't have to deploy every flipping time to release your units from the production buildings). The story is classic HW-style emotional and has a clear Middle Eastern / South Asian influence. The DLC's do little to add to the variety but that makes up for the variety of units. Overall, a must-buy for Homeworld fans."
76561198147746416,Recommended,281610,28202045,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Linglightning,"I think WORKSHOP support is very important to homeworld,and you guys need creat more map to this game"
76561197979265209,Recommended,281610,28495471,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Delphinus.Combaticus,"Great game in the Homeworld style. A little on the short side (also like the original games).It is a bit buggy though, in the campaign. There have been a few times where I have beaten the script to the punch and then I cannot trigger the next part of the script to start. Sometimes this can be fixed with a save and reload, but other times I have lost 40 minutes on a mission which has to be completely restarted.Nice graphics and presentation. Interesting, if formulaic (for this franchise) story."
,Recommended,281610,23814730,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mr.Snork,"One of the only Games I ever pre-ordered. A solid entry for the Homeworld series.  You'll see a whole bunch of niggles by people in the reviews and comments, but by and large these are fairly minor issues. I myself would feel it desperately needs a ""pause and give orders option"" which was present in all the other games, However I wouldn't give it a negative review simply for that, (although it is pretty bad in my eyes).The biggest drawback is that its really been set-up as a multiplayer game, kinda like a tournament type, which when you consider the pedigree of Gearbox, isn't all that surprising. And you cant really blame Gearbox as MP seems to be where young gamers are these days and thus so is the money.  For me the emphasis has been on a thoughtful, singleplayer game you can take your time with. A result of this is that most of the sides are somewhat bland and homogeneous, (equal), and there is little differentiation between the opposing sides units.  Assymetric warfare, this is not.Practical Upshot:  If Multiplayer is your thing, you'll prob really enjoy this.  If you want a deep thoughtful RTS, you may want to think twice about this, unless its on sale.  It's not bad, but depth and ability to take your time, (away from a frantic MP pace), is not its strong point.  The Original HW games were far better at that.It is fun though, and definitely has all the flavour and feel of the original HW games."
,Recommended,281610,28645977,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PhoenixBorn,"Great game that fits the timeline developed by Relic in the first two games. It expands upon the story of what happened before the Exiles left their planet in their mothership in Homeworld 1. I do recommend it, though you will have to depend on a Discord server to even find anyone to play with. The multiplayer would be awesome, but this is a very niche game. It can't compare in the amount of content that AAA game developers put into their games, but I enjoyed the singleplayer."
,Recommended,281610,29152774,Posted: 9 January,all,h3retic,Give a Dune feeling!
76561197993347183,Recommended,281610,28148234,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Youma,"Like homeworld but on the ground. Compared to Homeworld..Pros:-Game mechanics are executed really well. Line of sight and artillery are excellent additions that add another dimension to combat.-Unit types feel well balanced against each other both in single- and multiplayer.-With smaller maps and 2 dimensions, the pace of the game feels a bit fasterCons:-Campaign is short (~8h) and not terribly polished.-Fewer unit types, and none feel terribly impressive. Models seem less detailed despite higher resolution/polygons.-Camera cannot be zoomed out nearly far enough.Worth picking up on a sale."
76561197984099173,Recommended,281610,28870484,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,warlock_ba,"The game is decent for the price I got it.Pros:- the story is good- gameplay niceCons:- DLC is only skins for the units ...- waaaay to short - 1 day playthrough (and I am a hoarder, so I have to farm everything first, before wiping the floor with the enemy - so I think a decent playthrough time is arround 6-8 hours)It could have been sooo much more, if some more TLC would have been invested in it.All in all it is nice - but definitively not for full price :)"
,Recommended,281610,23941258,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Juniper Monkeys,"Deserts of Kharak really brings me back to Homeworld -- the look, the sound/music, and the story are all great. There are a few points that are kind of iffy, though:- Playing it is a little bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The regular camera doesn't zoom out as much as you'd like, control groups are a little wacky, unit formations can be suicidal, and so on.- The story is pretty short. Eight or nine hours on normal difficulty. There's skirmish and multiplayer, but the skirmish AI is not very challenging and I'm not really interested in multiplayer.- There's really not a ton of variety in the way that missions play out. Sometimes you have to collect an artifact or place some turrets, but basically a couple big control groups attack-moving will carry you through the game.- No unit variety between factions that I could see. Obviously they look different, but each of the two factions share the few basic unit types. The DLC factions are really minimal reskins of the two standard factions -- don't bother.With that said, for $25 I feel like I got my money's worth, but at the regular price of $50 I'd feel kind of ripped off. In general, it's just how I like RTSes -- a little more sweeping and ""arty"" than StarCraft, not too much boring macro (Planetary Annhilation), and the great Homeworld feel. I just wish it had more and more varied missions."
,Recommended,281610,22290183,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,[RIP] Jesper,"These thoughts are regarding the campaign.I get terribly stressed out playing RTS, and so I play them all on the easiest difficulty and mostly for the atmosphere and story. This game has both of it. The desert is looking gorgeous and the story is subtle and compelling. The campaign gives you a sense of discovery and adventure.You get to keep your units between missions and see them level up, gaining many times the power it had when it was a rookie. You get a feeling of responsibility towards the survival of said units, and I've reloaded a save game many times in order to save a unit from getting destroyed.Otherwise the mechanics of the game are pretty straight forward. It's a case of stone-rock-scissors, even up in the tiers of units. You gather resources and spend them on new units (up to a unit cap that increases during the campaign) and on research which is done from the carrier which acts as your mobile base.For the atmosphere and story I thoroughly recommend this game. I can't speak for the challenge, seeing that I played the game on easy."
76561198006524973,Recommended,281610,22426085,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,escook0807,"great game, great RTS and graphics/effects that are aweseom!"
76561198148095648,Recommended,281610,23880298,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,unhandysalmon7,"This a very decent game. Homeworld remastered is a lot better, THe graphics and story are amazing, but i feel there is not enough variety in units. The gameplay feels great and is an amazing RTS but it is not worth the price."
76561198021647942,Recommended,281610,27551083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lord_muffe,"What can I say: its a wonderful addition to the Homeworld series. If you liked the campaign in Homeworld, you most likely enjoy DoK.The atmosphere is pretty much the same, the desert-theme creates a sense of isolation comparable to the space scenario of the three previous games. The music is in the same style, the ""scale"" of everything is fitting. And while the mission design isn´t reinventing the wheel, its still diverse enough to not get boring. The maps are gorgeous as are the units.And the story... oh the story. If you have read the texts in the manual from HW1 regarding the history of Kharak and its Kiith this will be a pleasant reminder of that. It adds some details which fit nicely into the lore.The game-mechanics are nice, most units have one ore more special abilities which rewards micro managing. Line of sight plays a important role so the positioning of units can determine the outcome of encounters quite heavily. The way planes are handled is great, allowing the player to strike pretty much everywhere on the map while being quite micro intensive.There are some minor flaws, like the fact that you can´t queue research-options, but they don´t really hinder the fun.I played through the single player campaign in about seven hours and I must say, the price of the game is justifiable for that alone."
76561197970396929,Recommended,281610,29005343,Posted: 4 January,all,Wibs,"There's a lot of negativity surrounding this game. Mostly because of the silence from the development team. Lets get this straight first, yes this is a bad move on their part. But we're not here to review the development team. We're here to review the game as is.With that out of the way, let's look at the game.VISUALSGraphically speaking this sticks to the Homeworld format. Massive levels of zoom, incredible detail on the units and lots of nice whizbang effects for weapons and explosions. The camera is a touch finnicky to say the least. Without it automatically tracking units its easy to get lost in the desert. It can be argued that this is where the tactical map comes in, but I'd still like an out of the box solution for selecting my carrier without doing key rebinding. This also scales really well on your hardware too, I'm running a lower end PC and get a solid 50+ FPS on a GTX 560Ti.GAMEPLAYFast, frenetic and fun. Theres a little niggle here for me though. CU's and RU's. There simply aren't enough RU's in the game to make this worthwhile having as a system. I love shipbreaking and being able to snag more, but even still 100-200 RU's per deposit simply isn't enough unless you want an army of LAV's and Railguns. Nut honestly, thats my only real complaint gameplaywise. Its great to be able to just pick up and play, its a very basic, no nonsense RTS that allows you to jump into a turbulent time in the Homeworld universe.FINAL WORDSo, is it good? Yes. Is it worth full price? No. I picked this up on sale and I'm glad I did, the game is fun but I'm not certain it warrents the full asking price. If you're loking for a simple, fun and story driven RTS pick this up."
76561197960607338,Recommended,281610,27313136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,achondar,"Its very Nice on how the devs kept the feel from Homeworld 1 and 2. And he units still needs micromanagement for effective use. You can see this as a bad thing. but it keeps you focussed, and it forces you to keep a balanced army. is also nice that the units gain experience, and can level. so you need to keep the units alive."
76561197987629537,Recommended,281610,24013041,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xyranoth,"Real Time Strategy*Minor ClichesOverall 4 out of 5Complexity 4Graphics 5Immersive 4Innovative 3Game Pace 4Yes, this is Homeworld, despite being in a planet it's not another Command & Conquer.The game felt much like playing Dune 2 again (after 20 years!) and it has two very fundamental differences from the C&C series: The resources are more scarce and you need to be more responsible about it and the specialisation of the units require more active control of them other then just throwing hordes on your enemy.The main campaign has a well written and engaging plot, which makes the game far more immersive than RTSs normally are.There are some basic things missing, which is hard to understand the reason since this is a quality game. Managing formations of the groups for example is a nightmare, you can manually organise the units while on stop, but if you order an advance all becomes a huge mess by the different speeds. Another things that annoys me is the Skirmish standard ""build quickly and attack quickly"" strategy, I would expect a proper strategy game to do not reward this as when it works it flattens out the game, but that is recurrent in RTSs."
76561198002694080,Recommended,281610,23799224,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Redking,"Immersive story and mission based gameplay, great environmental effects.. A bit tedious on controls and management, and somewhat opaque when it comes to movement of the main ship. Linear gameplay and single faction campaign limits replayability."
76561197977928523,Recommended,281610,23865329,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Funky_Monk,I enjoyed the game but it's too short.
76561198046215193,Recommended,281610,28744927,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mortimyre,"All in all a pretty decent game. I was reluctant to buy it based on the previous reviews that had stated it had a game breaking glitch in mission 4. I did not have this problem, I don't know if it was updated or if I just managed to work around it by accident.As for a homeworld game, it is spot on with the game play experience, and the story line is pretty good. I am a little annoyed with Rachel's character though, and the game itself could have been a little longer. When I say a little longer I mean for real (only 16 hours), I played some of the mission twice just because I wanted the advantage later in the game, and I played the missions conservative as hell. If I were you I'd buy it when it's on sale."
76561198095513427,Recommended,281610,28184959,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,monteredento,"It has about 12 hours of singleplayer. I haven't played a multiplayer game yet.This is definitely an RTS for the oldbreed. Visually and tactically, it is a beautiful game. Also the music."
76561198130690457,Recommended,281610,28128842,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sunshine,"Absolutly thrilled that this game carries over so much of the style of the originals. Great contribution to Homeworld lore. All too often titles are revisited only to be mangled. Not the case here, wonderfully done.  Get it on sale however as there is only ~11 hours gametime in the campaign."
76561198008839159,Recommended,281610,22888833,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RAMBO2052,"if find the graphics asome the sound very good the best,but when u play skirmich lets say u and 4 AI well the map is not big enought they shuld have done maps that take 12 players and what is very bad is when u bye a  unit (when u are palying)its count for 1 and somes count for 6 units ,that bad because the maximum of units on the map is 125 unites maxthat suck will bad!!!!!!they shoul have put a ratio of 350hop they will fix it up i be able to upgrade the game with bigger maps and more unites on the maps,so has this sayed the game is to expensive at 56$ ive uld have payed 25$ not more. that because of the negative pointsbut if they fixe the game like i would have done i would be happy to paye 56$CNDso hope for the best"
76561197972832797,Recommended,281610,22901411,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Nerdgunner,"I am a big fan of the Homeworld series and I really enjoyed this game. I just wish there were more campaign. I can not get enough Homeworld story. I am so hungry for Homeworld story, please just feed me more Homeworld story. I am not a big fan of Homeworld multiplayer though, never was, so I can't really comment on the multiplayer aspect. I am not happy about the decision to make 75% of the achievements multiplayer based, but that's not a big complaint."
,Recommended,281610,23870229,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TAFKAV,"I can really only say that this game really has a fantastic aesthetic that speaks to me. The ships, the landscape, are all what I want from a game. It is truly beautiful to behold.  the campaign plays out in a very cinematic way encouraging you to keep playing to find out what happens next. I only wish that the unit cap was higher in skirmish games and that sometimes it has a very rock, paper, scissors playstyle. Other than that 5/5, would watch a movie based on this game / (Home)world."
,Recommended,281610,27587296,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,boomix,While short game for veterans of the genre it is a definite throwback to the Homeworld series. I've enjoyed the game quite a bit and nostalgia for Homeworld aside it is a great game.
76561198011769887,Recommended,281610,28069263,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[ZCM]CaptainZero,The story man...the story
,Recommended,281610,28127527,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tenth Wave,"This is arguably the best single-player campaign RTS experience I've ever played. It's hard to make the story of an RTS game engaging, but this game nails it. It's a very narrative heavy RTS game that actually made me feel. I was stressed and anxious, when I was put in a mission with limited resources. I was excited, when breakthroughs were achieved. I felt scared, when the narrative took twists and turns.As far as gameplay, everything felt balanced, thoughtout, and polished. It plays very similarly to the original Homeworld games, which I played and loved, but I could never fully wrap my head around operating in 3 dimensions on a large scale. The more compact and 2 dimensional space of this game was perfect for me. Every mission felt like a challenge, but a surmountable one if I was fast and clever enough. The voice-chatter of units in the game MUST be set to the maximum setting. The level of immersion that is created as your units are calling out to each other and different subordinates are feeding you reports and updates is awesome (honestly my favorite aspect of the game). There wasn't a single time my immersion was broken as a result of voiceover; all of it was very well-done.Cannot recommend highly enough.10/10 will play again on hardest difficulty"
76561198004811809,Recommended,281610,21399105,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SyntaxError2600,"Its hard not to see the beauty and the passionate harts of the talented development team that gave us this flowing majestic gem.My only knock, it’s a little short and I would have enjoyed a little more grinding when it came to the resources and upgrades.. It would also have been a good way to give us more of the background and story but i'm just sad its over.Love it, can’t wait for the next one..Homeworld 3??"
76561197965535915,Recommended,281610,34011974,Posted: 4 August,all,Camar,"I was sceptic to this game at first, I never was a real fan of the Homeworld series. But I must say I actually enjoyed this, but the campaign is much to short. I will recomend it for the story and very relaxed gameplay, except for 1-2 missions, but not at full price. If you see it on a good sale (75%) it can entertain for a weekend. Oh yes, it has no real replay value either what so ever. I took it VERY slow and managed to finish it under 12 hours, MUCH too short."
76561198069610591,Not Recommended,281610,20792808,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DragonTemplar4,"HomeWorld: Deserts Of Kharak- Deserts of kharak takes place 100 years before the events of the first game, which you follow Kiith S'jet to their eventual discovery of the Guide stone, while fighting through the endless Gaalsien Onsluaght.And thats the gist of the main story.Saddly BBI has abandoned the project in part becuase- A: GearBox owns the License to the Homeworld franchise- B: BBI is working on other projects one of which they have confirmed the HW Universe Discord is an FPS.If Ship breakers or hardware Breakers sounds familiar, its because that was the original idea for the game, Gearbox stepped in and made it into a full blown sqeual, so becuase of this BBI can't do anything with it becuase GearBox owns the Homeworld franchise.SO if BBI wanted to update the game that would have to go through GB which would likely get shot down pretty hard.As for the Multiplayer, since the MP community is so small, Tactics and Strategies start becoming predictable, and with the limited Unit variety its pretty difficult to avoid that."
76561198067607762,Recommended,281610,28846080,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Arctic Freeze,"This game is mindblowing in both graphics and storyline, I love the creativeness, the RTS factors and the mobile base. I hope there is more coming out along those lines relatively soon."
,Recommended,281610,29233908,Posted: 13 January,all,Siirenias,"This game turned out much better than I had expected.  The two factions feel very different and offer just enough variety to multiple play styles with both factions.  The story is a bit baffling for me, and also a bit frustrating (I want my Nabaal laser weapons!), but it remains compelling if one overlooks the retcons.  Oh, Sajuuk.  You need to be less places."
,Recommended,281610,29255644,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,Great throwback RTS.
,Recommended,281610,30408222,Posted: 9 March,all,FlightFight,This game is a really great RTS. A shame veery few people still play it online.A bit more options in units to select from would also be a most welcome addition.If any noob wants to play this game against me add me on Steam. Im also a noob since I haven't played this game in quite some time.
,Recommended,281610,29170621,Posted: 10 January,all,GarrickWinter,"While this is a prequel to the Homeworld games, I decided to play this first, and I was never lost or feeling left out. Even if this would be your first Homeworld game, go ahead and give it a shot!Deserts of Kharak is a game with very interesting pacing. Units turn and move quite slowly overall, and many ranged attacks take a while to land, but a combination of strong counters and powerful area of effect weapons means that once a battle starts it's often over very quickly, one way or another. The significant impact of terrain elevation on damage and your units' ability to see their targets is very easy to overlook, but beware: it really matters.Sometimes this all means one or two wrong choices will cripple your entire operation in seconds, but on the plus side you also have time to break off attacks, and your decisions really do matter - going into the same fight with a different mix of units and tactics can make a dramatic difference.The story is compelling if simple, and has a great mystical undertone that reminds me of Battlestar Galactica. The game is also beautiful - seriously, I don't think video game deserts have ever looked this good. Weapons fire satisfyingly, weather and sand effects are convincing, and the architectural and vehicle style is cohesive and immersive. The units are a bit visually indistinct at playable distances, but if you're managing hotkey groups actively it shouldn't be such a big deal.My main complaint with the game is the way it handles zooming and the visual (small-scale, pretty) versus tactical (large-scale, abstract) maps. Rather than smoothly transitioning between the two, there's a key transition, and moving from the tactical to the visual map often results in the camera ending up somewhere in the middle of nowhere. Double-clicking zooms you from the tactical map to a specific spot on the visual map, unless you’re double-clicking on a unit, but the camera angles often end up skewed away from whatever you had set it to before, and the camera is often zoomed too close to the ground as well.Oh, and couldn't the Escape key bring up the damned menu? You'd think.Aside from some interface frustrations, though, this is a great RTS game, suitably challenging and with great aesthetic and style. I highly recommend everyone interested try it out."
,Recommended,281610,29175003,Posted: 10 January,all,sharpshooter1776,"This game was great.Really story driven, and overall a great RTS... minor complaint for only 2 factions. But overall great story and gameplay."
76561198050434471,Recommended,281610,30449485,Posted: 11 March,all,celbrion,"This was a game that I longed to play for a time. I bought it with expecting to play a good RTS with stylish graphics. And I expected that strategy game has the ""classical RTS"" concept, like the Command and Conquer.So far I have played four missions but I can see to my expectations are well met. This game is a combination of C&C and Ground Control. Tactical gameplay (not detailed to death, but enough to enjoy), fast-paced combat and unit building, atmospheric maps (Dune themed, but no sand worms here), and very stylish graphics and sound effects.Well done developers! If you want a good oldie gameplay style RTS, this is your game."
,Recommended,281610,29281361,Posted: 15 January,all,Orion,"Beauty game, awesome strategy."
76561197972804693,Recommended,281610,29166488,Posted: 10 January,all,UnDeRaTeD,"As an avid fan of the original Homeworld games I was very excited when I first got wind of this title.  When I saw the carriers in the teaser videos they put out pre-release, I was sold.  I was not dissapointed.  The game is beautiful, stark, atmospheric, and a challenging RTS.  I hope to see more from the developers in future, hopefully in this same vein."
76561198137139589,Recommended,281610,30436942,Posted: 10 March,all,slevoune,"Great game, would love to see more campaigns though, this one is a little short"
,Recommended,281610,29181275,Posted: 11 January,all,Bambi,Every bit as great as the original. Pinnacle of the genre.
76561198031786838,Recommended,281610,30047675,Posted: 19 February,all,Chivas-RS,"I had a fun time playing the single player campaign!PROS:- Visuals and effects are nice.- Sound and radio chatter put you in the mood.- Great if you like RTS genre but is short of options lately.- Most missions have tense moments and major battles, but still you have plenty time to plan and to have fun with your armada.CONS:- Some pathfinding issues and stuff like that.- The campaign feels somewhat incomplete, but it`s OK as it is.- Some units feel unbalanced or useless (maybe it`s a matter of playing styles?)."
76561198097880474,Recommended,281610,29197073,Posted: 11 January,all,web,it is like playing a movie... the graphics are PHENOMINAL!! / the story itself is good!
76561198200128774,Recommended,281610,30599153,Posted: 18 March,all,StuKardius,"Good game that reminds you of the original.  The story ended too quick, as there could have been a few more levels."
76561197969894310,Recommended,281610,30524634,Posted: 15 March,all,Claymore,"If you are looking for a satisfying, polished and engaging single player RTS experience this simply put is the best example released in recent years.  I can't comment on multiplayer or skirmish but the campaign mode is in my opinion a perfectly balanced and rewarding experience that is highly recommended."
,Recommended,281610,30820452,Posted: 29 March,all,-=HeLLMaKeR=-,"One of the best rts games for me, right behind both Homeworlds!Especially the atmosphere, it is amazing!"
76561197993211295,Recommended,281610,31924248,Posted: 23 May,all,JakeVooDoo,"HomeWorld is still my all time favorite game. So this was a Great treat to get back into that world. If you haven't played HomeWorld, go and buy the upgraded version."
76561198042437401,Recommended,281610,30560150,Posted: 16 March,all,OwenTG4242,A wonderful addition to the homeworld line. Made both in the lore and spirit of the original Homeworld game. A must play for those who enjoyed the story and gameplay of the old games.Words cannot describe the emotions I felt playing this. It was like I was 10 again and playing the original on my dinky desktop. Thank you.
,Recommended,281610,33474225,Posted: 12 July,all,Homeless Gaming,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak as a first RTS game from Gearbox/Blackbird isn't as great as Homeworld 1, 2, or Cataclysm, but thoes were great and are still great games, Deserts of Kharak is a good game, in no way superior to previoulsy mentioned games, fun to play, and nice addition to the lore.Gameplay isn't as strategic as in the predecesors but fun and challenging (Until you notice how overpowered are fighters and you spam them)Music On par with the previous but that was to be expected.Animations, Interesting, and visualy better than those in Homeworld 1, 2 but completly different style, so it's like comparing apples to oranges.Graphics on par with The remastered collection.If you like RTS you'll have great time playing it, but forgot about it the moment you switch it off. It doesn't have anything that mesmerizes."
76561197983029034,Recommended,281610,28253955,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,NUMBNUTTS,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is an exceptional addition to the Homeworld franchise. It has many different features to the space RTS predicessor and many, many similarities which make it easy to slide into. I will lay these datails out in the pros and cons.Pros:1) The feel and control of the game is virtually the same, with very minor differences such as a stream lined sensor use.2) The visuals are fantastic and the sounds, voices and interactions are perfectly in tuned with the original productions.3) The story is strong and connects strongly and perfectly with the original stories.4) Love the way that aerial vehicles were used in this game. Feels more authentic as they are called in for a singular strike and must RTB for refuel and re-arm before another strike may be made.5) Topography matters. Placement of units on high ground or low ground matters. You can also use topographical elements such as large sand dunes to conceal your units from long range strikes from rail guns so that they must close the distance in order to engage your units so that you can overwhelm them in short order.Cons:1) The campaign is short, you can see my time is only 8 hours. Those 8 hours were spent on the campaign from beginning to end on normal difficulty.2) The Unit selection for production is not as vast and diverse as the original series. This however can be explained away with the fact that this game takes place before the advancements in technology in the original games.3) Once you getSiege Cruisersand screen them behindbattle or assault cruiserswith support cruisers the game plays itself, it is the Homewold version of the Star Craft Carrier Spam.Overall the game is fantastic, any fan of the original series or new comer will fill right at home and will love playing this game."
76561197961965759,Recommended,281610,33463831,Posted: 11 July,all,Atralis,It has a short (about 8 hours) but very fun campaign.  If you can get it on sale and like RTS games I'd highly recommend it.It actually feels like it maintains a lot of Homeworldish elements even though it is set on the ground because of the wide open spaces and your fleet of vehicles carrying over between missions.
76561197990832801,Recommended,281610,22489599,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,KIKIRIKI,"If you liked Homeworld, you need to buy this. Note I said need, not should. You need oxygen, you need water, and trust me, you need this game.During the last scene in the campaign I literally had goosebumps as the antagonist verbally and oh-so assuringly pointed out the obvious. Which, dispite having come to the conclusion long before, really triggered a slew of emotions few games, if any, have evoked. You owe it to yourself to experience this."
,Recommended,281610,33468236,Posted: 11 July,all,RpTheHotrod,I highly recommend this if you're into dynamic RTS games.
76561198137430756,Recommended,281610,33491567,Posted: 12 July,all,Bigler,New Starcraft. Worth every cent
76561197995285223,Recommended,281610,27530680,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chickens,Excellent game - like a cross between Homeworld and Dune 2.  I highly recommend if you like RTS games.
76561197965088682,Recommended,281610,28592781,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hicks,One of the finest RTS games i have played. Short but beautiful Singleplayerstory and every MP-battle is fun. If you are into RTS games this one is a must have.
76561198028147930,Recommended,281610,20670029,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Prog,need more missions! DLCs please!
76561197970509315,Recommended,281610,24209905,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tam,"Overall, a solid game whose flaws are more than made up for by excellent atmosphere and style. Gameplay is similar to Homeworld, mostly minus the Z axis*, and has not been made overly complicated, which personally I approve of.* Some units benefit in terms of visibility (and damage?) from a height advantage.+Great atmosphere; looks and sounds like a Homeworld game. Paul Ruskay is the composer of the music, as he was for the earlier Homeworld games.+As far as science fiction goes, the story is plausible and interesting and does not contradict lore established by the earlier games (note: Deserts of Kharak is a prequel).+Units gain bonuses if they see enough combat, giving some incentive to play optimally.-AI is rudimentary and unchallenging, even on hardest (Classic) difficulty. Enemy attacks en masse happen only by chance or when scripted to.-Blobs of units, self-repairing and requiring very little micromanagement, are a little too viable as a tactic."
,Recommended,281610,23802686,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Otaku,"Being originally a member of the ""Delta Team"" beta testers, I got to see what i ""would have been"", and ""what it became"".I'm happy with the result. In addition to buying the game, I had also recieved a free copy of both HWRM and HW:DoK - which I gifted to a friend who wanted to try the series.Besides of being a BBI-FAN and long term homeworld fan, this is a game that deserves a better review than what I am capable of writing."
,Recommended,281610,20829700,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,integ3r,"Singleplayer delivers the homeworld feel pretty well. The feeling of isolation and limited resources is really nice. The persistent units and veterancy helps with giving you a sense of what is at stake.However it is short, and the AI isn't anything special but is challenging enough in the campaign as it can spawn tons of units and is heavily scripted.Skirmish isn't great, as there's too few maps and the AI cannot counter air units and in general isn't very good.Multiplayer isn't great either. The tech tree isn't entirely visible, so you'll have to memorize it while the gameplay is mostly focused on ""getting a bigger blob"" of units than your opponent.The game is not very focused on decisionmaking or strategy. There's little sense of ""outsmarting"" your opponent as it is you're ""outplaying"" him by keeping up your production constantly, getting the upgrades at the right times and expanding at the right time. You're not setting traps or making elaborate plans. You're just building units and trying to keep your economy intact while doing it.Some units have special abilities but they are not the focal point of the gameplay.TL;DR: The singleplayer campaign is interesting. Skirmish and multiplayer is not very interesting."
,Recommended,281610,23994993,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mdzapeer,"Worthy entry to the Homeworld franchise, and the same kind of gripping story as well. Unity engine rears its ugly problems though with stuttering. But you will be so engrossed in the gameplay that you will not notice.Top notch sound,graphics and gameplay only brought down with engine straining under the battles. 9/10 Must play."
,Recommended,281610,24075741,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Clockwork,"This is smooth game with a great Homeworld aesthetic. The campaign is satisfying and the continuity of resources between missions was an interesting concept, both punishing and rewarding, that fits well into the game's narative."
,Recommended,281610,23874594,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,A. Kulesza,This game is truly amazing. At first i was i was worried but after playing the first mission i fell in love. Reminds me of the classic Command and Conquer.
76561197973582000,Recommended,281610,23936521,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tonykelly201,"Absolutely loved it! Reminds me of the original Homeword - just draws you in with a great story and challenging missions that have multiple ways of ""beating"" the enemy. Yes, too short - but obviously (Hopefully!) they are planning multiple expansions. Great game!"
76561198000022908,Recommended,281610,23969691,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Necroledo,"I got this game on the 2016 Summer Sale, along with the 2 multiplayer factions DLCs. I've seen the game did lack some important features like replays on launch, but that had been fixed before I got the game, so I have no issues with it as it is right now. If you're looking for a short answer: yes, I highly recommend this game. If you're looking for the long answer, keep reading.I played the original Homeworld quite some time ago. I enjoyed the story and aesthetics, so I was very excited to play this prequel to the lore. While I haven't yet completed the campaign, so far I'm loving it. I've also played a few skirmish matches against the AI, and I can't wait to play against other players (there seems to be an organized MP community which makes it very easy to find people).First of all, the aesthetics. Each and every unit is amazing in design. They're heavily based on real life navy ships and submarines, except they move on tracks, wheels or gravitic drives and have an abundance of railguns. To someone like me, who loves the concept of landships, these units are very lovable and worth a 3D print or LEGO build, and the camera controls allow great angles and unit tracking. Visual effects are superb too: sonic booms from railguns, realistic fungus-shaped explosions, wreckage left on the ground, aircraft sent down in flames to crush into the ground and spread scrap all over the place... When combined with the sound, the atmosphere is very believable: units talk casually between themselves, send thanks for support, advise on sensor warnings... It feels just like an aircraft carrier operation.And it plays like one too. Each unit has its own role, and it excels on it. For example: LAVs are very fast and great against slow guns like railguns, but can be defeated with area-of-effect weapons or heavy armor. Railguns are meant to attack slow, armored targets at great range. Support cruisers repair units, and aircraft perform surgical strikes on designated areas (gunships in particular circle around their targets shooting laterally as if they were C-130 's!). Line of sight is vital: you will want to keep your units on top of dunes, especially railguns, and you can activate a heigth map by pressing V to find the best spots: for me, it makes the game into a nice mixture of macro and tactical RTS. As with other Homeworld games, you can activate a zoomed out view of the map in sensor mode, by pressing the spacebar, which is of great help to keep an eye on everything.There is no basebuilding. Your carrier is your most important unit: you lose it, you lose. It produces the vast majority of units, if not all of them, deploying them in a similar way a real life amphibious carrier would: this also contributes a lot to the feeling of managing both an aircraft carrier operation and a desert tank battle. As with everything else, it is mobile and can defend itself, although you will have to choose which subsystems to activate on it. Resource collecting is done by sending collectors to scrap metal locations, and breaking down spaceship wrecks into collectable scrap. You will want to support your collectors. Resources (there are 2 of them) are spent on units and research, which is done in your carrier, for improving your units.There are 2 factions in the vanilla game: the Coalition and the Gaalsians, which act as protagonists and antagonists of the campaign. While similar, they are played completely differently: Gaalsian units are hovering and thus much more mobile, and can deploy Production Cruisers that build other units anywhere on the map... but are also the only way to produce these units. The Coalition produces all units in the Carrier and is less mobile due to wheels and tracks, but are sturdier and can deploy turrets and sensors.The 2 multiplayer faction DLCs add the Soban and the Khaaneph, to use in multiplayer matches. They can be considered as subfactions of the other 2, with similar yet different playstyles, as well as models and voices. They bring quite a good variety to MP matches,so I highly recommend them if you are interested on playing against other players or the AI, outside of the campaign that is.So: if you like RTS, desert vehicle combat, navy-like science fiction, landships, the Homeworld series, and a great and unique atmosphere, you will definitively enjoy Deserts of Kharak. And if you are very interested on the multiplayer aspects of it, the 2 MP faction DLCs are highly recommended as well. I suggest to wait for a sale, though; full price is a bit too high in my opinion."
,Recommended,281610,24143111,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sardonic,"It's pretty much exactly what you think it is:  A ground combat Homeworld.  It makes full use of the story potential of being the prequel to Homeworld.  The aesthetics are top-notch, graphics are good.It's basically Mad Max Fury Road meets Homeworld."
76561197972437397,Recommended,281610,24187087,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,lonesword02,"Deserts of Kharak is the planet-bound Homeworld game we've been waiting for. Take all of the tactical adjustments you made in space and map them on a three dimensional, ground battlefield and that's what you get here. Numerous times I found myself sweeping in a unit of AAV's to deploy smoke to delay an advance of enemy railguns; or cycling between fighters and bombers to suppress my opponent's ability to produce new units.This game will delight any long-time Homeworld fan both with its story and gameplay. The campaign is similar in length to previous games and the skirmish mode offers plenty of single-player replayability. Graphics are polished and look great as you zoom in to watch your units take the field.The only drawback is the system requirements. I have a relatively beefy system, but it struggled to maintain framerates when large clusters of units got into a firefight. Turning down graphics settings seemed to have little effect. I also missed the end of mission ""jump"" that allowed you time to gather excess resources to use in following missions."
76561198052347169,Recommended,281610,24317695,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AK_Icebear,"A fun game with high production values - single player is worth ~ USD 20, those who want multiplayer may get much more value.+ Amazing production values, both for game visuals and the campaign story+ Best audio chatter in any game+ Intuitive controls, fun to play+ Campaign that is short and sweet - doesn't drag on~ Mediocre Steam controller support- Limited reason to replay campaign, which is only ~10 hours- Some issues when trying to switch to resolutions about 1080p - possible but requires some tweaks to the launching setup, rather than in game options"
,Recommended,281610,23828195,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Stush,"As a big fan of the originals, I was surprised at how well this game captured the spirit of the original, I had a lot of fun playing through the campaign. The presentation is incredible, Great UI design, amazing sound design (The units occasionally having conversations during missions was a really nice touch that I enjoyed a lot), the campaign was good, it felt a little short but maybe that's because I played it for 12 hours in one day, I was so addicted.Honestly my only complaint was that the story could have used a few more side bits, The Junkyard and Kadeshi parts of homeworld were some of the most memorable, because of how strange they were, the game could have used some moments like that, but other than that, I loved it. Can't recommend it highly enough."
76561198013195641,Recommended,281610,24101243,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,L2_loki,"hmmmm. dont realy wright reviews, :P mainly couse my spelling is bad lol. but i felt i had to wright some thing about this game.its a good game. ealsy worth the money. just finished the campain, good story. has that homeworld feel. might give the multiplayer a shot now.and thats it.have fun!"
76561197985818492,Recommended,281610,24106279,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Deek Blue,"If you're a die-hard Homeworld fan, you've probably have played it already. Going back to Kharack is still exciting, as everything (visuals, sounds, UI) try to give you the ""homeworld"" feeling.But despite all this, HW:DoK is still a very basic RTS when it comes to gameplay.Once the singleplayer campaign completed, which is rather cool but not unforgettable, I'didn't find myself going back to heavy comp-stomping or multi, because of the basic gameplay.All-in-all, not a bad game, but still really under the high standards that Homeworld franchise have always set before."
,Not Recommended,281610,28779690,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Quinantine,Neat game with good mechanics and play but untill they fix the game stopped bugs its useless
,Recommended,281610,30095269,Posted: 22 February,all,ravis411,Single player was really great...not enough people play this game tho for multiplayer. Finished the campaign on normal in about 10 hours.
76561198026256192,Recommended,281610,29481197,Posted: 25 January,all,Ross,"I really enjoyed the story of this game, but it felt incomplete. I was expecting more missions, more upgrades (max ie max out carrier). Still had fun, not as good as original."
76561198098480040,Recommended,281610,31573979,Posted: 5 May,all,BlackSuit Cowboy,Enjoyed playing this game. Been a diehard fan since homeworld 1 released back in 1999.
,Recommended,281610,29409758,Posted: 21 January,all,Madigon,"If you're a Homeworld fan this is a decent entry into the series. The terrain looks awesome even though it's all desert, the gameplay is solid although not revolutionary, 'classic mode' lets you carry your forces and resources into the next mission (and is pretty difficult), and the missions are pretty fun.There are probably better RTSs out there, but this one is Homeworld and it's not a travesty. So I really enjoyed it."
76561198287757625,Recommended,281610,30298739,Posted: 3 March,all,dryson,"Homeworld:Deserts of Kharak, continues the tradition of what is not even contestable as being the first RTS environment. Homeworld and Homeworld 2 brought about an era of game play that has inspired hundreds of games such as Eve Online. A dedicated HW fan is able to see the connections.""Mothership.""Homeworld 2 : Eye of Aaran that cannot be traveled through.Eve Online : The Eve Gate collapsed trapping explorers in New Eden.Homeworld 2: Both S'jet and Maakan were isolate from the rest of the crew in vat tanks surrounded by embryonic fluid.Eve Online : Pilots are contained in ""Egg Shaped"" pods containing fluidHomeworld 2: There is a an ""Easter Egg"" that is part of the models but is never used.Homeworld 2: S'jet and Maakan are attached to each ship controlling its functions via implants.Eve Online : Pilots controll the ship functions surrounded by crew using implants.Homeworld : Deserts of Kharak : The Kushans begin to build great ships that will take them on a search for Hiigara using the Guidestone.Eve Online : Recently the Dev's of Eve Online has discussed introducing Exoplanet searches of finding something new that revolves around a lead female scientist being the instructor just like Rachel and Karan S'JetIt's obvious the comparissons are there and that the Homeworld series of RTS is the Hyperspace Core for Eve Online."
76561198134670471,Recommended,281610,31649753,Posted: 9 May,all,Herpaderpalots,Mad Max meets Star Wars in this awesome RTS. This game has a distinct feel from other RTS games and is severly underated. Definitely the strongest entry of the Homeworld series. Dreamlands youtube channel has some good content of this game if you are considering buying.
76561198018569200,Recommended,281610,29487200,Posted: 25 January,all,Rooibaard,"Please note this game is not like the Homeworlds before it.It is a great RTS on the ground, with a nice variety of units and mission types in the campaign.A great story to boot, though a bit on the short side, it took me 10 hours to complete the campaign."
,Recommended,281610,29933175,Posted: 14 February,all,Blarbo,"I've only played the single player campaign, but I really enjoyed it. It was really short, and very easy, especially compared to Homeworld.But the game is so damn stylish. It nailed the atmosphere of Homeworld."
13241342145235564,Recommended,281610,29224058,Posted: 13 January,all,Jai,If you want to buy this for a good single player campaign and the odd bot skirmish then wait for a sale. It's a very interesting and engaging story from start to finish and feels right at home in the homeworld universe. However if you want to buy the game for Multiplayer I wouldn't bother the game is as good as dead i'm sorry to say. It's a shame really the gameplay is amazing and MP could have been pretty fun but oh well I got my fun out the story and fighting the bots I got my monies worth.
76561198182071277,Recommended,281610,32947058,Posted: 28 June,all,what a hell'uva way to die,"Good game with a unique aestethic of naval warfare on treads, complete with land battleships and carriers."
,Recommended,281610,24664329,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Vode,"Everything about this game is absurdly well done. The immaculate detail in the models, the captivating art design, well directed storyline, and multiplayer is to die for. BBI themselves work very closely with the community and truly are in it for their fans and for their creation.I cannot for the life of my understand why this game is not more popular.  The community needs to do everything it can to spread the word."
,Not Recommended,281610,24146488,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fangzy,Game is buggy and has issues with performance. Very hard to play with a 970 due to the hard FPS drops. Maybe wait a year to buy.
,Recommended,281610,29300416,Posted: 16 January,all,Roberto577,"Ignore every bad review. This game is great, the only problem that bothers me is that there's no ability to save in skirmishes, but it's fast paced, even more than the other Homeworlds, so it's not a problem. If you liked the other Homeworlds, you'll love this."
,Recommended,281610,20819349,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Roxby,"So long have we waited for Homeworld 3.   This is a wonderful game.  It really captures what homeworld is about.  I hope that many people will buy this game, and they will create another great legacy."
76561197972287768,Recommended,281610,28368913,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Drunkenkitten,"Not a perfect game by any means, but pretty enough looking and sounding to add a sort of aesthetic enjoyment in playing, and the strategy genre is few and far between nowadays. The music, artwork and scenery are genuinly enjoyable, and the story is passable enough to string it all together. The campaign is fairly short, but to be honest if you're like me and don't have too long to sink into a game its a decent enough length.Its hard to describe why I wouldn't call this game great, despite it having hints of greatness. The camera can be hard to get just right - its always close enough to work, but never quite comfortable. I often wanted to zoom out slightly more than allowed, meaning I spent half the game in the strategic overview map view, clicking on little icons when I really wanted to be seeing the action in all its visual glory. Theres no mini map, so you will often find yourself feeling slightly out of the loop.I haven't delved into the multiplayer too much yet, but after a couple of skirmishes the mechanics strike me as averagely good for online play - its the sort of thing I imagine playing with some friends a few times then dropping, as opposed to getting competitive like company of heroes or one of the other big strategy titles.Overall - 7/10, pick up on sale and enjoy, and try to enjoy the atmosphere throughout the relatively short ride."
76561197960531444,Recommended,281610,29767185,Posted: 7 February,all,Spiffguru,"Deserts of Kharak has most of the elements that make a great sci-fi RTS, but it comes together a bit clumsily in the end-- especially where UI and controls are concerned-- so that it's harder to play than it need be, and harder to recommend than it should be. As a long-time Homeworld fan I was pleasantly surprised at how well Deserts translates some of the aesthetic and design of previous games to a ground-based game. Deserts has great visuals and exciting sound worthy of the franchise. Unfortunately, the game is bogged down by a clunky hotkey system in comparison to previous Homeworld titles so that it can be hard to find and control units easily. Though the build menu allows you to create a queue, the research menu does not, and you can only access this by selecting the mothership (rather than just pressing 'r'). Altogether, there's a lot to like here, but it lacks the refinement that has given games like the original Homeworld its staying power as an RTS."
,Recommended,281610,20670028,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JonHandby,"I am a huge fan of the original homeworld series, 1, 2 and Cataclysm. So when Homeworld remastered got released last year, I spent a huge amount of time working my way through the missions and the skirmish mode.When I found out that Shipbreakers wasn't far off I took the decision to stop playing and move onto something else , and a day after it was released as Deserts of Kharak I have already completed the games campaign in the easy mode.So what does this game have to offer?If you are a fan of the RTS games like C&C or Supreme Commander then this is a must for you, even if you didnt like the original homeworld games.The ground orientated combat is merged seemlessly with homeworlds ambiance and storytelling as you guide an expidition though the war torn banded desert on the hunt for an artifact that will save your race.Yup - you guessed it if you didnt already know, this is a prequel and you ultimatley find the Khar-Toba, which would lead onto the Guidestone, and onto Homeworld 1...What doesnt this game have?Well, I'd like to say a long story, its only 13 missions long which was a bit of a disapointment, i would have liked to have played a bit longer.Also the game seems to end each mission very quickly not allowing you to harvest the local resources and find artifacts that remain. Surely a mission like this, that would be a key focus. Similar to homeworld 1.Also there are only a handful of skirmish maps, so I am hoping the developers release some FREE DLC soon with added maps, maybe some of the missions converted into skirmish maps as each mission map was excellently crafted.All-in-all this for homeworld fans and other RTS fans alike, this game is a must.But remember if like me you have an older system to turn the graphics down before you launch into the campaign as its difficult to change the settings unless if you use the main menu options pannel. There is one mission in particular that is a graphics hog.So why did i metion that I stopped playing the remastered games?I had a feeling that the last scene in the last mission would get me wanting to play the other games again.And I wasnt dissapointed when I heard something familiar in the last cutscene. Im looking forward to playing homeworld 1 again after this. And I hope we see more new homeworld coming soon!"
76561198234527540,Recommended,281610,23023552,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,REDWOLF,"Pros:Great game, incredible graphics and attention to details.Gameplay is easy and similar to any other RTS game.Good story that will keep you inerested right till the end.Cons:VERY SHORT!!!Was very disappointed when i completed the game in 8 hours!My advice, wait until its on sale and buy it."
76561198020939488,Recommended,281610,33473816,Posted: 12 July,all,Carnwulf,Great Atmosphere and Music are the selling points of this game.The RTS Single Player is solid however felt a little bit short. Also Replaybility falls short because there is no Sandbox Conquest like for example in Dawn of war soulstorm.I cant tell how the multiplayer is because i am mostly a singleplayer.In my opinion: Absolutly worth 20 or below (expecially if you like Homeworld or great atmosphere) but it is hard to pay 50 or 60 for a game with little replaybility.
76561198025827970,Recommended,281610,33392792,Posted: 8 July,all,LT.Donuts,"I wasn't sure about this game from the look of it, since it's not as diverse or colorful as say Starcraft. I was worried it might be a little too tactical considering I'm not the best when it comes to micromanaging. I got it  during the summer sale and I am really glad that I did. It's a beautiful game and I was totally engrossed in it. It was a lot different from my favorites, Starcraft and C&C, but there wasn't a steep learning curve. There are a lot of special abilities to units if you want to be more tactical, but I found the gameplay wouldn't be hampered by sticking with basic formations and manuevers. I only played on normal mode and I found that to my level, but it would probably be too easy for someone looking for a challenge.The one thing I found lacking in the end was that the campaign felt a bit short and I was lefting wanting more. I hope that there is a sequel to the game as I found the story and cinematics to be good and it would be nice to see where the narrative goes from there. Skirmish leaves something to be desired and that contributed to feeling like the story campaign was way too short. Only a handful of maps and no variety in gameplay leaves me feeling like it was only an afterthought. I'm glad I bought it, but I probably wouldn't have felt as satisfied as I did had I paid full price for it."
76561198161500388,Not Recommended,281610,33571544,Posted: 15 July,all,PainNSuffrng,An incredibly beautiful game with excellent graphics and game play. Extremely boring.
,Recommended,281610,33496311,Posted: 12 July,all,aaronmcquaid,A pretty solid RTS. I enjoyed the single player mode. 7/10
76561197977269605,Not Recommended,281610,33558048,Posted: 15 July,all,Thermes,Just 3 words: No rebinable keys
76561198048305156,Not Recommended,281610,33601330,Posted: 16 July,all,metal_monkey_666,"Massive fan of the Home World brand, and RTS games in general. I bought the Deserts Of Kharak bundle and couldn't wait to get into it.  There's lots to like about the game, the story line and concept has so much potentual. Sadly it didn't delivar. The single player story mode is really short. I took my time cleaning out the levels, extracting resources and building more than I needed to finish each level. Even then I finished the game after about 10 hours. I never felt challenged or lost a battle in a level. Not once. Found the unit attack / movement controls some what buggy and not consistent.  Enermy AI low and predicable. No reason to re play, I'll be removing this off the HDD now that I completed the game. Did I feel like I wasted my money?  No, I bought it on special about $12. It was worth two coffees."
76561198043265574,Recommended,281610,33465886,Posted: 11 July,all,flacons23,"good game, but get it while it on sale because 50 dollars is redicolous for a game that can be completed in 9 hours"
,Recommended,281610,29590952,Posted: 30 January,all,Jaunty,"Single player was everything you could want out of a homeworld game.Unfortunately, the multiplayer lobby system was completely broken for me and a friend, and the lack of customization options (like being able to import badges) was tragic.I love HW for its story and design, and this game scratches both those itches and plays like a dream in single player, so it gets a recommend from me. However, if you're looking for a multiplayer RTS, this will likely not be a good purchase for you."
,Not Recommended,281610,30479852,Posted: 12 March,all,RoBorg,"Before anything: this isn't a bad game. It's just... not good enough.I actually enjoyed playing through its campaign, but sadly I never really felt the homeworld feeling of the firts two chapters.Drawings are still cool. But that's it.To be more precise, two kind of player will play this game:- those who played Homeworld and/or Homeworld 2- those who didn'tClever, am I not?---------------Anyway, for the latter it's simple: it's not a RTS that you might like, played out of the blue, with no memories about the first two chapters. The few things the plot shows are just as empty as a wall paint plot evolution drying up, if you don't know what those things will become in the future (aka Homeworld 1).---------------For the former... eh.What made great Homeworld 1/2?Pathos, empathy, tactics, epicness. All in a strategic game in an era where only a coulpe of RTS could claim this much.Let's see some of the reasons, with their counterpart in DoK.---------------- That feeling of sad pride. The sacrifice of the Bentusi. That ""The Mothership must survive"" just before the hyperjump. ==> NOTHING relevant happens in DoK. It sould be a prequel. In fact is just as deep as ONE of the story drawings of HW1.- 3D battles, with absolute control over the fleet formation, the attack angles, flanking moves, scouting the void, hiding in nebulas, etc.==> Deserts of Kharak it's a 2D flat map. Some obstacles here and there. No tactical choices. Nearly fixed paths. Paradoxically, the 3D nearly empty maps of HW1/2 felt more elaborated and rich of opportunities.- Impressive number of ways to battle. Bait enemies. Or draw fire and go bomber.  Or Frigate rolling stone, protected by Fighters. Or battlecruisers blast and hyperjump off. Or kamikaze-probes =)==> Assault units vs Railgun, Armored vs Assault, Railgun vs Armored. Stop. Then you get battlecruisers. At that poin sell every small unit aside antiaerial and go battlecruisers: they can rush through the entire campaign by simple autoattack movement.- The option to destroy the subsystems of a capital ship to cripple it before finishing it was a master's touch in the creation of HW2.==> Removed. No subsystems. And I don't mean that ""you can't destroy them"". You cannot even build them. It's all just research. Mandatory research.- Hyperspace tactical jumps. No explainations needed.==> No Hyperspace jumps at all. No explainations needed. And it would be acceptable: I mean, the hyperpace jumps are not jet discovered. But at least some form of tactical movements. Air carriers for quick movement. Something...- An assorted fleet with a spot for every. single. unit. Even the simplest explorer or the Fighter had a solid role in the tactics.==> You get to build the battleships? You can forget of the small veicles. Only keep the ones for antiaerial defense. Go battleships and trample everything.- Capturing. This was one of the pillars of the whole game in Homeworld 1. Still great in Homeworld 2.==> Capturing is just a side effect if a skill that says ""immediately destroy one enemy unit"". Also bad AI that keeps firing to the captured unit, often blasting it apart, while it's being driven to the Carrier for conversion.- Speaking of losses you had to build an assorted fleed, manage it cleverly, and never, ever, let something bigger than a corvette be destroyed. You needed to deploy your best tactics most of the time.==> The final, big, decisive battle? Select your fleet and send it in autoattack in the approximative direction of the target. Done. Thanks. Goodbye. The previuos battles? Select your army and send it in the direction of the objective. You have plenty of resources to win the campaign with that, and plenty of army slots to trample everything with just marginal losses fully refillable.- The immense satisfaction of starting each mission with an undersized army if compared to the enemy, and win by raw tactics and strategy.==> I have NEVER seen more than 3-4 enemy cruisers in the same screen, in DoK. My fleet had 26 of them. And anything smaller got shredded by artillery way before getting in range.- Split your forces. Protect the collectors. Attack the objective. Send units to escort the ally. All while protecting the Mothership!==> Just move your entire fleet, Carrier included along the path, and harvest resources as you pass by them. Also no need to protect the Carrier: it can fend off any attack in normal difficulty with no help from anything. So use fleet to attack, and Carrier / Support Cruiser to harvest.- Research tree. Nothing new even in HW1/2, ok, but still gave the player the chance to define the fleet priorities.==> In DoK might as well remove it. Most upgrade are mandatory story driven. Those who aren't you have plenty of time and resources to research them. And half of them just unlocks in the last 2 missions. When you don't really need anything more to win (in my playthrough the enemy Carrier - the objective of the mission - drifted from its path lured by accident by a collector, got close to my cruisers, and got blasted while I was happily micromanaging the mine-laying-duty on the other side of the fleet).------------------------------Final verdict: I had great hopes. But if you really want to feel the Homeworld you love, just play HW1/2. And if you have never player HW before, play HW1/2. Non-remastered version. Remastered version is still story-beautiful, but the game itsel is somehow way easier.One ""could-have-been-good"" point: gathering artifacts for powering up the Carrier was a good idea, but largely underdeveloped, sadly.As a note: I played the whole campaign in normal difficulty. Some critics regarding ""how hard the game is not"" might not be valid in hard difficulty. This I do not know.Still, if I compare this normal difficulty to HW1/2 normal difficulty, the gap is huge. DoK is really, really too easy."
,Recommended,281610,23847075,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[DT] BABYMETAL,"This game is beautiful.It was well-crafted and designed with absolute attention to the littlest things that just gets you in the downtimes while moving from skirmish to skirmish to pitched battle on the dunes.Its campaign was not too long that it'd overstay its welcome and not too short that it skimps on details.For someone already working and completely burned out on shallow open-world trite, this was just perfect.Overall, I'm looking forward to the next installment if there is one."
76561198077720094,Recommended,281610,24030415,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Maverik,"Just finished the camaign and absolutely loved the entire playthrough. Engaging storyline, fresh units, classic combat style and nice graphics backed by excellent voice acting, I couldn't stop playing the game until I had it seen it through to the end!Definitely recommended for both new & old players of homeworld, The game makes an effort to stay true to its homeworld roots while bringing something fresh to the table as a sequel.My only gripe: it ended too fast! 9 hours in, I've finished campaign with little effort (at normal difficulty). While I'll revisit the missions at classic difficulty now, it's unlikely to take me more than 24 hours of gameplay to finish it at this rate. Still, it's not a big con as the campaign is meant to get you comfortable with the game and it does that quite well. Now for the real challenge, I have to explore the multiplayer side of things where homeworld has always shined.Tips for players new to the game or genre:The AI in this game appears to have unlimited resources. It doesn't harvest anything so if you're hoping to just wait it out, it'll never stop sending squads your way. Yet instead of taking it as a negative aspect, use it! It's an excellent way to level your units up and raise their ranks if you position them correctly with a supporting cruiser backing them.Make extensive use of Rachael's hacking & emp ability. The enemies railgun cruiser is devestating in large enough numbers and can only be acquired through hacking (hacking requires upgrade for this but you will get it in due course of campaign)Units are precious as experience is hard to come by. Take care of your units. You may have a lot of resource at hand but new units cannot replace your veterans right out of factory. Make sure you keep them safe."
76561197970572317,Recommended,281610,24168315,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Fenix.NZ,"A good solid strategy in the Homeworld Universe.I was genuinely interested by the campaign and the narritives between missions - which is massively unusual in the quagmire of modern gaming.The attention to detail on the vehicles and the easy camera controls make everything nice. Watching from the perspective of the Gaalsean scum as they go  Cruise missile vs. Face .. pricelessDont buy the DLC though, doesnt add anything worthwhile and one of the Soban DLC is broken ( cant increase pop cap .... hard to defeat the zealots with only 5 craft )9/10"
76561198007742776,Recommended,281610,23816927,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Arch Magos Vivac,"If you are looking for great story and tradational RTS game play, then look no further. If you want to get that same feeling as when you played Homeworld 1 & 2, or any of the orignal Command and Conqure games for the first time, then get this game. This game was fantastic, I would highly reccomend this game."
76561198037685934,Recommended,281610,25580711,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jorad,"Great game, loved the campaign which I played the most. Loved having this foundational story to the original Homeworld saga. If you can get this on sale, I highly reccommend it. Not quite worth the 50$ pricetag though since not many play the multiplayer, its all about the campaign. So as I've said, pick this game up on sale. The DLC for it is sadly only for multiplayer, no added units for the campaign. Would def buy a sequel or new Homeworld game if they offered it with a just as good if not better campaign!"
76561198262953603,Recommended,281610,22660528,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,lhainmetal,gooooooooooooood
76561198188756890,Recommended,281610,22884489,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,nightfall,one of best rts i ever played grate story. action game . good grafic and music. that how rts need to be . waiting for the next campain
76561198076627087,Recommended,281610,24255673,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Firestar2525,"Amazing. It holds true to the epic narative that it has always had and delivers on the feeling of total control over your units that every RTS should have. The terrain design is brilliant allowing you to utilise your units perfectly throught the story. The attention to detail is absolutly amazing, such as the landing gear on the aircraft actually deploying and compressing during landing sequences.The only problem i have with this game is the feeling of claustrophobia during skirmishes. I just feel like the maps are too small, but that could be a result of me being a fan of other RTS's such as Supreme Commander and Wargame where the maps are huge allowing for games to go on for hours at a time.But overall I would recommend this game to anyone that has any sort of interest in RTS games or Homeworld in general."
76561198004890910,Recommended,281610,20653965,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RomanLegacy,"Who would have though 12 years after homeworld 2 we'd still be waiting on a sequel.  Well here we are, and how pleasantly suprising it is to find a prequel that fits in so well with the established universe.For the unitinitated, homeworld is a series that lives and dies based on atmosphere and imersion.  And holy smokes, does this game deliver.  The campaign cutscenes are epic, the desert landscapes are vivid, and the tension feels real.  And holy smokes do I sound like a shill.This game is worth it for the campaign alone.  Some of us have waited years for a game to continue the homeworld legacy, and while its certainly not homeworld 3, and you can see the edges where the budget didn't quite come together, this is proably the most imersive RTS I've ever played.Buy the game.  Drive a landcarrier.  Play homeworld 3 someday. (maybe)"
,Recommended,281610,20655198,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PlattFish,"Great graphics, pretty tough so far. Really enjoying this, clearly reminescent of Homeworld."
,Recommended,281610,20655390,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Maeth18,"Great game so far, has the atmosphere and pace of the Homeworld games, in a fresh setting. ""Classic mode"" is fairly challenging. Very well done story and cinematics."
,Recommended,281610,20658882,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Zev,A prideful legacy to the Homewold franchise. Worth every cent.
76561197972189058,Recommended,281610,23123479,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SpudsBuckley,"An amazing game - if you are a fan of RTS and like Company of Heros, you'll enjoy this game. Adds a lot of little gems that make the gameplay unique.  Single player is a joy; great story and a lot of mission variety.Multiplayer is pretty weak - only big downside. DLC is a joke."
76561198026154210,Recommended,281610,20648592,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RisingHoplite,its Essentially Yellow Big wheels Vs Red Hovercrafts.10/10
76561197963193252,Recommended,281610,20650666,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SirriusD,"A lot of fun, I love all the radio chatter it really brings you into the world.  Money well spent."
76561198025794407,Recommended,281610,20660207,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Phoenix,loved the game nuff saidok but really i enjoyed it through the 18 hours or so i took to complete the campaign ( it took that long cause i restarted a few missions to finish it better). the gameplay is dynamic and keeps you on your toes as to what will the enemy through at you next. the only negative i feel is worth mentioning is the AI which is a bit stuck in its ways on some missions. that being said it is just like a classic homeworld game where you fight a losing battle to try and survive and i recommend it to all veterans of the series and newbiesP.S. love that the unit cap on the captured units of the fleet was removed. Like it was in the original so you can capture a massive fleet to steamroll the enemy and not worry about going over the unit limit if you are patience enough to steal the vehicles
,Recommended,281610,20662484,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,FLPSmith,"Love the way this game gives me the same feel as the old ones.Even though you can play through it comfortably in 1 sitting it feels like a propper space opera.Great story, great atmosphere. A worthy addition to the saga."
,Recommended,281610,20652070,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,mr.dugi,"After first few missions, I can recommend this to any RTS fan. Atmosphere, chatter, balance."
,Recommended,281610,20652682,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wintermist,"This is one of those RTS's that has a much more involving story, with excellent storytelling. You always know what is going on. Voice acting is also great. Gameplaywise the mechanics are fun but there are some annoyances with the UI and controls, but I got a feeling that will be worked on quite a bit. The Campaign AI is quite simple, it doesn't really act on its own but rather just is alive until you finish your objectives, it works.As for Skirmish I haven't tried it yet so I can't comment."
,Recommended,281610,20653007,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Twenty-Seven,"ProsIt does a good job of establishing the storyline of the original Homeworld gamesIt has a very well done and interesting plotThe graphics are very good at high, reasonably good at lowThe ai lives up to the I in its nameIt's not $60GREAT soundtrackConsIt doesn't have as many vehicles as it should, but they'll hopefully add more to the classes"
76561197983237917,Recommended,281610,20654429,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,teric,"Its not very offten now days, that a game actually is actually as good as the trailers made it look, but this is one of those games."
76561198068206711,Recommended,281610,20655965,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Swimgate,"Homeworld is still one of the best games I have ever played and I am a huge fan. Than being said I really enjoyed the new installment in the Homeworld franchise and you don’t even have needed to play the originals to enjoy this one. Any lover of RTS would love this game, and the fact that you have to manage your resources throughout the entire campaign makes it even more challenging at times.So some Pros:-Beautiful Graphics-Great Plot Line and story telling-Interesting gameplay-MP is intense and very funSome Cons:-The AI could use some tweaks at times-Kinda disappointed in the selection of units (Homeworld 1, 2 and Cataclysm had almost double if not more)-Sometimes I felt like I was just doing the same things over (In SP, MP is a completely different story)Overall not a game without some flaws but would I say buy it.... Definitely! You will get your money's worth in time spent playing"
,Recommended,281610,22585701,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,stevefarrell94,I thought RTS games were dead until I played this. This game is fantastic. I hope the developer gives us some single player DLC though
,Recommended,281610,20649744,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Zevious,"Premium RTS experience from veterans who built some of the best offerings in the genre.Approachable game play and controls immerse you in this highly polished environment wrapped in an engrossing story with excellent art and audio. Being able to maneuver the camera to see all angles of a map puts you in the middle of the action when you want to see the bird's eye view, or follow a single unit as it attacks an enemy.Interface with its keybound counterparts lets you activate commands quickly and not get jammed up with deep layers of menus.Combat is loud, flashy and fun with different units having their own characteristics and purpose in a fight.Blend of fast paced action and well told story encouraged me to want to jump to the next map after each battle. Hoping the complete campaign is as fun as the missions I've already played, and the game remains playable when the mayhem from later missions unfolds."
76561197989124273,Recommended,281610,20663901,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,True Monolith,"Homeworld: Desert of Kharak is a great game a fantastic spin-off for the Homeworld franchise.Singleplayer campaign took me about 12 hours on the hardest difficulty setting, I got wrecked by the AI a few times and had to restart or reload from a save multiple times. The story is well written and executed, it is mostly fed to you through cutscenes and animatics. Even for fans of the original titles (who kinda know how the game is going to end, after all it`s a prequel) there are plenty of surprises!Multiplayer/Skirmish is fun but it suffers a bit from the low map choice (5 maps at release). At least in ""Artifact Retrieval"" mode (basically capture the flag) the AI can be very, very challenging actually, I can not confirm the experience of some reviewers here. Note that keys can not be rebound at the moment, though the standard layout of the quickbuttons is okay and usable.Performance was good on an i3 and a GTX 650 Ti, FPS did only drop in very, very, very intense situations (lots of units and boom). No major bugs encountered, except for an UI bug that caused returning from the options menu to be quite a wait (30 secs+). Only ever had a single crash so far, this occured right before loading a new mission.Although the title obviously still needs some work I am satisfied with this purchase and excited for upcoming new content (free maps have already been promised, further DLC are ""in the pipe"").8/10 would recommend"
76561198036488211,Recommended,281610,20669035,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Motorhead,"As always you can rely on that a homeworld game will be fantastic. Once more we get to see a story within the universe of homeworld and I have to say that when I saw that it was going to play out down on the ground I got a bit worried. But as we can see today it has done what most other games never succed with, a change that actually works and makes the entire trilogy even better. I rate this game 9/10, the other homeworld games I give 10/10.I am recommending this game to any strategy fan or just someone that wants to experience a very well written story."
,Recommended,281610,20649502,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ZRO,"A game worth the ""Homeworld"" franchise title, really impressive! =)"
76561197990886767,Recommended,281610,20653150,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kaptain Kiwi,Its a Homeworld game.
76561198021205352,Not Recommended,281610,33643689,Posted: 18 July,all,Gaunter O' Dimm,This game deserve's a 5/10. Everything is mediocre.Don't buy.
76561198040164920,Recommended,281610,20652079,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,British Bulldog,"The Homeworld boys are back in town,support these guys and buy the game,its just fantastic,this is how you make an RTS. well done BBI/Relic ;)"
,Recommended,281610,31486463,Posted: 1 May,all,Foodin,"I am a little biased here because Homeworld was one of those earlier RTS games that moved a generation.Never has anyone before see, let alone experience a space-themed RTS.And now, this prequel has finally arrived and it has:1. Great Graphics2. Great Muscial Score3. Superb Storyline4. Excellent Voice Actors5. Exciting Multi-playerThe only issue I had with this game is a relatively short storyline - who can be satisfied with playing this great game?I WANTED MORE!Surprisingly, it is a polished game and I had never once come across any bugs.Do I recommend you to buy it?OF COURSE!"
76561198082058174,Recommended,281610,29597467,Posted: 30 January,all,_Remigio_,"The good-Prequel to a classic. All pros of the space RTS carry over.-Solid RTS you expect from Homeworld.  There is a good reason to delay finishing a mission to harvest resources. Surviving untis carry over to the next mission and each has a purpose, abilities, and strenghs and weakness to consider.-Terrain elevation and line of sight really makes a difference. Terrain will show deformation and burnt chassis.-Each level bring a unique obstacle to overcome.-Some enemy units and tactics can feel cheap and spammy but preperation and good strategy will always win out. It helps to be patient and methodical and it feels tremendous when you overcome.-Tactical overlay is better than ever.-Strong narrative. A Focused origin story. Handles themes of systemic oppression and religious fervor quite well.  Its dramatic, somber, compelling, well paced and expressed with beautifully illustred animatics.-Visuals are pretty. The Desert is vibrant and varied. Explosions kick up big plums of sand. Wear and tear show up on selected vehicles and debris liters the sands.-The audio is nothing short of outstanding. The voice work is strong, the OST is recognizable and adds more of the Middle-eastern flair that's familiar to Homeworld and something that you would expect from being in a desert but the sound effects and Ambience is where this game really shines. Everything from vehicles driving on dunes, random radio chatter, gunfire, missile volleys, hits and ricochets, explosions, battle chatter, and aerial vehicles swooshing overhead is so atmospheric that it would be forgiven to overhear it and mistake it as real.  I'd go so far as to say that the tactical ambience is revolutionary for the RTS genre as a whole.The bad-The game can crash. Crashing after logging 30mins+ into a mission that's going well is irratating beyond emotes.-No keybindings! A PC game in 2016 (last i played) what a sacrilege.The ugly-My system more than meets the requirements but the game can get glitchy in long play sessons. Debris and burnt chassis can cause crashes if they keep getting strewn all over the battlefiled.-Clipping and units will sometimes phase through each other.-Units can freeze in place and spaz out from time to time.Despite the bugs if you're an RTS fan, Homeworld as a whole is definitely worth playing and worth the price of admission. Thank you Gearbox and Blackbird."
76561197986262966,Recommended,281610,20740127,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,_Tomato,"As a huge homeworld fan I was kind of sceptical about how this would turn out, but I really was impressed by the way they managed to make it really feel like a homeworld game, while making quite a few fun gameplay changes.It feels like an old C&C game but with some of the more fun aspects of World In Conflict's physics based unit modeling.Absolutely reccomend this if you like homeworld at all and hopefully the multiplayer will improve over time because it's really fun once you get in a game (which is more difficult than it should be, but not prohibitivley so)."
76561198006793213,Recommended,281610,20713881,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,greyseer1076,"A nicely balance and presented addition to the Homeworld series. Hoping to an additional campaign in the DLC in the future (hopefully from the Gaalians viewpoint of events leading up to the first campaign).Point of Interest:* as others have said in their reviews, the pace of gameplay is slower than other RTS game, but this adds to the essence of the game and bring the feel of carrier group warfare to the great expanses of the Deserts of KharakPros:+ very nice graphics+ well crafted single player campaign and storyline+ good mix of units, which are well balanced movement and attack strengths for unit role (no one type of unit will rule the battlefield)Cons:- Campaign AI does need a little bit of tweeking (completed very first play through of the game on Medium difficulty without losing a single battle or feeling over-taxed until the last half of the final mission)"
76561197960401337,Recommended,281610,20923760,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Solaron,"If you're a fan of the Homeworld series, this is a must-get.  If you're a fan of RTS, it's still a great game but due to the shorter than usual game length I'd probably wait for it to be on sale.  Beautiful graphics, immersive story, fantastic music.  Exploring the Deserts of Kharak years before the events of Homeworld brings a whole new level of epic for the original game.The voice acting is top notch and deserves special mention.  The random yet relevant radio chatter is a welcomed addition and pays pure homage to the original Homeworld in that respect, something Homeworld 2 did poorly.This game has actual difficulty levels.  Easy, Normal, and Classic Mode--being more in line to Homeworld I and II's arguably frustrating difficulty.  9.4/10, absolutely love it."
,Recommended,281610,20806191,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Solarmech,"As you can guess by the name Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is a prequel to the first groundbreaking Homeworld game.Of course you’re not in space this time but on the world of Kharak fighting a ground and air war against your enemies. In typical Homeworld fashion your ship a massive is LANDCARRIER is forced to start it’s journey and fight battles before it was ready to. Unlike with the Motherships in the previous games, the Kapisi is not only a mobile production center but a warship able to destroy the enemy all by itself. Another change from the earlier games is you find out about the people who crew this ship. The most important of these characters is Rachel S’Jet. A science officer who plays a critical part in the story and has her personal reasons for being on this expedition. But you also find out about the captain, different officers and even your more experienced vehicle commandeers will have names given to them.The AI isn’t the best and Blackbird has promised to work at fixing this and more multiplayer maps are said to be on the way. The number of missions is huge, but they are fairly varied and things can go sideways at times and your original goals might go out the window.Despite it’s flaws it is a good game and I look forward to spending no small amount of time playing in the sand. sm"
76561198061428427,Recommended,281610,22695980,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,SilverHornKing,Great Game.
,Recommended,281610,20729684,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Randy,"An excellent game - inside it's genre there isn't anything really like it. The production values on display are first rate, with the score and art design being stand outs. It offers a unique twist on RTS tropes, playing like a cross between Homeworld and Ground Control.While the game is to some measure let down by its weak AI, it's the lack of additional content that really hurts it. Despite these shortcomings, it still stands tall as one of the finest RTS games I’ve ever played."
76561198092972888,Recommended,281610,22573616,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,(AJSA) GreyKnight,"This is a RTS with a new perspective of the Homeworld universe more of a prequel as it tells the story of an expidition force scowering the deserts of their planet for the salvation of their people. Your base is basically an aircraft carrier on treads called the Kapisi, you can reasearch, build and upgrade units from it and as you progress through the game it will also be one of your most powerful weapons (cue tomahawk missle). The bulk of your forces will consist of various attack vehicles of many roles and sizes but the best part is when you get aircraft. Nothing beats playing the song Dangerzone while launching fighters into enemy territory! The AI in the campaign is ok, but skirmish is where things are much to be desired. You'll be rushed quite a bit in the beginning with quite a few units, but as soon as you pick you balls up and build up a sizable the AI starts ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ itself it just.... you win... basically, you walk your army to it's carrier and blow it to hell.The Good- the story is good for homeworld players- the unit designs are good- the art in general is amazing- the voice acting is good quality- combat is fluid- units have a reasonable rock-paper-scissor mechanicThe Bad- AI needs more work- Story feels a bit shortThe VerdictThis is a is good game but it's still kind of a diamond in the rough, it has the ability to be a top notch RTS game it just needs a couple more updates to skirmish to make solo play all the more enjoyable. I give it a 7/10, I can't lie it was hard putting down $50 but overall I don't regret it."
,Recommended,281610,25330426,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TragicallySQUIRREL,Having not played an RTS since Real War about 15 years ago this game was a wild ride. 10/10
76561198023995376,Not Recommended,281610,27841048,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,StranaMechty,"I wanted to like Deserts of Kharak, I truly did. It represents the first truly new thing for the Homeworld franchise in over a decade. As a hardcore fan of the first two games who plasters the Hiigaran insignia over everything, real or virtual, and can recite all the cinematics from memory, I *really* wanted to like this game. But I can't.A mediocre RTS that manages to have more bugs and fewer features than its now-teenaged predecessors (no formations, no stances, shadows are a mess, etc.). Its very existence depends on a retcon of existing canon (the extensive historical and technical briefing book originally released with Homeworld 1 states categorically that no major conflicts occurred for centuries prior to Homeworld 1, the version of this book printed by Gearbox in the re-issue changes this fact to allow for Deserts of Kharak to exist) and it goes out of its way to twist that canon like a pretzel (spoiler warning: you'd think someone would've mentioned the giant orbital death ray left behind and been less surprised when the people who placed it showed up again). Furthermore, it couldn't even make its surprise twist surprising, and somehow manages to look worse than the Homeworld: Remastered games that came out *before* this did.For existing Homeworld fans: Look elsewhere, this is just a worse version of what we've already got that takes dumb liberties with the story.For those who've never played Homeworld: Look elsewhere (might I suggest Homeworld?), there are better RTS games out there (like Homeworld)."
,Not Recommended,281610,20712868,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[DoN] Komfritten,"I liked the gameplay, the grapics, the story, and the Homeworldy feel of it all. But I am really really dissapointed by the very very very short campaign.You should definately buy it - when theres more content. Because in my opinion Homeworld is all about the campaign and the content, and this one did only just barely scratch the surface.So when the next two or three campaign parts come out - and they should be free... it's a must buy - but not before that."
76561198010797381,Recommended,281610,23641584,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SoulReaper8402,i am a huge command and conquer and warhammer fan and this game fits right in i love it
76561197987178344,Recommended,281610,20648947,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Milorg OKL,Who used the 3rd dimention anyway? Homeworld is back!
76561197972583616,Recommended,281610,20648851,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Domearian,"I have to say, playing the skirmish against an easy AI IS VERY HARD!  The original Homeworld was pretty good for playing against an AI but this game is just impossible at Easy.  Even before I have had chance of research a BASIC unit, they are coming over the hill with 5 units that I could only dream of making when I am 20 minutes into the game.  Is this right??"
76561197970647460,Recommended,281610,20651133,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,deacon10stone,"god this game brings back old memories.  The old homeworld games was impossible i cant even say how many times I had to restart, and its nice to finally play a game that does hold your hand all fuken day and just show you a game not leave it to you to figure it out and learn from your mistake  that you cant have every upgrade every unit maxed out but you can get a land fleet that suits your playstyle.  Resources are scarce making it feel even more authentic like your really in a desert fighting to survive against an enemy that wants to honesty wipe you out, as for performance issues havnt had a single problem so far considering its day one and homeworld in 1999 blue screened half the day, so suck it up your a pc gamer get use to it if you dont like it buy and xbox and cod it up with 10 year olds."
76561197993280742,Recommended,281610,20647734,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Allonat,"The EPIC return of the most beautiful and breathtaking strategy game of all Times)Outstanding design and music as always. Desert ... no comments, it's A LIVE! Sand storms comes directly from Mad Max FFS) Forgive me for a bit of emotional approach in this review, but it's the main core, the great success marker, when movie or game makes us feel like this) GOOD JOB, BBI! I suppose it's only beggining of return ... HW3 we are waiting for U!"
,Recommended,281610,20648080,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Alpser-,"Unit physics, tornadoes, storms and ranked multiplayer. Keeps the homeworld feel, probably best rts for a while!"
76561198065222993,Recommended,281610,24697781,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MadGodSheogorath,"Awesome, awesome game, I loved every minute of it. Deserts of Kharak is like one of those games we all dream about but nobody every makes. I only wish the singleplayer campaign was longer, it ended too soon. The multiplayer is pretty meh. The battles are too short, by the time you finally have a good, fun sized fleet going the matches are already over."
,Recommended,281610,25252925,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,gathonar,So far this has been a good game 8 or 9 levels in I have found not big issues...
,Recommended,281610,20647674,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Satan's Seventh Symphony,"I loaded up the game and decided to learn how to play in the manliest way possible - going into multiplayer blind.First match was a 2v2 against a Blackbird Interactive member and I got my poop pushed in. The game is gorgeous, the art style during the intro cinematic was fantastic, and it has non-stop action during Artifact Retrieval trying to win a constant tug of war whilst building units to counter the enemy, much like the original Homeworlds.Excellent game, I'll be racking up hours for sure."
76561198049104695,Recommended,281610,20648687,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tombs,A great game makes me want to play Homeworld again.
76561198006705553,Recommended,281610,20648026,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,zeus_2112,JUST NEED TO THROW THIS OUT THERE!!!! Would you PLEASE quit hard coding the freaking key mapping seriously. heck even homeworld 2 was mappable. come on guys.
,Recommended,281610,20648314,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shasta,"A return to form unlike anything else.If you're a real time strategy fan, you owe it to yourself to play this."
,Recommended,281610,20651919,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Salith,"This is a game worthy to hold the name of Homeworld.The shift to land-based gameplay does not in any way inhibit the flow of the game. If anything, it makes it easier to figure out where things out without flipping the radar map this-way-and-that to see get a 3D view of a 2D display (i.e. your monitor)."
76561198035554883,Recommended,281610,27930924,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Quesocito,"Very nice game based only roughly on the old Homeworld type of playstyle: mobile surface based""mothership"" produces almost all your units, as well as doing research to either unlock or upgrade existing units.2 types of resource for either advanced or basic construction. As well as the ability to find artifacts that further improve your forces.Your mothership also builds/houses various aircraft that can be launched on strike missions which can make a nice change to combat.MP is still active. Just takes a little patience but generally a game can be found."
76561198006086992,Recommended,281610,20657370,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,von_krysiak,Few hours into the game I can say that this is a must have for any Homeworld/RTS fan.Graphics: 9/10 - I am not 100% happy with AA as it stands out with everything else being gorgeous.  Also occasional rapid turn animation of aircraft breaks the immersion.Storyline 10/10 - so far I am loving it and it is a mix of original Homeworld with some elements of Battlestar Galactica in the desert setting (not to give out anything else)Strategy 6/10 - at least early missions remind me of FF13 where you have pretty much one way with smallish side pockets.  Later on it opens up so gameplay is fun for an RTS.  Fairly limited resources and locations slightly limit your angles and the game doesn't feel as open as some of the other strategies out there but it is far away from being linear.Over all: SOLID and fun gameplay and most of all bug free on release!
76561197968946738,Recommended,281610,20656785,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Suma_ket,"[reviewed review ^^]Okay, so..one lazy♥♥♥♥♥point is that if you're looking for some story mode...man this is noooot the place...finished it in normal mode in about 10hours..i guess there is the hard mode but you know...doing the same story..nah..i wish i knew, would've gone straight for hard mode..Didn't try Multiplayer yet..we'll see.Although, since Prebought, the game gave me access to the ""old homeworld 1 and 2""..And they are quite fun to get used to.Okay so i'll make a reviewed reviewed review after my multiplayer session to tell you guys..Take care ladies !![1ST review]After 10 hours of gamaplay, i've got to say the game's got his own caractere. Which is good. The story is cool.Graphics are ok. As for the gameplay itself, i've got to say that it requires so habit, it's not so intuitive and a bit ""robotic"", sometimes the units just do stupid stuff, especially airplanes, but that's somehow a habit in strat games..I recommend it but for me some improvement has to be made. I guess that will come with time, the game came out 10 hours ago ^^ but again, not an early access or a beta so i hope it happens fast. The building system is a bit weird, needs some getting used to. You're almost always on edge with ressources, which requires you to move your base almost all the time. Good to have a huge carrier ^^.Anyway, i might review this edit after a while, to see if with experience i find it more fluid when i play, less ""struggling"" toget things done.Later cheeks !"
76561197983476618,Not Recommended,281610,20690576,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,birdfuel,I love rts games been a fan my entire life i have played dune  ta supcom SC homeworld cnc played them all.was looking forward to this game preordered replayed 1 and 2 remastered ... but this game is horrible yes the cinematics and storyline are nice but i want gameplay and this game is just plain irritating at times the ai is nonexistent the units are just plain stupid. u can’t skip cut scenes which are nice to watch 1 or 2 times  the smaller units are just a waste to build except for the rail guns witch can take down battle cruisers in a cpl hits   there is no economy at all i did the entire campaign by just building 10 support cruisers and the carrier   if u like very slow(painfully slow) rts games with no econ and ai that just spawns endless units then this is for u  very disappointed
76561198005392773,Recommended,281610,20817507,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DeathSentence,"Fantastic game and a true successor to the best space strategy franchise of all time.  Very immersive campaign with a great atmosphere, super smooth gameplay, and some really innovative mechanics that will keep you coming back for more.This is the kind of game that will have you watching the clock at work, counting down the minutes until you can race home and jump back into the story!Now I'm just crossing my fingers and hoping beyond hope that the game gets enough positive reception to greenlight a sequel to Homeworld 2 :)"
76561197991567898,Not Recommended,281610,20709561,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Core,"no one is playing. and for good reason. it's not fun.and by the time i had played enough to realize this, i had passed the cut off where i could get a refund. apparently, sitting in a lobby counts as 'gametime'.regrettable purchase. looks nice, but it's not the homeworld i remember, and not the game i had hoped for."
76561198023308936,Recommended,281610,20647177,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Liberals get the bullet too,"Fun game, don't listen to the ""Muh 3000000x4000000"" crowd, hopefully devs will fix keybinds soon."
76561197987099156,Not Recommended,281610,30326795,Posted: 4 March,all,spam,"It is a beautiful RTS and I really enjoyed the first 3 singleplayer missions, but there is a game breaking invisible enemy bug in the fourth mission ""Kalash Site"" that completely prevents further progress in the campaign."
76561198135799167,Recommended,281610,20646860,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Iron Virgin,This is great rts but story feels hollow. Characters feels like with out personality.
76561198007733579,Recommended,281610,20658913,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,UncleSlam,"""it was not broke at release""That is good thing"""
,Not Recommended,281610,28653604,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bizkit,"oh boy.... so, without skipping the cut scenes this game is unplayable. Every 5 seconds I'm cut over and unable to control my units and I have important units teleported accross the map near enemies that I must defend. Then if you screw up and get a resource collector killed you can't even continue. This is put simply a terrible RTS and I don't think anyone play tested it. Getting bugs that prevent you from continuing single player is also madening."
,Recommended,281610,20647967,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,geordietony,Very Early ImpressionsI've just played the tutorial and first couple of missons.However Homeworld is a very impressive so far. I will be editing this review as I go but check out the following video of the first part of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyN-Nl-SaDA
,Not Recommended,281610,20671765,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cougarbrit,"*Review has been updated below with regards to the Expedition Guide DLC*At the time of writing this review, I have finished the Campaign on Normal difficulty and played a couple of skirmishes against Hard AI. Not tried Multiplayer yet or the Classic Campaign, may update review later if I try them. I played the Remastered Collection to completion and know the storyline of Cataclysm.Pros:Fantastic visual design and art. Cutscenes are beautiful, artwork is beautiful, maps are usually beautiful, but occassionally not to the same standards of Sup Com 2 and similar titles.Music is as good as the originals I'd say, definitely the same feel.A few nice gameplay mechanics - such as acquiring new resources and artifacts from destroying wreck bulkheads, Carrier power systems, etc.Meh:Unit design is nice far out, kinda flat when zoomed in. This is an RTS though, you get most of the pretty factor focused away from the very expendable, very numerous units. Unit combat has a few visual bugs such as firing angles being messed up, and units hit by heavy weaponry sometimes do somersaults. Aircraft that are shot down will bounce as though they are made of rubber sometimes, but look very cool at least.Couple of frame freezes in big battles but game ran smoothly for the most part.Cons:Story is a bit barebones. I know Homeworld is very much about saying a lot with very little, but it seems like they only managed the very little part here; it comes close to capturing the feel of the story but misses the mark a bit. There's quite a few points where something is mentioned and never expanded on too. I think I might need to access that Expedition Guide DLC and see if it has the missing pieces there, but it feels like a lot of the additional lore and background for this game is simply not present. I'm also not really satifised with many of the wrecks present in the game; a couple of them especially feel like retconns, well, nearly all of them are iirc besides the Khar-Toba. A couple in particular are very questionable additions in my view though, and the ending itself was a little underwhelming. There's little characterisation in the game and little exposition.Combat is very Rock, Paper, Scissors. A lot of the time it boils down to ""Does the Enemy have AA?"". If not, use air. If yes, use a Cruise Missile and ask the question again. If still yes, then send in the ground troops; otherwise, you'll be spending more money rebuilding troops than you spend on Cruise Missiles blowing everything to kingdom come. On Normal difficulty, I spent the majority of the game sitting on a surplus of least 40K CU and 4K RU, patiently waiting for a challenge to come that'd need me to rebuild. It never did, because Cruise Missile <-> Air ---> Ground Troops is the solution to everything.Enemy AI is braindead. The Enemy will never react to your actions smartly, if you use air often, it'll never build more AA than it otherwise is preordained to. This makes air the solution to every problem in Skirmish mode, and most of your problems in the Campaign too. In Campaign, it'll send cookie cutter attack waves that are easily predictable due to how sensors work and the complete lack of stealth mechanics. Normally they can be dealt with by air, sometimes you'll want a Cruise Missile instead. Sometimes you'll just bludgeon them to death with a souped up combat powered Carrier. The enemy never seems to use abilities, and difficulty is more of a setting of 'How much shall the AI cheat?' with regards to their resource collection. The Enemy will rarely retreat, if ever, even under overwhelming fire or fire it cannot fire back upon. It will either sit there and die or chase you blindly and die.Unit AI is a bit off at times. Nothing co-ordinates their attacks intelligently, such as splitting their fire if they know they will kill the enemy in a single attack. This leads to entire airstrikes being wasted on a single light attack vehicle when a cluster of assault vehicles are behind it, and artillery fire being massed on singlular points rather than covering an entire wave. So you are forced to micromanage your artillery and air, to prevent your most powerful assets being wasted on the weakest units. Everything aims for overkill, and everything targets the first thing in sight, not the most dangerous or most relevant to their preferred target class.Controls are strange and un-rebindable.The 3D aspect of the game doesn't see much facetime due to the skewed balance towards air. No high ground is higher than the sky. But besides that, a lot of the time it requires finicky micromanagement to make proper use of it due to the lack of a Company of Heroes style click and drag movement control. Trying to organise units into a formation facing in one way in this game is a nightmare. Formations in general in this game are nightmarish to manage, the default unit layout is abysmal and will lead only to defeat and despair.No targetable subsystems on larger vehicles or the Carrier itself, nor much unit variety beyond some simplistic balance where basically smaller direct combat unit is the counter to bigger indirect combat unit (if it survives long enough to reach it) which is counter to similar sized direct combat unit which is the counter to smaller sized direct combat unit. I.E. LAVs > Railguns > AAVs > LAVs and their cruiser cousins appear to follow the same pattern but ground combat is unneccessary against the AI by that point as you have air units. Abilities are generally uninteresting beyond the AAV smokescreen which is actually both useful and interesting. There are no units comparable to Destroyers or Dreadnoughts though. Just fighters, corvettes and frigates really.Conclusion:The game feels rushed. It feels like the purely multiplayer title (no computer AIs iirc) Hardware: Shipbreakers was instead rapidly transformed into a singleplayer game that wanted to be a Homeworld prequel, but didn't have the time or resources left to flesh out the story or build a worthwhile computer AI. As a result, we have neither the very promising Hardware: Shipbreakers, nor do we have the fully realised Homeworld prequel that either Gearbox or Blackbird ended up pushing for. What we have is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the two, a Homeworld story set in the Hardware: Shipbreakers game with plenty of crossed circuitry and not much of it functional.It comes very close to being a brilliant game, but the AI is woeful to the point of inexcusable, and the story did not satisfy me, hopefully the Expedition Guide changes that but I doubt it. Combat becomes quite boring once you figure out that Air is supreme, and unlock the Cruise Missile.To end with, I recommend this game if it is on sale for anything around 50% off - £15 or less. It feels like a half-baked standalone expansion pack, not a AAA RTS title. I'm dissappointed, and hope they can fix the AI issues soon so that Blackbird does not suffer too much for this muckup.Expedition Guide UpdateI've read most of the Expedition Guide now, it contains most of the setting and background I felt was missing from the Campaign itself, and contains hints towards either possible expansions/sequels, or ideas that were not realised in time to be implemented in this game. However, it does not make up for the Story itself in my eyes, nor does it negate the issues with combat in this game at all."
,Recommended,281610,20658394,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Baconface,Thumbs up!
,Recommended,281610,20910043,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mafiakillersquad,"campaign was good. played on my 55 inch samsung uhd 4k the whole campaign and it was stunning. took me about 12 hours to beat the campaign on normal difficulty, might have to revist at another time later on and play on hard. hopefully campaign dlc or some good mods come to this game love the way it was presented. i have not played the multiplayer yet but will update review when done so, otherwise this game is worth it for the campaign if you want something nice to play and don't mind paying 40-50 bucks . just pick it up on when it is on sale if you cant afford it now!"
76561198158339352,Recommended,281610,24016943,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,anto.g.dolan,"Got this on Sale and I am happy I did not pay full price, As a fan of the Homeworld games I was disapointed.The game looks and sounds amazing but the Single player game is too short and the compurt A.I. is not very smart. The biggest problem I have is the story as it is confusing and predicatableIt your a Homeworld lover and can get it on sale like I did then go for it, otherwise stay clear"
76561197973777604,Recommended,281610,24897660,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,acidsteel808,"Awesome RTS!!!Buy this if you love RTS, you will not reget it!"
76561197973750024,Recommended,281610,24757382,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SavageToe,Great design concepts just like the previous games and a beutiful world that gives you time to enjoy between battles. Solid addition to the franchise..
76561197965374855,Not Recommended,281610,28068165,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Foxton,"I bought this game just to experience the single player campaign, as i'm a huge fan of the old Homeworld games. But i must say i am very disappointed with the length of the game. It took me 6½ hours to complete the main campaign on normal dificulty. I was disappointed when the last map ended and i got the credits screen instead of another mission. It just felt really short.The story itself is ok, the gameplay is awesome, the graphics are great, The music is amazing. But it is hard to recommend if you are only interested in the single player like me."
76561197974810905,Recommended,281610,20880360,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Excession,"Great Game, not as polished as its forebares but still best in its class, Would happily award a 9/10 but for a few niggles:Game balance favors the enemy, with leveled up friendly units being as inefective as their basic counterparts.So much detail, so much passion invested into the game design but sadly let down by units occupying the same space.these minor and easily remedied bugs are highlighted alongside frequent game crashes which in its current build render the game a labor of love due a 7/10 in its current state."
,Recommended,281610,33495373,Posted: 12 July,all,{F13}Storm,GREAT CAMPAIGN!!! same quality as the old homeworlds (exceptional)    multiplayer is quite enjoyable too :D
,Recommended,281610,28285476,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Terr,"I think whether you like Deserts of Kharak will depend on which parts of the previous Homeworld games you like. If you enjoy the story, art, sound, aesthetics, missions, and basic combat, then grab it on sale and you'll be quite satisfied.If you enjoy careful tactical choices, then you'll be a little disappointed. While there are some new  tactical tools in the dunes -- new to the Homeworld series, anyway --  your fleet will be simpler, and your ability to direct your units is cruder. I'm no RTS expert, but in the singleplayer campaign I often ended up resigned to controlling a ""big slow blob of death"", due to the difficulty of micromanaging and the lack of formations.The single-player campaign on Medium difficulty took about 10 hours, which to a certain extent may represent a less attrition-based pacing.Pro:* Has all the right Homeworld looks.* Has all the right Homeworld sounds.* Units have cover and indirect fire.* Height advantage when firing on lower enemies.* Smoke screens.* Centralized control of air units seems odd at first, but it works.* Powerful veterancy bonuses.Cons:* No more ability to pause and issue orders in solo campaign.* No formations: Difficult to prevent fast units from staying with slower ones without micromanagement or ordering them to ""guard"" the slowest unit.* Key-combinations are less expansive and cannot be re-bound.* No more unit engagement rules (chase vs guard).* No more unit tactics (trading speed for firepower).* Your land-carrier is your only production unit.* Some unskippable mission cutscenes* Unit icons/portraits could be more distinctive from one-another."
76561197999154239,Recommended,281610,20746640,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,WarShock,For all the Homeworld fans... Play it! it's Awesome :)
76561197976767647,Recommended,281610,23868197,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cloppy McWingboner,"Was that it??I expected an epic journey akin the the other Homeworld games, but this was over in a flash. Where's the rest of the game?I bought it on sale and still feel a bit ripped off. :-/"
,Recommended,281610,27368792,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrozenHydra,"having played a little bit of the game, it is everything i had hoped for from the homeworld series, i had played the previous games, which were absolutely wonderful, and so is this one.Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is almost the same as the previous installments of the homeworld series, but takes place on the ground, where the 3-D combat is less noticable, however do not let that deter you, this is still an amazing game you should get if you played and loved the previous homeworld games."
,Not Recommended,281610,28366372,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,hota orange,I have never been so dissapointed in a game. This is my first and hopefully last refund. This game was extremely fun to play however the poor optimisation soon made me realise i can't get past it. It runs so badly. I recommend buying it and seeing if you can get it to run okay. But if not just refund.For those that are wondering my system is running a Nvidia GTX 1080 Asus Strix 8GB GPU and a I7 - 6700K CPU and it runs just as poorly on ultra as it does low graphics.
,Recommended,281610,22324987,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HeXetic,"Atmospheric and fairly engaging, but don't expect strategic depth on the level of a Starcraft-tier RTS. Think more like Supreme Commander 2 but on a more tactical scale. Combat features generally small engagements with well under 100 units per side, and the campaign can be drawn out in terms of time (especially by completionists who make sure to mine every penny on a map before moving on), but it isn't very complicated or difficult. The UI can also be a little wonky at times (good luck figuring out weapon ranges, and just try getting units to form up facing a particular direction), and it would be nice if the main camera could zoom out a little more so we don't always have switch to the strategic view.Nonetheless, good voice acting, very good - and mature, thoguhtful - writing, nicely done cutscenes, and excellent music all combine with a beautiful aesthetic to make something very enjoyable. The levels may just all be rocks and sand, but they're memorable, and even though a couple of the units tend to blend into each other when amassed in great piles and viewed at a distance, a lot of thoughtful detail has been put into the audio-visual experience.It's soothing. It may not require tactical genius or bring very much new to the RTS genre, but it's a fun piece of art."
76561198128725759,Recommended,281610,24002706,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Peace_Observer,"This was my first experience with the Homeworld games, as such as I had no idea what the storyline was or how the game's dynamics function. With that being said, it took me 9 hours of play to make it through the campaign on 'normal' difficulty. The last mission took 3 attempts. I would definitely recommend this game for RTS fans, but be aware that the terrain directed fighting is mostly a joke. Line of sight should give you an advantage, having the high ground should give you an advantage... both of these things do, sometimes, but usually not. Enemies can sometimes fire through hills. But so can you, somtimes.All in all it was a fun 9 hours with a storyline that kept me engaged and the cutscenes... oh boy those cutscenes, absolutely gorgeous!"
76561197993931400,Recommended,281610,20943273,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,ceejayone,"I run right over this one in a few days, 3 stars on every mission. a well designed game but by staying true to the first two games they have tranfered the errors of old to the new verison sad. maybe next time they should have just keep the old format but improve the ingame information and add more races and units to increase unit cobo. thus allowing the users to make up there own mind as to whats is best for them. 3/5 good try very very fun and wild ride but too easy and too short!!!!!.Ps. Support for two screens would be very nice, maybe have a map on one srceen and the close up battle on the other srceen. meaning no more zooming in and out."
76561198008629870,Recommended,281610,33479905,Posted: 12 July,all,Denazon,"I loved this game when I played it. Reminded me so much of the old Homeworld games and was a great time. The gameplay, graphics and voice acting are all really clean and bland well with the old Homeworld games. Well I recommend this game for those who loved the original Homeworld games.People looking to get into the Homeworld series can also start here but may find it more lacking without the original games for referance."
76561197978360484,Recommended,281610,20960519,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Ekko Tek,"I do recommend this game, but not at this $54.99 CDN price. The campaign, as you'd expect from a team responsible for the original Homeworld, Dawn of War, and Company of Heroes series, is amazing. Depending on difficulty, it's only about 10-15 hours though. Anyone who considers themselves a fan of RTS owes it to themselves to play it at some point, but not for this price. I'd suggest waiting for 50% off. The MP community is already fairly dead just a few weeks after release. The MP portion is pretty threadbare - not many maps, no replay system, matches last about 15-30 minutes. The depth of tactics and strategy is not comparable to the games mentioned above. It does have veterancy, unit abilities, and some nice terrain/line of site mechanics but would need a lot of work and expansions to give it more depth and lasting appeal. I suspect that won't happen though."
76561198045123461,Recommended,281610,33499199,Posted: 13 July,all,Fatesauce,Sand in weird places never felt so good
76561197990782887,Recommended,281610,28940094,Posted: 2 January,all,Teric,"As a long-time fan of the original Homeworld, I was eager to try out this new title.  The series has always been heavy on deep storytelling, intense combat, careful resource management, and critical tactical decisions; these are what kept me coming back to play Homeworld again and again.DoK did not disappoint me at all.  In fact, after finishing the single player campaign, I found myself wishing the story would continue over additional missions.  Like HW, I found myself carefully trying to keep my units alive from mission to mission, especially now with the promotion system that gives veteran units significant bonuses.  I did my best to mine out all possible resources from each map before continuing on, in order to maximize research and be able to build up my army.I ran into the unit cap fairly quickly, and I found that this was an interesting departure from the original.  There was a point during the campaign where I was running around with 7000+ RU and 15000+ CU without anything to spend them on.  However, as more research opened up and my unit cap increased, that surplus quickly depleted and I found myself having to make criticial decisions about which research channels to persue or sideline.  It makes me wonder how the original HW would have been different if there had been a unit cap.The story of DoK did not disappoint either--it was fascinating and delightful to see the actions and history of Rachel S'Jet before she gave herself to be the central fleet command of the mother ship in HW.For those who enjoy a story-rich RTS that isn't a mindless 'Build-And-Battle' slug-fest, Deserts of Kharak is the game for you."
,Recommended,281610,20754634,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Zigguratei,Deserts of Kharak is definitely a love song to two of my favorite games: Homeworld and Ground Control. While the game is DEFINITELY a beautiful updated version of Ground Control with a Homeworld pre-quel story... I actually don't mind at all. It was beautifully done and fun to play. Worth it and I look forward to more!
76561198006524683,Recommended,281610,20769587,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SGTMcMurphy,"This is not your Father's Homeworld.  The matching art design, IU concepts, and mission ideology can obscure the changes in base mechanics; having impeding terrain is a huge difference.  Still, there is definite sense that you are playing a Homeworld game.  I have yet to beat the campaign mode, but it holds the same sense of adventure and intrigue that original Homeworld held.  Much like Homeworld:  Cataclysm, this game is different enough to be distinct, but not so different that it doesn’t fit well within the series."
76561198006481999,Recommended,281610,20782420,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Matt Muncher,"What a game, Welcome Blackbird, great story, awesome gameplay. Honestly the only thing I wish for is that it didn't end but I do believe the experience and value for money was definitly there. If you like a good Sci-Fi romp you'll long this one.And a must for strategy fan.Now off to play Homewould lol.Cheers"
,Recommended,281610,20794200,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SiZiGee,"A great prequel to the series. I have a feeling, that there will be a sequel to this... well I hope so. Mixing land and space combat, ordering your ships to get in place for orbital bombardment, etc.  That would be great.The only gripe I had with this game was, that the carriers are quite overpowered.  I finished it with just 2 support cruisers, the science vehicle and my carrier, maxed out on range and 3 on weapons, when he gets closer, I switch it over and go in for the kill.Also, the one mission where you get to the first wreckage and you have to setup the 3 scanners and defend it from the enemies and avoid the tornadoes... that mission is a bit glitched.  When the scanning started, they destroyed 1 scanner and it kept on scanning... I technically just needed 1...Still a good game though"
,Recommended,281610,20674341,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Khornebrzrkr,"I'm pretty disappointed with the mechanics and apparent simplicity of game depth- notably the fact that both playable factions have very few units and those units are basically identical to the other group's- but I love the story. DoK is a great prelude to Homeworld 1 and ties in nicely lore-wise. I hope there will be patches in the future to flesh it out further, however. Or possibly workshop support for mods."
76561197967212524,Recommended,281610,20735277,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Oakatsura,"A lot of really stunning RTS Visuals and Gameplay functions, though I do love the original Research Screen in HW1 & HW2, there is also a lack of vehicles, seems there aren't as many varieties that I was previously used to in a more of a Homeworld setting game. But all and all this game is a wondrous beautiful Campaign RTS with multiplayer functions that have a bit of a more complex difference then just destroy all enemies as with most Homeworld RTS Multiplayer.Pros:Beautiful Visuals, Runs Well very few bugs and glitches, AI is challanging, Upgradable Mothership/Carrier.Cons:AI Not dependant on resources as in previous games, AI Spawns in some areas, Research / Ships Limited."
76561197995562560,Recommended,281610,20737177,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,trooperdx3117,"Definitely a Homeworld game and one for the fans!The atmosphere, music and battle chatter is Homeworld! The gameplay starts off pretty simple but does gradually escelate in complexity as you add cruisers and railguns to the fray.I would say though don't play this as your first Homeworld game, you won't get as much out of the story and it is kind of reliant on you playing the original Homeworld and reading its manual.Of course you can go buy Homeworld remastered right now, play that and then come back to Deserts and you got yourself a nice RTS trilogy right there!"
,Recommended,281610,20720840,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[G&D] Sir Bulldozer,"I just finished the campaign and played a few skirmishes.The game rules aren't exactly the same in the campaign and in the multiplayer.Overall, the story and cutescenes are good, it is definitly an homeworld game. I still prefer HW2, but DOK is quite funny.Several physics bugs encountered (a few pathfinding problems, vehicles jumping in the air for no reason...).The real problem in this game is that units aren't ""smart"" like they were in HW2  : they aren't autonomous at all, sometime they'll have allies getting attacked a few millimeters outside their action range and they won't even come to help like they did in HW2. The ""aggressive, neutral and defensive"" behaviors are really lacking. They aren't any formations for your fleets either : those damn support cruiser will often walk over your lines of tanks and it looks ridiculous, and the cruiser exposes itself to enemy fire on the top of that. To have exactly what you want, you must micromanage every class of unit.The graphics are good, but expect a few crashes on certain missions."
76561197972245774,Recommended,281610,20770029,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Razor Boy,"Fun RTS game at a time when there are virtually no new RTS games.What I played: the single-player campaign all the way to the last mission, a few scirmish games against the AI and human opponents.The good: the game feels like Homeworld. The music, art, unit design, UI all give the game that distinctive Homeworld look. Controlling units is a breeze and the UI is very clean and not very cluttered. Camera controls are also very smooth. There is a decent variety of units and you need to use most units effectively to achieve victory. There is no single massively over-powered unit that you can just build and win the game. Elevation and line of sight are done very well and are very important to winning each battle with minimal casualties. I found the story (a prequel to original Homeworld) to be a pretty good one, although anyone who has played the original Homeworld will know the story already. Although the entire game is set in a desert I loved it anyway because of how beautiful the game looks and there are still different desert types. It really made me think of Dune and how awesome it would be if Dune was remade using a modern engine.The bad: the campaign is short, it took me about 8 hours to get to the last mission and there is no replayability value in the single-player campaign. It's not like Starcraft 2 campaigns with some branchine choices and big diversity of units. The voice acting in the campaign is not stellar and I didn't care much about the characters (heck, I don't think I can remember more than two or three names of in-game characters). The AI is terrible, it's not much of a challenge even on hard and it cheats aggressively to offer even this meager challenge. The scirmish mode is fun but it needs more than just 5 maps and two different game types (destroy the carrier and artifact hunt). Furthermore, there are only two factions and although their tech trees and units are slightly different, they don't really have that big a difference in play styles and tactics. There is a bit of color customization but otherwise you can't customize the look of your units.Bottom line: this is a good RTS with a lot of potential, but at the moment there just isn't enough content in the game to warrant the price. I liked it a lot but I would recommend waiting until it's on sale."
76561198006249533,Recommended,281610,20772596,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Olrikus,"I'm in love with this game. While you can find it strange, I will try to explain why.I like this military drama story. Aside from that, I like how BBI used the Homeworld lore and added stuff to it. After a series of my recent disappointments like HotS (what they did to Kerrigan is abysmal if we take Brood Wars into account) and SW7 it is such a pleasure to watch the coherence with HW1&2 story.Scenery is not as diverse as I wanted but it is okay for a desert planet. Unit design is sometimes cubic but I have no problem since it looks organic and intended: we have a really advanced and exotic race focused on hid and run tactics and slow but sure utilitarian design race. Which leads you to gameplay which is insanely addictive, watching the battlefield from a close distance can consume me for hours, excellent soundtrack adds to it and multiplayer... It is insane how many tactics you can use and how many builds you can choose since both races similar but plays different. Balance needs some tweaks but the core looks very promising now. The only thing I want to complain about is spawned enemy forces in campaign on higher difficulty, looks a bit cheap but who cares? It just intensifies the campaign :)It has small bugs but nothing game breaking and almost all titles have them these days so I am used to it.If you want a clone of Starcraft or Supreme Commander then this game is definitely not for you. And I am completely unsure about the e-sport part (since I personally don't care about it) so no input here. But if you can live with some rough edges and ready to invest into learning of this game's mechanics then you can find it just as fun as I am.Crossing my fingers and hoping for a long after launch support."
,Recommended,281610,20672525,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bird-made Bread,"Feels quite a bit like Homeworld. Not completely, but that is to be expected of a game that doesn't take place in space.Overall, the soundtrack is very fitting and the story, so far, seems to be very canon with Homeworld. The graphics, mainly the textures, are a little disappointing and a massive step down from the Remastered Collection; though graphics aren't critical for an RTS. It would also be nice if the skirmish AI wasn't so poor.8/10Now please make Homeworld 3."
,Recommended,281610,20673951,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,GeneralHawk,"Fantastic game.  Epic campaign.   I don't MP so I won't speak to that but in terms of a tour de force single player campaign, this is it.I am baffled by complaints with regards to pacing and graphics.   The game is glorious, it really transports you to another world.   If anything it feels right out of the Dune novels.In terms of pacing/combat, it is wonderful that it is not a click fest.  Allows you to take your time and enjoy everything that is occuring.   And just wait till you get airpower!  Incredible to watch from a distance and enjoy the show.Cannot recommend this enough if you are in search of a truly great single player campaign.  (As good as HW1/2 which I am a huge fan of)"
,Recommended,281610,20677694,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,StratusCloud,"The majority of the flaws in this game as of right now can be fixed with patch and dlc, which are coming and free of charge, according to the developers on forum. This game will only get better and better!That said, this game has beautiful art, excellent sound and music, and an interesting campaign to bring all together. Homeworld series have always been about the single player experience, DoK continues the tradition. I can't wait see the future projects BBI and GB have for the Homeworld universe."
,Recommended,281610,20735207,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,GunNut42,"Wish there was a middle ground for reviews other than a strict Y/N. As it stands right now, my answer would be only if you were a fan of RTS games. Keep in mind, I am new to Homeworld. I have the Remastered collection, but have less than an hour or two in it. Got it on sale and have barely touched it. Think that hols true for many of us on many games.Here is why I wish for a middle ground for reviews. In the last few missions, it got to be somewhat easy, even against the ""overwhelming"" enemy AI. I just spammed air units and cruise missiles and such while keeping my core forces around the Kapisi and my salvage crews.  I played the game on Medium (two stars) difficulty. Then again, I have had somewhat extensive experience playing RTS games in the past and have greatly enjoyed doing so myself.Then again, I did greatly enjoy the missions and it did eventually present a challenge, even if is was only when the friendly AI derped and Rachel was left hanging instead of following the main force around. I enjoyed the concept of the upgradeable and mobile base and units. The UI was refreshingly simple and easy. Use the carrier for production and research. You have deployable repair/collection units. The rest of your units are combat/combat support types. (Very broad categories here.) i have not really tried out skirmish and multiplayer, so can not write a review on those game modes at the moment."
76561197968860871,Recommended,281610,29299076,Posted: 16 January,all,Oskmos,Its the goodaste spelet i ever speld
,Recommended,281610,20673555,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,mouseno4,"Because i detest long text reviews myself, here i will keep as short as i possibly can. Also, i didnt touch multiplayer so keep that in mind. The credits rolled for me 10 mins prior to writing this.Veterans of the series who have played all the previous games quite a bit, will find even the hardest difficulties too easy. That isnt a fault of the game, but rather the fact that you know more than most, making the game not balanced for you.Veterans such as myself will adore this game and be sad when the relatively short (its long enough, but you kinda want more after the credits roll), the sounds, visuals, art style, cinematics and emotion are all amazing. The gameplay is 100% Homeworld. Only, set on a planet. At one point in the campaign, you will be annoyed at a plot twist, considering previous story elements. No spoilers.As for newbies, you only have to learn the basics of finite resources, two types of resources, the value of different vehicles and general functionality. Once you have gained that, it will become easy to master.If you manage to figure out the true objective of each mission (that is never made obvious) and end up making the latter half of the game effortless, you know you have discovered exactly how the original Homeworld games worked. :P"
76561198291271153,Not Recommended,281610,24973516,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,jason.s.factor,Storyline was fine but I did not like the user interface at all.  Very disapointing.  Played a total of 6 hours and uninstalled.
,Recommended,281610,24974783,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KASVendetta,"Regardless of whether you played and appreciated the original series, this is a very fun campaign.  The story is excellent, and the battles are a lot of fun to coordinate."
76561197995865002,Recommended,281610,25070197,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Solar,It's a great game. Nice graphics. Good story line. Easy to control units.9/10 for sure!
76561197993026184,Recommended,281610,24988265,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Gazhel,"Thank you for making this game a reality.  It's everything I've been waiting for since Homeworld 2, 13 years ago. It plays and feels like a Homeworld game, so thank you for bringing me and everyone else back into the Homeworld universe.  Please continue to expand on this IP.Next time though, please bring back unit formations and include a system that allows you to easily position units on top of sand dunes (if we're still going to be in the desert).In the last few years I've been itching for a *real* RTS game with an interesting storyline. Today I got one. Time to play through the campaign again.Oh, and one more thing.  To anyone out there saying that the main campaign is too short and not worth the full price of $60 - Deserts of Kharak was a very well paced game that wasn't dragged out too much.  I found it to be the perfect length. Not every game has to be 200 hours worth of play time and I'm glad this wasn't."
76561198107961807,Recommended,281610,24437363,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,fiftymill,"I really like the old command and conquer series of games so I really enjoyed Deserts of Kharak. I hope they build a whole lot more followup games along the same theme. My only criticism is that the game shifts to cinematic scenes too much, interrupting the game play. It would also be nice to finish off the existing enemies and tasks once the main objective has been accomplished instead of the game ending. Other then that, awesome game!"
76561198062793689,Recommended,281610,24633161,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Porthios,Absolutely remarkabe. Gameplay is beatifully crafted and every screenshot is an art work! (I strongly recommend ultra quality)Deserts of Kharak is a must play for strategy gamers..
76561198008885147,Recommended,281610,24430018,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,SaFaRiJaCk LKR,"Absolutely brilliant game, if only more games were done with as much attention to detail and care!"
76561198040371248,Recommended,281610,24478189,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bald6amer,"Give it one Hour, maybe Less and you will be Hooked..For Life. Great Game, Ive had to play it on easy to get though it. Buy it, Buy it Now."
76561197971626651,Recommended,281610,24664874,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,sidmanic,Overall game was great. Everything across the board was top notch.
,Recommended,281610,24435019,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,njaquay,"Just a fantastic game. I hold out hope for some single player DLC's in the future, because Blackbird & Gearbox really know how to tell a story. It's a wonderful addition to the original Homeworld from back in the day."
,Recommended,281610,24680501,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ronin8510,They couldn't have done a prequel any better!
,Recommended,281610,24431558,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,heretic,"Really awesome prequel to the Homeworld games, just finished the campaign in the normal difficulty at around ~11 hours. The voice acting, art, soundtrack and story are the highlights of this instalment.Definitely recommended if you enjoyed Homeworld, although it probably won't wow you as much as Homeworld it is very strong in it's own right and I'm looking forward to what the developers come up with next.Pros- Great designs / art- Great voice acting- Nice concise story- Persistent fleet- Amazing soundtrack!Cons- Shortish campaign- Could do with more variety in unit types"
76561198041039557,Not Recommended,281610,28623788,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jdogg002,I wanted to refund this game after it would not loading up MP and then after getting denied i reinstalled the game and it will not start do not buy this game.
76561198032507288,Recommended,281610,24647312,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,wabbit242,"Historically, the third chapter in every trilogy generally leaves a lot to be desired. Deserts of Kharak dispells that. I've been a  long time fan of the original Homeworld series, and this game did not dissapoint with continued great design, soundtrack and story. If you like Homeworld 1 &2, you'll love this, too."
76561197999460255,Recommended,281610,23850566,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,thirtytwo,"Feels like an excellent mix of Command-and-Conquer, and classic Homeworld. Really great game."
,Recommended,281610,20686764,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Army of None,"Captures the spirit of the original Homeworlds. Absolutely gorgeous RTS, and the campaign is tense and engaging. Worth buying!"
76561198022366727,Recommended,281610,24052865,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pezao,"Although this is clearly not as good as Homeworld 2, it is quite an interesting entry for the franchise.Pros:- Tactic diversity: It is interesting to use the specific abilities of every unit. This, coupled with the terrain, makes for some interesting options- Campaign: Although a little bit short,Cons:- Optimization: the graphics seem to be not very well optimized as fps drops quite often. My cpu runs games with better graphics more smoothly.- Unit diversity: They could have created a few more units.- Formations and groups: I wish they could add the formation options seem in previous Homeworld games. The same applies for groups, as we can't tell faster units to move more slowly to keep up with the slower ones."
,Recommended,281610,24109434,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Fun RTS though slow gameplay.Favorite Thing: The carrier and its ability to shunt power to different systems based on the circumstances.Least Favorite Thing: Everything moves so bloody slow!Playtime: ~ 8h (campaign only)Enjoyment: 8/10Recommendation: If you're an RTS fan, yes. Otherwise ... *shrug*."
,Not Recommended,281610,24134934,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,harry_nc,"Extremely buggy. Won't start 6/7 times, will crash 3/4 times an hour. Completely ruins the game as you constantly lose progress. Such a shame as the game looks like it would be pretty fun, a good nod to the original games, but is just too buggy to be any fun. Has been out long enough that surely such major and recurrent bugs should have been fixed already?"
76561198014888992,Recommended,281610,24134328,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,paalrosen,"the story is goodthe music is goodthe graphicsThere are games that are more excitingBut in its genre, I believe that this is a great gameDraw inspiration from the game Dune 2 but base construction is on the mothership that follows the journeyAn entertaining gamerecommended"
76561198120648754,Recommended,281610,24148179,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Drunken Commander,Fantasic game play only thing that really bugs me is that you cant hit esc to pause the game you have to move your mouse over to the top left corner to open the game menu. other than that it has been a very engaging game with a rich story and good cinimatics.
76561198120542895,Recommended,281610,25540829,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,poul.kg,"I like scale in the game, units fire distance is pretty big, more like in real life.Unit scale is algo great, carrier is huge while other units are much smaller.Aircraft flying tragectory is like in real life.Anti air units fire disance is also huge.I'm a fun of C&C like games and was looking for something similar.Really enjoyed playing this gaem.Little bit sad that different fractions has almost identical units.Also DLC Soban & Kaneeph are not much different also."
76561198025370747,Not Recommended,281610,24127950,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yorelle,BE WARNED!!DONT BUY this game crashes every 20 mins and while the story was okay definetly not worth my money in the long run.
76561198096977966,Recommended,281610,26579014,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bombelix,Bloody beautiful. Top 5 soundtracks ever.Wish people were on multiplayer though :c
,Recommended,281610,28957919,Posted: 2 January,all,madbop,"The story's pace is very similar to Homeworld, but it is really a shame that the game speed cannot be reduced. Due to the tremendous speed one only views the map in the abstract sensor mode.I really miss the hold-mode where actions could be strategically coreographed and timed - and as another reviewer mentioned already - there was time to view the really nice graphics - I was hoping that the famous HW-formations and defensive patterns would have made it to the sibling, but unfortunately this was lost in this 3D to 2D-translation of HW.It is also painful that the real-world view is only very limited in its zoom capabilities and that there is no way to view the regions one acts within the sensor manager are also displayed as real world cut-outs - this IMHO would deepen the immersion into the game. What I also miss in respect to HW is the 3D ability and I would have expected that the environment in a modern desert game would interact much more with the gamer's fleet - in one way by influencing the speed, detection range and vision, on the other by being alterable by explosives etc. - This really is a missed opportunity.Also some of the designs look like they have been hastely copied from an oldsmobile paintbook. I mean a giant hover-airgraft carrier that has a front like an ancient car? really? - And what is quite annoing is the lack of mass in the game. Why does the Hover carrier jump like a ping-pong-ball even in the cut-scenes. Is physics really such a nasty thing to control nowadays? - also some crashes of fighter aircraft could profit from a modern physics engine that lets vesselss fall apart and dunes collapse or move with the wind.Also the scripting, balancing and AI is sometimes a bit of an annoyance. - Is it really necessary to build inifinite spawn points into the missions? Wouldn't there be other events that could build a more realistic pressure?I also would have liked some kind of automatisation support for the player - e.g. when to pull back or when to advance - this micromanagement always is painful and the lack of the in-game-stop-time (which is different to a pause-function) that makes HW such a teriffic experience does not make it any easier.All in all it is an enjoyable game that is worth to buy and play (although I think that 40+ pricing is a little bit off for any game that is sold under a 1person no-resell STEAM license), which unfortunately suffers from a few minor but annoying bugs, with an interesting story, but full of missed opportunities to take the core idea of the game one step into a new century (or millennium?).I really hope that this series could get a successor that combines this great but old framework and infuses it with something new an modern than a statically scripted series of events that also makes the world more alive, the sand hot and deadly, the wind painful and the dust a means to hide away from an overwhelmingly powerful enemy, where tactics and strategy helps to turn the tides, rather than large numbers of battleships and high-click rates of classic scissors/paper combinations of war machines."
76561198010919118,Recommended,281610,28926523,Posted: 1 January,all,Friendly Target,"Loved the former Homeworld games, love this one too for the same reasons.The game is NOT broken / unplayable / whatever.Played story mode only, epic & unique =DDont miss out on the game based on incorrect information - like I almost did"
,Recommended,281610,28601115,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mk4UmHa,"Very good game, have no fear and buy if you like the Homeworld Seres!"
,Recommended,281610,24375654,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Squirrel,"Best RTS of the last few years. Slick controls, especially with regard to the Kapisi. Good storyline and I enjoyed the fleet persistence. Unit AI is good, very rare to get units stuck even in a big group, also rare for them to respond too slow or annoyingly - a major problem present in other recent RTS games. Haven't played any multiplayer yet, but I was in it for the campaign anyways. 9 hours to complete campaign on Medium, and I'll be going back to try on Classic."
76561197971724679,Recommended,281610,29438627,Posted: 23 January,all,Kava Kicks,Loved it.
,Recommended,281610,29513259,Posted: 26 January,all,tbg10101,I liked it.
,Recommended,281610,29648245,Posted: 2 February,all,"Ruler master |,,,,|,,,,|,,,,|","nice game so faronly on mission 10 atm but still better then other RTS i have played recentlyedit:Thoughts after finish the game:game too short, finished the campain in 7 hours, u cant play the ohter side like other games( c&c,red alert,starcraft,warcraft)and the mulitplayer is kinda dead..so only buy if on sale.."
,Recommended,281610,20775046,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,123,"This was a great pre-quel to a Real Time Strategy game that revolutionized an industry. The dynamics of playing on land rather then space but still keeping the feel of the original game are observed.  The story campaign is short, sweet, and full of drama and a real plot unlike most stories.  The gameplay is quick, many units counter other units,  geography is key as height gives you an advantage when shooting down on your oppenent. The graphics are beauitul the gameplay is great. Its one of the better Real Time Strategy games out there. Iv'e played over a dozen hours on Multiplayer they are always fun experiences. The only badside is lack of maps but the developers are going to release more soon.A lot of the issues brought up by people are being observed by the Developeres and they are going to be releasing patches with updates, new Maps, Replay ability and more. I believe they wanted to test the waters and make a great gameplay and later on when they had the resources give the game the much needed polishing it needs to be an outstanding Real Time Strategy game."
,Recommended,281610,20673670,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MoD || Fr0z7y,"im recommending this game for a few reasons, namely because it's a ""prequel"" to the homeworld series which will open up more of the story and let you play through it, also because it does feel like homeworld.the game itself feels like homeworld. the units are different, but pretty much act and feel a lot like what you would see in the current landscape of war on our planet with some other high tech stuff mixed in, but not a lot. it's very realistic feeling, even for it being sci-fi. some of the things they have in this game are not far fetched in the scope of them being able to be used here on our planet, if we didn't have water that is. the planet is actually from what i can tell, a lot bigger than earth, which gives a lot of scope to the realism of having massive aircraft carriers that have wheels and rolling across huge seas of sand.the reason i say it feels like homeworld is the resource harvesting, the overlay, the ui, the maps, the radar screen, even some of the sounds when you have a unit selected. they start talking like they did in homeworld and it kind of freaked me out a little bit the first time i heard some of them talking about there being contacts nearby and what not. some of them would say some pretty cool stuff when there were no contacts nearby. the way you move units with attack move will show you the line of sight option as well as the elevation of the world. the unit cap increases as you go along and collect artifacts. you can capture units with your science officer, but be careful about going over unit cap as you can not capture planes to my knowledge (as in i havent tried it) and if you go over unit cap u will not be able to replace your planes. the planes (there are 3 types) are going to really make a difference in this game.for some tips:-use your aircraft carrier as a mobile gun/support craft with aa and move it closer to the fight as much as possible, if not even using it as a main target to draw fire at times repairing it with your support vehicles and letting your other units fight, this is especially helpful when you are out of cu's and they have a lot of aa and u cant get any more cu on the map.-support units are your friends but will not be able to autorepair themselves unless u find a module mid-late game, so use a couple support modules for your main group of fighting units-always keep cu available for your baserunners and the shipbreaking abilities from your salvagers/rachel-always keep as many planes as possible in your carrieri played this on classic difficulty, i restarted from a save at the beginning of one mission in the very early game because i kept screwing up. then only one mission did it make me restart mid-late game because i couldnt keep the objective, aced it and captured units after i did it the second time.10/10 for massive air game and ground game10/10 for prequel to homeworld10/10 for quality productbuy this game so we can play on multiplayer please..."
,Recommended,281610,20773097,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gwentleman,"I love it more than the previous Homeworlds.Desert environments are always cool to me and it does them beautifully.The units are great and more unique than spaceborn varieties. I loved the speed of strike fighters, the tanks with vulcan mini-guns for cannons, and most of all the gunships and how they strafe like high speed AC-130's.  Bombers loiter too much though before using their weapons and that often ends with them dying.9/10, would rate it higher if it only had more factions!"
76561198007090818,Not Recommended,281610,29249909,Posted: 14 January,all,brynethp,"So close, but some significant annoyances mean that I can't quite bring myself to recommend this.  For the sale price I paid (<£10), I don't regret my purchase, but I'd be upset if I’d paid full price.Starting with the positives, the visuals (units and landscapes), and particularly the sound design are fantastic.  The storyline is good, the missions are varied and well made.  What lets it down is the underlying game, the mechanics.No formations, very poor unit AI, the fact that a mixed group of units given a move order will proceed at their individual top speeds, spreading out and leaving themselves vulnerable.  The bizarre decision to put a cooldown on (for example) the salvagers demolition charge, which means that I can queue up four of them if I’m out of range of the target, but if I’m next to it I have to wait – why?  An Inelegant hack to allow hotkey modification I know is a limitation of the engine used (Unity), but still feels shoddy.  This is a slightly faster moving game than the first two, so the removal of the ability to issue orders while paused is deeply annoying.  I've been an RTS fan since the days off Dune II, Warcraft and TA and it’s enormously frustrating to see UI design that mostly ignores the lessons of the last 25 years.This game is currently the same price as the Homeworld remastered collection, which offers two superior games.  If you haven’t played a Homeworld game before, buy that.  If you’re already a fan, it might be worth picking this one up in a sale."
76561198029274297,Recommended,281610,20779279,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,technoxan01,"I was worried at first, Homeworld on land!? Madness! But it was actually a very nice experiance that I am still enjoying.It is very pretty, a great RTS with a very new take on ""base building"" or research in Homeworld. It also keeps the good old unit carryover for each level.And simply the unit design is astounding! I love the whole land-ship setting."
,Recommended,281610,20662513,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,oygn,"Fleet, we're home."
76561198000687815,Not Recommended,281610,28175984,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rbarrett0802,"This game is unfinished. It's balancing is terrible (missiles one-shotting planes, for instance), and it includes almost no maps for multiplayer. It is a complete scam for $50"
,Recommended,281610,20756956,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,BabbageUK,"Hats off to the developers. It's true, I'm a die-hard Homeworld fan so I am certainly biased - but believe me when I say that this is a worthy successor to the Homeworld mantle. The flow of the game and the hooks into upcoming lore (if you've played HW1 at least) is very enjoyable. The environment is all desert but I've never seen a more accurate depiction of the environment, the cut scenes memorable and in keeping with the Homeworld style as are the units themselves.I haven't finished the campaign yet, but I'm enjoying every minute of it. If this was developed to gauge the appetite for a Homeworld 3 - I say bring it on!"
,Recommended,281610,20758838,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,hawkbox,"This game really takes me back to Homeworld.  It's definitely different, over a decade of UI and AI developments renders that inevitable but I've found it challenging and exciting.  It has its flaws but overall I'm very pleased with this."
,Recommended,281610,20761263,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Azzanation,"Homeworld Deserts of Kharak is a pre-quel to one of the best Sci-Fi Space RTS games i have ever played. This RTS game is based before the events of the 1st Homeworld game and is based on land in a desert (obversely). It has great art style, the sound is great, the acting is amazing and the story is as good as you would expect for a Homeworld game. My only downplay is you cannot key bind your controls.. yetI recommand this game to all Homeworld fans and those who love Sci-Fi RTS games. Its a must buy."
76561197991896786,Recommended,281610,20761398,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Crowe,"TLDR;-Worth the price tag-Could have been a bit more polished-Not much content (Only a few multiplayer maps)-Solid game overallNot going to lie, the AI is dumb, the campaign is very easy. I chose normal difficulty on my first playthrough, and never even came close to losing a mission. On my second playthrough, I chose the harder 'classic' difficulty, and only lost once, (Due to my own stupidity, not the difficulty of the mission).The storyline is nice, although the campaign feels quite short, and ends on a rather dull note, in my opinion at least. And from the outset, you are told the objective in the desert will lead to the salvation of the Kushun people, but why? How do they know this? Just seems like strange dialogue to have so early in the game when they aren't even sure what they are going to find out there in the desert.I found the campaign to be nicely immersive however, and it seems a lot of thought and development has gone into the technology and engineering of the units, for how a civilization living on a desert planet would design their vehicles and such.The camera is somewhat annoying as well, much of the time I found it very claustrophobic outside of the sensors manager (The blue map you get when you hit spacebar), and there isn't a lot of range to zoom in and out, it is capped at a very low altitude. Unit selection is kind of a pain too, there is no military-priority selection, so dragging a big box around everything is only going to select everything.Pathfinding AI is quite bad too, on my second playthrough I tried building a lot of cruisers to form a carrier battlegroup, but most of them wouldn't follow my carrier properly, and would sit still trying to engage an enemy unit that wasn't within their line of sight.There are no formation controls as far as I can see, and no proper positioning for units in formations, when told to guard/escort your carrier, all the utility units place themselves on the outside of the formation (where they will get killed by the first unit that attacks you), instead of hugging close to the carrier like you would expect.There isn't a lot of content either, I seem to remember there being a much bigger variety of units in the other HW games, in this game you have;A resource collectorLight attack vehicle (Scissors)Armoured Assault Vehicle (Rock)Railgun (Paper)Baserunner (minelayer)4 x kinds of cruisersA fighterA bomberThat is it, so overall it is a very simple game, there aren't different kinds of frigates or corvettes like we had in the other games. But this is partially compensated for by your carrier (mothership) which can shunt power and be used offensively, defensively, or as a support ship.There are only 5 multiplayer maps too, which is a shame because it could really use the variety. I am presuming they will bring out more DLC to rectify this (Which we will have to pay for).But overall, I am happy with my purchase, if you like homeworld, you will probably like this. If you aren't familiar with homeworld, I would probably just stick with the remastered collection, at least acquiant yourself with it before buying this one, because the story of this game really depends on your knowledge of the other games."
76561198066490956,Not Recommended,281610,20736187,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Aesius the Conqueror,"An alright campaign that lasts just over 10 hours doesn't justify its $50 USD price tag. The replayability comes from skirmish and multiplayer.Skirmish has awful AI that is the worst I've seen in an RTS in recent years.The Multiplayer, while balanced and fun for the most part, has awful servers. The last 5 games I have played have resulted in myself or someone else disconnecting and ruining the game. The lag is also unbearable and a result of BBI's laziness and greediness when it comes to investing into decent servers. The lead game designer himself said multiplayer is extremely important in RTS games and then goes on to release a game with servers so bad that competitive play is impossible.Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 7/10Multiplayer: 4/10Campaign: 7/10Replayability: 5/10Skirmish: 4/10Overall score: 6/10"
,Recommended,281610,22878857,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Super Soda Guy,10/10I like sand
76561197961553546,Recommended,281610,24260349,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Einheri,Captures the Homeworld-feel although not being set in space.Great single-player campaign
76561198118412178,Not Recommended,281610,25378170,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TriggersAuntie ~Splendid~,"Fun for a while but very limited in scope and not all that many units to chose from and a very low unit limit  severly reduces its replayability compared to even old classic rts titles.This was just very dissapointing to play in skirmish mode. I tried the story but to be honest im not all that interested in game stories so i wasnt interested enough to continue.On the plus side it looks good and i like the whole mobile base carrier side of things.looked at the Dlc and it didnt seem to offer all that much of a difference for the price so yeah i didnt buy them.Definitily not worth £29.99 UK, i bought it on sale on £15 and with the content available i feel that was too steep. I really wanted this to be a fun game that i would play on skirmish for a long time  but its just lacking  too much variety for the price. Id suggest either old Command and Conquers or Total Annihilation(especially with the mods available that add so much to the game) over this anyday."
76561197970966763,Recommended,281610,32054316,Posted: 29 May,all,necro55,"So far the game is fun, the story, as of the 7th mission seems to work with the established history from Homeworld, and the combat makes sense.  I am on medium difficulty, honestly, this should be tutorial diffioculty or easy at best.  I should have started on hard I suppose, but these games are time consuming and I dont want to redo that many hours.  The homeworld series I tend to go slow, because unlike say Starcraft or C&C, it matters what you end a mission with, so I am nitpicky to not burn too much money or lose too many units as that is reflected on the next mission.That said, the game is enjoyable, and for people who like Homeworld and like a more traditional 2D RTS it is definitely fun, story is definitely worth seeing to the end, but it is sadly very VERY easy right now.I recommend it for anyone who wants some story in a familiar universe and little to no challenge."
76561197996289105,Not Recommended,281610,33993604,Posted: 3 August,all,DUG,"the devs are idiots for screwing up a game with awesome potentialim the biggest idiot for buying multiple copies of this game so i could play online with mates.... cant even do that!,  cant even play a single online game! ive left the loby open for 2 days... not one game! and no one can join mine without a drop out prior to starting .. vice versa. seriously!back to starcraft, because 20 years ago people knew how to get sit done!"
,Not Recommended,281610,20736820,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spongy Monkey,"I really liked playing it so far. Most of the other negative reviews give it a fair account of unit balance. I don't see myself 'investing' my time into it, but I could run it in windowed mode while browsing imgur or facebook.But:it has crashed on me 3 times in a little over 80 minutes of play time. For me, it is pointless playing until there is a patch.Give this a miss until they release 2 or 3 patches and definitely get it to a playable state."
,Recommended,281610,25351458,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Aaron552™,"I've only played a few space - or futuristic - RTS games. Those being Earth 2160 and a bit of Starcraft II. Me being a huge Command and Conquer fan, I thought I'd add another space RTS to my collection, that being this game.I have to admit, I'm a little disappointed in the game since I thought you would be base building but you're not. It reminds me of Command and Conquer 4: Tiberian Twilight more than anything but that's alright. I love the concept of this game and I love the gameplay. The maps are absolutely beautiful at max (and my video card is a cheap 2GB one) and the game is challenging. So my disappointment in the lack of base building is irrelevant.I recommend this to anyone who likes RTS games and doesn't like micromanagement (base building) very much. In this game, you command a carrier which deploys units and where you research upgrades and units to build from your carrier. I've only played Skirmish so far so I can learn the systems and whatnot, but plan on trying the campaign very soon. I will update my review then.In the mean time, I recommend this game. From my experience, I don't recommend the two Fleet DLCs as they are basically two retextured fleets of the base ones. I played about 5-10 minutes as Soban and I don't think I noticed anything different from the Coalition. If someone can explain the DLC more in-depth to me, please do so. I will update my review."
76561198127828900,Recommended,281610,22951119,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FallenRelapse,"A true successor to the Homeworld franchise, I was so immersed while playing the camping that I never noticed how I got to the finale."
76561198006994603,Recommended,281610,23002311,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,crlmjohnson,cannot build enough units with playing against the computer
,Recommended,281610,23203798,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Aracos,"Short but incredibly fun campaign.Skirmish is a lot of fun as well, the only thing I'd see as negative is the limited differences between the differenct factions."
76561198009689646,Recommended,281610,22987842,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dave4985,"Deserts of Kharak is essentially Homeworld on a planet's surface.  That's the best description I can come up with.  Various vehicles act as near-direct counterparts to ships from the previous two space-side games.  You research to upgrade your units, build up your forces by sending out mining teams, and manage your forces to stay under the population cap, same as Homeworld. Terrain offers minor advantages or disadvantages compared to space, but overall the gameplay is more of the same.  The story plays out through movies with a painting-like aesthetic between missions or in-engine cutscenes during the missions.  Without spoilers, it's a decent story, if that sort of thing matters to you, not superior to original Homeworld but still very solid.In short, if you liked Homeworld, you'll probably dig DoK.  If you were looking for more than that, you'll probably be disappointed.  I myself liked it just fine."
76561198034347050,Recommended,281610,23196326,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TheOrangeBox,A Pre Epic GameDon't miss out on playing the epic prequel of Homeworld - a must have in your collection and Homeworld Universe
,Recommended,281610,23505691,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Victorenta,"Not many RTS games can give you the true feeling of BOMB, SMOKE, GUN SHOT, EXPLODING STUFF, etc..Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is the tactical RTS game that give you all feeling of the Homeworld game, just change the location from the space to the deserts of Kharak."
76561197976879795,Recommended,281610,20658126,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Denkstrum,"This game bring back memories of the original Homeworld 1 from the opening scene.  The general feel of homeworld is here, with obivously a lot of care and love put into it.  You can see themes that would evolve into the Homeworld units.  It's a wonderful feeling to get a true Homeworld game again."
,Recommended,281610,20659794,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Xautos,"Having played this new game up to the review date, i have to say that is almost perfect out the box. The graphics are really great and give a whole atmosphere to the game, and finally get to learn that city that was seen in the original homeworld cutscene. The audio is really good, the sountrack is top notch and the battles are really something, compared to a few reviews i have read up about the durability of units and the lack of, there are some units that have lasted to the last mission from the first mission and there are other units that can take on a fair sized force by themselves with a support cruiser running back up for healing and defense.The cons unfortunately are unit movements, in that when you click attack with a group of units, some of them do not respond on the first second or third attempt, they fire at the target if it's in range but they fail to move. You have to manually move them and then attack the target to get them to move.Minor sound breaking specifically when you got a number of units parked against a rock, it can actually impact the performance by reducing frame rate as well, even with v-sync on there are some signs of tearing (everything on full and max and i have the rated computer for max settings without issue).The final battle with the main enemy ""mothership"" if you like, this unit moves in such a strange way that it makes for long range bombardment hard to do. For example i was going to launch a cruise missile at the target and suddenly the target veered right sideways? I have also seen it move in reverse to the right and it had no angle to do that.I have yet to play multiplayer but early signs are positive.Edit: i have discovered the game is region locked, meaning world wide multiplayer is not possible, so for example, if you are in europe, you can only play european players. there is a way around it however which is the switch your region download to another location, but keep in mind you are switching from one region to another. with that stated, the multiplayer part of the game could degenerate quickly due to a varied lack of players from across the planet to play against."
76561198006627916,Recommended,281610,20659836,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jfitchdean,Homeworld is back!Only complaint is the inability to set your formations heading at a location. Leaves your long range / support units exposed too often.9/10
76561198014150675,Recommended,281610,20661943,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Warboss Magnok Ironbreaka,"A great game that feels set to get better once modders get their hands on it until then a game that any RTS nut will love anyways due to gameplay that gives off that classic homeworld vibe. A great addition to any starved RTS gamer's ""play me!"" list"
76561198012653768,Recommended,281610,20667717,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Thornscape,"Well, the Feeling is here. It's the only reason i've recommended this game.Everything else is bad or need more work:-Keybinds set in stone. In 2015. Or maybe we back in 70th with text games?-Poor optimisation.-They took off one of the excelent feature in Homeworld - when you finish the mission, all of resourses collected for you. So you forced to ignore final task and gather cu and ru manually.-Unit design in Homeworld was great. Coalition unit in this game are bad in art style or just in shadow of enemy ship's design.-It's personal. But no minimap = awful and leads to constant jumping between view modes just to see where enemy.-Max camera distance is not to low.-Again, it's personal, but after LoTV campaign pacing here is bad. Original Homeworld campaign also was scrypted better.Why after all i recommend this game? 'cause of FEELING. While campaign in-game is bleak, story itself is immersive and DEEP.UPD just finished campaign on max difficulty with 30k cu and 4k ru left:-game is too easy-campaign is too short, especially if compared with Homeworld 2-last mission has no scale or pacing of something special, feeling of last sacrifice stripped away buy weapon you got."
,Recommended,281610,20667926,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Paradox,"It has some issues as any other game. But putting rebindable keys aside, the game feel finished (finally at least one game feels like a real product), it has homeworld feel and from my limited experience, it is just ton of fun. There is not many real time strategies and this one is one of the best..if not the best released after really really long time."
76561198055042709,Recommended,281610,20721852,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BERGUTTI,Very good game so far with the single player campaign. Had some issues at first where the game would select my integrated CPU instead of my actual graphics card. Refer to here for the fixhttps://gearboxsoftware.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/207718003-Game-Crashes-and-or-Poor-Performance-When-Running-on-a-Laptop-PC
76561198019362671,Recommended,281610,20725329,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,[ITA] Colmoschin,"Homeworld, with all that flavor of space epicness. Add some beautiful Ground Control to make it just more terrain-related and season with Dune. Shake it well and the gorgeous result is Deserts of Kharak.The 10-hour campaign is fantastic. The musics, sound effects, voices, animations are top-notch.It's not a perfect game, but it's one of the best RTS out there. The game is faster than Homeworld 1 and 2 and units are definitely more fragile. During the campaign I missed that pause between skirmishes and battles that allows you to relax and appreciate each single unit deployed on the battlefield (the enemy keeps threading a lot and you have to focus on both strategy and micro management to keep your fleet alive).Anyway, RTS players and Sci-Fi fan: you must try this game. That's an order!WE DEFINITELY NEED HOMEWORLD 3."
76561198005746429,Recommended,281610,20654000,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Jason,"This game is incredible, I've been on steam for god knows how many years and this is the first time I've wanted to actually post any sort of review.Ignore the people who are saying there is np mp and the story is short, its $Current_Year not everybody wants a massive mp scean full of idiots and the single player is AWSOME.If you like homeworld you owe yourself this game."
76561198014629196,Recommended,281610,20655028,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Kresh,"After many years, this is the 1st review I've posted on Steam.  The things I've always loved about the Homeworld games is that for me they deliver the whole package... top notch story, immersive campaign, gorgeous visuals, and  some of the best music in gaming period.  While I also play skirmish and multiplayer, for me it's all about the story and campaign.  I've played through the 1st 5 missions of Deserts of Kharak and I'm grinning from ear to ear... all the elements are here again, and they just fit and feel right and deserve the title ""Homeworld"" .  Hands down the best money I've spent on a game in quite some time, so if these sorts of things interest you in a game don't hesitate, dive in.  You'll be glad you did.10/10"
76561197991266686,Recommended,281610,20655520,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dr.Death,Game good!
,Recommended,281610,20657061,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Res,Recommend buying full price? No.Is it worth playing?  YES Definitely.
76561197977939391,Recommended,281610,20658484,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Aequitas,"Well, they've managed to make it feel like Homeworld, on a planet ... so yeah ... what more could you want really."
76561198010553011,Recommended,281610,20658503,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nocturnal,"While I did enjoy this game, extremely short is how I would have to describe it."
76561197990832473,Not Recommended,281610,20663006,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,p235,"I love home world, this is the game that stole the time I use to have set aside for  c and c, startrek amoda, unreal tornament and so many other gaems,  but it must not like my Pc that loaded with a A6 chip 4 cpu's 2.7GHZ, 22GB or ram and 2TB HD and a card thats a amd r9 that has on board 2GB of ddr5 - the os is a 65 bit as well as the cpu - I have all the drivers and the OS and bios updated so why dose this game keep crashing, for now IM going to have to say my rating will not be so good for this game Ill play it some more and maybe turn down some of the settings on my video card and then repost but I was hoping this run as good as my starcraft."
,Recommended,281610,20726525,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Pudding,"10/10 exceeded expectations. Sure its not a homeworld space game but the campaign, voice acting, unit detail are amazing.No unit formations or key rebindings though...."
,Recommended,281610,20649501,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Redrock,This is the RTS game you have been looking for.
76561197967165306,Recommended,281610,20653149,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dux Magnus,It is all that I expected. Great visuals and story. Has the same feel of the orginals but on the ground :)
,Recommended,281610,20654747,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Gunner,"It's largely faithful to Homeworld, and helps to tie things together just a bit more. It's all great. Land Carriers are great. Ship wrecks are great. Land Carriers with Tacitcal missiles and multi missile launchers are even greater.You can also watch the Kapisi do sick jumps off of sand dunes, nevermind that it's 500 meters long."
,Recommended,281610,20656267,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,BiGZ,"Pretty decent game, like the new concept, especially the way aircraft are used, cuts down the boring micro management.Having your base as a mobile aircraft carrier is awesome >.>Seems to have really small collection of maps, not sure if the are going to rely on modders for this, also lacks diversity in units."
,Recommended,281610,29701141,Posted: 4 February,all,aalani.1976,One of the best RTS games.
76561198080062048,Recommended,281610,29448012,Posted: 23 January,all,The Merrygate,From the aspect of the story this game provides as a back story to what happened leading up the the events of the first Homeworld game I must prase it though at some points the game felt lacking especially after finishing the campaign though dispite that fact I would recomend this game if you are really into the Homeworld Games and you just want to get it for the story.
76561197994566697,Recommended,281610,29692865,Posted: 4 February,all,Greaser,Such a good prequel... It is like Terminator 2 :) less complicated than homeworld though. Ppl who like complex strategies may not like it. The story crushes every other RTS game i have ever played. This is a classic and must be played imo.
76561198007072316,Recommended,281610,29954780,Posted: 15 February,all,vega-3,"The artwork is amazing. Even the gameplay is fun and tactical. With that said, the single player campaign felts very short.If you plan to play this game for solo use only, don't expect very much. Even with playing around and doing stupid stuff(and a mission bug), I've only clocked in 12hrs of game play. Minus at least an hour from doing a custom game.If you like fighting othe people online, this maybe your next RTS. Each unit is important so don't needlessly through your units out. Resources are limited though it should get you far enough to the top stuff. Winning can be done by the smallest so don't ignore possible threats for too long.Personally for me I wouldn't buy it, ONLY because I tend to solo stuff. HOWEVER, if you enjoy matching wits with other people online, I would suggest diving into this and just see how good or bad you can be."
,Recommended,281610,30005354,Posted: 18 February,all,ForTheWhimsy,"The good:Very much a Homeworld game.Good strategic and tactical options.Looks and sounds great.The bad:Po-faced story.Some units just don't seem useful.The game camera isn't great.I would have loved the option to speed up and slow down time.I enjoyed the game, even though it is quite short for a strategy game. I'd be interested in a sequel and/or expansions."
76561198027381519,Recommended,281610,29666750,Posted: 3 February,all,fallenbirdman,"I have been a fan of the Homeworld franchise since I picked up Homeworld 2 off the shelf.  These are great games, and Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak did not disappoint.  I will only cover three main points that really stood out to me.The first is RTS controls.  This game has very similar straight forward controls like the the previous games.  If you play RTSs this won't be difficult for you.  I recommend using mixed units when fighting the enemy.The second thing I want to mention is unit detail.  I love realism, and Homeworld never fails.  I will say that I expected more out of this game.  It does look beautiful, but I was more impressed with Homeworld 2's level of detail than this game.  Explosions really disappointed me.  Still beautiful, but not as impressed as usual.The last thing I will mention is the campaign story.  Multiplayer doesn't really excite me unless I'm playing with a friend or two.  If you are looking for that same style of storyline as the previous games, you will find it here.  I really feel like this is an actual history of this race of people when I'm playing.  The seamless transtion from cinematics to gameplay is just like the old games.  I love playing through the story...which is challenging as usual.I recommend this games to Homeworld fans.  If you haven't played the others, I recommend you play the more recent Homeworld Remastered release."
76561198014577646,Recommended,281610,29999782,Posted: 17 February,all,Gustafssonz,"This is a hate/love.The game is Love,the community is lovethe lore is love.But the marketing, shipping, packaging, ""ready-ness"" was hate and therefore now suffer from it even today.While community is low it's very dedicated.The game is stunning when it comes to gameplay but you wont find many multiplayers online.The small community use Discord to arrange battles, tournaments etc.Buy it with love and support of the HW-serie. Otherwise no."
76561197987193853,Recommended,281610,29703143,Posted: 4 February,all,Pajaga,"A beautiful and engaging experience, albeit somewhat brief."
,Recommended,281610,29596133,Posted: 30 January,all,GigaStoat,"A worthy successor to the original space operas (themselves having arguably the best RTS campaigns ever made).The scale is obviously smaller, with interceptors and jump drives replaced with dune buggies and trundling from point to point in a hulking carrier on tank tracks, though it retains Homeworld's epic sweep and punchy story beats.You won't be building impenetrable fortresses among the dunes or building huge fleets to overwhelm your enemies - there's no structures and you'll be scraping by each mission with a handful of units (at least on higher difficulties). This makes for a more focused and frantic RTS experience where you'll be concentrating on positioning and using each unit's special abilities to give you the advantage - for example, activating your Light Armored Vehicle's speed boost to charge through an opponent's front lines to take out their hard-hitting railguns, or laying down smokescreens to allow weaker units to escape.The campaign doesn't outstay its welcome and there's surprising variety to be found in the maps given that they're essentially all vast sandpits. It would be fair to say it's pretty light on content, and it feels somewhat of a proof of concept for a more substantial entry in the franchise, but it's clear that the devs understand what makes a Homeworld game tick and I'm excited to see where they go from here. The way light vehicles swarm around bigger targets is very reminiscent of the balletic dogfights in the original two games and the soundtrack and hand-drawn cutscenes are on-point for the series.Great to see HW back and on form!"
76561198128696082,Recommended,281610,29819022,Posted: 10 February,all,Varathius,"One of the best RTS games of all time (next to homeworld 1/2), followed closely by Ground Control and the original C&C when Westwood studios was still in business.The good:- Beautiful, beautiful graphics!- You indeed feel that you are in the Homeworld universe.- Amazing battle chatter- Fun and amazing skirmish- Great campaign storyThe cons:- Lack of support by devs. (adding maps, etc.)- Near extinct Multiplayer (forget 2 v 2, you are lucky to find 1 v 1 at times).- Campaign although nice, could have been longer (approx. 7-8 hr campaign on Normal difficulty).- Towards the end-game when you massed a huge fleet with many units, expect regular FPS drops (I used gtx1080 strix on ultra).Conclusion:This could hands down have been the best modern day RTS game out there! Too bad the game wasn't appropriately advertised, thus less people managed to join from the beginning on, which in my opinion left the devs no other option to let go of the support and love that this game deserves. The game runs flawlessly (win 10), and it is great fun to play some skirmish from time to time. The campaign on medium setting is challenging and on classic (highest setting) is rather hard, so if you are up for a challenge, you're in good hands with this game.Do I recommend it at the current price?- YES. Simply because this is one of the best RTS games out there that for some reason did not get the attention that it should have."
76561198002621482,Recommended,281610,29537468,Posted: 28 January,all,Ninja_Prime,"I finally got this game on sale, after reading the reviews I was very sceptical about it and was not really expecting much. After playing a few hours, this reminded me so much of Ground Control by. Massive. It just goes to show how advanced GC for its time. Anyway, the game is a solid RTS game, Homeworld on the ground. The only real gripe I have with this game is that you cannot do any custom key binds or squad formations, and it does not really offer anything different or new from any other RTS game out there. Its fun to play and lacking any real RTS games out there at the moment, this game makes for a pleasant experience. Out of 10 I would give this game a 7, just for a solid story line and gameplay."
,Recommended,281610,29687834,Posted: 4 February,all,iceland_ash,"Its a good RTS, although it doesn't approach the tactical depth of previous Relic titles. The Campaign is too short and the AI in the skirmish is easy to beat, even on the Hard setting. If I was advising BBI, I'd recommend an AI tweak, some additional missions and maybe some way of getting the multiplayer community started as there's rarely times one can match with other players. 8/10"
76561197994148662,Not Recommended,281610,29837840,Posted: 10 February,all,flyingheath,"I tried hard to like this game, but the unit pathing and the camera controls just make this game to hard to enjoy."
,Recommended,281610,29937712,Posted: 15 February,all,lowt3ch,why isn't there more?There needs to be a sequel or another chapter to this story.
,Recommended,281610,23829612,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,wushudragon,"Best RTS since Comand and Conquer: Red Alert.  The original, not the generals reskinned remake.  This game does nothing too original - though the elevation bonus is a nice mechanic - but everything is well polished and just fun to play.  Highly recommended.  Especially if the devs update soon to include remappable keybindings and additional SP/MP content."
,Recommended,281610,24512526,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mdwyer,"If you're more than 30 years old, you've played this game before.  It was called Earth 20_0 or Ground Control. The latter being a better example, and it is difficult to tease out the difference between the two. There's a mobile base, one sort of special 'champion' unit, and an enemy that tosses mobs after you from time to time, interrupting your resource gathering.  The easily-fooled scripted events make an appearance, too. Everything's here, from the terrible pathfinding and crushing unit limits.  Its place in the Homeworld history seems a little misplaced, too;  the novelty of a third dimension gets crushed down to just a sense of high-ground versus low-ground.To be fair, that aspect of the game -- line of fire and line of sight -- is very well done, and units will tell you with very clear graphics what is blocking their fire and what you could move to get around that.While I'm enjoying the game, the primary feeling I keep having is that I've seen this before. I've played this game before. Really, the only reason I have to recommend this game is that I cannot think of anything else like it that came out this decade.  It's not a great game, but it scratches and itch that's been ignored for a long, long time.Despite the fact that there's nothing really new, here, there's nothing really wrong with the formula that needs help.  It is keeping me entertained, and that's pretty much what it is supposed to do.  There's no way this is a $60 game, but $30 seems about right."
76561198179291254,Not Recommended,281610,34046819,Posted: 5 August,all,wly168,So disappointed by lack of commitment to fix the bug of invincible units. Crap quality control. A real disappointment after prior homeworld products.
,Recommended,281610,24428473,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tox1c5lug,"I was very sceptical of this game when I first heard that Shipbreakers was going to be in the Homeworld universe. Homeworld is supposed to be in space! How is this Homeworld!?I am happy to say that after finishing the campaign all my worries could finally be laid to rest: This is indeed a Homeworld game :DThe dessert is as stark and misterious as space was in the original. The austhetics are as good, if not better than the original and the sound... oh my god the sound is superb!ProsSound, music and general austheticStoryClever game playConsBugsCampaign is too short"
,Recommended,281610,25049355,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr.SelfDestruct,"This game is awesome. Plays like a Relic game as it should... since its former Relic devs and that is a good thing.  Fun combat, I also like that you keep your units from mission to mission. It it worth the price as they are a small dev team, hopefully they get enough money to make homeworld 3.  It is a quality so game pick it up."
76561198310291764,Recommended,281610,24991441,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,lockey50,"I loved the original HomeWorld and HW2 back in the day, this is really reminiscent of that with a new story and plot.  If you liked the 1st two, then you'll like this one."
76561198041743521,Not Recommended,281610,29411779,Posted: 21 January,all,Bart,"There is no active tactical pause (it was featured in H1, H2). Game is fast and there is no way you will be able to make some smart decisions, focus on majestic explosions or even control the situation on more than 1 battlefields. This game looks like materialization of the ADHD (clik! clik! CLIK! screen slide! click! clik!...) and is unplayable for me. This feature might have been removed because RT in RTS stands for real time and pause stands in direct opposition to the real time but so does the save game feature and why didn't you decide to remove that as well? If some people are idealists in this matter they can decide to not use pause. Just go for it and do not throw out this useful feature for gamers who really appreciate other gaming style. After I said about this dealbreaker to my friend he responded: ""I will not pay for something that will frustrate me, exhaust me and♥♥♥♥♥♥me off! I can do those 3 things simultaneously in a real time [and in a real world]"". Well said Krzysztof, well said..."
,Recommended,281610,27597190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,napoleonic_sp007rz,"Okay it is not a 3D spaceship RTS like the priginal games, this is a land based rts game, however they still kinda nailed the homeworld visual style, story pacing and narrative style for this title.I wish the campaign is longer and they should've gone with their ""semi open world, find your own way through the hostile desert campaign""  concept, that would possibly be the best rts campaign ever made.Still for the current sale price this game is kinda a must have for all rts and homeworld fans."
76561198012460810,Recommended,281610,20647399,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Drunken,"NOTE: I've only played the tutorial and I already love what they are doing with this game.Why did it take until this title for combined arms units to properly use terrain for screening and hull-down positions without me having to micro-manage them? The elevation display, which is a simple three-color affair indicating high/even/low ground relative to the selected unit is so damn elegant and well thought out.Graphically, its gorgeous so far. The music and tech design homeworld veterans know and love is also here in spades."
,Recommended,281610,20659438,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[TMF] fLux9,I like it.
,Recommended,281610,20768852,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"Deserts of Kharak has good RTS mechanics, solid controls, good graphics, and an interesting Campaign mode… which is rare for an RTS. Overall it’s a very enjoyable game that I wish I could feel safe recommending.I’m giving this game a thumbs-up because I rate it to be above average, but not truly excellent. Unfortunately the game does have some caveats:-	Campaign is truncated and felt underdeveloped (13 missions)-	Voice acting, while passable, sounds phoned in at times-	Multiplayer has only 5 maps at time of launchIt’s a good game, but the lack of content makes it a concern whether the longevity will be there. Bear that in mind before you go making your purchase. You can see my full review here:https://youtu.be/Q0uj9X5FqQM"
76561198153924150,Recommended,281610,20660064,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Gaz,very good :)been waiting for a new homeworld game for over 10years! :)Lets hope there will be more to come.
76561198048438944,Recommended,281610,20647351,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Yoloshanks,"Game is great. Graphics are stunning, atmosphere is tense and the campaign is wonderful!I actually failed the third campaign mission at hell's gate. On the previous mission I had 100RU's left, but both my salvagers were destroyed. and in the third mission I couldn't collect resources! saddest time of my life having to replay.11/10 REPLAYABILITY"
76561198045763227,Recommended,281610,20814579,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Reaper_MDSI,i think i got it to not freeze but the game is amazing
76561198128265189,Recommended,281610,23625045,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,pinehurs,"Ok this is not a review I love the game, I have the original home world games one and two and as well the new remastered versions, when they first came out it was an unbelievable the best in its class and nothing for me has been better since, now my pet peev about the deserts of Kharak wich is not a game killer but close is the fact that you cant pause the action like in home world and micro manage your squades at least I cant find the pause other than pausing the game this is a frustraition for me but still a good game. Thanks from and old time gamer.    now bring me that pause"
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,281610,27489438,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"No rebindable keys (!), no skippable cutscenes, no pause, no opening menu with ""esc"" key. Are you serious? These are like the basics of functionality."
76561198042209381,Recommended,281610,33164073,Posted: 2 July,all,Toad,"This is a great game.I bought this yesterday on sale with the DLC for about 13 quid. I've just finished the fantastic campaign which has some amazing graphics, fabulous music and a cool story. The 'weight' your units have, the look of them and  the nice mechanics like high ground, unit abilities like smoke affecting line of sight, a clean functional interface - makes me wonder what people (the negative reviews) expect their money? as compared to many other games I've bought on Steam at this price, this is one of the best.Be aware the game campaign is fairly short (about 12 missions), the multiplayer appears pretty dead, and it is not reallly being supported anymore. It really is a fun game and I can't wait to search out some multiplayer fun (albeit I'll be aweful).Cheers!  9/10"
,Recommended,281610,33324619,Posted: 6 July,all,Parallel,"I have to say the Campaign alone makes the game worth buying, the artwork and narration is incredible, the story engaging, and those little animated bits between the missions gave me goosebumpsRTS wise, i love the whole capitalship/carrier approach (in fact i already bought the remastered collection as i never played homeworld and after this game i wish to see more) and most of all i appreciated the strategic view as i always felt in control of my own units and always knew what all of them were doing. My only wish is that the multiplayer was a bit more active, but you do find the occasional game to play.So yes, i wholeheartedly recommend the game!"
,Not Recommended,281610,33538557,Posted: 14 July,all,Wiggle,"Great game, awesome attention to detail and atmosphere. However if you're thinking about getting this game for the narrative good luck with that... In my experience after getting to the fifth mission I ended up having my progression suddenly halted by important triggers not working even after four reloads to checkpoint and a fresh start of the whole level. After looking into this it seems this has been a problem since launch, so given how long they've had to address this problem if it's not fixed now I doubt they'll get round to it... Which would be a massive shame, because I was loving this marvel of a game until this sudden roadblock. Maybe I'm just cynical, so take this as you will. For now I can't suggest a buy until at least this bug and any others like it that might exist further in to the story are resolved."
76561198047448397,Recommended,281610,33545659,Posted: 14 July,all,Xanaaaaa,"A well made game. It captures the original Homeworld atmosphere really good. The design and the cinematics are beautiful, the music and the sounds are bringing back some good memories and fitting the game well. The only negatives I can say that it is rather short and not really challenging (I finished the campaign is 8 hours on the hardest difficulty). If you love RTS and Homeworld I really recommend buying it!"
76561198027307470,Not Recommended,281610,33584354,Posted: 16 July,all,Panzershrek,The game is cluncky and not easy to play.
76561198009055468,Recommended,281610,33713131,Posted: 21 July,all,Stryx,"Desserts of Kharak might not be longest game or it may not have the greatest graphic appearance. But that doesnt matter in the smallest. It is the true return to the universe of Homeworld series, evidently made with love for the original lore, style and mythology. I had a great time playing this prequel to the Homeworld journey."
76561198081103893,Not Recommended,281610,35175099,Posted: 24 September,all,DoublePlusUngood,"YES, for the odd non-believers EVERY other Homeworld game had Tactical Pause, yes I see people arguing they didn't somehow as if you can't just play the games to check. That said IDK why it is so hard for the Devs to simply add a simple OPTION. That one tiny little check box in the game menu (that way those super cool hardcore ""true"" gamers could turn it off) would turn my thumb from down to up in a heartbeat.""Why would it have that it's called an RTS"". The previous games were also concidered RTS. Here's why I believe it only makes sense to have one in a game like this. I, as the player, am actually taking on the role of many many people. I, as a human being with one brain, cannot simultaneously make 5 command decisions and carry them out within 1 second. Having the tactical pause allows me to role play as it were and put myself into each units pilot and make decisions for each as if I was in each unit for that second whereas otherwise I could not.On top of that I LOVE the art design. I love zooming in on a unit and watch it fire or take hits or whatever. Without pause there simply is no time to appreciate anything. If you aren't fully zoomed out or even in tac map your gonna be screwed. This relegates you to looking at little dots. ???I simply can't understand how implementing the option could hurt anyone since you could just turn it off or just not use it. I'm not alone, do a google search and you'll see sooo many people are asking for this. If I thought it could be modded in I'd hope for that but can't see how that could be done then again I'm no coder and since the Devs have come on the forums and stubbornly persisted this mindset of making their customers unhappy for some stupid conviction...let's not forget the franchise is known for it. Then I won't help them sell it.So, sorry favorite franchise of all time (pretty much) I can't recommend. BTW it's the only game I have ever done so. Sad.Edit: Oh and you can't re-bind keys. For a left-handed person this is almost deal breaker. Bought a keyboard which allows that but it's hardly ideal and sometimes doesn't work correctly. DEVS QUIT DOING THIS!!!"
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,281610,33553701,Posted: 15 July,all,Jaswolf,You build green icons then you send your green icons onto red icons.If your green icons > red icons = you win else you retryWhile you are managing your green icons against red icons there's some chatters in your headphone.It's like people talking non sensical things about war and why you must destroy other people for the sake of peace and democracy.Unity Engine = crap performance please devs stop using it !!!
,Recommended,281610,33747482,Posted: 23 July,all,Sedghammer,"This is one of the best RTS games to come out in years, for several reasons.-Large scale: You'll be fighting over great distances, but simultaneously each unit.-Strategic zoom: Zoom out to see the entire battlefield. All modern strategy games should have this feature.-Veterancy: Each unit has veterancy which rewards unit preservation.-Line of Sight- Line of sight and height advantage are simulated. Use smoke screens to block line of sight for an attack or to screen your retreat. Take to the high ground with your railguns and pick off the enemy without risk.-Combined arms: Units have very distinct roles. Most are specialists, forcing you to use combined arms to be the most effective.-Micro: Unit types allow for lots of interesting and varied engagements. Intel and support are key to closing out the match.-Artifact System: One way to win a match is to collect artifacts, which forces you to play aggressively. Collecting artifacts gives your carrier (basically a mobile base) a boost to its abilities. If you can manage to take your carrier on the offensive you are at a big advantage.TLDR: This is one of the most interesting and feature full RTS games to come out in years. I'd give it a 9.5/10."
76561198001319511,Not Recommended,281610,33902085,Posted: 30 July,all,Asmodeus,"The game is not worth its price tag. I recommend it on sale for less than 10€.One critical bug - unfixed since 2 years - almost made it impossible for me to progress. It took five tries of the mission. An annoying waste of time. This is why I ultimately decided to go for non-recommendation.In general the game is ok in single player, however it lacks polish. Given half a year more of development time it would have been a great game. Very likely partially Gearbox is to blame here, since they stopped the funding. Some issues in random order:- The AI is bad. I won almost every mission on the hardest difficulty on the first try. Even the final mission was very easy.- Your ""mothership"" is overpowered. Most of the time I just sent the mothership (full with planes), Rachel and a support cruiser and delt with everything the AI sent at me.- The best music of the game plays at the outro.- The units are too brittle. This destroys the epic homeworld feeling.- The storyline is not very exciting and doesn't have any surprises.- Pathing is bad and the AI targetting is bad:There were several instances my guys destoryed a enemy cruiser I had already captured.- Enemy AI priorisation is bad. The enemy AI focusses on turrets. So you build one surrounded by your units an mow the enemy coming for your turret to pieces."
76561198080601312,Not Recommended,281610,35139125,Posted: 22 September,all,(+-_-) Nyaapasu,"As a fan of Homeworld series, I would like to recommend this game.Howerer, this game gets several unfriendly details and bugs, if you are not interested in the story of Homeworld, just stay away from it.Such as: To my surprise, you can not change key bindings.You do not have ""restart mission"" button in the game.This game is extremely resources consuming, I can silkly smoothly run Homeworld remastered under ULTRA settings, but this game is skipping frames all the time.Very long loading time in single game, and the devs forgot to add a progress bar to the loading screen (maybe they meant to do this, it is too long).Sometime, the pilots in aircrafts forget how to land on carrier.The carrier may do someset when there is a rock on its route (Interesting, for real).Units' rank marks have display issue.Overall, I can not believe they push this game out after making the brilliant Homewrold remastered game, what are you doing there?不是家园粉就别买了，这游戏不行。"
76561198072168788,Recommended,281610,33202384,Posted: 3 July,all,Carpophorus,"As an RTS buff, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone interested in the genre.Beautiful artwork, Interesting story, gameplay is solid.Offered some unique experiences, and was really a breath of fresh air."
76561197970609729,Recommended,281610,23642478,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,RabidStoat,"**** For some reason Steam thinks I had a promo copy of the game - I did not ****It's a beautiful game, it FEELS like homeworld, it's every bit as hard.+ Gorgeous graphics throughout+ Good use of realistic terrain advantages in combat+ Keeps you thinking at all times - boredom just doesn't happen- Multiplayer is built around rush tactics - don't expect to have a long match against AI or Players- No resource trading makes teamplay somewhat superficial- Defense oriented players are doomed - mobility is key to survival, you must always be on the attackI loved Homeworld; I once stonewalled a Vagyr invasion for an entire hour while my teammates built up for a win.  This game isn't suited to my playstyle alas. If you can grasp the hit-and-run nature and the constant balancing of resources you'll love this. If you're stuck (like me) in a traditional RTS mindset you'll struggle and rage-quit a lot.It's a great game and I wish I was better at it. Hopefully Blackbird will find a way to balance it so that the less adaptable amongst us can keep up, before too many leave the game behind as a flawed gem in the desert sand."
76561197969700844,Recommended,281610,23617707,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jarii246,"Intriguing campaign and dynamic combat. Also, its a prequel to the Homeworld series!"
76561197960797463,Recommended,281610,20695306,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JaH,The follow-up in this franchise I wanted and was hoping for.  Loved it.
,Recommended,281610,20695422,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Waldemart,Like this game! Pretty graphics and gameplay!
76561198118912842,Not Recommended,281610,35086826,Posted: 20 September,all,*****xcom,Boring. Gamplay too scripted. No action pause.
,Not Recommended,281610,20655114,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Best Waifu,"A decent rts game.I recommend playing the solo on hardest difficulty otherwise it's just boring.The game is very easy, what, you find it hard? Then stop playing the objectives and always think of getting the ressources first !!!Sadly the solo isn't as epic as before, no huge fights with tons of huge ships. Just small engagements where your air units and tanks with support cruiser does the job. That's all you need to win the game.Multiplayer looks fine but is kind of slow (to unlock units) and once again no huge fights. You have actually less supplies limit then the solo (125 whereas 200). And no more than 6 players.Also, barely any ressouces. On 1v1 you're not gonna get past the tank units.Some glitch here and there (units movements can become chaotic for a bit but it's entertaining)Black Bird give me EPPPICCCCCCCCC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Idc if it's in a 5$ dlc but this just feel empty for a war. I want destruction, pain, drama, real despair when you see the tide turning after a gruesome ambush.... Cause I just feel like I'm fighting with rocks and sticks at this point."
76561197985041888,Not Recommended,281610,20762393,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TooLateToTalk,I took my time with this game and I had a lot of high hopes for it. But in the end it disappointmented me. Unit restrictions always suck in RTS games but this didn't even create a challenge like it did in their previos space games. The story was ok but it was still blah.Getting upgrades wasn't that noticable. And the new improvements were also blah. I'd of like to of seen more.
76561198008459496,Not Recommended,281610,20662645,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,tiolc21,"I'd have to say that after all of the hype about the Homeworld series, this game is just another example of how a company got a great idea to slap a legendary title on their game to sell more copies and then half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥making the game. In an RTS, the very core of the game is the factions/units/abilities of anything you can touch. This game has 2 very basic factions that arent that much different except for the way they look. I certainly expected more, Good job though you marketing jerks, you got my money again. I am very disappointed with this purchase."
76561198005824795,Not Recommended,281610,23821463,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kage,"Story wise, the game may have potential, at least I liked what I saw 6 hours in, but gameplay wise it's nothing but hard counters and micromanagement against endless waves of enemy designs, which I find digustingly dull. Add to that the inability to change unit formations from a staggered box, let alone formation direction which is quite important in a game that has both line of sight and terrain elevation bonuses, you get not only a boring game but a frustratingly incomplete game one at that.I can only hope that the original Homeworld's gameplay is radically different to it's successor, because I could only just barely consider this a real time strategy game."
76561198039646097,Not Recommended,281610,22829480,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,AWitt25,"I must say, I was frustrated wit the developers on this one. Great product gone bad. Here is an outlook of the first 3 months of release...Initial impression, Engaging campaign, Gorgeous landscape and graphics, overall gameplay and physics pretty spot on.Then came the multiplayer/comp stomp experience... absolutely awful. I look to the maps available and at release I believe it was 4... yes, 4 maps. Games in the 1990's had a better selection of battlegrounds to wage war on (since then they've slowly added but every other game out there has more maps still) .Region locking issues, the worst AI i've ever encountered in a game. I've played starcraft, total annihilation, red alert, warcraft, dawn of war, company of heroes... yes.. this game blows with AI. Some AI units dont respond when being attacked, some games it's the same 5 scout units routinely attacking me in 5min intervals, some games you literally could win with 1 type of unit, the AI is not intelligent.Then came cash grab tactics.. Look at the release date, Jan 20th. In two months after release they release a PAID fleet pack. 2 months after the game came out!! Oh wait, they put another fleet pack out a month after that one too! If you can whip out two fleet packs but take two months to make one AI patch that had a minimal impact on AIIt's ridiculous on how developers are about cash grabs and taking advantage of the faithful like myself who preordered the game and have been a lifelong fan of homeworld.My suggestion, wait til the game comes on sale for about 20 bucks and you can enjoy some pretty visuals, a decent campaign, and lackluster AI.Recap:+ Visuals, Gameplay mechanics, Campaign- Annoying Bugs, Unresponsive/Lackluster AI, Greedy Devs, Weak online community/multiplayer, limited map selection"
,Not Recommended,281610,32509931,Posted: 17 June,all,Malekith,"Only by this if it's on sale for less than £5, and only if you are interested in playing the campaign which you can do within a day. It has a good concept but everything else about it is mediocre at best."
76561198007901880,Not Recommended,281610,31498560,Posted: 1 May,all,SunGod,"Somwhere beneath a ton of cut-scenes and uninteresting narration is a mediocre real-time strategy game that hoped it would be as cool as it's amazing predecessor, Homeworld. It failed to achieve that status.I loved Homeworld when it came out, just an amazing game for its time. Kharak, I had hoped, would take me back to that time so I could relive fond memories. Unfortunately it didn't. Just maybe an hour in, I'm already bored and uninstalling the game. On to better things.Next time, devs, lay off the cut-scenes, and give me more freedom to do things, don't just throw wave after endless wave of shooting enemies at me. That was cool like 15 years ago, but it got really old."
,Not Recommended,281610,20774988,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,John Christ,Wait till it's on sale.  It's just not worth $50.
,Not Recommended,281610,34624838,Posted: 30 August,all,Pier,"The story and atmosphere are awesome, but the poor Unity performance, terrible UI and controls are deal breakers."
,Not Recommended,281610,20648720,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Gimboid,"I've clocked a little over an hour into the game and completed the first three (of what I believe is around 10-12 missions for the story) and have stopped for now to provide a review and feedback.My initial reaction to playing the game, is that there are some deep seeded homeworld aspects that are missing from the game, this was something I was expecting due to the limited press demo's provided prior to the games release.Homeworld as a series remains my all-time favourite, I am an owner of the Remastered Collectors Edition and have dumped quite a few hours into that now that I can play homeworld on a modern PC. The negative feedback I have is such:Map Texture qualitySeems very low, I am running the game on maximum settings and the sand and scenery simply doesn't add the same atmosphere that you see in the pre-rendered footage.No Unit Interactions like Homeworld 1-2Unit interactions are a generation behind the original homeworld games. In Homeworld 1, when your resource harvester collected materials and returned to hand them in, you could actually watch it dock with your resource controller/mothership and transfer the resources back.The resource controller in DoK looks like it was going to have something similar, but they didn't finish implementing it, instead, when your resource collectors reach your collector, the mineral bar vanishes and they move off for their next collection.No DockingAnother cool and fun Sci-fi aspect of Homeworld was docking, the fact that after a run, you could dock your strike craft with your mothership or carriers for more efficient repairs (and in Catacylsm, retro-fitting), there is no docking in DoK, once your carrier spits out a new unit it outside for good, with the extremely shot repair range on the other vessels, repairing large groups of small craft is fiddly and annoying rather than engaging and fun.With your main 'mothership' in DoK being a Carrier, I was expecting the same mechanicCutscene RenderingSeveral of the cut-scenes seem a little poorly rendered, the art-style itself is fantastic, but again on a modern game on a very high-end PC, I expected more crisp visuals than how they are displaying on my PC.Zoom controlsThese seem way too limited, I find myself constantly wanting to zoom out more, the maximum limit feels very claustraphobic, resulting in an awful lot of scrolling around and quick-tabbing to the sensors manager just to view short distances, unlike again the original homeworld games where you could zoom out to a great degree for unit selection and controlsomfg, why is the main menu on F10 and not ESC like 99% of games?!?!I was taking part in a mission and needed to pause, to my surprise, ESC did nothing, I started spamming every key on the keyboard until suddenly one of them opened the game menu, I was then able to check the key-bindings (which, are fixed btw and cannot be remapped) and discover that mid-game, the main menu is accessed from F10 (whyyyyyyyyyyyyy).SummaryMaybe my expectations are too high, considering that Homeworld 1 + 2 are multi-award, ground breaking titles, but I at least, from my perspective was expecting more, not because it's a homeworld prequal, but but because it was made by the core guys that made the original HW games, I was expecting an evolution of mechanics, not a simplification that in many ways looks like a step-back to me, or, unfinished implementation due to a rushed development and launch."
76561197963475338,Recommended,281610,21582565,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Randomist,"Bloody amazing.If you liked homeworld 1 & 2, this is the game for you.i could rave more but really its just a bloody good game. must buy. how an RTS should be done!"
,Recommended,281610,21650820,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[HH:FS]kroz,"Beautiful, intense, epic..."
76561198006582789,Not Recommended,281610,32271825,Posted: 8 June,all,Muertington,"No, just no.I havent finished the main campaign I admit it and dont have the intention to do so.Its 2016 (well 17 now) and what we get is a game designed basically for multiplayer.Simplistic campaign (nice artstyle and all no discussion but thats it) and after you are done with it just skirmish or against other players.Just like they did in 2003 with Homeworld 2.Its not a bad game per se, is just a very simple in its approach and offers nothing to those of us who do not like or want to do multiplayer."
,Recommended,281610,21829467,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,System of a Dawn,I love this game. Please...need expansion!
76561197986218006,Not Recommended,281610,21444115,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tim,"DONT BUY IT! It has a very short campaighn, it is not as interesting as the original homeworld game. When you upgrade your carrier no new modules apear. It is basicaly a slaped together look alike. I only got it out of respect for the original game."
76561197969050984,Not Recommended,281610,20929722,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Siddius,"First of all i LOVE Homeworld I and II , but this ..They could have done much more, but i think they missed their own target. Espacially ship wracking. It would have been so cool if you would cut out pieces of the ship an harvest the wrecks itself. No. just normal mineral harvesteing. Or putting c4 next to some wrecks, make them explode aaaand harvest minerals ... so sad. I would say if you dont play it you wont miss anything. If you really want to play it, wait a year for better price and maybe some better content, KI , etc.Pro:* Nice graphics, also ist always desert* Sound is nice, like we are used to in Homeworld. Much com talking makes great ambience* Story, its not really a pro but its okay. Nothing special, okay but not more.Con:* Difficulty, i play it first time on hardest lvl. Simply run throug in 7 hours ... really ?? I think way too less for this price.* KI, its just stupid and not reacting to anything.* Keys, arrow keys for map moving ! Why ? :( and you cant even change it. There is no way to move the map with awsd* Campaign bugs, if you dont do only what you are supposed to do, you can f*** up the scripts and you get stuck in a lvl. ( happend 2 times :( )* Units doesnt move together. Everyone who played Homeworld loves to have that big♥♥♥♥♥formations. Not in here. The small buddys go ahead and die alone if you dont pay attantion all the time.* Hotkey, for a Strategie game not enough to configurate.* Air units, if you use them right, they are just OP. But to use them you have to chose your carrier every time.. its a pain...* 2 Types of minerals, Why ? even on hard i never lacked even of one type. Nice try but totally worthlessSorry for my bad english ;)"
,Not Recommended,281610,20685147,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nereus,"Deserts of Kharak feels like a rushed DLC. It's fun to play in like 3 hours, but after that gets repetitive fast. But atleat it got some nice concept art/cut scenes and some sweet music. You can't really change any details when playing skirmish or multiplayer. Not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,281610,33114115,Posted: 1 July,all,rvyne,Tried this on intent of buying it during summer sale but I end-up returning it. The issue is not sure if just me but I'm having trouble with difficulty and no tactical pause. The game realism/environment  is really good just the mechanics is bit troublesome
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,281610,29013747,Posted: 4 January,all,Dire,"Alright, I really wanted to like this game, but in the end everything came together to put a ""No"" on the review.HW:DoK aims to revitalize the Homeworld series, something the Remastered Collection has already done to be honest...and that did a far better job.In this game, space is obviously no longer an issue, so there are no movements in a three dimensional space. Instead there is elevation, and elevation is pretty dull. Not only is it difficult to position your units, the effects are also difficult to gauge, i.e. you have no clue if your units are now suddenly stronger or not. Units also level up. That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t imho. This means more damage, more hp, more range, etc., which kills game balance and makes it even more desastrous if you lose one of your fragile units, since those are all you have for the majority of the campaign until you get actual cruisers 2/3rds in.The campaign itself is actually ok and has several interesting missions. Too bad that the presentation got stuck in the late 90s as well. Homeworld worked, because it was in space. If it had not been in space, I doubt people would have liked it much. It was mysterious, intriguing. Kharak is not. Everything is obviously yellow-tinged, because you are on a sand planet. This game would have more to it if it had different tile sets, but of course that is not possible, since we are playing on mo♥♥♥♥ing Kharak, a DESERT planet...you know another game that tried a desert only setting? Dune, repeatedly. Know why it worked every time? Because the factions were inherently different. In Kharak you have 2 main factions, which are pretty much identical. One uses tracked vehicles, the other hover vehicles (which should be far superior in a desert environment), yet they have exactly the same units with some very minor differences (i.e. railgun and assault railgun + heavy railgun for whatever reason). Baseline is: there is nothing for you to care about the world or the factions, since there is very little exposition. If you've played the HW games, good job, you know at least something.There IS a story guide, which they sell separately!!!!You know what they also sell separately? 2 new factions!!!! for 7 bucks each!!!!You know what these factions do differently than the existing ones? I don't. They are reskins with stat tweaks.That alone has prompted me to rate the game negatively. I don't see a point in skirmish, not with 2 or 4 factions. The differences are just too minor. Heck TOTAL ANNIHILATION had more unit variety between the two very similar factions.Then there's the engine. For whatever reason this game (a unity engine game for whatever reason) doesn't run well. I've tried everything I can think of, but since there is no official guide from the devs, or heck even performance patches, the game continues to ""stutter"" every few seconds, usually every time something blows up, but not every time. I have no idea why, is it the monitor? The graphics card? Sound? Does the game want me to unplug my second monitor even though it is disabled? Would that even help? Not worth the hassle to find out, because it shouldn't be, but I guess I can consider myself lucky, because at least I can somewhat play it at all, and not have frequent crashes or drops to 3 FPS. That's just unacceptable.Of course we also have ""bugs"" or ""features""? Dunno, which. For example, your strike craft (what counts as planes here, so fighters, bombers, etc.) are a hassle to use. You first have to select your carrier (Home button or a control group), then press a button for the appropriate type of craft, to then send them out to a fixed location. If the enemy moved you have to then SELECT those strike craft on the map (have fun) and order them to manually attack that target which is now out of range. Bombers just act weirdly in general and gunships are used for target practice by the enemy. I wish you could tell them to disengage when they get fired upon...naaaaaaah, just let em die *sigh*. When your craft are finally done with striking or dying the return to your carrier...and potentially hover there for 5 minutes before landing, even if you manually order them or press the button on the carrier (which seems to do nothing).Speaking of buttons that do nothing: There seem to be more like this in the game...Units wise the game is also severely lacking in general. There's harvesters obviously, your carrier, which is a weapons platform (actually a good thing), the aircraft, light attack vehicles that are useful only very early on in the game, since a group of them gets oneshot later one (bye bye hundreds of resources in an instant) and do virtually no more damage. The only reason to maybe have a squad would be to chase off railguns. Then there's tanks, which don't deserve the name, since they do almost no damage, are slow and weak against railguns and everything above. Speaking of railguns: these are just the better tanks in the game imho. They have massive range and damage and if you can spot the enemy, you can just dismantle them before they get too close. And when they do, you just retreat your railguns and let your cruisers take over. Cruisers are also weird, they're either low up high speed or the opposite. I wonder why I would ever build slow cruisers with limited range in a world where railguns exist that can kill these things before they even fire once if they have max range. Some cruisers are equipped with mortars. Great. Cool. Too bad when they kill your own units because they fire right into them. Oh ""deactivate auto fire then"" you say. Sure, but then they won't attack at all anymore.... I've tried. They just sit there. WTF? Meh. I forgot the base runner, which deploys turrets...and there's also AA vehicles. As you've guessed it, all factions have these units. Yay.For a 2015 or 2016 game Deserts of Kharak just doesn't offer enough originality and diversity. The campaign may entertain you a bit for a few hours, but ultimately Kharak annoyed me more than it gave me pleasure. Buy at your own risk. For Homeworld fans I'd say it's also not very important, since the general story of how they got into space is already documented in the HW manuals. If we at least got way more exposition with Rachel...instead she is degraded to heal your units and have a few voice lines in the (not really) animated cutscenes (they're half animated comics). These fit the theme, but in the end...meh. It would have been cooler if we had had 4 distinct factions from the get go, that all played a role in the campaign."
,Recommended,281610,20940226,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,wayward,"This is a portion of a larger review... if you want to read the whole thing, I put a link at the bottom.Deserts of Kharak’s strongest element is assuredly its campaign. The campaign is hauntingly atmospheric, full of starkly vast spaces and lonely stretches of desert, and challenging. I’ll touch on this more in my next section. The multiplayer, at least in the game’s launch state, falls short of the promise of the game’s mechanics.One of the strongest and most interesting elements of the game is the Carrier’s mobility. However, in both the campaign and the multiplayer, this seems oddly de-emphasized. It is as if the developers were being cautious, or were unsure of how to design around this unique feature. In the campaign, the Carrier is often left up on a plateau or stuck down in the dunes, while its armies swarm around the map completing objectives and fighting Gaalsien battlegroups. Similarly, in multiplayer, I seldom found myself moving the Carrier much, if at all, especially when playing Gaalsien.The layout of most multiplayer matches incorporates a somewhat traditional RTS setup, with roughly a third or so of each map sectioned off into a “base sector” or “home turf” for each player, and it is in these that most or all resources on the map are found. The central and contested map area tends to feature the mach objectives: 3 automatically respawning relics Artifacts that must be collected by a player’s Baserunner and deposited at their drop-off zone. The first player to retrieve 5 of these Artifacts (or who destroys their opponent’s Carrier) is the winner.In practice, this setup actually works fairly well for the most part, aside from the negligible mobility requirements for the Carrier (which to me are a crying shame). Conceptually, I have some deep issues with this setup.First of all, despite the attention to detail the rest of the game receives, drop-off areas are just an arbitrarily-placed ring of pylons on the map. There’s no real asset or logically-driven factor behind the placement of these zones: the only goal was apparently to have such a zone and to place it in an area of the map roughly equidistant to each player’s start location. In terms of map design, it’s functional but scarcely supportable. Any existing game asset: structures, dropships, some sort of supply cache etc, would make this design more sensible within the game’s context. I certainly hope that future map designs take into account the story they’re telling. What are they delivering their artifacts to?Also, the Artifacts themselves automatically self-extract at regular intervals. Sensible, to be sure, but again a bit uninspired. Perhaps such a design was tested and turned down, but I can’t help but want my Baserunner to have to manually extract each Artifact, and to defend it while the artifact is extracted, and then defend it (as is currently the case in multiplayer) en route to the drop-off zone. Such a system should seem to feel, to me, more satisfying mechanically as well as in the context of the story. Should they release modding tools for the game, I plan to test such a system myself.The pacing of multiplayer feels appropriate to me, with matches tending to last around 10 minutes if the players are matched well, the player constantly expanding their force and building new units, the choices the player is making being meaningful: tech to air, or focus on railguns, or power through to cruisers? Scouting is difficult, thanks to Carriers coming equipped with weapons of not inconsiderable firepower.Actually, I have found that Carriers are well situated within the context of the game. They’re able to take out small groups of units early on, but midgame armies give them pause, and can wear them down over time. Late-game units pose a serious threat, and if Carriers take them out, it would be with considerable damage to their hulls. So, the Carrier ends up being a powerful supporting unit without devolving into a MOBA-style hero (which would be a tragedy).With access to the full unit lists of both factions, I’ve become more-or-less at peace with the unit design in Deserts of Kharak. Unit abilities are a welcome addition, such as the Gaalsien Missle Cruiser’s ground-targeted area of effect attack, which damages friendly units as well as foes, and is a counter to enemy light attack vehicles only if it manages to hit them. Rail Guns still feel odd to me as an alternative to artillery weapons, but as I mention in my preview, they work well with the game’s line of sight system so I can appreciate the choice.Air units feel quite powerful, but I believe that a recent patch (released shortly before the publication of this article) implemented a balance fix to air units. Additionally, in opposition to my earlier statement, air units can, in fact, be individually controlled, though their default area attack command is a simple way to get some mileage out of them. They are best handled through the sensors manager, by the way.On the topic of air units, the game’s counter system escalates greatly with the addition of Air, and Cruisers, each of which require a deep commitment from the opposing player in order to properly counter. Cruisers have many times the hull integrity of smaller craft, making them require a significant anti-armor investment from opponents, and air units move fast and hit hard, requiring (again) significant preparation from opponents to properly counter.http://waywardstrategist.com/2016/02/02/in-the-dunes-the-carriers-deserts-of-kharak-non-review/"
76561197960366004,Not Recommended,281610,28597301,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"kurk, calm as hindu cows",No tactical pause to allow you a moment to think and make decisions or just to admire the look of the game.  No ability to change the speed so you can watch the enemy perish in slow mo.  Both very odd design decisions - a shame...  The look and feel of the game is great though.
76561197973237447,Recommended,281610,25676916,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Stalker,good old homeworld..
,Not Recommended,281610,29153827,Posted: 9 January,all,Gene5ive,The ESC button does not pause the game and bring up the menu. Whichever project manager made that decision needs to be fed alive to the Shai-Hulud.
76561197978094429,Not Recommended,281610,21363410,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wolf,hate the skirmish game. AI cheats. Feels like a step back to the first C&C games.
76561198017184844,Not Recommended,281610,20672688,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Crehop,"I didnt like the gameplay, units seem unbalanced and rushable, it seems as though upgrades dont really matter as much as swarming."
76561198035900814,Not Recommended,281610,20675953,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,privettk,"I'm a diehard Homeworld fan. Playing the original on Windows 98 when I was 7 got me into gaming, and since then I've played hundreds of games, yet none have matched Homeworld's place in my heart. Naturally, expectations were high for this game, perhaps unfairly so.Needless to say I was super excited to hear another Homeworld game was being made, but was equally terrified when it was announced it wouldn't be in space. Here's the impressions I've gotten so far (Mission 7, about 6 hours in)Positives:The story is great, like Homeworld stories always are.Strong voice acting - it's nice to have several people to identify with rather than just Karan S'Jet.Compelling enigmatic enemy - knowing the lore of the subsequent games makes it a lot more fun to learn about the Gaalsien.Soundtrack is classic Homeworld - almost too similar - did they actually use the same sound files?Cinematics are much improved - I loved seeing the interiors of the ""ships"" and the character's faces.Improved chatter - background chatter when things are slow really helps to build the immersion.Artifacts - although it seems to break with the HW canon, shipbreaking and collecting artifacts to beef up your ships is fun.Alas, despite all that is done well here, there are some things that at least for now have made it tough to recommend this game.Negatives:Unless you have a BRAND NEW beast of a machine, this game won't look good. I have a 4th gen i7, 8GB of RAM, and a 2GB dedicated Nvidia 745m with Windows 10, and it BARELY runs on the lowest settings. As such, my framerate is horrific, and the textures are so bad it reminds me of the 98 version of HW1. This confuses me, as I have beautiful games like Ethan Carter and HW Remastered running at 60fps on ultra. With such a laggy framerate (I'm lucky if I hit 30), immersion is instantly broken. Guess it's time to save up for yet another rig?Space is Homeworld's secret ingredient:I liked the idea of a prequel on Kharak, but space is what Homeworld does best. Watching little trucks dance around each other shooting 50 cals isn't nearly as glorious or boner-inducing as gigantic spaceships blowing the crap out of each other with big lasers. I tried so hard to like the ground fight, but the next HW project REALLY needs to head back out to space! PLEASE!Units die INCREDIBLY fast.I get it - Homeworld is designed to be a challenge by forcing you to discern the correct strategy (that's what makes it fun.) But this game punishes you like other Homeworlds never did. Your fleet will be wiped out in less than 30 seconds if you make one mistake in building your fleet. As such, you have to save OFTEN and reload those checkpoints more than I'd like.No resourcesOn one hand, I like the sense of desperation having little to no resources gives. But when my fleets are being wiped out in an instant and there are no resources left, I'm SOL and have to start again. Worse still, the old HW's had a mechanic that automatically collected any RU's left over at the end of a mission. Not the case here! Your mission will suddenly complete and your mining will be left unfinished, leaving you with nothing to rebuild next mission. While you can use a ""default"" fleet, that just feels like a cheat to me.Under constant assaultSo far, with the exception of the first mission, I have been under constant attack on multiple fronts, meaning 90% of my time is spent in the map instead of absorbing the beautiful desert world Blackbird worked so hard on building. I have no problem with coming under attack, but let me smell the desert roses a little first!I love the Homeworld universe to death and want to support this game in hopes of a HW3, but be warned - you need a beast PC to run this - and going from 3 dimensions to 2.5 will feel like a step in the wrong direction."
76561197973910616,Not Recommended,281610,21425318,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,jwfoxhound,This games graphics and controls are poor.  The game is very linear and quickly becomes boring.  Save your money...
,Not Recommended,281610,21325190,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Apex_xepA,NOT WORTH $50.00!! Otherwise it's pretty cool....
76561198001407996,Not Recommended,281610,21372646,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Haurbus,"Pretense this here first, I think this is a good game, but it's not really up to the standards of todays games.We are in an era where we have a blurring number of games, and other forms of entertainment, so we have little time or money to spare on other things, and I really can't suggest Deserts of Kharak as a good option.You can feel the age of the games design in how closely it follows with Homeworld.  Very linear story, not a lot of change of scenary, relatively short campaign, no real closure at the end.Artistically it's an amazingly beautiful game.  The ship/structure designs are top notch, and the visuals and cut scenes are wonderous pieces of art, but it really feels more like an episode of a telltale game more than a fleshed out world.There is not a lot of replayability in the game despite multiplayer but few of my friends even got the game, so it heralds back to an age where massively multiplayer options were just not an option.  Lastly it feels like the difficulty ramps down slowly from the beginning then immediately near the end they dump more power than you'd ever be able to really need or want, so it steals any excitement near the crucial climax of the game.If you have nothing else you'd rather play, or spend your money on, the game is still very homeworld-esque.  Great music score, amazing visuals in mechanical design, and cut scenes, but ultimately it feels like an incomplete story, no denouement almost at all, and odd unveiling of tech progression that holds the best till last stealing a lot of the challenge from early game."
76561197970767874,Not Recommended,281610,22464998,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,BoB(Banglerdesh),"I am astonished at how this game is rated so highly, especially when most of those buying/playing this game, I suspect, have played homeworld 1 + 2. The is some enjoyment to be found but its short lived and just not worth the price tag or time. The are a number of major issues I have with this game.1) The game feels rushed and unfinished. For example, the appearance of some unit models doesn't fit with their final game-play implementation e.g. coalition support cruises, which function as armoured mobile resource drop of points for collectors and repair bays for all vehicles, have a large gaping whole in them where presumably collectors were supposed to dock and off-load their resources and/or where vehicles could dock for repairs. Instead resources just magically transfer from collectors to support cruises or the main carrier when the collector gets within a set range, this is similar to the coalition repairing mechanism; instead of docking, your vehicles are healed by magic beams when they are within a set range of a repair vehicle such as the support cruiser. I can understand why the developers might have changed the game-play mechanisms at a late stage; maybe they ran out of time, or it was too difficult to implement them properly, or they were causing problems/balance issues, but if so they should at least alter/re-designed the appearance of the units affected to fit with the new game-play mechanics, not doing so is just lazy.Interceptors/strike fighters for all intensive purposes play like bombers even though both factions also have dedicated bomber units as well. Each interceptor (Gaalsien) or strike fighter (Coalition) carries a single ""missile"" which it can only fire at ground targets so its essentially a small guided bomb, they do not have any other weapons and so can NOT attack other air units. I assume from their names ""interceptor"" and ""fighter"" they were originally intended to be primarily air to air fighters and likely a hard counter to bombers and gunships, instead they just work like bombers and are arguable better at bombing than the actual bombers themselves and neither faction has any aircraft capable of fighting other aircraft which just seems silly.If you order a redundant unit to be decommissioned/recycled/retired and get back a fraction of the resources used to make it, instead of returning into the carrier through the entrance (in an opposite manner to if you had just made the unit), as you would expect, the unit just clips through to the centre of the carrier from any point on the surface of the carrier which just looks stupid and breaks any immersion.2) Why can I not dock my units!? An integral and incredibly useful feature of the homeworld games was the ability to dock smaller ships with your capital ship(s). With Deserts of Kharak this feature is no more, not even the smallest of vehicles such as resource collectors can be docked. Why this feature was not included is beyond me, it would have been so useful to have been able to dock units like resource collectors and small light vehicles, to protect them during attacks such as air strikes, instead you have to micro babysit them to keep them alive, which becomes a chore and general pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The only units that are capable of docking with the capital carrier are the aircraft, and this is only because of the way aircraft work in the game.3) The campaign is ridiculously easy (including the ""hardest"" setting) and showcases a very special A.I. You can quite easily burn through all the missions in quick succession on the ""hardest"" difficulty (classic) without a challenge; it is also relatively easy to get through the whole campaign, on classic, without loosing a single unit, albeit at a slower pace. One issue is that the computer players, both enemies and allies in the campaign, rely almost exclusively on scripted build routines, scripted patrols and scripted attacks; they have no need for resources and can see the whole map. To be fair the AI was similar in homeworld 1+2 but that is no excuse for not improving it.4) The game feels like a downgrade from Homeworld 1+2. I understand that Deserts of Kharak is suposed to be a different game, with different features and setting (on a planet/2D as opposed to in space/3D), but the developers have deliberately made the game-play extremely similar to the previous homeworld games (which is not a bad thing) so the is no logical reason not to keep in things like the ability to dock smaller vehicles which would have been an extremely useful feature as well as adding to immersion. In actual fact this game is identical gameplay wise to the original homeworld games but missing features and depth (literally); it adds nothing which is a huge shame because I feel that this game could of been very good.The campaign is very short (as with other homeworld games) and the story is ok but not great and feels fairly bland, I also get the impression that the lead up to the ending was rushed. I've come to expect and accept very generic/bland story's from games in general but because of this games predecessors I expected a bit more.The majority of my issues with the game could have fairly easily of been remedied with patches after launch but the developers instead thought it would be a ""better"" idea to re-skin a faction and sell it as DLC ><Like I have mentioned the game is not bad as such and it does have some good points, which I will now list. It looks pretty, runs relatively smoothly with only a few bugs (that I have noticed), random radio chatter (good for immersion), units are reasonably scaled.In conclusion, currently I do not recommend this game. if you have not played homeworld 1+2, buy the remastered edition of them, it is cheaper, and you get 2 games, both of which are better than this one. If you have already played homeworld 1+2 and want to play this game, I would still not recommend it, its far better to replay homeworld 1+2 and just read the plot of Deserts of Kharak on-line if you want to know the story. If you just want to play a new RTS then keep looking, the have been a few good and a lot of rubbish RTS games released recently. Personally I found Act of Aggression to be surprisingly enjoyable but I know a lot of people do not like it."
76561197970457571,Not Recommended,281610,29400040,Posted: 21 January,all,Ouroboros,"Mediocre crossbreed of Homeworld and Dune but not nearly as good as either.Lacklustre single player campaign (did not try multiplayer)Strategy and combat lack the 3D depth and freedom of Homeworld.Units not very interesting and cookie-cutter ""rock-paper-scissor"" tactics.Not possible to assign any formations which makes unit control very fiddly and more work than fun.Also encountered a bug that prevent completion of a map if you do things in an order not expected by design. Bascially there are much better games out there than wasting your time on this one."
,Recommended,281610,23807711,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Limey21,"Worth it during a sale just for the story, it's as good as the original Homeworld."
76561198028900795,Not Recommended,281610,21306382,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FarrowsHarrows,"While this game was enjoyable, the game was barely long enough to get into it and learn the controls before it abruptly ends. Very dissapointing. Very little replay value found noone on the multipyer."
76561197993288786,Recommended,281610,23044793,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Invest,Wow this game is incredibly well done!
76561198099603982,Recommended,281610,24286013,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,KaffeR,Great game
,Recommended,281610,24322407,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MattDP,"Absolutely love it. As with any homeworld game, the story is engagined, the art is unique, and the graphics/controls are simple and great as always too. I managed to get this at a discounted prices from one of the steam key sale websites, but would buy at full price too if such offers didnt exist."
76561197970779265,Recommended,281610,24262028,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JaegerBane,"A lot of people say this is absolutely a Homeworld game... despite not being in space and set on a desert planet. Well, they're right. The music, the art, the story, the design of the units, the vast emptiness of the environments... it's all here. Do not be put off by the fact that it's set on the ground... because Blackbird Interactive definitely know what made the Homeworld games tick (and so they should - many of those guys worked on the originals) and they've served it up in spades.If you've never played a Homeworld game before, then imagine Supreme Commander set on a desert planet with Frank Herbert's Dune running on repeat in the background with your drunk mate mistaking it for Stargate every few minutes. It's that kind of scale - there are no human infantry here (your smallest unit - an attack buggy that is little more than a speck when zoomed out - is the size of a Monster Truck when considering scale to a person). This is all powered by the Unity 5 engine... and it looks spectacular. You'd think being set on a desert planet would make it look a bit samey but yikes, does this engine shine.The game itself is divided into a campaign, a skirmish, and multiplayer.The campaign is simply awesome. A prequel campaign set prior to (and covering) the discovery that kicked off the Mothership project in Homeworld 1, it's interesting to see the nods it makes to the future. I'd say it's closer to Homeworld 2 than 1, but has the same kind of themes in both - discovering the past of the Kushan, all the while fighting a war of seemingly insurmountable odds. Your 'Mothership' in this one is no colony vessel - the Kapisi is basically the USS Nimitz on tank treads and serves as a battleship, aircraft carrier, nuke platform, factory and research facility. Your fleet is persistent - units that survive one mission carry over into the next - and really makes it feel like you're running a fleet of craft just like the older Homeworld games - only you're exploring the vast desert instead of the stars. It's great.Skirmish is a bit more by the numbers. While the overall presentation and campaign is great, the actual factions are a bit dry - with only really the Gaalsien (imagine if ISIS and the Brotherhood of Nod had a lovechild and you're not far off) showing any real futuristic flair. The other base game faction - the Coalition - is about as bland as you can get (tanks, buggies, artillery, big tanks, big artillery and so on). This, mixed with patchy AI, make the skirmish a bit 'serviceable' rather than amazing. If you get the deluxe edition then you get a pair of DLC factions - Soban (Coalition who've kind of realised that they need to up their tech and use more railguns) and Kaaneph (Mad Max guys who nick their stuff from the Gaalsien). They're a bit better, but there is no deep tactical differences going on here. Everyone has rough variations of the same units.Multiplayer appears to be dead. Kaput. According to the forums there is still a small community out there, but tbh there are better RTSs if you want MP.The deluxe edition comes with the aforementioned DLC, an expedition guide (think Wikiapp with everything you ever wanted to know about Homeworld prior to the Homeworld 1) and the excellent soundtrack from the same guy who did the first two soundtracks. Personally, I got it in the Steam sale and I consider it easily worth that price... but at full price? You'd need to think about that.Regardless though... if you like sci-fi RTS, or you like Homeworld, you honestly can't go wrong here. The major complaint I've got with it is that it made me want to replay Homeworld 1 again, right when I was gearing up for an XCOM2 re-run. Damn it.EDIT: Updating this review to justify my nomination of this game for the  'I've got something in my eye' award. If you've played the campaign and seen the last few missions in particular.... yep."
76561198020076869,Recommended,281610,20680854,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JadeFalcon777,"Game pretty much perfectly captures the feel of the old Homeworld games.  Campaign is excellent - great visuals, voice acting, and good mission design.Keep in mind that the campaign is the main draw here, though there is a skirmish with AI and multiplayer.  I've seen some complaints about the AI, but it's certainly giving me a challenge on normal."
76561198010257031,Not Recommended,281610,20743330,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Disgruntled Goat,"campaign was quite nice and enjoyable but lets face it with games these days its all about the multiplayer so how does that go? well if you like games like starcraft and you can build up ultra fast resources and pump out units like nobodies business then your gonna love this. if however your like me and find starcraft a bit too spammy and in all honesty just too damned fast then prepare to love literally EVERY game as your lovely little workers slowly toil away and they get utterly wrecked by what seems to be 10 thousand units, and if you manage to fend them off dont relax because ine xactly 5 seconds an even bigger army is coming your way. The matchmaking completly sucks because of region locking so you wait ages (ive seen the queue timer hit 30 minutes then i gave up) and when you finally get a game you get stomped because the person your matched against is simply FAR better than you and its not even close to a contest. The only way to have fun online is public games but of course this means no rank gained etc. I wouldnt mind this but i feel im at very least a silver player but being matched against players who should be diamond rank is just insane. So for the campaign yes i liked it, kinda worth the money but now its going to sit in my steam library unplayed because the multiplayer is so unbalanced its unreal"
76561198050971909,Recommended,281610,20677199,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,F4TheGold,"Mkay, so im rolling over the dessert in a giant carrier with tracks on. Still trying to get used to that fact :)That said, this is Homeworld in every way. Just rolling in a carrier insted of a mothership."
,Recommended,281610,20776913,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Literally The Worst,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is the prequel to one of the most highly acclaimed real-time strategy games of all time and it comes from some of the original developers and their new studio Blackbird Interactive. Although it started off its life as more of a spiritual successor, Gearbox acquired the developer, allowing Blackbird to use the Homeworld IP and it doesn't feel slapped on. Every part of the product, from the gameplay to the presentation, is oozing with original Homeworld flavor, with the exception, of course, of 3D movement. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/oOpkWlbFOVI"
76561198245568446,Recommended,281610,22910174,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ReactiveGaming Smith,Very good Game.Pros and Cons are not needed to describe the level of which this game is at.
76561198019873377,Recommended,281610,23561049,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MechJibb,"If you like RTS, this is a fun game. Great story"
76561198019780115,Not Recommended,281610,20674414,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,K.C.,"I could go on and on about what's awesome and what is just flat out wrong with this game for hours. I might even make a review about it on youtube, since there's a lot to discuss. In the end however, to do that here would end up in a TL:DR for most people. So I will simply say this:  when compared to Command and Conquer (C&C) 3, arguably the greatest land-based RTS game ever created (and from where I think this game got a lot of its inspiration from), this newest title of the beloved Homeworld franchise falls short of the RTS genre standard in its current state. In truth the game, without all of the bugs it has right now (and they are Legion, even causing my game to crash while in a skirmish here and there), comes off a lot more like C&C 4--what with the whole mobile base and hardly any fixed structures thing.Don't get me wrong. I like this game. I think it has massive potential. But the gameplay is restrictive, nothing on the villain's side I've played seems to work, In fact the Gaalsiens seem very rushed. And overall there seems to be an insufficient amount of asymmetrical gameplay between the two factions. It is there, but there could be more, WAY more.That all briefly said, I cannot recommend this game where it is now. Although, I do trust that there will be patches and definite DLC content added to this game. Being a student of business and the entrainment industry, I know what the developers have done with this title. It's a thing that's happening all over film, television, and gaming right now. It's this idea that ""less is more."" And in the case of Homeworld:  Deserts of Kharak, delivering LESS very much equals the fans wanting MORE. Gearbox, Blackbird, I WANT MORE! So they've done their jobs. What I'm asking for NOW is that this game receives the love, through patching, that it deserves. Get it working, place more unit variety in the game with more unique abilities, and it will be great! I just know it.*And for godsakes! Please remove the Gaalsien assualt cruiser as a coalition build option! It's utterly immersion breaking! And get a third faction in there! One with a flying carrier that's heavily reliant on support/assualt aircraft! As I said, MORE!Good job."
76561198007905021,Recommended,281610,20694757,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MaG3Stican,"Very big fan of homeworld and RTS games.AMAZINGLY solid single player campaign, really smooth, I always knew what was my objective and why I was doing what I was doing, I was free to experiment lots of different tactics,A must play in hard mode to get the most out of the experience.Really good balance, lots of chances to learn how to use different tactics and micro, very useful for multiplayer, overall 10/10."
76561198011020445,Not Recommended,281610,20988711,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,-CF-Pr0ximous,Dissapointing. AI not challenging enough. I Expected more.
76561197970551637,Recommended,281610,20927420,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,GrooveMan,"Great Story, Really Enjoyed Myself."
76561197970730120,Not Recommended,281610,20888231,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,LightRaptor,+ No real escort missions- 12 hours of gameplay in singleplayer
76561198051814897,Recommended,281610,35026173,Posted: 17 September,all,SiNiSTRAE,"When first playing this game I assumed it was going to be a turn-based that reset all troop deployments and resources at the beginning of the mission; not so.  Your decisions carry weight as each loss or misuse of a resource will carry over into the next mission.  This adds a welcomed weight to the genre and begs you to consider your strategy more carefully and not simply throw numbers of troops at the opposition.The flow of the game is also nice as you play it like reading an english book (left to right) so you constantly get the sense that you are actually on this desperate trek across Kharak.  The graphics, sounds, and voice acting are all of good quality as well and it is always nice to see a creative new spin on vehicles such as land carriers.Overall a solid 8/10"
,Not Recommended,281610,35412757,Posted: 2 October,all,alison,"This game is too hard. Maybe it is not too hard if you are a modern-day fan of RTS and MOBA games, but the last time i played an RTS was Dune 2. I bought this because i heard the story was compelling. The cinematics gave me a really epic Dune-like feeling and made me want to jump back into the genre. Unfortunately real-time strategy games have massively changed since 1993.There are a billion buttons and commands you can give your guys, and the enemies come in so ridiculously fast that by the time you have scrolled to the part of the screen where you can see them, your guys are dead. There is no mini-map. I guess you are supposed to set up hotkeys or macros or some nonsense, but for crying out loud. When i bought this i didn't expect to get some twitchy typing instructor. If you just want to watch a cool science fiction story with some simple, slow-paced base building in between, this is not the game for you. I gave up after getting to the second or third level and having all of my units destroyed, no money to build new ones, no way to mine resources, just stuck there in the middle of the desert looking at the cool graphics. What a shame."
,Not Recommended,281610,35233384,Posted: 26 September,all,Trilldebeest,"This is a $15 game with a AAA price tag. It's not inherently bad, but be prepared to be let down by its absolutely atrocious pricing. Refund please!"
,Not Recommended,281610,28351959,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ursus,"As far as I remember I really liked Homeworld and I'm huge RTS fan in general. Deserts of Kharak is just meh.I played on normal level and it was point and click flat out trivial to beat including last mission. You just roll over your opponents.Campaign has quite interesting story at the beginning, but then at the end it gets boring too.When I finished it, I've found out that to get more details about the world, setting, technology, etc you have to buy special DLC. How about no.This is at most average game. Had some fun, but not worth even discounted price tag."
,Recommended,281610,20670158,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,StubbornGIant,"It reminds me of my early years playing the original homeworld series. The story is top class and did not dissapoint. The combat was fun and still very much similar to how the ""predacessors"" played. Would recommend, however I feel the pricing (especially since I purchased in Australian Currency) leaves alot to be desired and is not something to be purchased on the fly.If strategy is your forte, than I would suggest this game, more so if you are a fan of the previous titles."
76561197972296914,Recommended,281610,21901908,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Dug7x,Feels just like Homeworld. Brilliant driven storyline that keeps you hooked till the very end.
76561198006307979,Recommended,281610,21249470,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zenith,"TL;DR versionA really polished and stripped down assymettric RTS with some environmental positioning tactics that has a 10 hour story of pretty good value.  Needs more maps for multiplayer and a more consistent AI.First off, this game is fantastically well polished in the fundamental aspects.  With the other homeworlds I often felt there were lots of features and ships and upgrades that weren't pertinent to any viable strategy.  I think the goal was to make sure that all the content created and implimented was meant to be pertinent to the player.  I found myself using every single unit and almost all of their abilities.  I think they did a fantastic job with making this an in between 3D space RTS and 2D traditional RPS with the implementation of dunes.What is being said about the lack of content is somewhat true.  The story was rich and was easy to get into; an all around good time that didn't drag on forever.  Others might be looking for longer stories but I felt like it was appropriately measured for a prologue.  The number of maps is pretty depressing and I did notice that if a battle waged on for too long eventually the AI would kind of just stop pressing the offensive and turtle.The assymettric factions are well put together with similiar units but put together in a way that requires different play styles.  There was perhaps room for a 3rd faction (the sakala really should have had a different design) but I wouldn't be surprised if all this was intended to be hand in somekind of DLC."
76561197969747882,Recommended,281610,21289389,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Racerboy,"Great Game worth every penny. Replay is even more fun due to having higher skill level after first play. Salvagers seem to forget their job pretty quick,  accepting applications for new drivers. I'll buy D of K 2 first day out."
76561197995680609,Recommended,281610,20886058,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,echo2361,"As an avid Homeworld fan I can easily say this game captures the essence of the origials extremely well. Guiding your carrier and continually growing fleet of units through the great deserts of Kharak really brought me back to the days of playing Homeworld. The campaign is done well, with great cut scenes connecting missions together in manner that tells an interesting story. Each mission is varied, much better than the usual ""destroy all enemies"" type missions other RTS games can suffer from. I've completed the campaign on normal in 11ish hours and now I'm going back in to do it all again on classic level. I've played a few skirmish games and found them fun, but they move a little fast for me. For that reason I'll probably be skipping multiplayer. That being said, I found great value in the campaign, making the game well worth my purchase. I think Homeworld is in good hands with Blackbird Interactive. I look forward to seeing what they and Gearbox can offer us next in the Homeworld universe."
76561198013564654,Recommended,281610,21309486,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MaximusT1000Jones,You know its not bad really.
76561197982444972,Recommended,281610,20673295,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ArmaggedonPSA,Superb! A must buy for all Homeworld and RTS fans!
,Recommended,281610,20980347,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Capt Kill Original,"Before DoK, I knew nothing of the Homeworld franchise.  The only reason I bought this was because it reminded me of Dune II all those years ago.  The pre-order came with Homeworld 1 & 2 remastered editions.  Knowing nothing of Homeworld, I played through those campaigns before starting the DoK prequel.  Solid and fun campaigns, reminded me of Battlestar Galactica.  Open space combat kind of felt like a giant submarine battle.  Interesting twist on RTS.  Remastered multiplayer could be fun but I prefer the polished balance of SC2 for competitive play.  I feared DoK would be a C&C4 abomination with the mobile carrier/construction yard.  It was not an abomination, it was excellent, a modern Dune II without the spice.  DoK has been widely criticized for multiplayer balance issues, a general lack of content, and easy campaign upgrades.  The balance is fine, I can win with either faction on all difficulty settings on skirmish mode.  Content is solid, but I did get 3 games for the price of one.  If you think the campaign is too easy then raise the difficulty and you won't have the resources to upgrade everything until maybe the later missions if you managed to keep your persistent fleet alive.  I enjoyed fleet persistence between missions on all 3 games.  The stories amount to a short comic book per game with little character development, and that's ok, it's still on par with or superior to most offerings.  DoK multiplayer could use some more maps, but there's plenty to get started with.  Now that the campaigns are done I might keep DoK installed to challenge my brothers on multiplayer when the price comes down.  I used the Steam Controller for all 3 campaigns.  Community templates get you started, might take an hour or two to customize for yourself.  After this I think the Steam Controller might improve my SC2 APM's.  If anymore DoK DLC comes out I'll probably play it too."
,Recommended,281610,21062847,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Chegasaurus Rex,"As a massive fan of the homeworld series, i loved every minute of it. A brilliant addidtion to the lore of the series, and really  feels like an authentic homeworld game despite it being ground based. As much as i loved it however, the game is not without a few drawbacks:The game is requiring some balance changes. Larger units/ air units absolutley stop all other types in the game.It is also missing any sort of formation option, which was in the original games and is sorely missed. Especially with how fast your smaller units move.Despite all this however, i would definetly buy this again."
76561197964096958,Recommended,281610,29431662,Posted: 22 January,all,Vapo GasCan,More Homeworld! Why wouldnt you??
,Recommended,281610,22009302,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Quad849,"As I couldnt care any less for MP, the SP campaing was beautiful, the same experience you exprienced with HW1 and HW2. Sure some people will hate this, as they did with HW1 and HW2 (too complex, too boring). The only complain I can agree with is: The game is too short, but it was short enought for me, it explain enought without being too repetitive, and it didnt rushed anything. My personal complain is that the ending is quite anti-climatic for such important piece of story of the whole series."
76561198073170023,Recommended,281610,29831679,Posted: 10 February,all,Sr.Leon,"This game is amazing let me get this out. It is worth you money, if you are a RTS fan.ok now for the pros and cons.Gameplay - The game is very simplistic, some options were left out of the game, like formations and troop behaviors. The units have a lot of special abilities that can alter the course of the fight if used by a skilled player.Multplayer - Non existent, It has a very solid a simple gameplay but the player base dont care much for online play.Graphics - Oh boy, that was a blast. All the effects the cinematics using the in game engine and small cut scenes using real actors but using a tecnique to turn the image cartoonish. The only problem, that is actually a big problem, the game is not optimized, it will have stuttering in a lot of high end machines, forcing you to low your graphic options. But still the visuals on long range dont change much.Voice acting is good, nothing fantastic, just good.The Plot is not bad either.Overall the game is really good It is worth to play, and you will get back toplay the campain once in a while."
76561197993205895,Not Recommended,281610,28777316,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,cpt.jeeves,"mostly played the skirmish so far, game seems fun in the beginning however there is a severe lack of variations of units and unlike the space based homeworlds this game has not much in the sense of upgrading and researching of the various wepons and armors. all in all good if you get it for a steal if not i wouldnt bother"
76561198036830985,Recommended,281610,20649137,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,tgr,Really nice addtionThis is a really nice addition to the Home world universe and so far I am loving it. This is a fun and engaging RTS.  Well done and thanks to all involved.
76561198014033374,Recommended,281610,20649020,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,m2ark,Captures the feel of Homeworld.Well done game.Worth the money.
,Recommended,281610,24026860,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,NtechRyan,Makes me feel like i'm in a command centre. Especially during combat. It gets so intense.
76561198050091034,Not Recommended,281610,24088676,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Hands of Pimps,"It has nothing to do with the old homeworld games.None of the atmosphere,the cutscenes etc are banal boring feely woman researcher point of view.The story is weak,no developments,i thought the game was gonna really kick off when it ended instead.This was not so in homeworld.It is almost an intro for a story.I don't know what everybody is going on giving this positive reviews but it has a 8 hour sp campaign,nothing special about it.I guess people are supporting for old time's sake and another homeworld game.But it is plain old strategy game on par with old command and conquer games.Yeah the only difference is the base is moving.It's graphics are good,gameplay is not boring.It could have been better with a better story,But the elements incorporated are weak.The dev's should have seen it on the board that they were lacking,but alas.Honestly hire a few new graduates out of the school and let them go for it.It's a very bland story,it just doesn't work.Haven't tried multi yet,but I wouldn't buy it at sales prices,not suggested."
76561198097705451,Recommended,281610,24562187,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this
76561198046151096,Recommended,281610,24103228,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,kai_long,"the game is good,for new beginner need use to the control,it is a bit different from other RTS. The game is fun but diffcult for new comer."
76561197972701828,Not Recommended,281610,24170723,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skycrime,"I thought seriously abou asking for a refund... but I can't do that, because I want to show support for the franchise regardless of the game. The AI is just spam. Strategy is pretty much non-existant. The UI is clunky, largely because they tried to make it feel like Homeworld.... but Homeworld was in space. It doesn't all fit in this situation. I hope some updates make it better. I'll wait. And I hope it sells well enough to make Homeworld 3, which was what I think a lot of us are really waiting for."
,Recommended,281610,24487960,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Destructively Phased,"If, like me, before you bought this game you'd heard that the game didn't match the standard of the other Homeworld games, that it didn't fit the ""Homeworld family"" and that put you off buying the game, let me tell you something. Whoever said that, they were wrong. I will spoil some plot points later, but I will warn in advanceHomeworld: Deserts of Kharak is very much a member of the Homeworld family, and not just a formal it exists way. It's story is strong, with surprise turn arounds and unexpected events, it still carries the ""lone fleet"" feeling of the Homeworld 1 and 2, in fact I'd say that feeling is stronger in this game than it is in Homeworld 2, the constant news of Coalition (the player faction) outposts under attack and Gaalsien force movements creates the feeling of isolation more so than any of HW2 plot. This is further reinforced by the fact that your sole ally in your journey isn't a member of Coalition forces, instead they are Sidiim, another faction on Kharak.One of the most powerful moments of this is the start of a mission, when to come to the aid of stranded fleet units the Carrier overloads it's engines to reach the mission site while they're still intact, the cutscene of the gigantic vessel bouncing over a dune was one of the most powerful moments of the campaign, giving strength to the feeling of the fleet being on it's own with no cavalry comming. This is what Homeworld really is about, the perservation of a single fleet through immense odds.I'll break away from the talk about how HW:DOK plot and story earn it it's rightful place in the Homeworld series to talk about gameplay. It's good, there's nothing quite as enjoyable as launching a cruise missile at the enemy, or ordering all of your fighter wings to bombard enemies that are giving your ground forces a hard time. The rank system where units gain eperience and gain promotions gives you a reason to preserve your units and to care when their destroyed, unlike in the original Homeworlds where the only thing you cared about losing was capital ships due to the extreme cost in replacing them. The rank system doesn't make units OP, for example you aren't going to be facing down a battlecruiser with a single high rank Light Attack Vehicle, but having high ranked units does give you the edge, and it's nice to see a reward for smart tactics than just ""You saved some RP!"".Spoilers from here!Back to the plot and story, again I feel it delivers better, and not in ways that can't be explained by better technology. The main adversary I can understand as to why he declared holy war, his faith felt real, mostly supported by the cutscene for his death, pleading for the players faction to request forgiveness from Sajuuk. The Sidiims betrayal came as a surprise, despite the captain of the Carrier expressing concerns about them in his personal log, but I expected my ally to push to far and get themselves killed in battle in a cutscene, so the shock of watching them blow the aircraft bringing my resupply out of the sky after I'd protected the rock being used as a landing strip for both of us was genuine.The voice acting, while my laptop was constantly garbling half of the spoken audio, what came out ungarbled was a level of quality higher than old homeworld games, not in a higher quality of sound way, but in terms of performance. Concern in the characters voices is common place, theres bitterness in the captains personal log after the Sidiim's betrayal, things that were again missing in the original homeworld games.Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak to me is very much a Homeworld game. It worked hard to get there, but it is one. It's plot powerful, like the old games, it has ways to jump the enemy and embrace power fantasy, similar to how jumping a battlecruiser into the enemy production fleet felt in HW2.Finally, it blends the high speed duels of light craft (LAVs and fighers) with the slow combat of the larger vessels in the Homeworld way, so that while there may be one battle going on, but in that battle there'll be multiple battles going on, each one affecting the overall outcome. At least until you steamroll everything with the OP artillery cruisers, similar to how being the first with battlecruisers in a HW2 match felt.It's pretty much all I can ask for in a Homeworld game."
,Recommended,281610,24484713,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Yaljin,Realy enjoyed this game. Reminds me of Dune but much much betterIf you like RTS you will not be disappointed by this game
,Recommended,281610,28752308,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bliggs,"Beatiful graphics, still pays homage to Homeworld. Campaign is a bit short though."
76561198137841042,Not Recommended,281610,24500814,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,StormBreaker,i have played homeworld 2 and it was an amazing game! Cant say the same for this one becouse i cant even play it. i try launching the game but it wont work. out of the 100 times ive tried to play it only actully worked once. I think the main reason i cant play is becouse i have an IMac but still im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that i payed for a game i cant even play. Mac users do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,281610,25114022,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CheeseTiramisu,"I don't recommend this game. At all. Bad. Like, Diablo 3 Jay Wilson bad. Or Command and Conquer 4. I cant decide which is worse. Dont get me wrong, this game is fun for the first couple hours or the duration of the campaign, but that's it. Low replayability, skirmish mode does not have many maps and quite frankly isnt in depth enough for me to repeating the experience over and over again.I wonder if I can get a refund."
76561198007654024,Recommended,281610,20673339,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Arn,"Honestly, I was totally excited when I saw Hardware: Shipbreakers, cause I knew right off the bat that it was a prequel to HW1.  Me and my bro used to play these games all the time even though I was too young to understand the story at the time, eventual re-runs solved that as I got older.In my opinion, the story is the best part in the HW series, and is the overall contribution to the positive review.  There are some minor things that could have been improved on but I believe HW: DK holds true to the previous games as being story rich.My only real disappointment was after the first mission when the stats of the fleet showed up and it showed the water and fuel levels.  I was really hoping for there to be some side missions where you had to re-supply and half-way hoping that the units in the game had a fuel meter that had to be managed or risk leaving a craft a sitting duck while waiting for fuel rats.  I know it kinda sounds like a pain but this would have had a moderate impact on how the game would have been played, as the last thing any sane person would have done was attack an excavation site running on fumes and it would have added a great deal to the desperate mood of the game.Now, I was reading through some of the other reviews and I have to admit, the graphics, camera controls, and unit diversity was a bit subpar.  Although I am more concerned about the camera controls than the graphics.  It was sometimes very difficult to get a good view of what was going on around you but popping into the strategy view helps with that at the loss of viewing the actual crafts.  I think that the ships could have been more detailed upon closer inspection and some of the in-mission cutscenes really pointed this out.Finally the unit diversity, which was pretty small, but in my honest opinion, was a good choice to go with as the story line revolves around a fleet with limited supplies (again, not as stressed as I was hoping it to be) going from point A to point B fighting enemies along the way.  Having multipurpose crafts such as the Baserunner would have been the economical choice.  Also I can't think of any other way to diversify the fleet that wouldn't have to have been re-discovered in HW1, such as beam weapons and the like.  Would be kind of silly to have a beam weapon craft in HW: DK and then play HW1 and have to buy Beam Tech from the Bentusi in order to build one :SI have yet to play MP, but I looked at it briefly and noticed there are very few maps.  I fear that DLC will add more maps and content for the price of 30 dollars..."
,Recommended,281610,20671504,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,IntVoid,"Upgraded Carrier to Power 5, rushed enemy carrier. Resulting explosions were gratifying. 10/10On a more serious note, I enjoy the games aesthetics and it's streamlined gameplay. Normally I'm a fan of RTS games such of the likes of Command & Conquer Red Alert 2 to call back to the days or the Total War games, but this is a great example of pairing down the RTS and still making it enjoyable. I'm able to be jump in and play a good game without having to invest several hours into it.Deserts of Kharak doesnt have to be a very big and complex title to be a good RTS. The AI needs work but over-all it was worth the money I put down on it. (Mind you it wasn't the full 60!) So I'm happy with it and would recommend it."
76561198037375184,Recommended,281610,20678079,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,"Exit, pursued by a bear.","Beautiful game, with an engaging campaign. Multiplayer and skirmish needs a bit of love, especially the AI."
76561197965738894,Recommended,281610,20673960,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Rexxor,"Not as intense as the original, more along the lines of homeworld 2, but still worth a buy."
,Recommended,281610,20679014,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Chrisstoph,So far i have played about 4 hours of the game and am completely loving it.If you would like to see more about the game have a look at episode 1 of my complete playthrough.https://youtu.be/W17_0fpi7gQ
76561197992424134,Recommended,281610,20682385,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Epi,"If you liked Homeworld & Homeworld 2 you will like Deserts of Kharak. It keeps up with it's predecessor and with the technology available today. Also, if you liked Command & Conquer games, this is one strategy game you should try out. With not much very good strategy games released in the recent years, this one was definitely worth the purchase and BB did not let the players and fans of the series down."
76561198038442013,Recommended,281610,20683232,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,quitif,"If you like real time strategy - go for it!!!I've played the classics, and last year the remastered collection - loved them!Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is of the same quality (missions, presentation, storytelling etc.): great!It differs from the originals through less micromanagement and 'calmer' battles, and of course ""pseudo-3D"" space.And you can't give commands while paused.But what ultimately makes it an outstanding game is it's presentation:Great cinematics, best ingame sequences of any rts i've seen so far!!!And that radio chatter, being story relevant or not, it's just Wow!"
76561197966537248,Recommended,281610,20672707,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,/HDF/Draslin,"So far, game is very entertaining.  Much nostalgia.  Missions are fast and furious, so if you're expecting a slow easy pace like Starcraft 2's campaign, you will be disappointed.  Air units are pretty strong, and mistakes are pretty punishing.The game, like the remastered version of Homeworld 2, does not allow you to manually progress to the next mission.  This results in many lost minerals and artifacts if you progress on the main objectives at a fast pace.  The end result is that you start the next mission without the resources required to get off to a decent start.  This can be VERY frustrating!Only other complaint is that most of the strike units are pretty boring.  Gone are the Ion Frigates, support corvettes, and other smaller units that made their mark on the homeworld franchise.  Instead, it's a bunch of trucks that all sort of seem to do the same thing, or very close to it.  The game is very heavily focused around fighter and corvette equivalent class vessels, and more than halfway through the story, I can't build anything bigger yet.  Makes for some frustrating gameplay, especially considering how flimsy those vehicles are and how impossible that makes maintaining veteran units.I'll update this review when I finish my playthrough, but for right now, I'm giving this a recommend based 90% on the fact that it's Homeworld and 10% on the quality of the game itself."
76561197971493967,Recommended,281610,20680060,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CRISPY+,"First and foremost what do you need to know? This is a futuristic Strategy game that is based on ground warfare. Its beutifully created with original ideas and design, if you played previous homeworld titles you will be pleased to know that aesthetic style of the game is in line with its predesessors, as is the new rich and involving storyline.I found the mechanics of the game interesting and quite original compared to other games of this type.  Where the 3D enviroment of space is lost, it still plays and feels like homeworld games of the past but with big emphasis is now placed on controlling the strategic areas of high ground.9/10"
76561198065573956,Recommended,281610,20682359,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,LtDutchman,"FINALLY a new RTS game on the market! Ignore all those negative reviews, just a bunch of spoiled gamers who only want to play a game they designed in their imagination (but that is just not how it works). I only just met with the Homeland Series and I must say I am really impressed! I love the fact that every unit you create counts, especially in the Campaign, as they gain veterancy and every unit and CU/RU get transfered to the next mission. This veterancy system becomes more and more important as the missions progress, and trust me, you will want high ranking units further in the game! The same goes for Skirmish mode, there is no unit spamming due to the fact that you have to micro manage you resources and research, as well as veterancy. An elite unit will always over power a lower ranked unit. Regardless off what many reviewers on here say about infantry, I also love the fact that it is vehicle combar only, as infantry would be useless due to the massive sizes of the vehicles, (just look at some of the cut-scene's, Rachel sitting under the Science Runner, or when the Runner enters the Epsilon base) so infantry would make no sense .. I agree on the fact that there are not a lot of skirmish maps at the moment but, come on, the game just launched I am sure they will add more in the future! As for NO Base Building, I do not care too much for that. I love the fact that you command a huge carrier which is your mobile FOB and you have to protect it all costs. People also complained that there was not enough advertising before the launch, but I can understand and even prefer that, as too many games over advertise their games and end up with just a lot of fuss .. I can recommend this game to everyone who has missed a proper RTS game (as it is a dying breed), I am really happy to be able to play a new type of RTS without unit spamming. The only thing that does bug me a little is the unit limit, a max fleet of 125 (vehicles can take up to 8 units at once) so that is another point that needs working on (I think it is like that for performance). As for the rest, I think we will some major balance and content updates in the near future and I cannot wait to see them."
76561197968449707,Recommended,281610,20687470,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,23-Down,"Homeworld: Deserts of KharakWow the first Homeworld game in over a decade. And while I'm not that happy that it did play on ground this time I still very much enjoyed it.Black Bird Interactive tried to remain loyal to the original art and style which goes from the epic cutscenes including the famous cinema borders + sound to the level of cutscenes while slightly enhanced nowadays you certainly know that this is a Homeworld game so fans of the old series might feel at home right away just in regards of the style.Story:Well there isn't much to tell and I don't want to say much about it but it is a prequel to Homeworld 1 in which you rediscover your origin of your people. While few plot holes and unanswered questions remain the story was well executed and does flow charmingly into the franchise.Gameplay:The game arrives with a decent tech tree and alot of discovery awaits. How ever I felt that the (SP) Missions were somewhat to easy and also to repetiive compared to the masterpieces of the original Homeworld games.As for the factions both of em seem rather balanced and are mostly copying each other. Their animations and looks differ but that's all I could tell during the playthrough of the campaign. (on medium by the way) But that doesn't necessarily make it bad in either way.Terrain also plays a significant role in this game as the line of sight and hight matters which adds some sort of strategic benefit similar to the Ground Control games. Also long range units are of certain importance as well. Because they can mean the difference between defeat and victory. If you're getting caught off guard an enemy air raid might eradicate your ground forces kinda fast if there's no AA nearby. Same goes for Artillery if you lack your own long range units or other counters you might be in for a rough ride. Conclusion it's a fun and rather balanced game with several strategic possibilities.Mp:There isn't much to tell yet as the mp section of the game is very tiny to this point. There're like 5,6 maps total which is kinda sad although I suspect more might follow. The game modi are also limited to (team)deathmatch and artifact recovery which is somewhat similar to capture the flag or king of the hill gaming modes except that you need to deliver the artifacts to a certain drop off point just like in CTF.Most maps are very small which adds a certain tension throughout the match though at the same time I also find it limiting as it doesn't allow you much room to flank your opponents. Also pity that they didn't add in some of their weather effects of the single player missions (Sand storms, Tornados) to the mp maps as that might have added in some additional spice to the mp game sector.Pro:-Lovely story.-Balanced game-Good audio components-Nice graphics-Good performance on a 3 year old Quad Core I5.Contra:-Tiny and limited mp section-Small sp campaign with somewhat repetitive mission design ""Salvage this, destroy that"" kind of thing.- Few plot holes and unanswered questions remained in the story arc (Taiidan? And why did it crash? 1st expedition? What happened to the remaining crew of certain Characters ship?)-Can't modify the controls (yet)(-What do they eat? Not a single plant nor animal seen throughout the game. I know it's a desert planet but at least some alien cactus here and there wont hurt.) Getting answered more closely in the Survival Guide.All in all I can recommend it. Though I would possibly wait till a steam sale. It's good but it's not that good to pay 50 bucks for. Simply because it's a rather small game at this point. If you're a hardcore Homeworld fan though, then yes ""Get it right away"". :P"
,Recommended,281610,20680899,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Squeaks,"This is a good take on an excellent classic. It's a RTS, but it's not in the same vein as the frenzied click-fest style of so many modern RTS's. For the most part, you have time to plan moves, co-ordinate attacks with ground and air assets, long range and repair craft all contributing towards a sucessful maneuver.There are times when it does turn into a panic, and you have to move fast and click even faster, but that's not the norm, and I think it only serves to add tension to an otherwise slower paced RTS.Significient tactical choices are few, but vital. For exmaple, some terrain will not allow the passage of your carrier, so do you leave it unguarded and send the rest of your units off, or split them, losing the punch?I haven't tried mlultiplayer yet, but I can imagine that is a bit more of a click-fest, but still not overwhelmingly so, due to the way the game works. I think that it will be played better on the tactical map for MP than in the close u p pretty view though, so you can keep an eye on what your opponent is up to.The game looks and sounds very good indeed, and although that's not why you buy a strategy game, it does add a lot towards the value of it.Overall, I'd recommend this game as rewarding and fun to play, but not a serious challange, at least in SP mode."
76561198007204266,Recommended,281610,20670849,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,pancotzky,"I have a kind of a mixed feelings about this one. I'm a total fan of the series and it makes me more hyped up about this game and more critical at the same time.First of all - it has THE Homeworld vibe. So everyone who wants to immerse into this atmosphere once more - you're good to go. The gameplay feels pretty cool (and also looks fantastic).BUTThe story is just rip-off of Homeworld 2 and the AI is dumb as rock. Can't recommend, can't not-recommend either.If you intended to play a multiplayer than AI is not a problem. It is also worth it just for the sake of atmosphere."
,Recommended,281610,20684474,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,"Prof. Dr. Sir Lord Master, Esq.","(Some spoilers for those who haven't played Homeworld)If you enjoyed the original Homeworld game, then you'll enjoy this sandy romp through the desert.You've got the familiar structure of units and strategy built around a central mobile base, you've got a heirarchy of units that each have that rock vs paper vs scissors tactical system at the low end, and a moving story about people fighting against the odds in the pursuit of truth + salvation in the face of tyranny.Everything a good Homeworld game needs.My only complaints are that the pacing of the game is forcibly fast, and the ending is a bit too succint in my opinion.(Spoilers for Deserts of Kharak, don't read on unless you don't mind the risk )Don't get me wrong, I enjoy all that is here, I just wish that the game wouldn't force certain conflicts that'll end the map, I can count 3~4 instances where a final battle on a map is forced because the enemy is rushing at me and I pretty much have little choice but to bring the hammer down.  I think this sort of tactic should be reserved for the classic difficulty, or add another mid boss type enemy that'll chase you down, but maybe save a final objective for when the player wishes to end it, for easy and / or normal difficulty anyhoo.Again my complaint is when the final objective that will end a map happens to be a boss type character that is chasing the Kapisi down, forcing an early end of a map, I don't mind if the enemy is throwing other groups of enemies or challenges at the kapisi, I just don't like having the map end so fast because the final objective is chasing the kapisi, this just shortens the game overall, I'm sure I would've gleefully enjoyed a few more hours recovering any and all artifacts and resources on each of the maps, and my overall playtime would've been closer to 15 ~ 20 hrs at least, and I would've been happier for it.The impatient players can always go force that final fight themselves, if they REALLY want to, what I liked about Homeworld was being able to strategize how I would win.As for the ending, yes all of us who played homeworld know what will be found deep in the great banded desert, BUT it would be nice to add more of that lore and story, I don't even remember seeing the galactic map etched on stone being found in 'Deserts of Kharak'.I mean sure, you see that in Homeworld proper in the intro, but that intro summarizes what happened after, told in the future.  I would have loved to see the S'jets exposition the discovery, maybe even discussion between the people who worked the expedition react, posit theory etc.  and then at least have a 5 minute + exposition about the next 100+ years:  The tribes again becoming the Kuushan, the world embracing unity and discovery, the design and building of the Great Mothership.Hopefully some decently priced DLC could cover this?  The greatest moving aspect of this franchise is the story, don't give it too short a shrift.  ;)Some other minor complaints I have include Rachel's Hack ability, why does it require RUs to use it? Why aren't hacked units special abilities researchable to add to your own units?Also why does Rachel habitually drive in front of the Kapisi if she is assigned to it?  shouldn't as a support unit naturally stay to the rear of the Kapisi?Why do direct fire units (like the railgun units) not get their shots eclipsed by terrain?  I'm pretty sure they shouldn't be able to shoot through hills / dunes accurately with ZERO line of sight."
76561197990517164,Recommended,281610,20676157,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,PolyOne,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak manages to stay in touch with its heritage, while still carving out some new ideas and themes.""Short, but sweet.""+ Excellent visuals, animation and art throughout the entire experience.+ Good pacing - it doesn't feel like a waiting game as much as the original games sometimes did.+ Good lineup of units and abilities. They're all fun and simple to play with, even if the low amount of variations may seem too simple at first glance.- I experienced the story as a bit too simple and kind of vague. There is extra content to read ""outside"" of the actual game, but I'm pretty sure most people will miss the things mentioned and explained there.- Quirky controls and unit movement;It's truly annoying that I can't line up my units in a certain way, or tell them to face a specific direction. Especially considering how quickly a battle can be over if you time things properly and use the appropiate units.- Somewhat short and lacks enough content to keep me coming back for the multiplayer.- UI can sometimes be more stylish than informative. I frequently found myself looking into a group of enemies, thinking ""Is that an anti-air, or a railgun?"" - all I saw was a mess of geometrical shapes that overlapped each other."
76561198060489672,Recommended,281610,20678494,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,3dfx,"Blackbird Interactive have really come through with this game, their first release !In short the game has:Great soundtrack.Excellent voice acting with detailed and interesting ""idle and background"" chatter betweewn the players units.Engaging and interesting story, that keeps you playing the campaign till the very end, just like in Homeworld 1 !Even cooler animated cutscenes than HW1 and HW2's but true to their style.Nice multiplayer options, including a ladder ranking stystem (somewhat simmilar to Starcraft2 matchmaking), and why better lobby and MP support than in HW:RE.The somwhat less good sides are:Very long load times, im guessing its an Unity engine issue, rather than the games programmers fault.Somewhat mediocre graphics for a 2016 game ""A"" game.Overall a must have for any RTS and Homeworld fan ! This game has a very good chance of winning RTS of the Year award, as its the best one in the genre that came out in the past few years."
,Recommended,281610,20687348,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nerivon,"I'm completely reminded of everything that made the original Homeworld awesome. The awe and magesty of the Kharak dessert, the incredible space... er... groundship porn. The music, the terrific cinematics... everything... it's all there. The control system is so similar as to be almost completely familiar and intuitive. Basically, this is a Homeworld game through and through. The storytelling so far is spot on.I thought being ""on the ground"" would be kinda... meh.... NOPE... AWESOME.If you liked Homeworld and Homeworld Catacylsm, you're going to love this.Don't think, just get out your money..... trust me!"
76561198034013855,Recommended,281610,24548043,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Kocoff,"This game is great. If you were a fan of the franchises that came out before you love this. The desert feel is not as close as the ones in space, but it still gives that vibes of constant hopelessness and solitude you get from teh game. The game is relatively fluid, and but there are not enough varieties of units. Also the game is fast paced, it you jump right into the action.great game."
76561197997658677,Recommended,281610,24349695,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,DieHörnær,"If you enjoy Company of Heroes then you will find this a great new addition to your strategy collection. Unfortunately the multiplayer is dead but has serious promise, hopefully sales will introduce more players.In terms of the story this is a brilliant campaign that's a good length and provides a gripping introduction to the Homeworld universe. It can be played before or after the first two Homeworld games and their expansions. If only the Dune IP would receive an update akin to this!Fingers crossed Blackbird is working on another game in the series."
76561197985863221,Recommended,281610,24340891,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Maebius,Great job at delivering the Homeworld nomadic feeling!!Music as always very atmosphering.... wish it was longer.Eagerly waiting for the next game in the Homeworld series! Hurry up!!
,Not Recommended,281610,24104445,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sychrome,"As a massive Homeworld fan I'd love to post a positive review but this game crashes my entire system constantly, it's unplayable. SSD, i7 4770K, 32GB RAM, AMD R9 380 4GB."
,Not Recommended,281610,34070924,Posted: 6 August,all,TSA.Roadkill,"I had high hopes for this game, but two aspects killed what little fun this game might offer.Firstly, the game is too heavily scripted, cut-scenes that cannot be aborted.  I quickly got tired of watching long drawn out video scenes.Secondly, as the game progresses, it simply gets way to busy (the ability to set game speed would be nice).   You're spending so much time trying to scroll the screen (via the worst interface I've ever seen) to interact with your units.  Worse the units seem to have a mind of their own, blindly charging into a superior forces.  Simply the worst AI I've ever ncountered in this genre of game.Overall, on a scale of 1 - 10 (best) I give this a 2.   The graphics are entertaining and that is about the only plus I can give it.If you enjoy constant frustration this is the game for you."
76561198208944301,Recommended,281610,24231637,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Torrur,A very nice real time strategy with focus on the strategy bit.
,Recommended,281610,24304751,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,FedEx,Like RTS's? This is one of the better ones out there. Buy and enjoy!
,Recommended,281610,25292371,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,qυαηтα,"its a pretty good game if you like rts, great story mode! only 13 missions or somthing but i spent anywhere from an hour to 2 hours on a single game. well worth the 22 bucks i spent on it, some people may be weary of the normal price of 45$"
76561198021252703,Recommended,281610,24243079,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Shimdra,"Pros:Viuals and audio fit the Homeworld theme and are well done.Prequel tie-in arc decently ties into original narrative.Cutscenes are fantastic.Pretty pretty prettyTerrain tactics a good idea, but...Cons:Terrain tactics in this RTS style micromanagement hellOtherwise generic RTSThe discovery of the artifact was supposed to UNITE the clans.Sajuuk was just a Macguffin from Homeworld 2 and serves no purpose here.Ending anti-climacticEverything is brown. A pretty, pretty brown.Suddenly Ion cannonsIf you like Homeworld, get it. Otherwise, meh. 7/10"
76561198085759774,Recommended,281610,25090570,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FlaviusBelisarius,"While playing this, I wasn't familiar with the previously released Homeworld 1&2 titles, so I can't review as to whether it is significantly better or worse in regards to it's predecessor's. As far as RTS games go I doubt this will be one to shine as a multiplayer game. I do like the apparently ""Homeworld"" style of the mobile command ship which you use to produce units and harvest resources as well as carrying a fleet from mission to mission while upgrading and improving, something that sets it aside from other RTS titles a bit. There's only two races and not too terribly many differences between them, fair bit of units within the build chain of each though. The Gearbox feel of the game is definitely apparent, and as such has a pretty good story, which definitely carries the campaign at times pushing me to do ""just one more mission"" so I can see the next chapter of the story unravel. All in all a solid game, decent RTS with a captivating story that's good for a single playthrough."
,Recommended,281610,20655758,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Wavesonics,"So so great. It's got the feel of Homeworld's gameplay, but not just a copy of it for nostalgia's sake. Feels modern and unique. The story and over all art style is absolutely perfect. Couldn't ask for anything more."
76561198023157788,Recommended,281610,20655987,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,✾ Matsukaze ✾,"Do you love Homeworld ?Do you want more Homeworld ?If yes then this is more Homeworld...-The game feels like Homeworld, it sounds like Homeworld, looks ,feels ,everything you lovedand enjoyed about Homeworld...-Instead of endless space in glorious 3d environment with nebulas,asteroids ect.-You now fight on an arid world with a more traditional 2d environment.(Still have anomalies liketornado's and sandstorms)-Controls are pretty much the same = you have your 10 designated group slots.-Attack move orders with multiple move orders holding shift just like any RTS and my personalfavourite the ctrl drag box over enemy order (very handy when engaging weak units with yourstronger units and their slow larger units with your more agile smaller units)-A new feature is the air units and how you command them.Instead of individuel units your carrier launches squadrons at a time at a designated target area,attacking enemy in the area. (Command & Conquer Generals style)-Another immersive aspect i noticed was a lot more chatter between units (when not engaged incombat) often calling in on the radio about sensor readings bugging out on their monitor or theyforgot to change their vehicles filter ect.(A really nice touch)-Graphical fidelity on 4K ultra looks amazing. (Only noticed some shadow distortion)-Decent campaign and story as per Homeworld tradition (Im not going to talk about the AI,so many other reviews mention this)-Also i haven't played mutliplayer or skirmish yet.Great Homeworld game get itMost poeple rate this at 8/10I think it deserves more 9/10 at least"
76561198083761720,Recommended,281610,20659350,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,rushwingate,"The game itself is fantastic. Definitely captures the feel of the original Homeworld.My only issue is, they are still using SHIFT for multiplayer, and its terrible."
76561197972288162,Recommended,281610,20662904,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ChRoN1KbLuNt,Amazing game had all the other homeworlds even catclysm...they have changed the series up and it doesn't dissapoint gameplay is amazing and the graphics to..deffo recomend it
76561198014403206,Recommended,281610,20663318,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Steeeeeeve,"Great game.  This is exactly the reboot that this franchise needed, and I hope it leads to a homeworld 3 (finally) :)"
,Recommended,281610,20663813,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,shane.weber,Does a great job of bringing back the feel of the older Homeworld games while providing a great new experience in the universe. I had a lot of fun playing this game.
76561198007810885,Recommended,281610,20668873,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Solarian,"Great game, few maps is the only downside"
76561198064772711,Recommended,281610,20727563,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nitsy,great game
,Recommended,281610,20727407,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SickPuppy,awesome
,Recommended,281610,20657750,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Punished Tones,the game's AI is well sub par at best...the maps well 5 at max..physics are funny to watch (love seeing units think they are in tony hawk) game crashs ALOT and the best part the story missions don't work..so yeah BEST GAME GEARBOX HAS EVER MADE 11/10 would refund again
76561198163328769,Recommended,281610,20650978,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,kscott2084,this is a sweet game worth getting
76561198006591591,Recommended,281610,20654820,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,arrow_34,"Worth the wait... now if they could make another for space :)  I have nearly 3 hours in and I am loving it.  I like the carrier design and the unit mix.  So far really liking the ability to capture enemy units, wish they would have allowed me to capture cruisers early....  Like you could have with salvage units in homeworld 1...  I dont generally write reviews.  But I love this game.  If they can make more of this type, with a single player focus.... that would be the dawn of a new pc age.Update... Still amazing, but feels short, I would love more to do in this game!  I spent hours playing homeworld and the ability to keep expanding was awsome.  I think they need more dlc and more missions."
76561197963387622,Recommended,281610,20655996,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,PANTS,"This is a great RTS game!  The single player campaign is a prequel to the Homeworld franchise and it added a ton of life to the story of the Kushan.  Art direction was spot on and the game felt very solid and together.  I experienced very few bugs and they were mostly cutscene transitions, but nothing that distracting.Awesome job!  Will play again!"
,Recommended,281610,20656091,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mason Hughes (Lucity),"Awesome RTS, love the multiplayer!Edit: When the multiplayer works..."
76561197991913829,Recommended,281610,20663064,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,harmlessratz,"a great prequel to the homeworld franchise,great visuals,sound,music and gameplay.campaign is great but feels short,and skirmish is lacking on pretty much everything, only 5maps,AI is either dumb or cheating, theres an option for different skins for your army but no options save the default one.seems to me that the game should have been antoher 6months in production due to the lack of content.and the asking price of 45 dubloons too pricey.devs have stated that they will only realese modtools if the demand is high enough....if anything this game can only become better with mods. homeworld 2 anyone??skyrim??dawn of war and so on became so much more thanks to the mod communitygreat rts i can recommend for all but wait for a price drop"
,Recommended,281610,20669220,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Huami,This new homeworld game is so nice - polished and well done - the first few sequence of the game already lulled me into its rich narrativeThis is definitely a game I will reserve playing all out in my free time during weekends! :Dcheers
76561197970895773,Recommended,281610,20730664,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DDog,Great Old Time RTS!  Finally!
76561197997548684,Recommended,281610,20654857,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Allied Biscuit,super fun
76561198005630513,Recommended,281610,20723502,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Scorch,"This is an excellent and well designed RTS game, which is stays true to the original series in terms of gameplay and overall feeling, despite all action comes down from space to the ground.Pros:- 10-12 hours long singleplayer campaign with various missions and interesting story.- Outsanding art design. Just the sight of your fleet moving through desert at night can give you an aesthetic enjoyment.- Sound effects, music and units voice overs are 10/10.- On highest setting game looks very good and runs smooth on my 2014's hardware.- Quite balanced and fun gameplay in the best traditions of Homeworld series. There are two faction which looks similar to each other at first, but they have different strategies and tactics to dominate the desert battlefield. This reminds me Hiigarans and Vaygr from Homeworld 2, though the Coalition and Gaalsiens have even more differences.Cons:- Just a five maps for skirmish and multiplayer. Developers already promissed more as free updates.- Very few option settings for skirmish and MP- Limping Gaalsien AI in skirmish. The Coalition one is much more aggressive even on easy, but still suffers from lack of ""cunning"" and variety of tactics.- There is no way to change hotkeys for now.Despite its minor and temporal flaws I can recommend this game to anyone who is looking for good singleplayer experience in RTS. Multiplayer is somewhat lacking for now, but I'm sure things will be fixed quite soon and more content will be added."
,Recommended,281610,20650090,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Guildenstern,"Streamlined combat, plenty of atmosphere and amazing music. Wonderful return for the series! First of many I hope."
76561197970282280,Recommended,281610,20650244,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,VickyBeaver,"3 hours in, great game so far, good balance, wonderful sound track, awsome artstyle, good story all round a fun rts to play."
,Recommended,281610,24109540,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,noc9109,"OMFG I LOVE THE RADIO CHATTER IN THIS GAME, FXXKING VERY RELISTIC"
,Recommended,281610,23943237,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grief Erickson,"When on discount this game is great, it's worth a nice 20$. But I wouldn't pay 50$ or close to that. This game REALLY needed some custom map maker or anything along those lines. This game could had been a decent base builder with the terrain effects,etc, but for some reason the Devs didn't see reason enough to do it or the Publishers didn't see enough money to warrant production in it.Multiplayer is dead.3.5/5 but could be fix'd into a 4.5/10 if the Devs put more heart into it."
76561198064416012,Recommended,281610,25138619,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,theoblivinator1,This is a fun game.
,Recommended,281610,24907954,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Zidaken,If you like RTS games you will like this game.
76561197971992892,Not Recommended,281610,33600656,Posted: 16 July,all,yugoboy,"The game is alright and nothing more.The good:Great voice acting and art style.Nice and varied unit graphics and variety.You get to keep the units from the previous mission.The bad:The gameplay is repetitive and gets boring.Each mission has a twist that you can't possibly prepare for so be ready for enemies to spawn on top of you.Enemy has infinite resources.The ugly: SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!!The story is as generic as it gets and it doesn't really make sense.You are in control of what are supposed to be the good guys. However you end up invading a territory of people who have learned to live with the environment instead of changing it. You do this all because there is supposedly a shiny new object in the middle of the desert than no one knows anything about. You destroy ancient sites along the way so you can steal some artifacts. If that wasn't bad enough, once you finish all the killing and pillaging you find the main artifact and all you get is a history lesson with the most uneventful ending imaginable.I can't possibly identify with the protagonists in this game.I don't even want to get into the very blatant anti-religious overtones."
,Recommended,281610,33646755,Posted: 19 July,all,Igneus Tempus,This is an Amazing RTS game. The only Downside is the fleet cap in. Other than that I highly recommend you try it. My scoreGameplay 9/10Graphics 8/10Sounds 9/10Summary 26/30
,Recommended,281610,33325728,Posted: 6 July,all,Rise Wolf,"Just one thing... AMAZING! One of the best RTS, yea maybe there are better RTS, but this is something new... 10/10 Homeworld FTW :))"
,Recommended,281610,20748380,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Ekoforever38,They must be update this multiplayer mod . Game is AWESOME!! Must be played.
,Recommended,281610,20741906,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Homeworld 3,Just beat level 11 and all I've gotta say is ♥♥♥♥
76561198214096348,Recommended,281610,20749184,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,highlander_hh,"I am an old Homeworld fan, so this may influence my review somewhat.Having awaited for the next HW installment for a long time, I was positively surprised when I saw HW DoK up for pre-order a few days before release, and since I enjoyed the first games I decided to give it a go. Already having the remastered edition I got a discount on the buy. And since I pre-ordered I got the DoK Expedition Guide as well.HW DoK certainly brings you back into the franchise - there is no Mothership nor space 3D tactics, but HW DoK has the same feel to it as the other games had - same type of mission videos, well told story line, music. The game evolves much like the original games - steady upgrading of your Carrier (Mothership) and units with research, while scaveninging as much resources as you can out of every map. Basicly, for the same reasons I liked the original games so much I also like DoK.As others have mentioned the multiplayer maps are few - yet for me, this doesn't matter all that much, as I mostly stick to single player.Otherwise, the main drawback of HW DoK, for me, is like the other HW games - It's so enjoyable it simply isn't enough of it and you keep wishing for more. (Perhaps that is why we like the franchise so much ?)The Expedition guide adds a bit of history to Kharak and the Kushan people. Enjoyable read which expands a bit on the HW universe."
76561197972344622,Recommended,281610,21393861,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Aluff,muito bom +D
76561198018145018,Recommended,281610,20749179,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ShorePatrol,"Wow - great game. Not over complicated, not too simplistic. Perfect."
76561198019089904,Recommended,281610,20749407,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Toast-O-Matic 300,"This game is amazing. Really it is. As a strategy game, it has great tactical depth and forethought to make both the campaign and multiplayer delicious for years to come. The graphics are great, and units feel good. But that is not what makes this game so spectacular. No, its that it may be the best homeworld game since homeworld. This game BREATHES the aura of  sparsity, mystery, and holiness that homeworld evoked. This game blows homeworld 2 out of the water as true to the original and a great succeeding game, and makes me want to buy the remastered collection before I have even beaten the campaign or tried the multiplayer. If you like strategy games buy this game. If you like homeworld, prepare to immerse yourself in the best cutscenes and music since 1999..."
,Recommended,281610,20820959,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DJ Arghlex,"Perfect. FIlls the old void Cataclysm left, where three or four ships can make or break your entire attack force's effectiveness. Really focused on strategy more than it is lobbing thousands of units at things."
76561197963277272,Recommended,281610,22016009,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,KingNavida,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUP0TcU-rLwmy youtube review (this is old and me doing some goofy♥♥♥♥♥deep voice)This game is worth it if your a die hard homeworld verse fan. Otherwise it doesnt offer much bang for your buck. This is not to say the story isnt amazing and the graphics are awesome.  Sound design is great and atmosphere and immersion with the music is stunning.Just not a lot fo content :-/ also paid dlc factions.
76561198027577656,Recommended,281610,22008424,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,a.aksun,"As an original Homeworld, Homeworld: Cataclysm and Homeworld 2 fan, this is a dream come true! You get to play in a desert all the time and it's NEVER boring, just like the original games. Highly enjoyable! So happy they made this :)"
,Recommended,281610,21995990,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,NBroadsword,"I went into this game thinking it would be more like a typical RTS.  While it does maintain those type of aspects, there is no base building.  You base is mobile, just like it was in Homeworld 1 and 2.  This game, however, brings about the unique idea of having technology that can be added to your carrier to increases its capabilities. You have to find the tech fast, because it can be lost!  I've only played for ~5 hours but I love the art and graphics in this game.  Even the story telling hooks you!  I would definitely recommend purchasing and beating this game!"
76561197969134510,Recommended,281610,20670761,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Zach,"I am having a lot of fun with this game, but feature wise it feels like an indie game with a full game price tag. (Only 2 factions, few multiplayer maps, dumb AI, not a lot of units).It's fun but I would wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,281610,26710772,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Weastel,"Its a very good and indepth game, i would prefer Homewolrd Remastered, but this is a great Homeworld aswell."
76561198025025501,Recommended,281610,28232847,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,zormzorm,"A great game for Homeworld fans with some defects. About half of the cut scenes are not skippable (annoying). There are a lot of cutscenes in the campaign that interrupt the combat (bad).  Campaign combats are often foreshortened weirdly and badly by campaign events. The campaign is too short. The gameplay is good.Compared to Homeworld 1-2, the game seems designed to keep one in high 2d line drawing tactical view rather than running it in 3d view mode. Just can't zoom out far enough in 3d mode. Took me about 14 hours of play to complete the campaign on medium somewhat incompetently.I guess I'm hoping this gang produces another of these. This felt like about 2/3 of a game. Definitely get it on sale."
76561198021220718,Not Recommended,281610,22229123,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Travmando,"I liked the game but it was definately not work 55 dollars. Considering I pay a slighty higher amount for something like fallout 3 or the witcher 3 and get 120 hrs + out of them. 10 hours is not acceptable any more, maybe it was 15 years ago but I am fairly dissapointed by my purchase."
76561197994951319,Not Recommended,281610,28167699,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JamesBKillian,"Unskippable cutscreens, stupid storyline.  Really needs mod support to get any kind of replayability."
76561198014642635,Not Recommended,281610,29007233,Posted: 4 January,all,hofmann200,"I was really  looking forward to play this beeing a huge fan of the Original Homeworld and Remastered Series. Unfortunately I am not happy with the campaign. Multiplayer never interested me so my review is only based on the main campaign:- way too short: 8 hours? really? come on. I expected a bit more- Mission objectives: mostly the same , drive there , destroy something, place sensors, come back..- Story: solid but lacking some surprises or remarkable points. With homeworld I was often sitting in front of the monitor and was like wtf? But here...meh"
76561198190710127,Not Recommended,281610,29102400,Posted: 7 January,all,aubergine18,"Review as of 28 Jan 2017.The crash to desktop (CTD) bugs are ongoing. The game does not log thread dump upon CTD, meaning that the devs have no way to track down the problem. Their approach is to just keep saying ""Well, it works fine for us"" and that's the end of the matter as far as they are concerned.I see from discussions and reviews that many people are affected by the CTD bugs, across a wide range of platform configs (including high-end Windows setups).Until the devs add in thread dump logging for CTD errors, nothing is going to change and my review for this game, sadly, has to be DO NOT BUY.It could be a great game - but I'll never know because it keeps crashing and developer support is incapable of even knowing what caused the crash, yet alone fixing it. So dissapointed."
76561198049769348,Not Recommended,281610,22045955,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Aegis,"Good solid game, ruined by a bad company trying to get more money for less work. The DLC should have come WITH the games release. Very short, very good, and poor effort by the devs to make it wirht the money. Don't buy it unless you want Devs to continue doing stunts like this. Originally I thought the DLC was a free one in an attempt to make up for the early release with a half finished game, I was so dissapointed when I saw it was a paid DLC, instantly uninstalled and will not be buying from this company again."
76561197961843526,Not Recommended,281610,22049432,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Labby^,"Very PrettyVery ShallowPoorAwful Multiplayer ExperienceFull Price Game, Demo Level Content"
,Not Recommended,281610,22075982,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Fitchman,"Retro game - sadly, with rather retro graphics... not much play time either for a game in this price range.  All in all having buyers remorse."
76561197969390974,Recommended,281610,21919270,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mantis,Great game. Liked the story telling and action. Great clean interface
,Recommended,281610,21924400,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Perse spits mad fire,Campaign ~9 hours but worth it.
,Recommended,281610,20683695,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,OptoNick,"A few rough edges, but it's as close to a perfect Homeworld game as a heretic concept of 'ground-based Homeworld' could be"
76561198031707620,Not Recommended,281610,22034176,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,CookedUnit,"I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the original homeworld, but this is crap.Requesting a refund..."
76561198055064630,Not Recommended,281610,22019250,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Abbraxxus,"This title  pales in comparison to the origional games it is not worth a purchase unless it is heavily disconted, avergae at best. It looks pretty, that's about it.5/10"
76561198228969868,Not Recommended,281610,22031928,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,bnb_home1,"I had this game on my wish list for a while, As the only offline game genre i play ( rts ) i purchased it and its dlc, I went thru the first chapters in the campaign straight up, I enjoyed its story line but combat was bland, nothing new in unit or mechanics from other RTS , graphics were ok wont knock that area. I ended up using a trainer so i could enjoy the story and go thru the combat easily and quicker. checked out skirmish found AI to be simple to out wit. So at this point with limited maps available. no mod support i can not in my opinion recomend this title in its current state. i will keep an eye on it and update when i feel this title has improved."
76561198032006515,Not Recommended,281610,20938497,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Lone Wolph,"Previously I recommended this game but after having completed it I have to say No. Don't get me wrong the gameplay, graphics etc are excellent, but there is a lack of content. Also the Multiplayer is near non-existant. I was able to get in 1 game online, that was it. The missions are good but there isn't half as much content as there should be for the cost."
,Not Recommended,281610,20941142,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Etliij,"Unpolished, camera locks, no key reassignment.I can't believe i payed so much for this game.Feel ripped off."
76561197970533313,Not Recommended,281610,21173021,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,presnel,"Good visuals and it's cool getting the backstory for Homeworld. However this is a pretty vanilla RTS with nothing really new to add to the genre. Also it's really short. Like, two sittings short. It's probably not a good buy at fifty dollars."
76561197972932195,Not Recommended,281610,21216431,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Balbanes,"Feels like Homeworld. Looks like Homeworld. Sounds like Homeworld.Doesn't play like Homeworld. Units are bland and boring. Maps are incredibly small.  Campaign is depressingly short and leaves a great deal of gaps in what was supposed to be a telling of the times between the clan infighting on Kharak to when the Kushan left their dead behind in search of Hiigara.Combat is oversimplified with basic rock, paper, scissors tactics and virtually all multiplayer matches are decided by the first  two minutes of gameplay (whether your workers survive the rush or not). Offense being king isn't a bad design choice in itself however it makes the learning curve that much steeper with no way to observe matches nor host custom maps. (basic features for most RTS fans)5/10 - Campaign was interesting enough to finish. Multiplayer is lackluster."
,Not Recommended,281610,21211479,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Benoker,"Player: ""Support carrier, go to position x"".Game. ""Uuuh, no, you know actually I could go to y, the view is nicer. Hey, are these enemies?""Player: ""Armored unit, attack that target"".Game: ""Sure, lets turn in the right direction. Uh, is that a wall, lets drive into it. Oh, that was not the right direction, lets turn again. Wait, what was my order?""+ The game looks really nice+ Good music and sound- Multiplayer is basically dead. Or maybe its just region locked and noone plays in my region.- Singleplayer is boring, the most effective ""strategy"" is doing the missions very, very slowly, gathering resources, and being super cautious.- Endless amount of cut scenes taking away control of your units are super annoying.- Half the single player is a tutorial. While tutorials are not bad, not giving the player any options to experiment is bad.This game has much potential, but wastes it with bad mission design."
,Not Recommended,281610,20956933,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SkeedR,"I cannot, in good faith, recommend this game in its current state.It's not that it's boring or difficult, it's just dissapointing. As a Homeworld (1 and 2) player there is a certain level of polish that feels like it's missing. It's not even like it's big things either, but the little things add up to create a sense of a game that's been rushed out. Things like the tracks, on tracked vehicles, not even moving. And the suspensions on said tracks not moving. Some of the textures look very low resolution too. The UI feels quite clunky, even compared to Homeworld! Add to that, the game crashed to desktop during the third campaign mission and it seems like there's a way to go for this game to be recommendable. Perhaps the developers can put some more effort into polishing and improving on the little things..."
76561197993005771,Not Recommended,281610,20954443,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Daan,I'm applying for a refund. This is hardly worth 5 bucks....
76561198068170130,Not Recommended,281610,20954489,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Max Relax,This game adds new limitations to the homeworld buildmenu. Also with its total of 7 maps to play with friends in online its a big dissapointment. A total waste of money and time
,Not Recommended,281610,20876330,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,=7Cav=SGT.Katsu.I,"I got this game because I'm a fan of the original Homeworlds but this one is not worth the current asking price.It's NOT a bad game but it's too small to warrant the money.- Single player is 13 missions which you can finish in about 6-7 hours.- Only 5 skirmish maps.- The unit control is actually very basic and lacking of some more advanced features (that the original Homeworld DID have) like formations and forcing your units (or the group) to face a certain direction.- Maps are also rather on the small side, there's no real strategy as it's pretty obvious where everything is."
,Not Recommended,281610,20654611,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,konporer,"dev said there will be long term support for the multiplayer including more maps and stuff planned etc without separeting player bases,, and im really glad they made a matchmaking and ranked system (which is not in HW remastered),Cant freaking wait to grind the solo queue just like the old warcraft3 times and enjoy a competitive RTS game without breaking both my keyboard and finger muscles with atm 200 like in starcraftEDIT:changed review to thumbs down, came upon this randomly months later, now with all they hype faded and me much more calmed down looking at it in retrospect:i have to say, this game is hardly worth it, most prbbly becasue of a tough dead line, the game felt really rushed, which really killed the whole franchise off because ppl moved on after playing the game at launch and finished the very short and bland (not neccessarily bad) campaign, had the game been more polished with better map or ai or classes or anything else and on the whole making it a more impressive game, we may actually have a robust competitve mp scene, for now i really dont see another homeworld game any time soon considering how medicore DOK was in both sales and player receptions."
76561197970688889,Not Recommended,281610,20656416,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,lowerlowerhk,The visuals capture the industrial aesthetics of Homeworld series precisely and bring it to ground. A nostalgia trip for Homeworld players. But the gameplay is unoriginal and boring.
,Not Recommended,281610,20649735,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,CrayonMan,"Amazing.Is my first thought playing the first time.DisapointedIs how I feel now. The game is short! Too short for a game to have such a good multiplayer balance to suffer from a inconsistent online player base. Campaign being what it is, should have better online capabilities. Region filter aside, the connections are just terrible."
76561198068110867,Recommended,281610,20926749,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,DaMightyLeftHand,Great game just like the rest of the Homeworld series 10/10
,Recommended,281610,22048821,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,PilotNL,Good RTS game! Story is good for 14 hours of game play and in normal difficulty very well balanced for the experienced RTS player.But of course I bought this game for the online multi-player. I have the feeling I will be enjoying this game for a few more years to come. It will probably replace C&C Generals as my 'play every now and then' skirmish RTS game.Thumbs up!
76561198044621252,Recommended,281610,21200466,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,txingchem,"I am a HW fan and I like this game.Before I started, I wondered whether the team can tranlate the core of the universe battle into fights on the ground. After about 100 minutes play, I am concieved they did. This is a game fabricated with sincerity, deep understanding to the old HW games and creative thinking, which I have found lost in so many old frachises. It is hularious to see it. Some games, bearing the same name of the series and doing good job of keeping superficial things all along, have lost their core on the way. In contrast, this game keeps the core of homeworld, what makes fan like it, while has been creatively done in a very different way.A smart and enjoyable piece of work for me."
,Recommended,281610,20742048,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Beugnen,"I must admit when I first heard about this game I thought:""how could you make a Homeworld game that is planet-based?""Well the answer simply is by how HW: DoK is designed and executed.  It's a ground-based RTS sure but unlike any you have played.The vehicles look gorgeous zipping along; zooming off sand dunes only to bounce on their bouncy-bouncy tires followed by hair-raising hand-brake turns so that they can get close to their prey to finish them off with their high caliber, high powered kinetic weapons.Obliterate your enemy form the air by dispatching an air squad or gunship (the equivalent to an AC-130); finally turning them to molten slag by raining death from your bombers.Feel envious of the enemy's shiny railgun capital ship floating in the air in the same way that bricks don't?  Well just appropriate it with Rachel's groovy ""obedience whip"" (well hacking ray anyway) and its all yours!  Arrr! That be pirates in this 'ere dunes now!Send out your salvagers to gather much needed resources; go defend your allies carrier; defend against incoming units.  Oh no incoming ordinance!  Potential information overload!  Thank goodness for the real-time tactical map (better than HW's) which is surely the best thing since pop-tarts.  With this map you can be sure you can remain in complete control even you can hear the lambs screaming."
76561197991641392,Recommended,281610,20648191,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RYUDO206,"This game need to be optimized! I got 20 ~ 25 fps (2k resolution) on GTX 960M with Low Settings! I'm sorry but I have to say that the graphic looks nothing special but why I got really low fps here. I waited this game for long time, since I'm a fan of HW series but you guys let me down.------ EDIT --------Thanks to comment below, now I can enjoy the game. I'll play and enjoy with it for awhile and will be back for review of gameplay.I'm really sorry because I was desperated when I couldn't play the game I love."
,Recommended,281610,20680893,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NoBlackThunder,"so first of to the negative stuff...the first thing i realized where the campain videos .. they seem quite low quality some times ( like when the world map is shown in them, its hard to read the pixelated text) i really expected better quality here.i am not done with the campaing yet .. but it seems equaly long as the other homeworld game , though there are less units and so on in it .. it basicly feels like there could be more content and quality.And its not bug free...beside that i can actully recomend this game.. in the end the rest is done so well ( good unit balance and so on), Very good campaing story, and fun gameplay.Though hardcore homeworld fans might be in for a suprisse .. gameplay tactis and unite size are not even close to the other homeworld game ( or at least you dont feel like it) .. it has a different .. somewhat downgraded feeling to be on the ground and be unable to jump your ships arround .. but if you can overcome that after playing the other homeworld games then you will like it like me ..."
76561197977948220,Recommended,281610,20694175,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Grimjack1973,"I am truly enjoying this game, it managed to capture the feel of the original Homeworld.  The action is well paced, with some  intense moments."
76561198021308926,Recommended,281610,20656406,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Venny,"If you're fan of the Homeworld series, like I am, this game is a must buy. A rich, story focused RTS with stylish aesthetics and a deep lore, it is a simple joy ride to fight & claw your way to the victory, for the salvation of your race.Gameplay is pretty solid too, it's not very micro intensive, yet requires a bit of thinking minds for tactics. A little advice: high grounds & line of sight are the key! LOL!Of course, the game isn't perfect... as some other reviewers have put in detail in their reviews. Simply put, at the time of the game's release, there're few problems... among other things like: atrocious AI, great quality that's lacking in quantity for content (so few options for skirmish/multiplayer setting... why?), Options menu quite lacking in... actual options (ex: un-rebindable controls, anyone? Yikes), and etc. Hopefully the devs work hard to remedy these problems with patches soon.Nonetheless, if you can look past these flaws, the game will entertain & enchant you for hours on end. :]"
76561198073630072,Recommended,281610,34091671,Posted: 7 August,all,ThirdGhostHand,This game is like fries from McDonalds or tacos from Taco Bell. I’m out of both and just more hungry.
76561198099476017,Recommended,281610,24588058,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jayhawk11,"You can definitely tell that this a homeworld game. It has outstanding graphics, textures, terrain, audio, and most importantly story line. If you were a fan of the original homeworld games this game won't let you down. The small, detailed audio really baffled me as I was going through the campaign. There were certain elements that were added that were good ideas but weren't developed enough such as the high height advantages, it was a good ideas but hard to get you units lined up on the higher terrain. The story was also very intriguing as it connected very well as a backstory to homeworld 1 and 2, but the ending of it was kinda... ehhh... So overall, I don't think this game is worth 50 dollars(I spent 25 during the summer sale) but if you were a homeworld 1 and 2 fan for the campaign then I would definitely  recommend buying it."
,Recommended,281610,24118244,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kjanx2,gave me the giggles and goose bumps
,Recommended,281610,24126045,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Orderves,"I would grudgingly recommend this game. It's pretty to look at, and it does have moments where it really does shine. It does, however, also have some fairly significant drawbacks as well, which really spoiled it for me.As a massive fan of the original Homeworld, the first and most glaring issue I had with this game was the story - the new developers have taken some horrendous liberties with the original story, despite the fact this is supposed to be a prequel. Now, instead of just one starship buried in the sand that lead the people to Higara, the desert is littered with hundreds of derelict star ships, many of which are Taiidan, the people responsible for sending the people (Kushan) to Kharak in the first place. Also, for some reason, there's an orbital weapon above the planet that everyone seems to have forgotten about by the time the events of Homeworld came round. The massive changes to the story bothered me, but if you're not a fan of the original it's probably not as big of a deal to you.Second major glaring issue is the voice acting. The story follows one Rachael S'Jet on her journey to find the wreck in the desert, and her voice acting is the most flat and unenthusiastic performance I've seen in a major title in years. In fact, with the exception of fleet command, all the voice acting is fairly sub-par. Deserts of Kharak has also done away with the neat hand-drawn cutscenes of Homeworld for the most part, so you have no choice but to focus on the voice acting, so why they shipped it with such a poor show, I've no idea.Last major complaint is the difficulty of the game. If you're a fan of the original Homeworld, and things you needed to do in order to be successful (making sure you mine all resources before leaving, for example), you will find this game extremely easy. Having just finished the final mission where I was warned to show ""extreme caution"" I literally just sent my fleet to the enemy carrier and won effortlessly. No planning, no tactics.So, in conclusion, I can't NOT recommend this game. Despite my major issues with aspects of it, the game was enjoyable enough. But, if you're looking for another Homeworld, this sure isn't it."
76561197970695954,Recommended,281610,24143882,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,brilder,"I'd give it a 7/10.  It could be a 9/10 if there were more game here than a short, single-path, single-faction, single-environment campaign.  Homeworld could get away with this in 1999, but not in 2016.Good:-Writing and art combine with the atmospheric soundtrack and good voice-acting to deliver a well-crafted setting-Balanced units-Gameplay and Pacing-Controls-Style is very true to the franchise, scratching all the right itches for a die-hard fan like myselfBad:-Lack of content (short campaign, no variety in environments, small cast, no replayability)-Graphics (low res textures, jagged shadows, lack of polish)-Multiplayer feels tacked on-Simple enemy AI-Lacks useful features from previous games (pausing to issue orders, formations, docking, full distance zoom without using tactical overlay)-Carries over all the little bugs and quirks from the first games.  You'd think they'd try to fix some of this stuff.One can tell that H:DoK borrows heavily from the code in the first games.  It seems like they took the original code and just added new textures, maps, objects, and some terse dialogue with brief cut-scenes."
76561198043000493,Recommended,281610,25728939,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tragoron,"I really enjoyed this game. It was not what I expected from an RTS, but it really pleased me. The spacebar to pan out and see a tactical map rather than use a mini map in the corner was a really cool idea. I have never played a Homeworld game before, but I hope they continue to make more like this one."
,Recommended,281610,25778518,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ff156,"A truly excellent RTS campaign - possibly the best I have played in the genre. However, there isn't much else. The skirmish AI isn't great and the multiplayer base is dwindling.So, think of it this way: are you willing to pay the current price of Deserts of Kharak for a fun, atmospheric, stylish 15-hour campaign? I was, and I strongly recommend the game based on what I've experienced.Do you not care about the campaign and instead want a strong multiplayer RTS with lots of match options? You won't find that here."
,Recommended,281610,25823494,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mavrik,"Deserts of Kharak manages to ""get"" what made the first Homeworld and Homeworld: Catactlysm great and gives us another story in that universe. Even though it's grounded, it still gives the same excellent sound and visual design coupled with great voice acting that we haven't seen in a long time. Also the RTS structure has been moved away from the frantic clicking of Starcraft making a great modern RTS well worth playing."
76561198016701026,Recommended,281610,25591802,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,-LPIW-Avenger,"It is an over all pretty good game. Not $50 good, but good. Development on it did not start with Gearbox, and it shows. Mostly in the controls and environments. The visuals are pretty dated looking.I bought it because it had Homeworld in the name, and it was part of a bundle. The music and story telling stay pretty true to the series, and the campaign is well done so far.I would not recommend this game until you can get it for $20 or less."
76561198212596239,Recommended,281610,25828688,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Draver,I love a good story and the homeworld games have always delivered on that. This one is no exeption. Thank you for making such a great game that offer a great experience and feels very homeworldish.
76561198011684990,Recommended,281610,25857572,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Cobbie66,"This game manages to pay homage to Homeworld, while being its very own, unique gameThe campaign has engaging storytelling, where one wrong decision can spell your doomThe design, artwork and music alone are worth the price of admission. Gameplay is full, yet never overwhelming"
,Recommended,281610,25797758,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Reliant39,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is a decent Homeworld game. It's surprising how the general flavour of Homeworld is represented in this game, despite the move from a space-based setting to the surface of the desert world of Kharak. The various units are visually similar to the space ships of the earlier games. The cut scenes are made in the same style. The voice acting is as good as in the earlier games.A central mechanic in the game is line of sight. You won't be able to target enemy units that are hidden behind a sand dune, for example, until you actually crest the dune and bear down on them. This adds some interesting stuff to the action, where you can also hide from enemy units' fire by staying behind obstacles. Some minor micromanagement is added to the mobile base that forms the heart of your land-based fleet in that you have to allocate power to different systems. For the rest, though, the game plays essentially like the earlier Homeworld games: protect your mobile base, harvest resources, pump out new units, and purchase upgrades.The problem is that it hasn't manage to really grab me. I'm partway through the campaign and I don't really care about what's going on. The environment never dramatically changes: you're always in the desert, and you're essentially fighting the same enemy in every mission. There's a steady trickle of new friendly and enemy units, but they're essentially varieties of things you already have: another quick light vehicle, another type of tank.It looks good and it sounds fantastic, but in the end all it really makes me want to do is fire up Homeworld or Homeworld 2 again. The remastered versions of those are great, especially with the recent patches. Deserts of Kharak is certainly well made, even if I had quite a few crashes (especially after I finished a mission and am shown the menu again). Stylistically it's entirely in keeping with the other games in the franchise, but it simply hasn't gripped me in the same way. In Homeworld and its sequel, the campaign continually pushes you on and throws new things at you. Here, I just can't be bothered.I'll recommend the game anyway, but it's more 50/50 than anything, and don't buy it unless it's for sale.It's well made, but there's simply not much here. The skirmish mode and multiplayer are afterthoughts, which is not surprising: Homeworld is one of the few RTS games where you play basically for the campaign. So don't buy the (overpriced) DLC; it's multiplayer/skirmish only. Maybe at some point in the future I'll try the campaign again and I'll be gripped by it. You might be entertained by it from the get-go."
,Recommended,281610,34248715,Posted: 14 August,all,RollyPollyDwarfHeads,The devs do an excellent job of making this a true successor to the original Homeworld games (althought it is technically a prequel). It feels and plays just like the older entries. It is easily the best RTS I have played in years.
,Recommended,281610,20691275,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,SevereAids,RTS fans will enjoy this game. I'm so glad Homeworld is finally making a comeback. The recent remaster was excellent and this game just stirs up all kinds of goodness. Perhaps a Homeworld 3 in the near future?? Fingers crossed!
,Recommended,281610,20691332,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ackstorm,"Honestly this one seems to have come out really well, at least the single-player experience."
76561197989798192,Not Recommended,281610,28193826,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,-RoE-jJUICE,I just don't like this game at all. The reviews looked promising the game play looks desent but falls short of everything that makes Homeworld-Homeworld. Would rather play Homeworld remastered.
,Recommended,281610,20672999,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,cody the poor,Bruh the game needs lots of work but I LOVE IT ANYWAYS
76561198019984245,Recommended,281610,21412402,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,><,"Well done RTS game, exactly like the first one. But there is a very short company for only 1 faction. And there are few maps for scirmishes. Looks like DLCs will arrive later. 7/10"
,Recommended,281610,20779871,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,TRS_Ashton,Very happy with this game. Looks beautiful and has the same feel of the other Homeworld games (which I love.) Should be an instant buy for anyone who loves RTS's and especially anyone who is a fan of the Homeworld series. I wish it were longer (took me 10 hours to play through the campaign) but that's just cause it's so good I didn't want the experience to end. Two thumbs up.
76561197960375096,Recommended,281610,33912469,Posted: 30 July,all,kazada,It's a nice game.
,Recommended,281610,20701606,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bee,"A pretty good RTS game.The campaign is a little on the short side, but it's fun while it lasts anyway.Not much replayability value since the singleplayer is really the focus of the game.Graphically not very impressive, even at maximum settings it looks more like how medium/low should look."
,Recommended,281610,33526017,Posted: 13 July,all,burningwicky,"very beautiful game, great action  but game needs more* more and diffrent types of unites ,* more options in skirmish mode (look at home world 2 skirmish mode).* game needs alien races that are native to planet(s) that harrash players.* bigger mapsi bought the bundle on discount, it has home world and home world 2 in HD remasterd and desert of kharak, i caught my self playing homeworld 2, instead of Desert of Kharak.i suggest the game to any command and conquer player (games look alike very much)"
76561198081169494,Recommended,281610,33845464,Posted: 27 July,all,UtileSugar,This is an amazing Game having completed the HW1 and HW2 campaigns this was intresting. The Story was really interactive and thought out. Nothing negative to say about this.
,Recommended,281610,35189429,Posted: 24 September,all,BIG_nasty,"Thank you for taking me back again, I needed that in my life."
76561198049274311,Recommended,281610,35209573,Posted: 25 September,all,Drew_Berrymore,"A very solid game. Best to be played before Homeworld 1 and 2, adds more weight to those stories and the games get better that way. It's a little pricey, considering you can beat the game in 12 hours. The art, maps, and music are all amazing.Again, decent strategy game."
,Recommended,281610,35265674,Posted: 28 September,all,SamuraiPizzaCat,"If you loved the other Homeworld games then this is a must play. It's a prequel that fills in a story you didn't know you were missing. Great graphics and audio (you know you love the audio chatter).I felt the ship designs were a little basic - battlecruisers are supposed to be magnificent not dump trucks and I got a little bit tired of fighting in the deserts after a while. It is on Kharak though so what do you do? There's just no awe-inspiring nebulae, planets, etc like in the other HW games.That being said pick it up for the campaign on sale. Haven't tried MP yet so can't comment on that"
,Recommended,281610,33907336,Posted: 30 July,all,Insert Name Here,"Disclaimer the first: I'd give it a ""mixed"" score, but Steam won't let me. It getsa ""Recommended"" from me because see below.Disclaimer the second: I am writing this review as a player who played and eventually beat every other Homeworld game there is, including Cataclysm, because he fell in love with the universe.Deserts of Kharakgets the storytelling right - while nostalgia glasses prevent it from getting anywhere near the originalHomeworldin terms of atmosphere and creating the feeling of an ancient myth rather than a science-fiction story, it still has2beat in this respect.Gameplay-wise, however - it isn't abadgame, per se, but it certainly does lack polish.The biggest problem is, of course, AI. Cruisers that charge into battle without support despite having been given guard orders, fighters that return to carrier upon launch or refuse to return to carrier after dropping their payload, and so on.Furthermore the game shows how much potential is left unrealised: a large part of the original Homeworld's appeal was factoring in the third dimension -Deserts of Kharakcould have implemented that better by allowing aircraft to select their altitude and engage each other, and by adding more variations, such as aircraft equivalent to ground units in their movement and loitering behaviour (helicopters, for instance) or heavy transport planes capable of being loaded with light ground units."
76561198022062899,Recommended,281610,33599379,Posted: 16 July,all,CoolLew,"It took some time to get the hang of this game, but now I think it's awesome.RTS games have always been my favorite, and I'm so happy to see a new one that engages me as much as Supreme Commander or Age of Empires did back in the day."
76561198312889971,Recommended,281610,33755143,Posted: 23 July,all,lelo111111,"Nice RTS gameplay, Nice Graphics. Nice game.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,281610,35183050,Posted: 24 September,all,ikethepike,Fantastic scifi setting
,Recommended,281610,33534557,Posted: 14 July,all,GingerRoss,Closest we'll get to a modern Dune game.
76561198013251616,Recommended,281610,33749314,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,"not quite as fun as Homeworld 2, but a nice addition to the series"
,Recommended,281610,22034024,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ventus,"I approached this as a massive fan of the original Homeworld, which was previously hailed by myself as the greatest game i've ever played (recently bumped to the my number 2 slot by The Witcher 3). Original Homeworld captured all aspects of gaming for me with great UI, gameplay, story, and above all, the soul crushing, haunting melodies of Samual Barber.Having followed the original Hardware Shipbreakers, I resolved to wait out the initial release and see what BBI actually offered. I was disappointed to hear the main story was extremely short (reported 10 hours). I picked it up on first steam sale.I played it on hardest (three stars) only, and it took just under 18 hours to complete. Didn't feel short, but certainly wasn't long.-Solid graphics and gameplay. UI a bit overly simplified (and disappointing, espically given the lack of any formation).-Sound and music was good. Very much so up to par save for the deep-bass-transition effect noise that was very much so at home in the vastness of space, but seemed a contrived reference using that identical effect in the desert.I started out recommending this game as an absolute steal at 15-20 dollars. Having finished the single player, I feel pleased with 30-35 dollar purchase. What is here is excellent and it is an overall well done RTS and tribute to the homeworld franchise."
,Recommended,281610,20741379,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,z3roram,Would like to highly reccomend this RTS game. Blackbird showed attention to detail here and althought just starting out at this point first hour has been enjoyable and a reminder of those great RTS games played in the past.... Everything about it done right. 10/10
76561198014791352,Not Recommended,281610,25473195,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Eagle Eye,Graphic's lag really bad when in big battles. I am running I7 CPU 8gig memory. I play many other RTS and simulators and don't experience lag like this. Unbelievable it was released in this state and should have been tested on all platforms and combinations before release. At first graphic's were smooth on all settings high but now with everything on low it is still laggy now hardly even playable. Check for memory leak.
76561198121524844,Recommended,281610,20646652,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,SuperFireFight,"5 STARS ALL AROUNDI just got to play the first Level, but I feel like this is an Amazing game."
,Not Recommended,281610,20661548,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,IndigoForever,"I have played a few hours so far, and this is what I have been missing in a rts game. The amount of content though as far as races and units though is lacking. you get maybe 9-11 unit types and only 2 races to choose from. And thats it. So the gameplay and units are cool, but I wouldn't say it's worth 50 bucks. It isn't even worth 30. There is literally no unit variety and it kind of sucks. What happened to games like red alert 2 or ground control. This was supposed to be in the same vein but those games had depth and variety back in the early 2000's. This just seems like a cash in on a name."
76561198040724735,Not Recommended,281610,25540488,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,emaughan,"The game looks nice, and it has a few new features, but...No tactical pause which makes it far less enjoyable for me to play. Also, unit AI is soso. This game could have been so much better. Go back to the original, far better game."
76561197972879118,Not Recommended,281610,31496566,Posted: 1 May,all,Antihero707,"Look, what made Homeworld 1&2 great was the departure from the 2D playing field of classic RTS games. I guess the developer thought the best part was the departure from the fixed-position base-building of classic RTS games.Enter Deserts of Kharak, a boring bland game with an excellent story and cutscenes etc.You're stuck in 2 dimensions and you dont even get to build a base. RIP."
76561197963176814,Not Recommended,281610,24067269,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WinterFox,"pales in comparision to star craft 2. by pales i mean micheal jackson black to white paling.its not bad, its just eh...i really like the strike craft and how that UI was handled.buy it on sale and only if youre a homeworld fan. even then, thats stretching it."
76561198047269460,Not Recommended,281610,31595886,Posted: 6 May,all,AnarkySWG,I bought this game hoping for a Homeworld type experience but I can't bring myself to play it for more than 5 minutes without zoning out and thinking about homeworld :(
,Recommended,281610,20882063,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SlyNic,"Homeworld: DoK has got to be the best RTS game I've played in a long time.... Just started getting into the single player campaign and I am already impressed with this game. What a pleasant surprise in the RTS genre! I've never played the Homeworld series, but let's just say this... Homeworld: DoK was a great place to start!"
76561197975736719,Not Recommended,281610,20704632,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kafir Pride,"Beautiful garbage.Lack of pause button removes strategy from this game.  You can't analyze the battle, and figure out the right commands.  There's no time for that.  You can either flounder around, losing way too many vehicles, or you can play a mission enough times that you have the coreography memorized.  That's not RTS.  It's essentially no different than dance dance revolution.A good RTS gives you time to thihnk.  Sometimes that means a PAUSE feature, other times it means how the battle is paced.Time to think isn't facilitated by ape-ing the beginning levels of the OTHER 3 homewolrd games, where you're frantically escaping from something.  What makes it brainless apeing,  and not ""payiing homage""...?  In the other Homeworld games, running out of tme was a clever illusion you're meant to see through.   In Deserts of Kharak, you are ACTUALLY running out of time, ticking clock and all.  DEVS.  MISSED. THE.  POINT."
76561198036477697,Not Recommended,281610,20711716,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MayorOverFourThousand,Fell asleep from boredom.
76561197991863650,Recommended,281610,32992407,Posted: 29 June,all,abutara,"One of the best, explosions almost real. I like the cruse missiles"
,Not Recommended,281610,20676484,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tranewreck,"Too much money, for a half finished product, with poor ai, no key binding, no ultrawidescreen support, good campaign, and homeworld nostalgiathe campaign is good, but full price for 10hrs of gameplay... and it is 10hrs... because in multiplayer the AI is in such a TRAGIC state, given how much processing power there is in modern computers, there is NO EXCUSE for the ai cheating on hard, and being utterly brain dead on normal(im not kidding its ridiculously stupid on normal), with only 5mp maps, 1 of which is 1v1...speaking as a fan and as a value conscious player, i CANNOT recommend this in current state and at its current price, this is a good game that released unfinished and without AI programmers apparantly, for 30-40$ i would recommend this... at its current price its a bit of a rip off, not enough work has went into this game to justify the current pricetagEDIT[i've played all the homeworld games, and repurchased the remastered version even got 10% off deserts of kharak because of owning the remaster... and its STILL not worth it imo... i criticize it BECAUSE i am a fan....because i love the story of homeworld, which btw there is arguably little of in this game... im just not a blind fan.]"
,Not Recommended,281610,21152312,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,leonstk,"Homeworld 1 & 2 better then Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak1. Force to win (send all your unit kamikaze atk the enemy)2. Cheating Foe AI (No resource count keep sending unit to atk)3. Useless Heavy Tank (Railgun's Target, useless armor...)4. Super Railgun (Heavy Tank Killer, super damage and range)5. Tactic RTS? Like RA style who have more strong unit who win6. Story line very strange (still dont know why spaceship will drop to Deserts of Kharak)7. It reluctantly call Homewolrd Series..."
76561197969589026,Not Recommended,281610,20692250,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,multitaskbob,"The campaign is short and rather bland.  The combat, while fairly fun, is nothing groundbreaking.  It copies the previous homeworld series annoying habit of panning the camera around while characters talk about what is happening while the battle continues without your control.  I really can't recommend it barring a huge sale.Oh, and no combat formations???"
,Not Recommended,281610,20675892,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,www,"[     ] Buy now[ ✔ ] Wait for patches[ ✔ ] Wait for sale[     ] AvoidGeneral GameplayIn terms of performance and integrity, the game is rock solid. I've yet to encounter any bugs or crashes, a huge contrast from playing Fallout 4's infestation of (mostly non-breaking) bugs. The developers did well doing QA on this game.Response time is excellent and pathing is mostly fantastic. I've yet to witness any issues with units being stuck or causing unwanted collisions. With that said, all the maps are open deserts with minimal obstructions so not much can go wrong.There's only about a dozen units per faction and the other faction has a mirroring unit with minor differences. This is far from being comparable to Starcraft 2 nor Company of Heroes 2. You can dumb it down to being a two dimensional plane version of Homeworld but it's much more refreshing to play.Single Player CampaignOverall, I enjoyed the single player campaign experience but it was lucklustre. I just wish there was more going on, be it in the background or actively part of the campaign. There's no ""critters"" or random environment props and units disappear after being destroyed. To be fair, there were sand storms in one of the missions.I don't consider myself to be an RTS expert and I don't think my APM is high enough to brag about, but I managed to complete the campaign on the hardest difficulty and was only defeated twice - once on two seperate missions.The campaign is also linear and you only get to play as one of the two factions in the game. I was actually hoping that I get to play another 13 missions as the opposing faction. However, the amount of detail and production to produce the cutscenes and dialogue was fantastic!There's no ingame mechanic to compel you to replay the campaign again, once you finish it on hardest mode, you get 3 out of a maximum of 3 stars. It'd be fantastic to see how well you did on different runs of the campaign, particularly stats that show how much resources/time/etc were made during that run. Would also be fun to see how you fare against your friends!Multiplayer / SkirmishThere's only 5 maps. No joke.The only challenge you find here is if you play multiplayer against real players, the AI, for the time being, is way too easy than it should be.There's two modes that you can choose to play, artefact retrieval and annihilation. Artefact retrieval is an interesting idea, artefacts are spawned based off a timer mechanic and the first player/team to meet the target amount wins.There is also a unit cap of 125 in multiplayer, which feels unusual and I suspect there is a reason to this other than fps performance or balance.Considering the abysmal amount of maps included, if they had additional multiplayer modes such as King of the Hill or Company of Heroes' Capture the Flag/Points, that would at least give players more options to play with.The developers have included skins/theme mechanic for players to customise their army colours but I wasn't able to pick a different theme other than the default. You can change the primary and secondary paint scheme though, so that's something I guess.Final ThoughtsWhile I appreciate the amount of work that has been put into this game, particularly the single player campaign, I simply cannot justify the price.I just finished a comp stomp in Company of Heroes 2 and I definately enjoyed that more than the skirmish experience in this game.Wishlist:An additional single player campaign. DLC for the Gaalsian?Additional faction to differentiate between the existing twoNeeds more units and/or secondary active abilities. (Carrier with docking capabilities?)Additional multiplayer modes and winning condition optionsHarder AIReasons to replay the campaignMore multiplayer maps$15-$30 expansionUltimately, I think the game is great and the developers are incredibly talented. At this point of time I cannot recommend this game to others, despite my enjoyment. I am, however, extremely confident that any additional content, be it patch, DLC or expansion by this team will be well polished and content rich!"
76561197983083655,Recommended,281610,20647361,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,This is Rob,IT'S ♥♥♥♥IN HOMEWORLDEdit: It's even better.
,Recommended,281610,20647046,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,FrenchFry,"The game is good and very similar to the first Homeworld game.I would recommend it to anyone, especially fans of the previous games.On my experience of the game however, I have recieved some low FPS rates on cutscenes and gameplay, I dont know if this is the game or my computer, however."
,Not Recommended,281610,20895207,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Chaotic Entropy,"No, I can't recommend this game until a significant patch comes out. Lots of crashing, lots of lag, do I not have enough playtime to judge? Well you can thank DoK for that.Seems to be lacking in content, and mostly sadly of all, character. All cutscenes I've seen feel about 10-20 seconds too short, everything seems very clipped and concise. Leaves a jarring feeling when an epic homeworld opera starts playing during a cutscene which then immediately ends, cutting the music off. No fade to silence or you know... appropriate music choices for a cutscene that they know is only about 5-10 seconds long, nooo, just let it cut right out in the middle of a crescendo, fine, whatever. There really just hasn't been enough exposition and cutscene usage in general so far, and don't point me to the expedition guide, because I didn't buy an interactive game to read an encyclopedia.When I can play the game, I'm flying through missions with 0 losses on classic difficulty, which makes me seriously concerned about the brief 13 missions I'll get for my money. Nothing has any sense of importance or grandeur, most mission briefings, what there are of them, tell me how difficult a slog it's to be to get to X and then the mission becomes ""well here we are at X, tally ho"". Yeah, well done BBI, a modern day epic. ""Oh hey, build this unit"" is the only description of a new unit I receive, along with two arbitrary upgrades, again with no introduction and just ""oh hey we can immediately make everything better whenever we decide you can build something"". Everything just feels rushed and sloppy. Some part of the desert visuals look nice, other parts look quite poor, not a great deal of consistency despite it being the one terrain they had to do. A single terrain and it doesn't even look that great lots of the time.Generally I'm just underwhelmed entirely by the level of attention to detail and storytelling ability displayed. There's no real interaction between units and where there is it's done in a very joyless fashion. Harvesters just bob back and forth between resources and resource controller, no docking and unloading, just ""boop"" and it's all unloaded and back to work once it gets close enough. No docking of your land units with your land carrier, only fighters can and they're really more of just an additional carrier special ability. There's none of the nice interactions of units like in Homeworld.Maybe I'm just tired and grouchy, sick of constant crashes. I'll revisit this review as and when there is a patch, though I doubt anything will be done to fix any of my main gripes so far. Don't worry though, I hear some paid DLC will be coming soon, woopdidoo, have some more nostalgia money.Edit: So two patches in and there have been minor balance changes... no bug fixes. Wonderful.And BBI seem to just be letting the Steam forums fester instead of maintaining or posting information in them. I feel this game is just going to fizzle out.Edit 2: I played through bugs and crashes and 13 missions for a 10 second outro? Are you kidding me? This game is worth about £10 at most. Terrible story telling and a waste of the franchise and the good ideas it used up pointlessly."
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,281610,27706309,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Loli Fondler,Unskippable Cutscenes in 2016 jesus christ
,Not Recommended,281610,23884857,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,060606,This game is not what I expected based off the home world series. I was looking for a strategy game not a micro rush game.This game feels rushed  tacky and basic. The game does not even allow keys to be rebinded.Would not recomend for people who are looking for a strategy game like Home world.
76561198005763318,Recommended,281610,31125632,Posted: 13 April,all,Tiger,Pretty awesome
,Recommended,281610,20647707,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,cameron,"stow that containment block again, please-and-thank-you"
76561198003584248,Not Recommended,281610,20679852,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,DukeLukeM,"I felt let down by this particular title. I have never played any of the Homeworld titles but this seemed to appeal to me being a ground based RTS. All I really had to go on was Gearbox's Borderlands and how I really enjoyed them so I figured, why not?, I will give it a shot. I cannot reccomend this game currently with the rough UI and lets face it, the pathing is a bit irritable. I know I am not the only one that feels this way so I don't care to go into detail. The Graphicks are good, story legit but everything else seems to fall short of my expectations. After 6 hours of gameplay, I am already deleting this title from my library because the gameplay already tastes stale like a soda gone warm and drunk the next day."
76561198015267128,Not Recommended,281610,20681596,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,WEARESOA,"I can't recommend this game at full price - which is a HUGE shame. On discount (50%) it is much better value.My whole issue with this game is its depth; it just feels rushed.ProsExplosions look great and feel satisfying - the way lightning arcs through the plumes of black sandy smoke looks awsome. Carrier explosions are unfortunatly the other side of this coin and are pretty lackluster.The in mission atmosphere, generated by the ambient unit chatter ect, can feel amazing especially when combat gets going.The game feels like a homeworld game which is nostalgic.The units that are there, are fun to use.I enjoyed the story, even if it does feel a bit rushed towards the end.The music fits will into the game and brings a lot of life to some of the duller missions.The game runs pretty well on highest settings on 4k despite my rig ageing a bit.(2500k @ 4.5, 24GB ram, 290x 4GB, SSD, Win10)ConsThe minor stuff (which could get fixed by patches)The game crashes. I had 4 .exe has stopped working on my 10 hours play through the campaign.Buggy unit targeting priority - rail guns which are basically incapable of hitting the sandskirmishers (lighter vehicles) but will consistently target them despite other targets being available.More buggy unit behavior - Bombers will often fly over their targets and simply not drop any bombs.Visual bugs - aircraft are often invisible until they have left the end of the carrier ramp and cruise missiles will clip through vehicles and terrain before hitting their target.Unit clipping - light ground vehicles will drive through structures they are targeting.The major stuff which really hurts the game.Very poor unit diversity - Where are the dreadnoughts ect?! This feels like Homeworld 1/2 with everything above a destroyer removed.The Galsean (or however you spell the name) feel really underbaked in Multiplayer - they even have less units than the  Coalition! I find it odd that the Coalition get a fast battleship style ship which hovers (when all the rest of their units are tracked) and the Galsean feel like they are missing just such a unit. Was the side swapped because of poor unit diversity in the campaign for the Coalition?No more resource ships docking like in Homeworld :(.Had this game has more units and a couple more single player missions with more variety this would have been a huge thumbs up. In the state it's in, with crashes and abysmal unit diversity I have to say don't buy! Hopefully BBI can patch in some diversity and make this game what it could have been!"
,Recommended,281610,20713719,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Rantoc,"Great game that catches the spirit of the homeworld nicely, that said it was a bit short..."
76561198026344946,Not Recommended,281610,20713170,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SkyWacker,This Game does not support ultra wide screen resolution.  Very dissapointed even my older games support this.  2056 by 1080 P not supported would not reccomend if you have a gamming monitor that is ultra wide
76561197960432634,Not Recommended,281610,31755320,Posted: 14 May,all,senate,"Game is okay. Replayability is pretty low. Maps are big and you spend most of the time moving and scouting. After 7 hours of gameplay it became stale, but I made it to 10 hours and haven't touched it since, which was over a year ago."
76561198020046745,Not Recommended,281610,30295030,Posted: 3 March,all,Mr Welsh,"Low pop on units on multiplayer, played with 3 friends, Not so fun having a game with LIMITS you cant change.The campaign is Alright, I only did about 5, wasnt feeling it"
,Not Recommended,281610,23871605,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,InfernoScourge,"The game is heavily bugged and not worth anything above £10The main campaign crashed to desktop upon starting the first mission and it would not load not matter what i tried.Skirmish was buggy but was generally the only thing that worked.Didn't manage to test the multiplayer.Until they fix the game, don't pay for it.When they fix the game I will consider changing this review."
76561198087605469,Recommended,281610,23527740,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,stigoleberg,great game
76561198062335854,Recommended,281610,21995000,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Japoleon,"AW YEAAAAAA, GAMES FAWKIN WICKED COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAKE THE PURCHASE TODAY HERE FOLKS.... SUPERB PRODUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198069035209,Not Recommended,281610,21901522,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Freakill,"Short Campain, Bad AI, Not enough Units/Faktions, boring MultiplayerNot worth the moneyEdit:New Faktion as a DLC?No thank you!"
76561198152091985,Not Recommended,281610,23901390,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr karabz,FUN but needs a work shop theres just not egnugh to it
76561198102960384,Not Recommended,281610,23953355,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BrownDwarfsCantMeltSteelBeams,"I have always been a fan of RTS/strategy games, but this one doesn't do it for me. I tried very hard to like it, and push past the boring/annoying bits, but I just can't bring myself to do it.The campaign feels like a chore, and varies wildly from being ridiculously easy to a seemingly invulnerable enemy force. The economy system, with its finite rescources, doesn't allow for big clashes of massive armies. This mean that most battles are limited to small packs of 10-20 units. Despite the small army size, there is little benefit in microing units.I would call this game a ""slow RTS"" as far as build-up time, but it lacks everything that makes the late-game fun in an RTS."
,Not Recommended,281610,28149763,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chumad,Played with a buddy in MP; AI on easy and we were rushed and killed before we could even figure out how to build a salvager.
76561198008064115,Not Recommended,281610,20741510,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mandos,THis would be a great game but the unskippable cut-scenes are tediously long and for me at least make the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,281610,22018026,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,gnat,Will switch to positive if Linux happens.
,Not Recommended,281610,20748590,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Fonix,"This game seems like an over simplified version of the original homeworlds (which could have been good, but this is too simple). the orginal homeworlds had so much more diversity in the strategies you could do since there were so many different units and the factions were quite diferent. This game feels just like rock paper scissors mostly.also the interface needs some polish.. the way you navigate to your units to build is so annoying. and the fact you cant face a group of units in a direction, and cant keep them in formation is really annoying. the camera cant be zoomed out enough either, i just land up playing in the tactical map mode mostly, so dont even get to see the graphics most of the time. Also havent played multiplayer yet, but ive noticed in skirmish you cant save replays... in this day and age this is an attrocity.As a homeworld fan im a bit dissapointed with this one. try again with homeworld 3campaign was alright though, bit short"
76561198079367794,Recommended,281610,20685569,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,a black man,multe-player diad on arivilthe campan ok
76561198059196697,Not Recommended,281610,21922736,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Venomous,The game in single player is awsome. i myself enjoy skirmish and this game skirmish is very limited you only get about 10 unit to choose from. the maps look beautiful but are tiny and boring. i got bored of this game in about a week there's not enough of the good stuff to keep playing. also hate the micromanagement of units special abilities. to me the multiplayer/skirmish part of this game is not finish. also bring back the ru collectors unload animation it sucks that they just sit there and use this giant ray is kills the fantasy.
76561197995822286,Recommended,281610,20655159,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Travitar,"As a player of the original back when it was released and a fan of every game since, I was skeptical about this on since it isn't space based.  It has far exceeded my expectations.  Good job!edit: I finished that game and loved the entire campaign."
76561197973401091,Recommended,281610,23678993,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,humbrol2,"great graphics, usual rts style and play and ... OMG did i just tank the enemy with my base??? wait theres ICBM Missiles that can take out the enemy in 4 shots???"
,Recommended,281610,20650649,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,blogsg1,"It's homeworld but on the ground it's awesome, buy it.P.s a more indepth review will come from someone else... :-)"
76561197993453957,Recommended,281610,20650691,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Pentraksil,"Review will be updated as I go through it.Huge fan of Homeworld franchise and I am having a blast with Deserts of Kharak!Played only the campaign but it is amazing so far. The entire game feels like Homeworld. Amazing sound design, hearing the chatter of the nearby units is a truly immersive experience. Chatter is not active only durring battles, when units are idle there are a lot of talking going on. Amazing stuff.I didn't expect the UI design to be this good, the navigation is simple and no need to juggle between numerous screens. The only negative here is the rebinding. It is not possible to do it, it should be a standard when it comes to PC gaming. But the presets are very well done so not a huge issue for me there. But I agree that there is no excuse for leaving it out.Graphic quality is on par with the entire HW feel, someone might argue that the AA and shadow quality could have been better, but it is unnoticable when you are having a good time with the game. The entire feel, atmosphere, combat sounds, the movement and physics of the vehicles.....simply amazing. The detail on the units is uncanny, with a lot of personal touches, makes all those vehicle look believable and real. The game also runs very well on my system, I was a bit worried since I saw some people have issues with 980TI  ( I have i5 8gb RAM GTX 970). All on ULTRA, no  issues at all, even during huge battles.Gameplay is also top notch. I see a lot of people worried about the number of units and I have to ask you: What happened to quality over quantity? I agree, on paper it looks meager, but when you take the reins of the game it is obvious that each unit has it's purpose. Every unit has it's weakness and it's strength and they support each other marvelously. The feeling of sending your LAV's to charge the long range artilery, while your tanks provide smoke cover is simply amazing. You activate the boosts for LAV's while they fly over the dunes while firework spectacle around them begins to unravel....Air support kicks in just in time to help the assault.....You harass the enemy and start ""boosting"" your retreat to the nearest Support vehicle for repairs, dust coulds all around you.....Another succesfull attack....Simply AMAZING! More units =/= more tactical option. It is much more important (for me at least) to have units that have it's purpose. The situation reminds me of Shogun 2 and the backlash that it caused with the info that unit number will be small (compared to other TW) and factions will be very similar. It turned out great for TW, much better then adding a bunch of very similar units with no real purpose on the battlefield. As I said: Quality over Quantity.Now for some negatives:No formations...This hurts me the most it seems, the game really needs it. Ordering units to move or to attack is a nightmare if it is a mixed group, each unit moves at their own max speed. It is a tactical disaster, it can be bypased by micromanaging each unit group separately but it can be a pain.The game has some cliping issues. It is an RTS but it really looks ugly sometimes when Kapisi just rolls over S'jet, without S'jet moving an inch. There is also an issue when you group some units together. It can look ugly and it can ruin the immersion. But sometimes, when the collision works like it should, units can get stuck. My resource collectors got stuck in a loop and I didn't even notice, the lack of resources almost costed me a battle. It is not often but it can happen.AI has it's flaws. I haven't tried skirmish yet, but I have seen a lot of proof that it is not the best. I haven't noticed it too much during campaign, it was actually suprisingly good there (they are retreating heavy artillery and tanks if they don't have light unit support etc.) but you can see some signs of ""stupidity"" (rushing positions etc.)The above mentioned rebinding issue.Only 5 skirmish maps. This is a rather small number, HW never had an abundance of maps, but land RTS should have some more variety.All in all I am having a blast. Fun game, great campaign, just as I expected. Some might argue that the price is a bit high. For now, I am having my moneys worth, people are also forgetting that you could get 3 amazing games for that price or an discount as an owner of Remastered.  For the fun I am having, it is a fair price. Could have been better when it comes to MP content, but I am sure that we will have a lot of content down the road (BBI confirmed new maps, all for free with additional DLC/Expansion plans)Great game :)"
76561198045871868,Not Recommended,281610,22482428,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,|WTF|M666,"Content too less,buy when its on sale."
76561198011480501,Not Recommended,281610,22390557,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,S-H-R,"not as good as originals, same story really just on land, not many units not as as many as original, cameras awkward, keys are unchangable. very small amount of units allowed. fighting with armys no bigger then 40. does have good cinematics though could of been a really good game"
76561198032671922,Recommended,281610,28925300,Posted: 1 January,all,Halwith,More plseae
76561198174194491,Recommended,281610,28924033,Posted: 1 January,all,geoff.watson70,Brilliant!
76561197989758447,Not Recommended,281610,24757948,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Barcheil,"I don't get the rave reviews, the game demostrates some really acient gameplay. The old lame no supplies but the enemy is incompetant and who with infinite supplies should kick your♥♥♥♥♥but they are so dumb, after playing through infinte, isufficient EUs, insufficient EUs, insufficient EUs, insufficient EUs, insufficient EUs (eventually you disble sound to avoid that endless rant), you eventually grind away through it's stupidity.When computer lacked capability this was acceptable but now, it's just really lame and annoying. Smart AI and more supplies, would make the game enjoyable rather than a lame unreccomended game, not sure I will make it through a play through, the grind and the endless whine isufficient EUs, insufficient EUs or for a change up insufficient RUs, means writing this review was more fun than playing the game.Forgot to mention, game blatantly cheats, plays exactly like it knows exactly where you are, fair enough, but then don't hide from the player, just really lame game play."
,Recommended,281610,32664780,Posted: 22 June,all,Wiguan,Very nice RTS.
76561198046463851,Not Recommended,281610,25117333,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,lud83,"ok game - nice graphics, nice design, but misses everthing that made homeworld so special. No 3d Space - No ""what you attack me from above, bottom, left, right, back front, bottom and all the diagonals???!!basically your average standart RTS along the line of Ground Control, C&C etc....can't really recommend nor hate. I love the desert and the Homeworld franchise and designs, the challange and novelty of the original are missing however."
76561198056382933,Recommended,281610,20660405,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,alizankhalil,I like it. A LOTTT
76561198022241634,Recommended,281610,24572142,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gozzle,"It's like Command and Conquer 4, if EA hadn't ballsed it up."
76561198039663245,Recommended,281610,20691913,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,facciola007,This game is really fun. It gives me that homeworld feeling. I hope that they fine tune some of the small issues out and bring more content to the game I would like to see workshop integrated and alot more maps. Overall its fun though.
,Recommended,281610,34890185,Posted: 11 September,all,Pshmoaf,"This is an excelent strategy game with a very good narative. I have played it through twice, and will do so again at some point. I enjoy setting up skirmishes with friends or playing solo. I only wish that there was more to it, I would love an expansion."
76561198009903018,Recommended,281610,29680629,Posted: 3 February,all,Corwin86,"Been waiting ages for this: the result (so far) is clearly very good and worth his price.On a personal note, I miss the space environment and design, and maybe Homeworld 2 was a little less unforgiving regarding the strategy part.And still, maybe this could be the best strategy/resources manager game around?If some questions could be risen above the strategy part of the game (still good), it's, I think, unquestionable that the Campaign mode is truly a great spiritual successor of Homeworld series, and the best available for a strategy game."
76561197966782189,Recommended,281610,35089145,Posted: 20 September,all,Leroy,Good
76561197970298913,Not Recommended,281610,24670402,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,HAVOC122mm,"Too F$#@ hard, can't even enjoy it due to AI rushing you with death wave after death wave of units (on easy). Very little types of units to pick from if you can even stay alive to build them."
76561197988024012,Not Recommended,281610,24213257,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Shazarak,"I loved the original Homeworld and the re-released version.  I also like the story of this game too.  However I'm tired of the ""defend this"" missions.  The multiplayer is too difficult for me.  I can play Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance and often beat hard CPU's but this game kicks my tail on easy mode.... guess I'm getting too old for this."
76561198020970489,Not Recommended,281610,22346255,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,marty mcfly,"not that good, 2 races, short singleplayer and a month after release they try to sell a 7.99 sub race to an already existing race not a big fan of the moneygrab gimmick. mp suffers from the same 5 ***holes doing rush tactics so all in all I dont recommend at all. also have fun waiting for a mp match. the  good graphics arent enough to keep any interest here. there are a handful of rts games i would recommend over this and they aren't 50 dollars"
,Recommended,281610,20747354,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Zakalwe,"I sort of recommend this game. For the price, there's little content to keep you going long term (5 maps??), and the unit type and population cap limit the scope of the game. Much like Homeworld though, there's something a bit special about this game.The low unit cap and mix means that the game is a micromanager's dream come true. Launching a gunship is a real event, if only because you have access to so few, while that isolated handful of tanks on the perimiter becomes increasingly precious as damage is taken from waves of enemy units. It's a little like Dawn of War 2 in many ways, though no where near as developed.I've heard the game called a Beta, and I'd agree with this. The resource wrecks are all copy/paste efforts for the same model, for example. Work needs to be done on the skirmish AI, though it's not quite as bad as some say. Personally, I find the carrier base to be slightly ridiculous and far too derivitive of an actual aircraft carrier. The design feels lazy and uninspired. It's unfortunate that it's got Ashes of the Singularity's lovely capital ships to be compared to at the moment. All in all, this feels like a game that needed a few more months of design and polishing.Despite these negatives, the game is a lot fun. The effects and sound have real oomph to them, and combat is very rewarding.  There's still a lot of work to be done before the game justifies its high price tag, and I'd expect to see a lot of free content to go in before we start on paid DLC, but this is one of the better RTS games to come out recently."
76561198001280762,Not Recommended,281610,21220837,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Cattleprod,"Returned the game.  After 3 multiplayer games, I felt like I had played everything the game had to offer.  The AI was too easy - and the maps too bland.  Just nothing left to do in the game."
76561198036821489,Recommended,281610,26156325,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,camba063,"Great game. Not as innovative as Homeworld in terms of gameplay, but still fun to play."
76561197972142700,Recommended,281610,26029828,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Arthy,"Great game but way too short!!! 13 missions, done in 13 hours... wish the campaign was longer."
,Recommended,281610,26066258,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Quarrel,"Excellent game, very happy! Great voice acting and it looks great. The game runs very smooth and I never had a crash or stutter issue. If you are a homeworld fan I highly recommend. If you never have played them I still recommend playing for the story.My only negative the story seemed to end abruptly."
,Recommended,281610,26043644,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,petercrab,"good game, very satisfied with it. shame the multiplayer never will be populated(probably)."
,Recommended,281610,26059818,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,xdaikatanax,"A satisfying RTS that feels situated within the Homeworld universe. I enjoyed being exposed to the fully-fleshed out world of Kharak as previously only found in the companion guide to the original Homeworld. The art, sound effects, and graphics are all excellent and very reminiscent of the original Homeworld; the campain is fast-paced, fluid, and fair; and the writing dovetails into the plot of the first Homeworld. There are several Easter Eggs for old-school Homeworld fans, which are great. Unfortunately, issues with the writing keep this from being a masterpiece: key plot points are glossed over, the characters aren't as absorbing as the writers intended, and the latter third of the campaign feels rushed and incomplete. Additionally, the DLC's so far have focused on introducing units for multiplayer, rather than fill in more plot for the single-player campaign. The Expedition Guide is nice, but a PDF version would be nicer, so that I wouldn't need to launch a standalone app to read its contents. Finally, a few bugs persist (such as camera zoom occasionaly getting stuck on a unit until the camera is panned), but I didn't encounter anything that distracted too much from the experience.Overall, this is a solid single-player experience - I would pass on the DLC's except the Expedition Guide - and hopefully the devs release a DLC that fills in more of the campaign. A sequel would also be great!"
76561198119632671,Recommended,281610,26150331,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,R.E.D. Talon 6,"very fun game very homeworldypros.fun fast paced good storyconsesc isnt a menu option meaning you cant pause or escape you have to mouse over the menu mid game so backing out of a cut scene is imposible2nd time meating the ashoka carrier my rachel was right at the entrance point. but i cant do anything but wath her get killed during a cut scene.i have to restart the mission all over becuase there was only 1 chekpoint like wtf who thought anything in that level was a good idea,i still dislike how i have to remap all my keys so i dont need arrow keys or middle mouse button to move the mapi found that unless you are in radar mode you really cant see anything, like i cant zoom out enough to give effective ordersfinal thoughtsall in all a great game butevery little nusiance from the homewolrd series is still thereand im disapointed and frustrated with it"
76561197966406325,Not Recommended,281610,28282244,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Chronibis,The game looks and runs smoothly but the online community is dead and you have to buy the other two factions which I think is ridiculous. I just got ganged up on by 3 AI in a 4 player FFA so that annoyed me as well. The campaign was pretty boring too... Just go play Starcraft 2
,Recommended,281610,20692956,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,WirtsLegs,I am only part way through the campaign and so far this is a worthy prequel to some of the best RTS games ever made. I will update this review once I have finished the campaign and played a few skirmishes etc.
76561198008149534,Recommended,281610,25790771,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,SlacK CaT,"Homeworld fans rejoyce!Deserts of Kharak is hereJust as fun as Homeworld Remastered(and also part of the legacy that makes the series so cool....)This RTS game is loaded with firepower....Massive battles in full 360 desert terrain with detailed units that bring the war home.If you are a RTS fan both Homeworld games are a must have.You can even buy the Homeworld Remastered and Deserts of Kharak Collection,where you get both games for a nice price.Game can be difficult at times....This is an RTSStragety is a must but....You will unleash hell upon the enemy....I just finished the campaign and this game was awesome!Reporting for multiplayer skirmish mode now....Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak <9.0 out of 10 stars>"
,Not Recommended,281610,29489882,Posted: 25 January,all,zon,"well..+ art and atmosphere work for me, love them+ soundtrack rocks, love it+ story is decent, got actually into itbut for this price point..- the missions are way too repetitive- buggy, getting stuck in missions where the objective is impossible, i.e. ""destroy renza""- upon exit, it crashed my system twice forcing me to hard-reboot (win 10 x64 with 32 gb ram, proper ssd and such..) sad- no higher resolution than full hd available, really?!thus ok to buy if offered with adequate discount, tho bugs that prevent campaign progress or cause serious system havoc are simply a no-go, since this game is not in an early alpha or beta stage."
76561198002262899,Recommended,281610,24145273,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skibidi,Is gud
76561198036294615,Not Recommended,281610,24393717,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,stefan.sautter,Does currently not support to change the speed of the game (campaign against AI).For me all RTS games needs to support this -> I regret having bought Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak and will stop playing until it is added.
76561198069054554,Recommended,281610,20694208,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,QUBE,SO AWESOME! Just buy the game already!!!
,Recommended,281610,20694150,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dubara,Leziz.
76561198116879238,Recommended,281610,20694396,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Eppageddon,"Am loving it, feels nice have up and down terrain."
76561197990927224,Recommended,281610,33513555,Posted: 13 July,all,Protector,I always like coming back to this game... can't wait for what's next.
,Recommended,281610,33529272,Posted: 13 July,all,Anonysaurus,"The game looks cool and campaign is great, but multiplayer is meh."
,Recommended,281610,33287634,Posted: 5 July,all,[HALAL] Lord Touch Me,What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
76561198053865080,Not Recommended,281610,20658026,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Metr0,"I really wanted to like this game but its horribly unoptimized. No matter the settings it still has this bizarre microstutter. I think the game looks beautiful despite everyone saying otherwise, the art style just makes it work. Now if only it ran better. guess I'll go back to Howeworld remastered while waiting for future patches."
76561198006717323,Not Recommended,281610,20670835,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Cell,Traditional pause functionality removed from this entry of the series.
76561198034359392,Recommended,281610,20647029,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,-=WilD=-,Best RTS game of 201610\10 well done devs
,Not Recommended,281610,25741698,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,derekfit,It stutters like crazy... This completely destroys the game-play experience for me.Homeworld (Remastered) runs very smoothly by comparison.I have tried with and without SLI ennabled.I run two Nvidia Titan X Pascal cards and an i7 5960x CPU with an Intel 750 series PCI-E SSD on Windows 10 64 bit Home edition. Monitor is 1440p / 144Hz (G-Sync). Nvidia driver is 372.90Note that SLI support appears to be absent in this title. I can't speak for Crossfire support.
76561197963326166,Not Recommended,281610,20697459,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Tigrid,"So disappointed, was really looking forward to this.This game was not ready for release and does not live up to its heritage.Have requested a refund.As other reviewers have said, and in no particular order:- shoddy animations- shoddy physics- selecting units can sometimes be difficult and behaves inconsistently- inconsistent texturing (though some of it is beautiful)- a carrier that doesn't carry anything- resource harvesters that don't actually visibly return resources, just pull up 100m away from the carrier, pause and then continue.- pathing management with large vehicles and somewhat enclosed spaces is clumsy- backstory isn't particularly well presented, more implicit than anything else- semi-adoption of Homeworld keyboard shortcuts, but pressing 'f' to focus doesn't really work, double tapping it does nothing- no alt-select for focus- camera controls don't seem intuitive- camera can not be zoomed out far enough, forced into the sensor view 90% of the time, even though the maps aren't that large- only a handful of skirmish maps- AI is lacking in the campaignThe biggest problem though is one of the games core mechanics, the effect that elevation has on combat:- an overlay is displayed with elevation hints when you are issuing move or attack-move commands but this info is unavailable if you're simply right clicking to issue move commands. A keyboard key to toggle the overlay would have been more useful.- positioning units, particularly large groups of units, to take advantage of elevation is virtually impossible as there are:- no formations for units- no way of specifying the orientation of units or groups of units- despite LOS being such an important mechanic, you will often find half your units have none, and there's little you can do about it.I love the concept and art design. The UI is fine. Music is spot on and the Story is OK, just under presented.I think most punters were surprised when this was announced. Almost seems like the release date was a little bit of a surprise for the developers - seems as if they were rushed into getting this out the door well before it was ready, otherwise I would be DEEPLY surprised if all these game dev vets who were supposedly working on the title would have been content shipping it.If development continues post release and some of the above gets fixed, I would gladly change my review. Would love to this title shine."
,Not Recommended,281610,20688793,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CuAnnan,"This game reminds me of RTS in the 90s and early 2000s.Not in the good way.Unskippable cutscenes, that you're going to have to watch repeatedly because the game bugs out and you have to load earlier games.Missions designed around a ""special ability"" that is completely useless outside of that special ability.UI choices that make no sense (esc shouldalwaysclose open menus and the focus for the save file name should be the text entry).The game cynically cashes in on the name of the Homeworld franchise while producing little to none of the gameplay or feel that the original games had. In trying to do something different to the Homeworld franchise, they produced a game almost exactly like every other ground-based RTS in existence.At least it's pretty."
76561197961546147,Not Recommended,281610,23986380,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kaizo,"-No editor of any kind, a big no for any rts title.-No workshop support.-Multiplayer maps are the smallest I've ever seen in a rts.-No developer presence on steam forums.-Faulty AI after 30 minutes.-DLC is a cash grab scheme that had immediate post production release.-Prepare to be shouted down by people when you critique this mess.^(Multiplayer)^-Amazing ambience, beautiful gfx, except many have optimization issues.-A rip from C&C 4, except done well.-Intelligent mission design, persistent fleets, easy interface.-Good voice acting.-Mechanical execution is sound.-Short but sweet campaign, comparable to original homeworlds.^(single player)^With a great campaign and horrible Multiplayer scene this game should only be bought when on sale. The way Multiplayer deviates from the spirit of the rest of the franchise is confusing and a major let down, and with the utter lack of content it is being cemented as a arbitrary addition to an amazing IP. 9 hour campaign if you try hard, but most walk away after according to the stats. Dying game with no community collaboration, so much lost potential.Tldr: wasted potential, buy on sale, play campaign and walk away."
76561198042429888,Not Recommended,281610,27372743,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jmstrahm,"I played it..... and wow the only way they saw to make it difficult was to spawn infinate enemies, restrict your rescources (where in the story it was recource rich!) and to give the enemy tuns of troops to start off with so ya, then there is the last level where you get a space cannon that dose like no dmg where you are fighting a enemy mega ship (btw another complant is the miss used termonaligy, they use the same termonaligy that they use in homeworld) that has infanite resources to beat it and win the game I had to go in circles so it wouldn't catch me and kill me while hitting it with the space cannon, it took forever and in the end when it was low enouph I charged it with my remaining troops and took it out.though it was interesting no doubt and if you want a challange.... not to mention I got Homeworld 1&2 so overall not bad.."
,Not Recommended,281610,22728034,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,FrakYouToasters,"This game was the biggest dissapointment. They reskinned another game and called it Homeworld. Missions are incredibly boring and provide little to no challange. I'd consider it nothing more than a under developed Alpha.  The maps are weak, unit styles and usage are weak.The fact that there are DLCs that just reskin current build is outrageous.avoid this game at all costs."
76561198064974664,Not Recommended,281610,20686644,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Donkey!,"If you have played Homeworld, DO NOT PLAY THIS unless you do not remember the story!First of What the hell did you Dev people do!!!as far as i know they as in the people of Kharak was Exhiled and was forbidden to use hyperdrive and here on this planet the ships jump inside the planet ""Error"". and the planet is dying thats fair enough as far as the story goes but then all these resource are just there JUST THERE ! because nobody needs them i time of war and then some space ships i'll salvage them thanks.and there is the matter of my best vehicles that uses meteors to be build yep thats very common ( plus do research which makes even less sense)if only i did not play Homeworld and Homeworld 2 back when i was young then this would not have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so much""Game uninstalled"" thank g that it was a VERY SHORT game"
,Not Recommended,281610,20670916,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,road to potato,"Edit - A year later and this is still full price. Surprised as I was looking to edit my review accordingly. Im somewhat conflicted on this as I stated in my review I thought this was too much, for what you get(somewhat of a lacklustre RTS experience compared to say SC2), but at the same time, you tend to pay more for a well crafted, dare I say it - artisnal products in other sectors so maybe indie games shouldnt be any different. Anyway I guess Ill stick to my guns as Ive had no real desire to replay it since, the only thing prompting me to update this was writing a review for another game(as I rarely refund games, writing a review is basically my equivalent).TLDR: At $30usd I’d recommend this, $50 feels pretty steep. Add it to your list and wait for the price to drop a bit.I’m gonna go on the record and say I loved Homeworld. In fact, I even made a Babylon 5 themed mod years back for the original (Conflicts of Interest), so I was super excited for this game.Spoiler free review.PositivesArt direction- Continuing the unique homeworld aesthetic, it’s almost minimalist letting silhouette and contrast describe things rather than piling on armour plate after plate. Its visually a breath of fresh air especially today when a lot of sci-fi these days is just over blinged crap (I’m looking at you Halo, StarCraft). The endless dunes in conjunction with massive machines is genuinely cool. The cut scenes are also fantastic, it’s a sublime mixture of 2.5d animation with in game cinematics.Homeworld feel– The game is a prequel so naturally it’s going to borrow things but it really does recreate that feeling of the original. Unit icons, radio chatter, upgrading functionality of your fleet is all very reminiscent of the original.Music, sound and voice acting– Everything again feels spot on. From explosions to the urgency of dialogue in the middle of a battle, it’s extremely well produced.NegativesThe game is reallyshort for a $50 title. I know I got the remastered editions of HW1 and 2 with it, originally I thought this was a plus, but now I almost wish I didn’t, did the price get pumped up to justify this? The missions themselves offer very little in diversity compared to SC2. Many missed opportunities here.Factional mirror matchup. Well one has tracks and moves a bit slower and the other has hover engines and moves a bit faster. It’s cool visually but gameplay wise after 6ish hours it really just feels visual. Disappointing.Homeworld feel– The original came out eons ago, and while it was mind blowing at the time, I can’t help but feel like some things should change by now. No minimap. Yes, there’s a sensor manager but I just feel it’s a holdover from when you needed a fully 3d map(for homeworld). It’s too much toggling. It feels unnatural these days to be toggling on a mode that is essentially an oversized minimap. You can’t appreciate the art of the game while doing this, and you can’t properly manage any large scale battle without resorting to looking at light blue on darker blue boxes to decide the outcome of things. It’s kind of like how pro StarCraft players turn the settings all way down but to the nth degree. It’s cool for a mission briefing but I’ve grown to despise it for in game usage.Some units are also criminally forgettableand look the same at a distance. Resource collectors and light units. Gotta use that sensor manager to select resourcers properly. But then Cruisers, all of them just blend into each other. In the sensor manager, battlecruisers, artillery cruisers and support cruisers share the same damn icon. But as they have vastly different functions, you have to zoom in or listen to the radio feedback when selecting them. But then you can’t see what’s happening on to your other units because you aren’t using the sensor manager to look at things, ugh. It’s just annoying. I’m forced to look at stupid light blue on blue boxes to issue orders and have map awareness, but it just hurts the experience. I can’t appreciate the little firing animations or the little clouds of dust they kick up when moving. Stop taking me out of the experience While the story is cool it’s also a bit naff. What do I mean? Well it drops you right in the middle of things and sets you up for an epic ride, and it just doesn’t quite get there. The motivations of your foes are quite flimsy, it feels a bit rushed or cut short. It basically left me feeling a lot of why and what and then just ok whatever towards the end.UI annoyances- Burying build units under icons. I found it rather irritating that building units you have to select your carrier, then select a box, an arrow shaped box, a diamond shaped box or a slightly askew box to then build light medium air or heavy units. The icon differences are just crap and it feels unnecessary given that there really aren’t that many units total to justify the categorization. The game focuses on quick decision making while managing your entire fleet and their abilities, this is something that takes away from your concentration in a big fight.  Basically the game definitely is a step back from the control and finesse system of SC2.I honestlydid enjoy the game, and won’t be asking for a refund or anything but since steam only allows for positive or negative and not something in between, I’m going to have to go with negative mainly due to the current price. I was also kind of a superfan of homeworld, so for a newcomer I think at around $30(USD) would’ve been a good price (turn the recommendation to yes) for this title.I’ve been harsh on the game but only because of how I had such high hopes. My negatives really aren’t show stopping in any way, but I feel like the current price point the game just doesn’t offer enough to justify things. I both love the homeworld feel but also feel like BBI hamstrung themselves adhering to it so closely. They wanted genre defining but I feel like this will simply stand as a good game, not as the standout title that Homeworld was."
,Recommended,281610,23419332,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,SADU,Amazing Game
76561198075550099,Not Recommended,281610,23846982,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tyrion Lannister,I really like this game but they really need to fix few bugs! The game crashes between 50 to 70 min of game play! its like a ticking clock it happens everytime! ive had almost 22 hours of game play and ive had experienced 22 crashes! the integraty of the files as you check it in the properties are always 100% but for some reason game always crashes! please fix it.
,Not Recommended,281610,20702855,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bronzite,"WhileDeserts of Kharakcertainly was inspired by the Homeworld series, and the touchstones fans are looking for are present, the execution of the game demonstrates a bewildering naïveté by the developers who never seemed to get their arms around what they were writing.First, let me say this game is beautiful.  The artists did a top-notch job, and the cinematics feel like a more evolved form of Homeworld's black-and-white, simply animated cut scenes.  The new characters, the models, and the interface all compare favorably with modern RTS's.The main problem I had withDeserts of Kharakactually had to do with the way the setting, the mission design, the visual design, and world never seem to meet, and indeed, actively clash in numerous places.Let's start with the visual design.Deserts of Kharak, as the name suggests, takes place almost exclusively on enormous, tan dunes of sand.  There's very little visual distinction between terrain rises, falls, and textures.  If the game were in VR or otherwise provided steroscopic vision to the user, this might be less of a problem, but as it stands, just reading the terrain you're looking at can be surprisingly difficult.Secondly, there's the units.  They're the same color as the terrain they're sitting on.  While that would probably make sense for a desert fighting force, from a gameplay perspective, it makes interacting with your units from the main game view very tricky.  Even with the overlays that provide different shapes for different types of units, it can be a challenge even to see a unit, let along distinguish what kind of unit it is.The sensor manager from Homeworld is back, and provides the shape-based overlays for both friendly and enemy units.  Unlike Homeworld, though, terrain plays a major role in the micromanagement-heavy gameplay ofDeserts, as does unit orientation.  Neither bit of information is clearly expressed in the sensor manager, and as a result attempting to control the battle from the sensor manager can be something of an exercise in surprise and frustration.The sensor manager also gives me an opportunity to segue into the issues with the mission design.  Especially early in the game, the missions introduce challenge by having enemy units attack simultaneously from multiple different directions.  In principle, that's fine, and it makes sense in the context of the story, but that type of mission is singularly poorly-suited to the interface ofDeserts.  Because the game encourages, to the point of requiring, micromanagement of units, and because you can only get a view of the battle as a whole from the sensor manager (which is an entirely separate screen), it is very easy for a player to simply be unaware of a new attack force or front moving in from a different position.To put it in more technical terms, the other games in the Homeworld franchise could get away with their UI choices because the missions always made it clear there was a defined axis of attack.Deserts of Kharakdoes away with that choice, and while it is unlikely to cause a player to fail a mission outright (although certainly possible), it feeds a feeling not that the enemy is outsmarting you, but that the interface you're using isn't up to the task you've been set to.Finally, the story is... strange.  It moves in fits and jerks, asks a lot of questions, and answers few.  Long-time fans of the Homeworld universe will undoubtedly be left scratching their heads at a number of the retcons that were introduced to support the new story.  The end of the campaign comes suddenly, and the few seconds we're spared of denounement do nothing to resolve any of the questions raised to that point, or hint at the fate of the characters between the end of this game and the beginning of Homeworld 1.Ultimately, and in spite of the Making Of content, this game feels like a game written about a science fiction desert society, that was crowbarred into the Homeworld franchise by adjusting the interface and story, but ignoring the game design lessons of its predecessors.Deserts of Kharakwould've been much better served to have simply remainedShipbreakersand stood on its own.  By becoming a Homeworld game, both the franchise and this product have been diminished."
76561197969368415,Not Recommended,281610,20682338,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Darllock,"Not a Fan, bought it for Homeworld 2 Hd pre order offer ( what a con) to be tbh, This is mediocre at best. I own lots of rts and space sims, this will not be in my favorites. sorry."
76561198077862687,Not Recommended,281610,20717128,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MarioSpeedwagon,"I have an i7, 16gb of RAM and a 970. Game wouldn't let me change my graphics settings above ""low"", saying it would cause system instability. Also, I could not change keybindings.Other than that, The game was rediculously underwhelming. I don't even know where to start. Actually, that's not true...I just don't care. This is the first and only game I've ever requested a refund for, and I own damn near every RTS since Red Alert."
76561198104828653,Not Recommended,281610,29844173,Posted: 11 February,all,Josh_Gucci,"Fun game but needs some balancing, anti-air units are shiiiiiit especially against ait units..... makes 0 sence"
76561198031653390,Not Recommended,281610,29451503,Posted: 23 January,all,Hee Haa,"To sum it up ""frustrating and boring.""Keep peons alive get fed crumbs enough said!"
,Not Recommended,281610,29441412,Posted: 23 January,all,LeMador [TH],"i bought this game for the nostalgia factor after i played the original Homeworld and Homeworld2 in early 2000s.. since then, there has been a number of better RTS games than Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak.. games such as Starcraft2 and the Red Alert series, that i would recommend over Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak ..without the nostalgia factor, i guess i would be more disappointed and more critical with Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak..the graphics is great and the zoom close-up during battles, is definitely impressive.. but the story is very very minimalistic following the style of the previous 2 games.. however, the previous 2 games came-out in a time when PC gaming was in its early infancy.. maybe early childhood..the technology of the time did not allow Homeworld and Homeworld2 to have complicated game-play and top-notch cinematics.. so the style of the game had to be as minimal as possible to work in most computers in early 2000..but Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, came in a time when there is so much more that could have been done to the game..   just look at Starcraft2..i dunno.. Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak just feels ""lazy"" to me, compared to what Starcraft and Command and Conquer had become.. and compared to the original Homeworld and Homeworld2..FURTHERMORE.. and this is a BIG one!.. the reason why i loved Homeworld and Homeworld2 so much, is because the battles took place in outer-space, where you had to navigate in a 3D space and you had to move your units along with x, y and z axis..at the time (in early 2000) Homeworld and Homeworld2 were the best space RTS game in a truly 3D enviroment..no other game came close to what the original developers of Homeworld and Homeworld2 have achieved..Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, did not add anything new that felt groundbreaking..so ok.. I AM A SCI-FI JUNKY.. AND I WANT TO SEE MORE SPACE BATTLES!!and i find my fix with Starwars, StarTrek, StarGate, BattleStar Galactica.. and the Expanse.. those sort of things..Homeworld and Homeworld2 gave me MY FIX.. furthermore, the workshop allows you to transform some of Homeworld units into BattleStar Galactica and StarWars units.. that is simply fantastic..but Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak,it takes place on the surface of a planet, on the ground and in the desert.. YAWN!! this is a big let-down for me..if i wanted a better game that has battles taking place in the desert, there are many many RTS games out there that provide better story-line and better gameplay..i give Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak.. a 3/5.. or a B-..without the nostalgia factor.. maybe a 2/5 or a C-..by comparison, i give the original 'Homeworld' (remastered) and 'Homeworld2' (remastered) a 4 out of 5.. or a B+..do check them out.."
,Recommended,281610,20767982,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,thiz,"Me only being at Mission 6 out of 13 right now, seems a bit early to write a review, but for me personally, its not. I've always been afraid of strategy games, they always seemed full of different systems and features, hard to understand. This game however, looked very easy to understand and so it is. Its great fun and it makes me finally like a strategy game for the first time in my 25 year old life. Rachel is great as your protagonist the story is the ""lets fight for resources"" standard in the genre, but they still tell the story very nicely with good movielike cutscenes before each mission, which draws me into the universe every time after putting it down for a while.The game has a great learning curve. When I fail, its because I did not understand the features of a unit from the get go, and not because the game failed to tell me but because I just am so fresh and new in the genre. I never liked a gearbox-published game, this is the first one that I fell in love with. Please let the studio do the franchise from now on, and don't make it as complicated as the competitors. For me this was an amazing experience already and I'm only almost half-way through. I can only speak of single player, since I dont dare to try face off against other people. Just wanna get the basics straight for now.Technically it seems very polished and clean, it has this ""plastic"" look that Portal invented. Some people call bad fps on this title, I never dropped below 60, but then again I only face off against AI in single player missions. Voice over work is also amazing. Please make Homeworld 3 now!"
76561198020419470,Not Recommended,281610,21058976,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,havoc675,In short:Do not buy this game thinking it is a homeworld type gameNot a bad game for a prequel...have to start somewhere i guess but not worth the 29.99!!!Sad but will have to wait for the homeworld remakes or homeworld 3 for any type of true homeworld experience.
,Not Recommended,281610,23865485,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cyber_Donkey,"Rather boring and bland, for what I was expecting from the series."
,Not Recommended,281610,22240350,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DataGeek,"It ran terribly on my machine, which runs GTA V on Very High/Ultra. It also kept crashing.got an i7 with 16G Ram and 4G nvidea graphics card.But even when I did play a few games, it was just kind of boring, the multyplayer maps are just too small and there are hardly any maps. I thought Homeworld 2 was awesome, but obviously didn't have much expectation of the maps on that ha.Also I feel the units are a bit dull. I don't know what I expected really but my excitement was short lived when I actually bought the game. I've never left a bad review before, but I paid more for this than most games and enjoyed it a lot less."
76561198092347977,Not Recommended,281610,21130759,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,K13,"Imagine your favorite movie. The opening scene comes, your hero comes into view and... you can't hear a word he/she's saying because the music is too loud! Why would anyone in any part of the gaming industry choose to have just one volume slider for both music and cinematics? There's also no key rebinding (can cause issues for anyone that has ever gotten used to other game's controls or for some other reason wants/needs to rebind the controls). I've had constant screen tearing no matter what settings I used.Usualy I'd like to talk about the story, but the initial issues I've had made it hard to focus on the story. The only thing I can say about the gameplay is it feels cramped and a bit outdated.If you're looking for a good AAA game, then keep looking, because this isn't it. If you're looking for a cheap indie game, then keep looking, because this isn't cheap."
,Not Recommended,281610,20778586,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,CMX,"Having been a long time fan of the franchise and reading some of the inital reviews from ""professional"" reviewers I was excited and broke my rule of not buying full price games when they just come out. That feels like a bit of a mistake now.While I enjoyed the story and had fun playing the game I completed it on normal difficulty in under eight hours. That was taking my time too, I was a little too cautious on several missions which in hindsight I could have beat with a small force. Once you got a decent fleet put together you can own everything pretty easily.For $50 I just feel like there is not enough meat here to justify that cost. I would recommend this game at $20-$25 but it is not up to the standards of most of the other games you can get in this price range.For me to recommend it at $50 I would like to see a much more envolved campaign more, different more challenging missions. More of a flushed out story, while I enjoyed the general story line it feels like the cliff notes version and could do with having more details flushed out."
76561197967388127,Not Recommended,281610,20781643,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,tihs,"overpriced, rushed, single themed, lacking content and buggySP is a joke of a campaign, short with dumb AI and on top of that you really use no startegy at all beacuse the game tells you what to do, and how to do it at the same time, those few times when you are left with an option to chose be sure both those choices have exactly same consequences, which is some more dumb AI coming into your meatgrinder.I don't even bother to try MP untill they fix control issues at high ampFrom how this bussiness works now I just can't wait to find out i gotta pay for the next patch !If You are a fan of Homeworld series go back to your library and play Remastered. Only thing You buying here is a short novel, worth as much as an expedition guide they try to sell along."
76561198015166356,Not Recommended,281610,20780644,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,nreyes14,"Great graphics, but the camera and gameplay did it in for me."
,Not Recommended,281610,20807873,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Shadygraves,"bad AI, not a lot of content, can't skip cut scenes (very frustrating)"
,Not Recommended,281610,35115022,Posted: 21 September,all,FiveFingers,"This game is poor. I regret to have bought it.It seems assembled with Unity in too few time, with too few optimizations and care to detail.Units are few, campaign is borin and short.The idea is good, but is not so well implemented.From something with the Homeworld license I expected something epic, but the narration as well as the story are really boring. Gimme homeworld back!"
76561198173195785,Not Recommended,281610,23988594,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,citizen.byzantine,"Its a very esthetically pleasing game wrapped up in a nice and fun rts. However im not going to recommend it due to some performance problems. I played it with a gtx 1080 and i was getting some very weird fps drops and stuttering and as i read other with high end rigs have been having the same problems. Please fix, its a shame to let it in this state."
,Not Recommended,281610,28623535,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tooway™,"Looks like a fun game will def play it through, but it is getting a negative score for missing the easiest function, can't skip cutscenes, when they fix this, I will change this to a positive review and go more in-depth with game features...."
76561198276961385,Not Recommended,281610,29262111,Posted: 14 January,all,lesgknight,"More freedom to collect before you move on, and not long enough."
76561198267741320,Not Recommended,281610,28269221,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,lovechld2000,this game doesn't have multi sreen support on mac
76561198014094228,Not Recommended,281610,30234285,Posted: 27 February,all,jawells533,"I'm going to say no because a few basic controls were misisng and the controls that are there are more difficult to navigate then the previous homeworld games. One completely missing feature is the ability to set formations ie your slowest unit will determine how quickly a group will move. Considering some of the faster units are completly useless against certain enemies they get slaughtered while your slower units, more capable ones against those enemies, are way behind. Construciton and research menus don't make any sense in navigating not compared to before. Its just dumb in my opinion."
76561198149508706,Not Recommended,281610,23871461,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GordonMcallister,"Very basic RTS, maps are asthetically pleasing, however both sides only have 10 different units, and the gameplay seems more mini-game than grand strategy as the original Homeworld.  I was not pleased with this game, even for 50% off, istant refund."
76561198022308519,Not Recommended,281610,24479683,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,gmadmax08,boring !... zzzzz
,Recommended,281610,20733229,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nomad,"Desserts of Kharak is a cooking game about exploring alien cuisine.Its a solid title, with descent somewhat fast-paced gameplay. If you are not a big fan of Homeworld lore, I'd say wait for a sale.7/10."
76561197967643101,Not Recommended,281610,28329129,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DonkeyJockey,"This game is amazing. Why the negative review? Because they charge you for the lore that used to come included with the game. No joke. Check out the $6 ""Deserts of Kharak Expedition Guide"" O_o"
76561197999984758,Not Recommended,281610,30571823,Posted: 17 March,all,rtxlena,"I admit, the game was fun while it worked, and did like it enough initially to buy the extras. However, some of the game mechanics were frustrating. I played on a upper spec-ed macbook pro, and if the cursor ever went to the top of the screen, the mac menu bar from FINDER would pop-up, interfering with gameplay. More significantly, after the first campaign level, every mission after that would have unexpected crashes, meaning I had to save mulitple times within a mission to make sure I didn't lose progress after the next crash. The number of times the game would crash was rediculous, even after the most recent update did not fix it like I was hoping for. I'm now typing this up before I unistall the game, bc it has been that much of a disappointment.Due to the crashes, this game might be worth only one play-through... if it's on sale and you want a Homeworld I & II universe without the complexities of epic space combat."
76561197971988129,Not Recommended,281610,20827018,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Maniac86,"Ill say up front, I want to love this game.The multiplayer is quick, fun yet still tactical. (Though could use plenty more maps and better AI for skirmish mode)The single player mode is atmospheric, in depth and gives me that same sense of wonder and being alone as the original did.The graphics are amazing, full of little detailed, nothing like seeing the dust clouds as a group of AAVs nearly jump over the crest of the sand dune, hit the ground with a satisfying thunk, and open fire into the flank of an enemy attack group.That all being said,Its buggy as hell at timesI have a consistent repeatble complete system crash at the end of mission 5 during the unskippable cutscene. I run the game maxed out on my 980ti, the temps never get high and i dont see FPS drop.But a game shoudl not SHUT OFF my video card when crashing."
,Not Recommended,281610,20657745,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,☠mankey☠,"I really wish i could like this game but i just dont. When they say prequal to other homeworld games they really mean it, game is so limiting, both teams are pretty much the same with different skins, very few vehicles, 0 unique vehicles to each faction and only like 5 MP maps.They have gone the route of most new RTS and just dumbed things down and simply they have made a boring game that is a just a replica of most other current RTS."
,Not Recommended,281610,20650661,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Alexandrus,"While the campaign is very atmospheric with great visuals and voice acting, I'm not sold on this one, as it feels to me like unit variety is way too low, with three types of direct combat ground units, three air units, and 3 support combat units.Refunding this one, but might pick it up again at a later date if and when on sale."
,Not Recommended,281610,25368165,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mees,"Sucks and nothing like the first two homeworld games.  The lack of the ability to pause the game then issue commands kills the game for me. I like to pause, set an action then zoom the camera to watch the gameplay, cant do that with Kharak due to everything being real time. You often dont even have time to assign groups.like I said, sucks and playing it was like work."
76561197966839669,Not Recommended,281610,20771209,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,shadowman,"I expected a lot more from these people. Being a fan of HW, Relic and RTS games all I would say is that it's a good game, but not what it should have been.The original HW was flawless in so many ways, this game is just average in everything."
76561197992364510,Not Recommended,281610,20698903,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Talena,"Pros:- story feels like homeworld (but lacks fresh ideas)- overall homeworld look and feelCons:- NO PAUSE to issue commands - and this is why I cannot recommend it as a ""strategy"" game- missing animations for docking etc.- weak AI- gameplay changed to an action RTS (you build a lot of units and throw them at enemy waves)- research too fast (doesn't feel like a hard earned reward)- campaign too short (13 missions)People who like fast paced RTS might like this title - real strategy gamers expect something more."
76561198070001415,Not Recommended,281610,20693538,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,kevinjacobgalea,"This game could be described as a reskinning of homeworld. That would  be ok, but i find certainMechanics and elements lacking making the overall gaming experiance a bit of a let down.For example....1. You cant skip certain  cut  scenes making replaying difficult missions a drag2. Game load time is slow, even on very fast dedicated games machine3. Game path is linear, certain events are triggered regardless of whats happening making the completion of objectives difficult.4. The controls are not as sophisticated as homeworld. For example you cant queue your build order when you dont have minerals.5. Not sure how intelligent the units ai is. In homeworld units would attack the appropriate units they were meant to counter.6. You dont have the option to restart the mission from the beginning until you fail the missionHavnt played multiplayer yet,Maybe after some updates or dlc releases the game will live upto the original, right now it dosent."
,Not Recommended,281610,20699939,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Denaut,"I highly recommend against getting this game.It is boring, easy, has the most basic uninteresting gameplay.  The controls are absolutely terrible and constantly get in the way.  The story isn't uninspired, has terrible voice acting, and utterly lacks tension. The shipbreaking mechanic crosses past pointless into annoying, and nothing gameplay wise happens in the campaign.I Alt-F4ed the game just now in frustration because half my army got wiped out DURING THE CINEMATIC of a group of enemies appearing. The game feels exactly like an RTS made in 1999, and not in a good way. There is just so much more they could have done, and so many concepts they could have borrowed from games that came later.  I'd say the only good thing about it is the music."
76561198059046941,Not Recommended,281610,21549946,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,youmadson,actually quite a boring game! I spent money on this and within hours I got very bored! I also found it incrediably hard in some parts! I dont understand how you coulkd enjoy this
76561197994577663,Recommended,281610,20646993,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Trianqboi,fun cheese boy game xx
76561197992801299,Not Recommended,281610,20671978,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Transformagraphagizer,"After the nostalgia wore off, I refunded. The engine looks like the HW1 engine. It's not 1999 anymore guys, that ain't gonna cut it. Level design is uninspired. Can't get away with that in a 2d ground based game like you can in a 3d one with the majesty of SPAAAACE to make up for it. Combat is incredibly shallow since they took away tactics AND formations. Also sand-carriers are lame, sorry.+3 for hot cutscenes+3 music+2 voiceovers-1 level design-3 combat-1 1999 engine3/10"
76561197960809029,Not Recommended,281610,23788641,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xaero,"This game is not very good for MultiPlayer... and the game over all is very very limited, Maps are soo very small.... Lacking in the number of units, resource minning is stupid and the research and production system totally sucks... this game is just like Supreme Commander 2 all over again.... they did everything wrong in both games....I have Requested a refund......."
76561197993648038,Not Recommended,281610,21121300,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Murdershy,"Dont let the name fool you. This is not Homeworld in any way. It is a shallow, barebones mimic that feels incomplete and really is not worth the money. It may change in the future but honestly this is a Beta game at best."
76561197989325763,Recommended,281610,31156453,Posted: 15 April,all,rdcldcom,very good
76561198131612537,Not Recommended,281610,20702325,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,THE REAL AMERICAN,its terrible and dont buy it you will waste your money the rail gun bs is high you cna win any game if you have 50 railguns before the 3 min mark
,Not Recommended,281610,20720624,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Why Bother Living,"Pros: expedition guide, cinematics/story, visualsCons: everything elseI really want to like this game, I kept giving it a chance, and I will probably continue to do so becasue im a sentimental idiot about homeworld 1 and 2. But there are too many little things keeping it from being good. As it is, it can be enjoyable at times, but it is no homeworld.The unit control is terrible. Airstrikes are easily wasted at no fault of the player - they almost made air units work in a cool way, but they didnt pull it off by what I can only assume is laziness. You can't even save groups for air units - once they dock to reload, any grouping is gone, so you either have to waste a lot of time whenever you launch something, or let the ai waste their single shot on whatever they see first.Units get stuck on each other. Units have to be babied or else they will get stuck behind hills, potentially not contributing to a fight at all. There is no way to control what formation your units take, and there is no way to move a formation to face the way you want it, meaning your guys will run in one at a time in a line rather than as a wall unless you take a ton of time to set them up manually every single time you want them to move together correctly. Also, if you have units of different speeds in a formation (so more than one type of unit at all), they dont match the slowest speed, but instead rush in one unit type at a time rather than as a full force. Combat often boils down to an ugly point blank mess within seconds regardless of what you do, usually resulting in the bigger force winning. There is a way to make it feel like combat is random and frantic and unpredictable, and I doubt that is what they were going for here but regardless it doesnt work.Also everything is extremely rock-paper-scissorsy, and not in a good subtle way like the previous homeworlds. The way damge is handled and how this-unit-ALWAYS-beats-that-unit feels more like starcraft or command and conquer, or some old 2d rts. That type of game may have its place, but I dont feel that place should be in the homeworld series.The camera sucks. You can't rotate or zoom at the same time, or rotate and move, etc. When you rotate, it doesnt keep your mouse position where you left it, so if you rotate ~45 degrees, youll be on the edge of the screen when you let off, making you pan, which gets really annoying really fast. Also, as far as im concerned, the camera doesnt zoom out far enough without going into the sensor overlay mode. The entire game feels too close nomatter what is happening. It feels like someone copy-pasted some crap code off a unity rts camera tutorial and said ""good enough"" becasue suckers like me would buy it, and paid youtube dumbasses would sell it to people who have never heard of homeworld.There is no mod support as far as I can tell, though I havent looked into it much. Considering how well Gearbox did with the remasted version of Homeworld 1 and 2 and implimented the steam workshop, its kind of lame they didnt do the same here.Multiplayer is extremely limited, and the AI is horrendous so dont even worry about skirmish.Unlike the rest of the game, the story and cinematics are very well done and are what you'd expect from a homeworld title. The visuals give a feeling remnicent of homeworld 1 and 2 despite being in a desert and on the ground, and were often the only reason I remembered I was playing a homeworld title at times. Also a big plus is the expedition guide, which goes into detail about the history of Kharak, and its really nicely set up.Despite all the problems, it can be fun at times, but it's the same enjoyment that can come from any generic game. There is way too much getting in the way of it living up to its title, which is a shame becasue the potential is there."
76561198012913500,Not Recommended,281610,25139585,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,birrhan,Clunky controls and capricious AI make this game too difficult to enjoy.
76561198021091814,Not Recommended,281610,20676015,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,zhangliao322,"the graphic is so awful,dont have its' own characters,not recommend"
,Recommended,281610,32913808,Posted: 27 June,all,Fleet Commander Ramzan S'jet,Excellent game.
76561198094234679,Not Recommended,281610,23858514,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,alexvegner,"OSX, company crush each 40 minutes, any suggestion how to prevent it?"
76561198000466477,Not Recommended,281610,23916535,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sisqo102,"The game seems poorly optimized. Running a gtx 1080 and i7 6700k the performance is very choppy and stutters often.  60 fps to start which seems nice but later the game handles poorly as more and more units are added to the screen. Luckily I noticed this by trying out skirmish mode 3v3 before the 2 hour mark. Sadly I decided to refund it rather than put up with it.It's a shame because I really wanted to like this game, and otherwise the gameplay was fun enough and the game looks pretty great."
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,281610,28946558,Posted: 2 January,all,johnni777,Bad bad game really annnoying cant recommend it to anyone
76561198041206628,Recommended,281610,28674843,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tetnacious,Masterpiece
,Not Recommended,281610,23974094,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DugDynasty,"Okay, this is game is disappointing. Uninspired units, sub-par voice acting, and the story is all but entertaining. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,281610,24006183,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,mixed_mutt88,"I thought I would love this game but it is super boring. Literally all the same units with a few different maps and that is all, nothing inuitive nothing interesting."
,Not Recommended,281610,28636984,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ze,Deserted no multiplayer
76561197976225811,Recommended,281610,26807404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,soulbash,Recommended.
,Recommended,281610,33505380,Posted: 13 July,all,Sooty,good gæm
76561197980903354,Not Recommended,281610,20779426,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dire,"I enjoyed this game, but if you are new to the series, I can't recommend given the price-to-content ratio.Definately captures the feel of Homeworld... The graphics, UI and cutscenes are true to HW. The game also makes good use of the 2D aspect. Introduces carrier-borne aircraft to add more dimension as well.Campaign is good and sizeable (10hrs?), although being a prequel you should know whats going to happen, and there really aren't any surprises. Even the 'big twist' is completely obvious if you've been paying any attention to the dialogue.Unfortunately has little content upon release... Only 5 maps. 2x2-player, 2x4-player and 1x6-player. Unit selection feels a little small, and even the heaviest non-carrier units die very quickly if properly countered.The game also has completely braindead AI that is only capable of throwing endless waves of units into your meatgrinder. It can't even build up a significant force, it just spams you with small groups of units.I hope they add more FREE content to this game. They have created a good base game here, but it has no longevity. If they are simply going to leave it to the modders to extend its lifespan, then the asking price should not be nearly so high."
76561197993029314,Not Recommended,281610,30001445,Posted: 17 February,all,ReturnOfTheHour,"Initially a great game, the campaign was in line with the homeworld feel and a great story but it was short and very simple. I was expecting there would be another ark of story in the campaign with another race of enemy but sadly no.After that there was no point in playing anymore.The multiplayer/skirmish has no replayability after a couple of games because; the cap limit is 125, no mod support, barely any configuration of game settings/units etc, you cant capture enemy units anymore and the units have been changed for the worse over the campaign. Such an downward turn after the caimpaign it was very dissapointing.This is a good game and campaign for $15-20 but no more as all you really get is a good but short campaign. Not recommended unless it comes down a lot in price or gets mod support or updated significantly."
,Not Recommended,281610,20659156,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Elliediaz,Homeworld and Conqure: Twilight
,Not Recommended,281610,20655739,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RUNEK,"I might change my review later on. Campain is pretty cool, good voice acting nice cinematics amd good enough story to keep you playing till the end. My problem is the little multiplayer content and at launch i wasent able to find any multiplayer games. Until they fix this issue for me and add more maps i cant say its worth its cost.Dont get me wrong the graphics is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!! The game handles and operates easier than space Homeworld for me(less camera movement) but i just feel if they dont add content quick this game will become stale. Think there is 5 multiplayer map.... With 2 factions only. (I dont mind the factions) and 3 game modes...Public lobby dont have a refreshbutton....Im sure my review will turn to a positive very soon! I have faith that future patches will make this game epic."
,Not Recommended,281610,25531205,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Hunt3r,No tactical pause in this game. Single player must have it.Disappointed
76561198088375002,Not Recommended,281610,25300106,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Commander Aetheron,"I played the tutorial, watched the story and had a hard time with the controls. So I went to change them in the options.....only to find that you CAN'T REBIND KEYS.This is essential for players who can't adapt to controls, and who have a hard time with RTS games.The controls are largely clunky and unplayable. Utterly ridiculous.The game looks and feels pretty solid otherwise, but to get my like this MUST be fixed."
76561198013547396,Not Recommended,281610,33470245,Posted: 11 July,all,Alexandra Moldovia,"I really wanted to love this game, but I honestly can't... no tactical pause (As in you can't give orders while paused) no ability to stay on a map to build forces and get all resources, and bugs that are still there from Launch.  All of this adds up to one pile of regret."
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,281610,20663634,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,To few content :( . Normal RTS game .....
,Not Recommended,281610,32748240,Posted: 24 June,all,headcrabbed,The camera sucks and the gameplay is boring.
76561198013078983,Recommended,281610,23759154,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,AngryViking,not the best review - but epic game
,Not Recommended,281610,33470691,Posted: 11 July,all,Achillezzz,Tried it - didn't like it. I loved homeworld but trying a ground based RTS with a moveable carrier (eh what?). Just seems a bit ridiculous. Why don't they fly to the area where the relic is? It's all quite odd.
76561198010465191,Not Recommended,281610,31668545,Posted: 10 May,all,sanga.collins,"I have upgraded graphics cards twice since this game came out. Right now I have a GTX 1050Ti. The game is still unplayable. Frame rate drops and audio artifacts anytime anything happens on the screen. :(I don't know if its Nvidia bug or a unity engine issue as some claim, all I can say is buyer beware. A high potential game ruined because of technical issues!"
76561197995279064,Not Recommended,281610,27639522,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,martyn.oliver,"Difficult to not recommend but....No tactical pause just spoils the experience for me, RTS's with enemies attacking at multiple points just means you lose a grip of what's going on. There is a menu pause but that is literally it, you can't scroll the battlefield from there, can't organise your forces, can't co-ordinate your attacks or defences. It's a really bad omission, real-time but no strategy.Great graphics, interesting story, nice mechanics all spoilt by having no time to savour the experience. Click, click, click...Group 1 under attack, group 6 under attack, carrier under attack...just relentless.Such a shame."
76561198032323815,Recommended,281610,33472115,Posted: 11 July,all,Uncle Rukus,Fantastic!
,Not Recommended,281610,28111603,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sokolov,Unskippable cutscenes.
,Recommended,281610,33446937,Posted: 10 July,all,Power Clit,"Now this is a good game. 10/10 artwork, story, graphics, gameplay."
76561198008020310,Not Recommended,281610,20815607,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,TopMoistii,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME...yet. Or maybe do. But read this first.There are some serious performance issues.I have a 3.6 quad, GTX 970, and 16 gb of ram and after hours of tweaks and ""fixes"" I am still getting 10 - 20 fps on lowest settings. My rig should be crushing this game.This issue only pops up when battles start getting larger. So if you buy this game and start playing the campaign, you won’t run into this until it is too late to return it.Alot of people are having this problem and the ""fixes"" are not working.I recommend waiting to see if these issues are resolved.ORBuying it, firing up a big skirmish right away to see if you are affected by the unplayable FPS issues plaguing some people. That way you can still return it and buy it again later if the issues are fixed.Seems like devs are starting to catch wise to this issue, hoping they come out with a fix.Before the game♥♥♥♥♥♥itself, its was pretty cool."
,Recommended,281610,26461744,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GamingWolf,Is gud.
76561198052262271,Not Recommended,281610,29980578,Posted: 17 February,all,chomer,I so much wanted to like this.  Just standard dumb AI that they make up for by throwing unending spawns at you. It just becomes a click fest. Things don't even spawn from logical directions that the enemy could be. Just what is convienient for what it is scripted to do.
76561197981987030,Not Recommended,281610,22639565,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Joe.Werly,I expected more...
76561197994155653,Not Recommended,281610,32791968,Posted: 25 June,all,Dick Brannigan,Game breaking bug in 3rd mission that will not allow you to advance.
76561198026943326,Not Recommended,281610,20652959,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Raziel,I've requested a refund :(I wanted to love the game but it had some constant crashing issues and I have a well specced computer for gaming.  I'm sure they can fix this in a patch later but 40 bucks for a buggy game isn't for me.  I will definately buy it in 6 months when it goes on sale because I love the homeworld series but not for 40 or 50.
,Not Recommended,281610,33481124,Posted: 12 July,all,Chumprock,"YOU CANNOT RE-BIND KEYS.As much as I loved the Homeworld series, this is an unforgivable travesty. Refund requested."
76561198032297729,Not Recommended,281610,27986251,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hobgoblin,The game has no tacktical pause.
,Not Recommended,281610,25944335,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mirage,"It's like a poor mans Homeworld.The fact that it crashes after every. single. map in the campaign does not help either.3/10, would not buy again."
76561198191550054,Not Recommended,281610,28890604,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,fakeangelss,less fun compared with the original game.
76561198001914772,Not Recommended,281610,32084012,Posted: 31 May,all,Hawk Firestorm,Boring as hell not homeworld game at all.So if your after Homeworld 3 your out of luck.
,Not Recommended,281610,30723124,Posted: 25 March,all,Evil Saturn,"Unity engine is the worst thing for playing something dynamic, like RTS.On my 2500k@4500Mhz + geforce 1070 +16Gb Ram it lags all the time.The game itself is atmospheric, but too shot. And has a very ugly method of using global map with very low camera position on tactic map.Time for loading the game on my config with SSD is too high, so, you need too play fair and forget for save-load tactic. Most of cutscenes cant be skiped, and when you replaying mission for 4-5 times, its very annoying."
76561198032282758,Not Recommended,281610,30353117,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,Meh
,Not Recommended,281610,28007985,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[PRX] Jerrak,"As far as strategy simulation games go, this is a crappy movie. You can't even skip the horribly long-winded and incorrect buzz-word filled dialog. ""The gate is full aperture, she's all yours captain."" What? I'm driving the gate now? C'mon."
76561198006919919,Not Recommended,281610,20651110,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Snudrid,You can not change controls. What if i like to move camera with WASD instead of arrows? Developers dont care.
,Not Recommended,281610,23837177,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,๖ۣۜMagic๖ۣۜMark,"It was kinda fun in the start but i refunded it because first off, i thought it was a base-building RTS, well mistake by me second it was very fun in the start but then it got boring very quickly i think, so it was just not my cup of tea i guess"
76561198112681038,Not Recommended,281610,25140926,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jsa1148,game sucks do not spend the money until the game is improved...no clear instructions on how to play. want my money back
76561198005215786,Not Recommended,281610,20648794,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,WollieG,"After playing 3 missions in campaign and also a skirmish mission, i must say i am very very disappointed.1. Very little different troop types, i mean really about 14 units in game.2. Unit limit of 125 and then you have to build these stupid pods to give you more troops up to 125 which the enemy keeps on destroying.3. You can only harvest with 2 harversters at a time on a harvest spot.4. 5 skirmish maps, reallly??? i mean come on and then the biggest one is 6 player and small at that as well.5. Not a lot of research and not even enough money on map to even research everything.6. Choppy graphics especially in the cutscenes, i mean really, i have a GTX970 G1 Gaming card and choppy. I play Witcher III on full graphics and not choppy.7. Controls are crap and when units close together it keeps on selecting just the one and you have to select all just to select the one you really wanted. Not good at all.8. Cannot even save in a skirmish, so if i must go after playing for hours in a skirmish, then i must either leave the pc on or just abandon the game. What a crap scaled down version from what Homeworld used to be.This is a scaled down version of what Homeworld was and then at $50 price tag as well. This is maybe worth $25.Go play Homeworld Remastered or buy something else.I am really not happy and was waiting for this game hoping to be as homeworld. This whole game feels scaled down with so few troop variety and unit limit. In Homeworld i did not really feel the unit limit because there was so many diffirent troop types and just felt bigger.Wait for a bargain.I feel like refunding this game."
76561197970451076,Not Recommended,281610,27334103,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oatmeal,No 21:9 support. Game looks like crap on my monitor.
,Not Recommended,281610,20653637,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Storm,another♥♥♥♥♥ass rank system that places you against top teir players. i'd like to sort of ease in to high level play but welp.
76561197996426673,Not Recommended,281610,23910930,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bucaneiro,"after 40 minutes, tooo many chit chat i can't keep playing, you had you chance and you lost it.too many cut scenes too little action at the beginning of the game, i want my money and time back."
76561198040265218,Not Recommended,281610,32608123,Posted: 20 June,all,atrox2045,MOD IN A TACTICAL PAUSE!!!! without it it is worthless.
76561197973392158,Not Recommended,281610,22789312,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vylon,"High price, and the dlc spam... shame on you. Just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,281610,30069032,Posted: 20 February,all,Barbie Bitch,-Can't skip cinematics-Can't change any controls-Can't zoom out properlyThis game has 0 effort behind it what so ever.
76561198029056632,Not Recommended,281610,23105244,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Shaggy,Unique concept that was ruined by the poor user interface.
,Not Recommended,281610,20648148,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Constantine,"Having played a lot of Homeworld with its finelly tuned control scheme, H:DoK control scheme surely is not. Right clicking puts the mouse in view mode rather than interpreting it as a move order. Control-dragging often results in a selection rather than an attack box. The alt-click and alt-drag to focus from HW is sorely missed, instead click F to focus on selected unit(s) together with a hit-and-miss selection function (it is more difficult to select units than one should expect from an RTS.- Story is fine so far.- Graphics (except the lo-res stuttering cut scenes used sometimes instead of game engine cutscenes) is what I expected and wanted from the HW devs and art directors.- Sounds and music are as good as HW.- Controls are so irky, quirky and sub par, I don't want to ruin my experience by continuing until the game has been patched. I hope it's not a Unity engine issue but only an unfinished, untuned release.In the state the game is now and for the current asking price I unfortunately cannot recommend the game. I got everything I expected except from the control scheme that is neither up to HW nor RTS standards.Will come back after a patch or two though and promise to change my No to a Yes. I wan't to believe ;)"
76561198125566424,Not Recommended,281610,23617446,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Windoze,"It became availiable on Mac?Just found the ""Install"" button is clickable under Mac, but it downloaded 0 bytes and told me the game is ready while of cause it's not..."
76561198032747107,Not Recommended,281610,20671884,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,The unknown builder.,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT WILL CRASH YOUR PC WITH A BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH FOR JUST SITTING IN YOUR LIBRARY.
,Not Recommended,281610,31461236,Posted: 30 April,all,ĹǬŘĐ ǬƑ ἎŞǤÃŘĐ,TBH it's not fun
76561198007912255,Not Recommended,281610,23627553,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SirisQ,all the hype about the game sucking for varius reasons is true. it was really disapointing. i love home world too
,Not Recommended,281610,32783708,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,I hate the idea. I hate the concept. I mean tracked or wheeled space ships ? COME ON. This isnt even creative. Homeworld with the space fighting removed.
76561198060962594,Not Recommended,281610,23782066,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Doc Motrin,wasnt that impressed
76561198059260070,Not Recommended,281610,20653581,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wkalbe,no pause too game
76561197987248579,Not Recommended,281610,26169272,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Himmelvandrer,"This is pure nostalgia.It totaly reminds me of the mid 90ies, Deserts of Kharak is by far the best chat progam you can buy.You usualu spends hours whaiting to join a multiplayer game, there is a lott of chating going on while waiting.There are no multiplayer servers due to regional lock - Do not buy this game."
76561198011993810,Not Recommended,281610,33326262,Posted: 6 July,all,Dark Knight 7,What A Load Of Crap Dont Buy Save Your Money
,Not Recommended,281610,20651570,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Draco,It's just not Homeworld.
76561198033497051,Not Recommended,281610,27377101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jessica,Terrible
,Not Recommended,281610,20658310,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Velocity_,refund/10. I was more dissapointed than my girlfriend in bed.
76561198306134461,Not Recommended,281610,23353802,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Her0Zer0,"Won't zoom with a touchpad and purchased this game specifically to play on my new Razer Blade.  No way to change this setting and in general, remapping keys requiring the editing of a text file is beyond lame.  I tried a bit and the game seems like a decent RTS but without zoom on the laptop touchpad, I have no use for this game.  And of course, doesn't seem like any way to get a refund.  Pass on this"
76561198007927534,Not Recommended,281610,26420363,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,orcy,just avoid this game.
76561197967795441,Recommended,281610,21443947,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,phasemaster,"When I first loaded upHomeworld: Deserts of Kharakand dove into the first mission, I knew it felt right within seconds. The technical sci-fi unit chatter was there, the strategic overlay was a familiar blue with helpful unit icons, and my fleet was setting off into the emptiness ofspacethe desert.DoKis a love song to the original 1999Homeworldin all of the best ways.  Although I found myself missing the Z-axis, the rest of the Homeworld formula remained quite intact--from the strike/armored/ranged/cruiser unit types to the versatile camera movement. It also speaks to the fluid controls that I was able to play the entire game easily with a Steam Controller :)The story inDoKalso does a great job of mirroring the great continuity that was present from mission to mission in vanillaHomeworld.  You are not jumping around the planet/galaxy on various missions like in aStarcraftorC&Cgame--it is just your fleet on a long, difficult journey.  And true to the 1999 original's legacy, your fleet persists from mission to mission, so units left alive at the end of a battle are able to continue on in the campaign (now with helpful veterancy bonuses).One place where I was a little disappointed was with the difficulty ofDoK.  Although the campaign's strong narrative does a good job of making youfeela sense of urgency, I found that I was able to take losses and keep going way more than I could in the originalHomeworld--even on Hard difficulty.  This lack of extreme difficulty also made the game effectively shorter for me (17 hours for the campaign) than its 1999 brother, even though I think the number of campaign missions was comparable.The easier difficulty could be partly due to lulls in the fighting that allow ample time for your salvagers to hoover up every last resource in the AO--a tactic that was essential in 1999Homeworld--so I was rarely wanting for resources.  But I really only found myself sweating before I had built up a fleet in some of the early missions, and in a couple cases where my fleet was not available on account of some smaller scale missions.But I have a fix for these gripes.  I was not planning on getting theHomeworld: Remastered Collectionbefore; butDoKhas left me so thirsty for the brand of storytelling that has been true of all of theHomeworldgames that I cannot resist grabbing the Remaster at this point."
,Recommended,281610,21514345,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Etheras,"A somewhat-unconventional take on the RTS genre, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is an interesting new installment into the Homeworld franchise from the writers who brought you the original Homeworld. I enjoyed it immensely, but then again, I am a bit of a strategy game fanboy, so I tend to give a little extra credit to strategy games. Keep that in mind if you're on-the-fence.The GoodGRAPHICS : The graphics are spectacular. Nice high-poly units, great animations on the missiles and machine-guns. But beyond anything else; holy crap the volumetric smoke and dust clouds are better than I've seen in any other gameever. Check my screenshot library to see what I mean. Explosions too are very compelling.STYLE : The art style is absolutely breathtaking. With the middle-eastern inspired music, that also really helps to set itself apart. The people all in their gasmasks and the massive-scale everything (even the smallest vehicles are crazy-big), and the look of giant carriers rolling across the desert - brilliant!STORY : It has an interesting military sci-fi feel, with all the big carriers being named, the map locations being named, a very interesting enemy force - radical zealots protecting anomalies in the desert, while wearing creepy gas mask things but enjoying technology far greater than your own group.CUTSCENES : Fully-rendered cutscenes between each level that are absolutely gorgeous.ENVIRONMENT : I heard complaints (specifically from Total Biscuit, whom I highly respect) about the lack of terrain variety. I must disagree on this one. Its true that all of the levels are desert, but that's sort-of important to the story. Also - I'd like to see the practicality of giant rolling carriers in, say, a jungle. Good luck with that. But regardless... Its all deserts, but there are a great variety of deserts. Some have big sandy dunes, others have rocky chasms and plateaus, others are mining areas filled with derelicst and holes, and you even have a desert city level.2D MAPS : This is probably blasphemy to consider this a plus for a Homeworld game, but I really disliked the 3D combat of Homeworld. I found it difficult to control, and difficult to judge distances. Deserts of Kharak solves that problem by simply removing the 3rd dimension, which really simplifies the UI and makes it easier to enjoy the game.The BadGAMEPLAY IN-GENERAL : Controls aren't very tight. Part of this is due, I think, to an attempt to simulate real-world physics in the movement of the units. However, they are all incredibly sluggish.UNIT AI : I realize that this is a hard thing to do, and I gripe about it a lot, but AI can be the difference between victory and defeat. And is also the most common reason for me to shout at the screen when its being stupid. So - in this game, the units aren't very good at retreating. You tell a cruiser to get to the back of the line for repairs, and it does a 3-point turn like a student driver (that is: like an 8 point turn). Other units coming up to replace said damaged unit proceed to ram into it, preventing it from getting to the back line. They get stuck. Meanwhile, the unit is still taking damage, and eventually dies, even though it had at least an order of magnitude more time than it needed to get to the repair area.NO MINIMAP : I realize this is homeworld, so they wanted to utilize the spacebar tactical screen mechanic, but a minimap would be helpful. Since this is a 2D world-scape, there's no reason not to have one.KINDA BUGGY : Especially multiplayer. During one game, I was not given the ability to ever increase my unit cap. Obviously this put me at a massive disadvantage. Another game, the guy mining RUs continued to mine (I could see the number going down), but it was not being added to my inventory. Then BOOM all at once I get like 200 RU. Finally, the physics are a little wonky sometimes. I had two  occasions where my carrier actually flew up off the ground, flipped around, and was doing all kinds of crazy acrobatics. Both times it eventually settled back down.PRICE : Sort-of the elephant in the room. The game is not long. There's probably only about 10-12 missions in the campaign. The multiplayer also has maybe 10 maps, but the weakness in gameplay probably won't foster a long-term multiplayer experience. Like the original homeworld, its the story that really sells this game, so you need to weigh the price against the length of the campaign. I personally would say that $60 (which is how much I paid), it a bit steep. I think $20-$25 is probably a better price point.ConclusionDeserts of Kharak is a fun but flawed extension on the Homeworld franchise. Perhaps this means we will be getting more of them? I do suspect that the short length of the primary campaign may be a sign that there are DLCs in the works. If that's the case, it might be worth waiting until an Ultimate Edition (considering the price). But for us rich gamers who don't mind paying top-dollar for an enjoyable experience - I'd give Homeworld Deserts of Kharak a 7/10 .Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,281610,22208022,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nova,Fun game. Never found a single Multiplayer game ever. Shame.
76561198057676120,Not Recommended,281610,22206592,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Heretek,"I love the feel of this game, the story, the atmosphere, the gameplay.But it's lacking things lesser games have in abundance, namely crash stability, maps, factions, and a solid multiplayer. This applies to singleplayer skirmish as well.I can only recommend to story players until the skirmish/multiplayer is improved. Hopefully without having to pay for it :/"
76561198066022578,Recommended,281610,22065040,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kikin,Homeworld lovers should feel right at home.I have enjoyed this game because of the ground based 'homeworld combat' dynamic.This is the perfect level of diffuculty for an experianced RTS gamer.
76561198006674215,Not Recommended,281610,22113180,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,grouchyhermit,Pro: Really fun gameplay. Great concept. Great Story.Cons: really short campaign.The campaign was WAAYYYY to short to justify the price of the game. Maybe once/if the mods get up and running and more maps are made I would be more likely to recommend.
76561198005576047,Recommended,281610,22220906,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Apocalypse Later,"I'm a little conflicted about this game.On one hand, the visuals are incredible.  The atmosphere of the battle comes to life breathtakingly, radio chatter between units is immersive and neat to hear, and there's hardly a single element that makes you feel like you're not on the harsh desert world of Kharak.  A+ job by the developers in this regard, the game looks incredible pretty much all the time.Unfortunately, the general UI is another story.  Unless you're a hotkey wizard (in which case you're most likely playing SCII and not this), then DoK's setup for building/researching anything could very well aggravate you.  Why they couldn't take classic Homeworld's UI and just make a couple of tweaks to it is beyond me, since that interface was easier to use by far.My other problem with DoK is the criminal lack of multiplayer/skirmish options.  While the AI is tough, there are no options for its behavior, and the Easy/Normal/Hard difficulty settings feel more like a wild♥♥♥♥♥guess than an actual indication of how the AI will play.  You also have no options for how many resources are in deposits, where players will spawn, or any kind of rush timer.  The whole thing just feels as if there isn't much meat on the bones.  Not to mention there's hardly any maps to play on.All of that being said, I do think this game has a ton of potential and would love to see it become more popular.  I recommend it, but NOT AT ITS CURRENT PRICE ($50).  Honestly that's over the mark this game sets by about $30.  Either wait for the price to drop, or for a huge sale."
76561197971900313,Recommended,281610,20668968,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Smurf-O-Pax,"It is a little bit short in playtime and the AI just sucks.Great graphics, great audio, a really nice story and it is fun to play.In my opinion one of the better RTS of the last years.If you liked Homeworld you should get it, it has the look and feel of a Homeworld game on a ground based environment. Great job.If you look for a Singleplayer RTS wait until it is cheaper, if you know what you are doing you need 6-10 hours to beat the Campaign. That's not much playtime for your money."
76561198028695846,Recommended,281610,22254481,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kohlidi,"this review is biased. im a huge homeworld fan.pros: +Homeworld+atmosphere and soundtrack.+maybe graphics.cons: -Gameplay is not that great or different like its predecessors. It feels like a C&C 4 homeworld mod rather than a homeworld game.-Story left many unanswered questions, and since i bought this game for its story, it kinda annoyed me.Long story short, i didnt liked it, but would buy it again. musics, views, narrative has the touch of homeworld. Only missing thing was Karan's sad voice."
76561198076156003,Recommended,281610,21363816,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,rferlau,"+ Enjoyable campaign, I like the interface for the most part.- Non-campaign pop cap is only 125, as compared to campaign's 200. AI somewhat predictable. Campaign could be longer. Could use more skirmish/multiplayer maps. Not a big fan of the turret defenses.Not sure if it's worth the full $49 at this point. Hopefully they will address the issues and/or lower the price. Tons of potential if they do add more content, increase pop, and/or adjust the price."
,Recommended,281610,21608428,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,hackbackwards,"I was a bit wary of this game, since the entire reason I enjoyed Homeworlds 1, 1.5, and 2 was due to, y'know, spaceships in space.However, as many others have said, this game somehow feels just like Homeworld, and is just as fun. Highly recommend it for any Homeworld fan."
,Recommended,281610,21774045,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,๖Scotty,Pretty good but not worth the price. Wait for a sale
,Recommended,281610,20665349,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Afroshade,Enjoying it now.
76561197966610664,Recommended,281610,21473333,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dayspring,"Firstly a disclaimer... I love the homeworld games. I played the original back in 98 and cant understand why this hasnt been a more successful line. I recently played the remastered versions of the originals and enjoyed them all over again and I have to say I enjoyed this too. The campaign has always been the Homeworld strong point, but like the originals they are frustratingly too short. Hopefully now they are on Steam, more missions will be added. The ending of DoK is very abrupt and cries for more story. The game mechanics are great and the amount of missions don't really let you explore each units special ablility but I'm hoping these are all available in the multiplayer which I dont have much experiance with yet.This really feels like it should be a beta realease with more content to come... fingers crossed."
76561198151208664,Recommended,281610,21574485,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,aidanmack,"Really good! A few missions I failed and had to start again on. Last mission is dead hard!15hrs to complete, Just a bit short really. Could of done with more missions for £30."
76561197988933166,Recommended,281610,21649003,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,icanhascoffee,"A word to the developers: Thank you. Not only for a beautiful game. You cannot imagine what it means to me at least, to see the Somtaaw insignia on the wreck of Khar-Toba. How unfortunate that the source codes of arguably the best game in the series is declared lost. We are waiting for a sequel. You know it. And please, next time don't forget the PAUSE button."
,Recommended,281610,21599603,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Critical Hit,"I've just purchased this game, I haven't put very much time into it but I can spot an amazing game when I see one. This game is fantastic. As a huge fan of the original Homeworld games, I was cautious about a Homeworld prequel game, especially given the fact that the game was being developed by someone other than the original developers, Relic. My fears appear to have been unfounded. What struck me immediately was the tone and feel of Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak. It's pitch perfect, completely reminicent of the original games. Everything, down to the music, effects and even the comm chatter between units...it's all so great. I've played 3 of the campaign missions thus far, and the gameplay is fantastic. Controls are smooth, intuitive, simple and easy to use. Combat requires a bit of strategy (for example, using terrain for a height advantage, using unit abilities to turn the tide of a battle) and it's challenging but for me the bottom line is always...is it fun? YES, yes it is. Given what I've seen thus far, I am so pleased that the Homeworld series appears to have risen from the dead. The series appears to be in the capable hands of Blackbird Interactive and Gearbox Software and if this game is any indication of what the future might hold...the future of Homeworld seems bright indeed. I'll likely update this review as I get further into the campaign and try out the Skirmish mode, but as of this moment I highly, highly recommend to anyone who loved the original Homeworld games or fans of RTS games in general. Go buy it!"
,Recommended,281610,20912100,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Waspus,"TL;DRGame is fun. Units are well thought out and the game is welcoming of many different strategies. Campaign could be longer, there could be more skirmish maps, but overall quite fun for any RTS fan.Long ReviewSome of the top reviews for this game are negative. I'm not sure what angle they're coming at the game or what their background on RTS games is, but I can assure you that if you're an RTS fan, especially if you're a Homeworld fan, you will enjoy this game.It plays very similar to Starcraft in terms of unit construction, resource gathering, giving orders to units and other aspects. If you're looking for a grand-scale RTS like Supreme Commander, Total War, Age of Empires / Mythology or anything like that, don't even consider this game. It's decidedly very small-scale.The main object of the gaim is centered around these giant, land-going aircraft carriers. We won't discuss the necessity of such a device, but the aim is to protect your own and destroy your enemy's. They have very high health but poor defense systems, and can be upgraded in a variety of ways by ""shunting"" power to their various systems, including weapons, armor and repairs.Next, you have small units, which are Salvagers, LAVs, and Baserunners. Salvagers gather resources, known as CUs and RUs, that allow you to construct new units and purchase upgrades for your existing ones. LAVs are your basic combat vehicle that can be upgraded to a miniscule extent over time, and Baserunners do a variety of things including deploying turrets, AA batteries, and collecting Artifacts, one of the objectives in Skirmish mode.Then you have your heavy vehicles. Missile batteries, railguns, and armored assault vehicles. I don't use these too much so the best extent I can describe them to is that they are simply more powerful, slower-moving LAVs.Next are your aerial vehicles; interceptors, gunships, and bombers. They are deployed from your aircraft carrier and all serve to attack ground targets. They move quickly and deal surprisingly high damage. They're actually a bit overpowered if you ask me.Finally, you have cruisers. Support cruisers, battlecruisers, assault cruisers and artillery cruisers. Support cruisers act as mobile drop-off points for resources, so they're good for resource gathering operations that are far away from your carrier, and the other three are basically giant, slow-moving attack vehicles that deal very high damage, especially to large groups.As I stated before, this game is very friendly towards many different strategies and playstyles. You can check out some gameplay videos on youtube, including ones that I may or may not put up in the future to get a better idea of the gameplay.The campaign is fun, if short, and offers a few new units and abilities that you can't get in Skirmish mode, namely different types of Baserunners with different abilities. The missions are all pretty much ""Move from this point to this point, fight off wave after wave of enemy, and collect resources along the way"". You do get to keep your constructed units and upgrades from mission to mission, so that's a nice touch.The story is interesting and the art is very nice too. Nobody plays RTS games for the graphics so I'll leave it at ""The art style is nice"". Some people in the reviews down below complained of stuttering, I haven't experienced that myself but I do have an absolute beast of a PC (980 Ti / 6700k) so exercise caution. Turning down the graphics if you have to really doesn't hinder your experience.The AI could stand to be better, I play on normal difficulty in both skirmish and campaign, and its strategy in skirmish mode anyway is to send wave after wave of Sandskimmers (Small, light attack vehicles) that are instantly dispatched by my cruisers.In all, this is a fun game, a bit lacking for the price but what can you do. I definitely recommend it, you will have fun whether you pay $6 or $60."
,Recommended,281610,20908271,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Desert Fox,Rewally good. Improves Homeworlds odd parts and makes the game really enjoyable!
76561198069472033,Recommended,281610,20919494,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,BrothaKurk,Very cool game. Love the campaign and the multiplayer seems promising. More maps and harder AI setting please!
,Recommended,281610,20894394,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,SPixel,This game is simply awesome! Love its prequel story!! Love its original gameplay style!!! Love every aspect of it!!!!
76561198099244824,Recommended,281610,20899471,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,James Arlwind,"Yet another example of why steam needs to introduce a ""Meh"" option. I'll grant this a positive review but only just.Pros:- Got all the feels of the original Homeworld (A game that deserves far more praise than it already gets): the music, the style, the fun; it's all there.- A great lore expansion from the already enormous universe.- Just as simple a contrustion mechanic as ever.- Two fascinating new, complete factions.Cons:- Rather dull designs for the new factions, each being practically identical except for the Carrier itself.- Slightly reptitive missions and CONSTANT lack of resources.- Doesn't even begin to match the scale of the originals both geographically and militarily.All in all, it is a good game, it just doesn't quite make the Homeworld name.Newcomers to the franchise and those strong enough to not think about the originals are going to love it.The rest of us however, are going to have to suffer the mild disappointment that comes with this new look on an ancient legend."
,Recommended,281610,20903453,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Pilot97_YT,"This Game here is by far my favorite RTS, and has great audio, as well s agreat story. I enjoyed the first game that was really good to play but now going onto the deserts of karack, this was the icing on the cake :DThe only issues I have with game it needs to be optimized, if they do it they will get a lot more great feedback, and will have a 10/10 from me!!"
76561197970487271,Recommended,281610,20903727,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,RedLine602,"Home world on the ground? At first I was a bit skeptical. But since I have loved the other Homeworld titles I got the pre-order. Jumped into the story and wow! A lot better then I was expecting. The visuals and gameplay are very well done. The story is great so far. You still get that Homeworld feeling while playing. A must have for Homeworld and RTS fans.My only complant is the bad AI in skirmish mode. But according to the devs, they are working to revamp it and add new content."
,Recommended,281610,20898074,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Misty,"Let me start by saying that for any Homeworld fan this game is a no-brainer.If you have never played Homeworld, expect a strategy game that gives you control over a roughly 500m long ground-based airship and a large fleet, all set in the endless deserts of Kharak.Construction & CombatThe airship serves as both your main vehicle and a recruitment base. From that point on, it's up to you. Just like in most RTS games, you are offered a variety of vehicles for construction, each with a unique set of specs. What I really like about this game tough is the fact that the result of a contact with the enemy fleet varies not only upon the obvious quantity and unit types but also positioning, as the game incorporates the terrain as a factor (highground v. lowground).UIThe interface is very user-friendly. There is no opening of all the menus in order to find that one specific button. Everything is nicely organised and easy to control.Campaign & SkirmishHaving not finished the campaign yet, I cannot really tell how the story will advance. However, from this point I would say the story is rather simple, so do not expect anything beyond average complexity. It is also being told using personal logs at the end of each mission. Another downside is the fact that if you want to play a skirmish, you only have 4 maps and 2 factions to choose from.Where Homeworld excels though is narration. The quality of the voiceover is brilliant, the units change there voices according to the sitiuation they are in and along with the great background music, you really get a feeling of the ongoing conflict.In conclusion, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is a great prequel to the Homeworld series and even with some reserves it is worth getting."
,Recommended,281610,20685991,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gunjamed1,"A refresh to homeworld, I am enjoying it alot."
76561197970674999,Recommended,281610,20858296,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Dagas,Excellent Game.   Love the storyline.  Still true to Homeworld.
,Recommended,281610,20851465,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Soviet Eraserhead,good
,Recommended,281610,20852721,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Wolf,"For all the liked playing the original and remastered Homeworlds, you will likely enjoy this prequel. Gameplay is a bit different but still great."
,Recommended,281610,20878611,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Az,"TOTALLY BALANCED REVIEW TBRMUST PLAY:- Totally and on classic, playing otherwise its not living the full potential and will seem a short game, the challenge in a RTS its the whole idea, to replay the mission because you loose all your units or you are nearly broke, or to get wiped out because you choose the wrong path, thats what will make you enjoy every hourBEST:- The Narrative, totally worth it- The shound track, classic Homeworld- Balanced, well played you can take heavy units will the right strategy- Amount of units to chooseGOOD:- Old RTS system, no surprises thereTO IMPROVE:- Graphics, this is a small thing but a little mod in the enviroment will make it sweeter- Movement of some units was a headache specially the mothership, to wait for it to possition correctly was frustrating sometimes- You will get a plot twist, but there is room for soo much nes things, an exp pack its a mustBAD- Nothing"
76561198010592250,Recommended,281610,20879161,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,mettujayadev,Excellant game which lived up to expectations. Especially if you were a fan of the first two games. Hope there are more games to come
76561198066854051,Recommended,281610,20838498,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Lateralus,This is the best RTS I've played in years. It's not perfect (no game is on launch) but the core game play elements are all there and the developers seem proactive in adding to the multiplayer experience over the next few patches.Pros:- Fun game play in general- Nice looking graphics and runs smoothly with few problems  (I have Windows 10)- Game balance pretty good on launchCons:- No replay or obserever mode yet- The AI is stupid- Only five multiplayer maps on launch9/10 - Excellent
76561197976684911,Recommended,281610,20840111,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dogor,"It is Homeworld without the Z axis. That being said, it is a good and solid game. The only annoying thing I found was not being able to zoom out more and somehow short."
,Recommended,281610,20841745,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MisterBiggs,"Campaign is a little short and there arent nearly enough skirmish maps, but it definitely feels like a homeworld game. Combat is more like wargame red dragon than starcraft 2, and as a bit rts fan its a ton of fun to play."
76561198057443972,Recommended,281610,20791264,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,GingerJesus,Mad Max meets RTS... enough said
,Recommended,281610,20793339,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Semashko,A worthy addition to the Homeworld name. Hopefully this signals to Gearbox that Homeworld is an IP worth continuing.
76561198037726061,Recommended,281610,20764678,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,iizkdt,love it
,Recommended,281610,20848842,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Stormcall,"If you like Homeworld you will like this too. Great game, could have done with a slightly longer campaign."
76561197970638811,Recommended,281610,20872955,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Adrian Dixon,On my first play through set to maximum difficulty it took 17 hours to complete. Though as people have said the game story feels too short. A lack of a pause function that lets you view the battlefield is unfortunate because you don't have a way to calmly appreciate the details of the levels and units. Or take nice screenshotsAs a Homeworld fan I genuinely enjoyed the game greatlySound in this game is fantasticI am looking forward to black bird interactives next game
76561197982871858,Not Recommended,281610,20873834,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Napstar!,"This is the first homeworld game I've ever played, id say it's ok..... the campaign was good but I felt it was getting really really good at the point when you could build cruisers then it just seemed to be the end of the campaign. The boss being just this giant cruiser.... I felt it was waaay to short and really could have been alot better and a hell of alot cheaper that 30 odd quid that I played... but hell maybe I'm just trying to compare this game to C&C too much which were awesome games and at times seemed to last forever ..... This game just needs more.....I'd recommend if you have 30 odd pounds burning a hole in your pocket"
76561197970666627,Recommended,281610,20874070,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Marcus Bean,Makes me want them to make a Homeworld 3 even more.
76561197966940283,Recommended,281610,20872307,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Blue Eagle,"I just think that we should celebrate when new RTS is released, especially when it is a good one. Overall the game is great but there are some flaws in it, hopefully just for the moment. You can’t change keyboard shortcuts in the options. Or you can’t move camera around using keyboard at the same time while you’re changing camera's position with the right mouse button. I played on Normal difficulty level and through the campaign AI felt very scripted and was quite passive and conservative. There are some balance issues with the units or maybe just interesting gameplay design choices. Your aircrafts will become glass cannons up to the point where they will be your best units for the majority of the game. Versatile units, doing heavy damage and then they become almost completely unusable for the last missions. Whenever any piece Anti-Air equipment is introduced they will go down like they are made out of paper. The way the experience system works in this game through the campaign where you continue using same units in the next mission, you do not want to loose any of the units you have. I think that it would be better if aircrafts would not do so much damage and at the same time would not go down that easily.I love the story in this game. The desperate feeling of the mission is delivered with fantastic music, voice acting and cutscenes. Love unit chatter. Graphics are great and sound effects are fantastic. Love how munition impacts of coalition bomber and gunship sound.Despite some flaws, game is great and you should give it a chance."
,Recommended,281610,20874361,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Ganavak,"Throughly enjoyed the game. It took me about 7hrs on a easy play through. Great story that engrossed me, complimenting the orignal games well.Great art style and sound, perfect music for the desert theme.  Enjoyed the mobility of the carrier and the need for careful resource managent collection at all times.If you enjoy RTS and or the homeworld universe its a must play!Enjoy"
,Not Recommended,281610,20874552,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Agge,Short and not too sweet..
76561198021654232,Recommended,281610,20871987,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,cyaness,"It is great,good story,operational is't so well."
,Recommended,281610,20867813,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DragonShadow,"This is how an RTS should be made. Deserts of Kharak is a fantastic new entry to the Homeworld universe. It's slightly short on content at the moment and the visuals aren't the greatest, but neither detracts enough from the game to make it bad (it's already been proven time and again that great graphics don't make great games). It's only got a few multiplayer maps but more are on the way, so to me the biggest concern is that the AI is not the most tactically proficient. I found myself taking advantage of the AI's responses more often than I'm used to, but it was still enjoyable to play.I've seen some criticize the game's length as being too short, but it's not appreciably shorter than previous entries in the series if you account for movement across the map and resource gathering being much quicker in this game. It's just as story-driven and engrossing as the previous titles.Pros:Top notch music and sound designAttractive visuals (lots of style, and more than detailed enough in my opinion)Perfectly captures the feel of HomeworldFun gameplay!Cons:Only 5 skirmish maps (but more on the way!)No rebindable keycontrols....what?AI isn't very smart"
76561197970996397,Recommended,281610,20871272,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Furwy,"What can I say, I really do miss how ""Hyperspace module fully charged""  sounds. Otherwise the game is great and really catches pace and insights into Homeworld lore."
,Recommended,281610,20878109,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Deadpool,"Truly lives up to the Homeworld name. Not a sequel riding on the coattails of the original's success. However, recommend watching videos of gameplay before buying./// Potential Spoilers ///A few things that could use some polish: AI, objective time/progression, resource availability, and the length of the campaign. Note this is from the perspective of someone who generally plays games at their maximum difficulty, in a single campaign playthrough on classic difficulty.The AI suffers from predictability, which makes it very easy to outmaneuver the opposing force. Many times, if you hunker down to delay the progress of objectives, you can farm experience for your troops by picking off endless enemy waves. Eventually, you can even employ a similar tactic to steal enemy troops and bolster your own forces beyond the logistical limit. This is made easier by the fact that enemy waves usually have a poor composition of armor, firepower, and support capabilities not tailored to what they'll be facing.As mentioned above, objectives can be put off indefinitely. One primary example is the shipbreaking in Tombs of the Ancients. Gaalsien forces will not proceed to excavate artifacts or resources until your forces are in close proximity. Time isn't a question, so much that even on classic difficulty a conservative, defensive strategy will almost always prevail.An exception to this lack of pressure is the beginning of The Whispering Gallery. Carrier Sakala is getting slammed by two Gaalsien carriers, cruise missiles, heavy cruisers, strike fighters, bombers, and a mix of ground forces. You must provide immediate assistance to suppress or stall the enemy advance and protect the Sakala while establishing a defensive perimeter around your carrier, the Kapisi. Until the enemy carriers call for a retreat, this part of the mission provides a great change of pace from the rest of the game.Bottom line, resources are abundant. After you get a few maps under your belt, there's really no need to budget Construction Units (CUs), and while the more rare and valuable Resource Units (RUs) are comparatively balanced, eventually it's the same thing. I never had to ask, ""Which research project is worth the cost?"" It was a matter of, ""What do I want first?"" If the enemy AI were improved upon to deny the player these resources, either by aggressively assaulting salvagers or strip mining it themselves (a scorched earth strategy), this could be less of an issue. Otherwise, it really feels less like you're trying to survive. In an expedition across a massive wasteland. Virtually alone. Deep inside enemy territory.Lastly, I've seen other reviews claim the campaign was too short, providing too little content for the asking price. While there may be some truth to this, the campaign felt neither rushed, nor dragged out over pointless filler maps. Every mission had its place in the story. That's really what I think is the heart of Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, the story. If the story were to be expanded on, it would be worth seeing a parallel campaign from the Gaalsien perspective, or standalone missions demonstrating significant historical events of Kharak.That's my two cents. I am still quite pleased with the game."
76561198025625270,Recommended,281610,21030753,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,xterminal86,This is awesome. The game feels so much like Homeworld 1 - brings back memories...That's what I call a spiritual successor.
,Recommended,281610,21113484,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,^1-=UK=-^4lindley,"Firstly, while i do recommend this game, it is a disappointment. After seeing another review saying how easy this game was, i decided to do my first playthrough on hard, something I usually avoid on story rich games such as homeworld. And even on hard it was still easy, the computer AI in the campaign is pretty bad.In basically every mission units spawn from outside of the playable area and attack, usually in very small amounts that the only really could bother a unguarded resource collection or taking out sensor towers. The game doesnt feel challenging at all. I can remember when i first played homeworld 2, I got ruined in my first playthrough and had to restart from beginning. Even the last mission, a exact match of units constantly spawn and attack, you kill them, they respawn, attack. the AI never needs to collect resources n rarely does. Cheating AI's are usually put in place due to complete laziness from developers, and unfortunately it shows, spoils it really. The last mission is the only one with some challenge (on hard) and thats due to the sheer number of cruisers and air units that constantly respawn, still managed it with ease on the second attempt.Ingame cinematics are not skippable, which is highly annoying since autosave saves just before them. I cant comment on multiplayer or skirmish since the game has disinterested me in the 9 hours it took to complete. If it wasn't for homeworld and homeworld 2 then i would probably not recommend this game at its current price of £30. On a side note, this game has put me in the mood to play homeworld 1 / 2 again"
76561198095780158,Recommended,281610,21108761,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AndyMan[SVK],"If you are a fan of the Homeworld universe (like I am), this game is a MUST. The sotrytelling and visuals are very nice, the UI easy to grasp and you really feel like playing any of the previous Homeworld installments.However, if you are a casual RTS player, I still recommend this game but bear in mind that this is a fast-paced and very short strategy piece. Once you start getting used to the mechanics of the game, the journey through Kharak's desert is over.Even though I did pay the full price and completed the campaign just uner 10 hours, I don't regret buying the game. But for some people this may be just too much pay for too little game."
76561197967288659,Recommended,281610,21105370,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Товарищ Growl,"I'm biased I know a couple of the developers. Removing that bias it's just a little short for my taste. However, I loved Homeworld and this feels just like homeworld... that in itself is a huge feat. For a new dev team to take up the reigns and nail the feel years after the original... with the added fact the genre went from 3D space to on planet and retaine the Homeworld feel... kudos Blackbird Dev Team, Kudos!This is a really good RTS game. If you loved Homeworld and like RTS game's then I'd be suprised if you didn't enjoy this welcomed addition to the franchise.Thank you Blackbird!"
76561198097509215,Recommended,281610,21058224,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Marsm1,"Great game! Good story hit all the right notes for the call backs. I always felt like I was fighting to keep my group alive and build my numbers. Never felt like I had enough, until I got to the last mission and realized I had a pretty good setup. Now that being said, it was short. I made it through in 14 hours and that was trying to and almost suceeding in collecting everything I could. I imagine if I hadn't done that it would've been more like 6 or 8 hours. Again love the game and the story but it could've had a few more missions. Lots of room on that huge map that they kept showing me in the cut scenes for more missions. I would think most people play the Homeworld series for the story and single player...not all of the multiplayer you seem to be pushing, although that can be fun every once in awhile.Reveiw: 7/10 - Great game and story...needs more missions, to much focus on multiplayer."
,Recommended,281610,20974128,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tink,"Excellent shortish single player campaign, wouldn't say no to a higher difficulty setting."
76561198273456201,Recommended,281610,21077894,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Coco Rainbow,"My first rts, beating my♥♥♥♥♥♥backwards and forwards but every second is brilliant."
,Recommended,281610,21085209,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Odinicus,"Played House Harkonen, Killed Mua'dib.  10/10"
,Recommended,281610,20805005,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,sweemeng,"It is a good prequel. Homeworld on a planet instead of space actually works! The artwork is awesome, the music is great."
76561197983850432,Recommended,281610,21035466,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Typsy Danger,"Overall, I recomend this game, though I will strongly highlight that it's surprisingly short for the price, and for the amount of effort put into the engine, story, sound, game design... everything.  I finished it approx. 9 hours, and was surprised when it suddenly ended.  Like homeworld 2, it felt rushed towards the very end.Great game, though get it on sale."
76561197973406276,Recommended,281610,21033353,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Joe Glow,"The single player is fun, the graphics are good, the mechanics are smooth and the art is beautiful but overall it feels ... emptier than Homeworld. Like you cared less about what you were doing, like you couldn't just sit there watching ships moving around in space.However, that said it is still a solid RTS with excellent production values, so I'd give it a recommend."
,Recommended,281610,21037679,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Inty,"So well made. So much fun. Sadly so so shortThis is a solid recommend, but to pricey for the amount of content you getIf they make at least 10 more maps for the campaign (and a bit more challenging please :)) this would be a 9+ out of 10"
76561198005281539,Recommended,281610,21013987,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,stonewolfjr,"If you like Homeworld you will like this.  Although short, I want to see what the next installment has in store.  Bug free gameplay with well-done map management and resources.  Good job keeping the old relic feel to the series and the art/sound style. Campaign is short, but extremely well presented."
,Recommended,281610,21015621,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Captain Dino,"As a lifetime fan of the Homeworld series, this is a very welcome prequal to the series. The story is sound, and if you have been playing the earlier installments there are a bunch of things you'll notice and love about this game.The lack of variation of smaller crafts are a bummer, as they pretty much have a single use in the campaign. Only two factions, but it delivers where it counts. Homeworld has always been a series that love aestetics, and this game is no exception. The stylized cutscenes and the far zoom makes for a very nice visual experience, plus the sand dunes and artifacts you uncover looks gorgeous.Unlike it's predicecors this prequel is very newbie friendly. You can actually select your dificulty level now, compared to the earlier installments which ramps up the dificulty the better you do. A must have for any old homeworld fan."
76561198005444904,Recommended,281610,20887929,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Penguin21,"They actually made a worthy successor to Homeworld 2.  I can scarcely believe it.  Amazing game!The only down side is the campaign is quite short...maybe 10 hours at most, but the storyline is fantastic!"
,Recommended,281610,20989368,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Leihu,"Great, but too short single player mode."
76561198006323873,Recommended,281610,21017310,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ShiftyShinobiX,"Game freakin' rocked. Huge Homeworld fan, and this is the story before the story. The missions were sometimes a little daunting, though it was the hardest difficulty setting. My biggest complaint is that the story ended. I want more after it, or before it, or just plain more! There are only a half-dozen multiplayer maps, and they get old after a few matches. I expect they'll remedy that, or give the community the power to make our own maps. Online was having minor connection issues between players, but I haven't seen any trouble.The battlespace on the maps seems simultaneously too big and too small. That's confusing, I know, but you'll understand once you play some. Cram six people onto the six-player map, then go at each other.It's a great game, definitely worth the price, great story, great opening to an amazing series. Unless you don't like fun, in which case this game is NOT for you."
,Recommended,281610,21010999,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SteelOni,"Great feeling and good strategy - maybe just not too hard on normal, but enjoyable without frustration... and you can always try hard mode ^_^"
76561198023111166,Recommended,281610,20980527,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lost Coast,"Great love the cut scenes alot the artistic draw is a must watch alone the story is good ame play  one of a kind desert setting, but the game is short and leves me wanting more..... heres hoping for a second"
76561198030560317,Recommended,281610,20996532,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Nagasadri,"I don't understand why some people dislike the ground-based gameplay. Really, it allows so much more map diversity and strategic decisions it hurts my brain.Compared to HW classic 1&2 :PROS :-Better campaign.CONS :-Less skirmish options.That's all."
76561198033248190,Recommended,281610,20981994,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TactOne,"Great game all around, no complaints. The story is amazing. I really hope this title reinvigorates the Homeworld series and triggers further development of the genre. Fingers crossed there is something in the works for ""Homeworld 4"" space RTS. Well done!!!"
76561198047169453,Recommended,281610,20985948,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DeinonychusCowboy,"I'm recommending this game, but a bit tentatively.I've been a homeworld fan since around 2001, and am in the camp that thoroughly enjoyed the remastered version. While I'm overjoyed to see the original developers back in control of the IP and doing new things with it, I don't think this game ended up being what I wanted it to be.It's a ground-based RTS that tries to be like the space-based games in some respects. This works well in some ways, but is a bit odd in others. Aircraft, the units most like units in the original games, are pretty nuked, and maneuvering/management of ground units is less seamlessly intuitive than fleet management in 2 or RM. I found myself playing a LOT of the game out of the sensors manager, because it was too difficult to get a strategic view from the main camera.When I heard BBI got the rights to use the Homeworld Universe and was going to turn Hardware: Shipbreakers into a prequel, I was most excited to see them draw on the existing body of backstory from the first game. This they certainly did in spades; the main antagonist of the game is discussed at length in the original game's manual, and indeed I went back to read my ~15-year-old copy to understand the plot better. They did a great job fitting the campaign's plot into the existing mythos, and even the retcons make perfect sense and don't feel weird given the plot of the first game.However, though the campaign story was exactly the one I wanted to be told, I don't think it was told very well. All the events I wanted to see happened on-screen and seemed to make sense within the mythos, but some of them just felt... awkward. The game seemed to expect players to be familiar with the plot of the first game, and so did not conceal critical information or make certain assumptions that I think should have been in place in the first half of the campaign. The main voices in the game transitioned far too rapidly from early exposition to a mentality that seemed more suited to AFTER the game's plot, and seemed to demonstrate knowledge of a certain ship's specific nature well before they should have known or even guessed that information. I would have really liked to see this story told with a greater degree of unfamiliarity and doubt on the part of the characters; it would have made the wonder of the final revelation much more dramatic, the way I always pictured it when playing the first game.I also found the campaign painfully short. Homeworld is known for its short campaigns that give you just enough to invest you, not enough to satisfy you, but the norm is 16 or 17 missions. HW:DoK has 13. I could point out specific parts of the map that I feel could have had additional missions.Overall, the campaign felt rushed, and some of the game mechanics feel somewhat underdeveloped. I would have loved to see more done with the heat mechanic, for example. The unit designs don't present as cohesive of a theme as the original game's did, and though I give BBI props for recreating the 'feel' of 2 nearly seamlessly in a completely different game engine (Unity), the graphics didn't blow my mind and make me squee the way HW:RM's did.So, why am I recommending this game if I'm giving it so much flak? A couple reasons. Firstly, I think some of the game's limitations are due to the nature of its production. I almost feel like it would have been a better game if BBI had NOT gotten the rights to the IP, though I'm still glad they did. I'm not sure this game was ready to be ""the next Homeworld game"", though it could have been an interesting game in its own right.Secondly, it's hardly a bad game. I'm not as into ground-based RTSes, but it's well-balanced (though, knowing the homeworld fanbase, I'm sure everyone and his mom will disagree) and has a number of different effective strategies. The combat is fast-paced and dynamic, and the lack of base-building and presence of universal unit mobility really makes it feel like a homeworld game in some regards.Thirdly, they did tell the story I wanted to be told, and didn't make any fatal retcons. For comparison, I felt HW2 was actually worse about this - in 2 it's established that the hyperspace core used in the mothership is 'special', and to do this they had to retcon parts of the original game's manual that mentioned it being 'reverse-engineered' and scaled up to handle the mothership's mass. I also felt 2's endgame made some bad choices about the direction of the universe and some of the explanations for its mechanics. DoK did much better about this - Kharak is Kharak. My inner cartography nerd was even squeeing when recognizing geographic/stylistic elements I remembered from reading the manual as a kid.I'm excited to see what BBI does next with the property, and I think existing Homeworld fans should play this game, more for closure than anything else. However, don't come into it expecting the atmospheric/mood quality of the original Homeworld or the mechanical polish of 2/RM. You'll be very disappointed."
,Recommended,281610,20777356,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,michineme,i personally have always loved homeworld and i think theyve only made the game better
76561197974750689,Recommended,281610,20778048,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Adam,"Finally finished the single player campaign and I have to say it was very good. I have not tried out the multiplayer so I can not speak to that aspect of the game. It was a short campaign but not very short. There is no pause feature which I missed greatly but the campaign is forgiving enough, even on the most difficult setting that you should be fine. Really enjoyed the pacing and the story. Overall a fun game, well worth the money for single player alone. Glad I purchased first day."
76561197970429265,Recommended,281610,20827985,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Renatus,"A prequel to my favourite game of all time. And it delivered.Classic RTS with some very cool modernising twists, like much more involved line of sight and height difference mechanics."
76561198002784564,Recommended,281610,20742640,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zephon,"One of my favourite game series. There the atmosphere of Homeworld (1&2) but in the ground. If someone is undecided If buy or not the game i suggest yes, buy it.PRO: nice narration (lore is aderent and with no error relataed to the first homeworld), excellent music themes, nice background (ok, are deserts but is very beautiful) and a lot of possibilities to play a level in different ways that allows you to play more that once the campaign.CONS: the campaign is too short, the IA seems to be ""stupid"" sometimes (both campaign and multiplayer), there are few maps for the multi (about 6 maps and maximum 6 player), the storyline is a little bit repetitive (if played Homeworld 1&2), smaller bugs (my carrier started to fly) during the game that are a little bit disturbing"
76561198028793852,Recommended,281610,20744190,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Gotthard,"uring the first few minutes , I could only think , "" oh my god I need a mod of Dune 2 , made this game ! ""I liked it a lot, even though I have problems with the mouse . sometimes it goes crazy ."
,Recommended,281610,20750141,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Werewolf,"This is simply Homeworld 2 on the ground, with some new gfx effects.However I like a lot!. The need of having an army with mixed units, to get the upper hand, is challenging.An ill-considered attack up a hill, can cost you an  army in 5 seconds.As a Homeworld 1 and 2 veteran I give this 4.5 / 5"
,Recommended,281610,20751291,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Campaigner,"Tres bon de se replonger dans l'univers, et d'introduire les Homeworld 1 et 2 deja sorti, très beau aussi; seul reproche, un poil court ... Après il semble y avoir du potentiel en multi, mais c'est pas ma came ^^"
76561198066799702,Recommended,281610,20750975,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Khytomer,"Should you spend 50€/$ for the best single-player RTS campaign out there? Even if it's only 13 missions long (10hrs max)?Yes, you should."
76561197978348183,Recommended,281610,20735376,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ryrx,Very well made.  RTS with variable terrain that gives advantage.
,Recommended,281610,20735685,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DemonOfLoom,"Top game, really enjoyed the campaign, but its short and my first experience of multiplayer was disappointing."
76561197991496940,Recommended,281610,20734749,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PimpleOfaSnail,Fantastic game. Despite being set on land it still retains the feeling of the predecessors. Highly recommended for all Homeworld fans!
76561198006604423,Recommended,281610,20719350,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Liebster,Really enjoyable game 10/10! If you like Homeworld and Homeworld 2 you'll love this. Great graphics and a pleasure to play.  Well worth the full cost to me.
,Recommended,281610,20719419,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,DerpyDerpderp,For those who do not know. The story of this game takes place before the events of homeworld 1.
,Recommended,281610,20719440,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,VoodooKing,"Enjoyed the game however the campaign is pretty short. 13 missions. Also, since it is running on Unity, performance gets a little choppy during heavy battles."
76561197980129106,Recommended,281610,20887134,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Diabolus_Musica,"This is an excellent game, well worthy of the Homeworld name.Likes:1. action2. graphicsDislikes:1. Weak enemy AI"
,Recommended,281610,20880749,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sardaukar,"I've been a fan of the Homeworld series since the very first one, all those years ago. This is a great addition to the series, in pretty much every way imaginable.It's got the same style of art, and music. And the story is just as enthralling, as a prequel to the original. It's got tactical gameplay, and excellent graphics as well. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens with this title in the workshop later on. I'm also happy that this was made by the same team (under a different name) that made the originals...It's a great game- and I hope for more eventually.There are a few cons though...-The campaign is too short.-There are too few units.-There is no ability to slow time in game."
,Recommended,281610,20692438,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Light Tim,"First off: It's a downgrade. A fun downgrade that is CLOSE to the old games, but a downgrade all the same. The question is if it's worth the money. I say at the change of review yes.It's a well tuned game that hasn't lost it's roots (A GREAT SIGN is how the hand drawn art style is still a main theme,) it's fun to play, and still gives a sense of wonder at the story and soundtrack. (Protip: the current meta LOVES strikefighters.)HOWEVER it is still a new game. And AS of this review I have encountered a GAME BREAKING glitch where in a mission where I have to destory ALL foes one has turned INVULNERABLE and I cannot move on (EDIT: This can be ""fixed"" with a restart and then restarting the mission from the campain menu.)If you are an old fan then the story is no secret to you, but even when you know what comes next the enjoyment still comes. 8/10. If there is DLC I would buy with the rep the devs have.TL;DR: GAME IS CLOSE TO THE ORGINAL, BUT IS STILL FUN TO PLAY."
,Recommended,281610,20977586,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,OverHandWizard,"""Witness the death throes of a dying world in all it's beautiful glory as you fight fanatical cult like techno-nomads while discovering the mysterious origin of the Kushan people that lead up to the events of Homeworld and Homeworld 2.""In short: It's pretty legit."
76561198026817745,Recommended,281610,20825554,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,lengzhe1983,"It has been years since I saw some backstory that is so cool. ""A carrier in the desert, really?"" I thought. But the execution is impacable. All the details in physics and graphics offers the suspension of disbelief. The structure is so cooooooooool.I knew very early that this is a game that got its gameplay design first and then pasted the Homeworld theme on. So I didn't put much faith in it. But the gameplay itself is fun. It does have the unique vibe of Homeworld series and also feels new and refreshing.I just wish it could have a small window or support a separate screen so that I can sending order and checking status while seeing beautiful details of the units in combat."
,Recommended,281610,20764962,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Blackfang,What a great prelude to the Homeworld games. Really holds the feeling and story of Homeworld lore. Any Homeworld fans out there should buy this and play through to see how it all started prior to the space based games. Excellent good job devs.
76561197967738511,Recommended,281610,20755605,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Guts,"Great RTS, great game.Has some minor issues, out of which many are already being adressed (such as rather bad A.I , hotkeys not rebindable, too few multiplayer/skirmish maps)"
,Recommended,281610,20755867,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Eagle,"Still chugging along, but I feel I've played enough that my feelings are set.  This game is just 'eh'.It does everything right, but nothing stands out.  I like that units carry over, but resources are so plentiful (classic mode) that losing half your fleet is recoverable.  Units are well balanced, and there's enough variety to their abilities that a diversified force is useful.But it's just so boring.  Cut scenes don't leave an impression, but you can't skip them.  The campaign matches will end at near random points, and your ai isn't smart enough to grab the extra resources before moving on to the next zone.  The enemy ai is pathetic.  The long range rail guns will role within range of all other vehicles, so rushing them with LAVs, while useful, isn't necessary.  The maps all start to look the same.  Yes, I get this is in a desert, but give us something to look at.  The music fits the theme, but is so slow that it will lull you to sleep while your main base holds off ten armored vehicles and your scavengers run around unharassed.So yes, it does everything right, but somehow gets it wrong.  I play one match, then get too bored to continue and put off the next level for a day.  That's something I never did with C&C or StarCraft.  Even planetary annihilation, massive flop that it was, would entertain me for 4-5 hours before I tucked it away again.TL:DR.  I recommend this game as it has an interesting mechanics combination, but only if it's on sale."
,Recommended,281610,20666657,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,God Emperor of Mankind,"I absolutely LOVE this game. It has a big variety of units and good balance.There's one contra: The AI in skirmish mode always wants to rush you so you can't really learn how to play multiplayer.If that could be fixed, it would be 100% awesome.It has a great story and offers a wonderful soundtrack."
76561197990752138,Recommended,281610,20666665,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Drasta,It has its flaws like poor AI and some bugs and you probably won't have much reasons to play it again so only part that may keep you interested after you finish the story is multiplayer.However I really like the story so far and I really enjoy atmosphere and the whole aestetics of this game.It is still our old Homeworld that we all loved just in a little different settings so if you enjoyed the original then I think it is safe to say that you will like this one.
,Recommended,281610,20667251,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,|RS|.Gustavus,"10/10 Love it. I am a long time Homeworld Fan from way back in 1999. This game hangs together very well and despite a few minor continuity liberties I loved the story; I felt it was MUCH better than the Homeworld 2's abdication of cannon story. I sincerely hope blackbird continues to make additional Homeworld games and employs the same writer. I also hope they don’t feel the need, once in space again, to stick to a mothership style craft. I’m totally ready for homeworld mechanics and a more nimble craft in space.Anyway the visuals are very pretty, the story is engaging, especially in light of a proper lore guide (ala the manual from HW1). I had a few niggles about mechanics, I wanted to be able to determine unit facing like Relic allows in Company of Heros for example, and a orders while paused function  would also make me happy.On the whole I recommend buying it. Here’s to hoping for a Homeworld 3 in the next couple years!!"
76561197998983965,Recommended,281610,20667330,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nathanius,"The game is brilliant, I played for a whole day on my first run through and was left wanting more. It was like a good book! I just couldn't put it down :)"
76561198052255133,Recommended,281610,20667343,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,"SirFailsalot, The Pantsless",Solid game if your a fan of Homeworld. The story line is great and multiplayer only suffers from a lack of maps (though rumor is more will be added in a free update).I have to say being able to use your Carrier as a front line support unit in its own right really makes you feel like your playing a naval game...in the desert... XD
76561197988563831,Recommended,281610,20668030,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,LeakySandwich,Undeniably Homeworld!
76561198071038110,Recommended,281610,20784007,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pegahmagabow,"Homeworld, Nuff said."
76561198112030680,Recommended,281610,20782789,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,rock6800,"Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is very fun RTS game i like the Cutsenes very real done and the soundtrek good mix of new and old songs , Blackbird Interactive and Gearbox did really good job on the game cant wait for the next Homeworld games to come out =Di recommend this game for everbody and it worth the $50"
76561197988185529,Recommended,281610,20810399,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,wpmaura,"This game is on very solid ground. After finishing the campaign on medium, I can say that it ran smoothly will very litttle to no hiccups fo rme.The story and the voice acting are top notch. If you like deserts you will like the setting as I personaly think the graphics are fairly stellar.This is a slow paced game, meaning usualy your objectives will trigger more objectives so make sure your ready and dont just rush to complete obectives or you will find your self in hot water.I like unit design and abilities.I do wish that there a was a focus abiity on the camera for units so you can follw them around as well as an auto harvest function that collected all resources at the end of a map,"
76561197993617826,Recommended,281610,20811132,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Jont,This is the homeworld game you have been waiting for.
,Recommended,281610,20807101,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Diablo,very well done
76561198079929788,Recommended,281610,22037091,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,nothingboy,"A fantastic prequel, reminds me so much of the original.Visually stunning, great story."
,Recommended,281610,22049778,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Tresh Binkidoot,First RTS! Was awesome but a little too short :'(
,Recommended,281610,22049889,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,'Zippo,"Really fun game, but extremely short. Completed it in 7 hours on normal difficulty. Multiplayer seems to be nearly dead currently, but it is possible to find matches."
76561198015243535,Recommended,281610,22060121,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Duke Of The Wolf Streams,Highly f...ckin' recommend this game!
76561198043905981,Recommended,281610,22076176,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trues55,for people who are fans of the series i reccomend it only for them if your looking for a red alert/ C&C generals or warhammer this isn't the game for you 3/5
76561198051628905,Not Recommended,281610,22077665,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kaotic Vamp,so many bugs and incomplete maps i cant even get half way through the campaign due to units falling through the map along with buggy camera and big white squares instead of terrain. on skirmish theres not even a back button to get back to main screen and i cant press any button on keyboard to get back either.  i dont recomend this game for a while until they sort alot of bugs out out.
76561197970582321,Recommended,281610,22038252,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ginger_Chris,"Very good RTS, loads of nods to classic homeworld titles but stands on its own as a good game"
76561197999197698,Recommended,281610,22036058,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GoingHam013,A faithful and beautiful addition to the Homeworld franchise.
76561198147895079,Recommended,281610,22049261,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Culbe,"It was a bit disappointing. Sure, the graphics are great but I just felt like the game was missing something. Id recommend getting it if its on sale. If not, dont bother."
,Recommended,281610,22098261,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mostly...,"Fantastic game, you can tell lots of love has been poured into it.  its kinda weird to see tanks tumbling across the desert (theres a demi-physics system in place to allow for sweet dune hopping).  Pathing is pretty wonky though, i had two cruisers that just sat there and had a beer while the rest of my battle group were on their way to see soujouk!It gets a bit micromanagy since you're usually fighting on multiple fronts.All that we know and love about homeworld is there!  BUT THE BEST PART: battle chatter, its amazing...  Mission #11... AWESOME.Lots of awesome, a bundle of bugs (maybe they'll be fixed... maybe not, dont care).  100% worth it to anyone who enjoys next gen awesomeness."
76561197990306742,Recommended,281610,22098332,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Captain Smee,This game was a pleasure to play. Feels like Homeworld.
76561198010001199,Recommended,281610,21035370,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,LazyKennedy,"A welcome new ""Homeworld"" game. Haz the intense action of Homeworld 1 & 2 but on a planet. Very well polished 4 a new release. I've paid full price 4 it and have no regrets. A MUST OWN SERIES!"
76561198106605585,Recommended,281610,22107332,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,RaveN,A Little disappointed in the game as it has so much potential that's being wasted on what feels like arushed game or beta...Still fun to play but needs alot of work to even come close to what Homeworld is...1. The tutorial could be more detailed per faction as it was not clear as how to increase the fleet capacity and a few other little details...2. There could be more units especially light units.3. Each faction could be a bit more unique.4. Leaving fleet capacity pods all over the map sucks.5. Massive environments... not really...6. DLC is a joke...7. Game AI sucks a bit.
,Not Recommended,281610,22179863,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Capricious Demon,"Too short, I was okay with.Releasing DLC that should be free? Come on guys, thought these devs were better than that. Regret investing in the company if they treat people like this."
76561198172628587,Not Recommended,281610,22180154,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,u0v0g0,"Very bad.Very laggy unproportional graphics(objects have proper proportions only if you look from the top). Sometimes FPS unpredictable drops to 3-5, WTF guys? It is early alpha stage software (like HW Remastered) you have to pay to community for testing not trying sell this.Ok, it looks like sh..t. May be there is a scenario? No. I play to the end and was completely disapointed.In game you constantly search for minimap (it is strategy game. yes?). But no. It is first (and hope last) strategy without minimap. Another sh..t innovation.I was a big fan of HW series and it is very hard to look what this guys make with it. It is really as hard as watch for Darth Wader dancing with mouse."
76561198028413259,Recommended,281610,22154793,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,SocketError,"6/10I am a big fan of the Homeworld series.  This game fits well.Storyline is way too short.Why are there so few maps for skirmish/mulitplayer?This is desert terrain, should be able to procedurally generate skirmish maps.Great gameplay, decent graphics, runs well.  Sadly it really lacks in content.  I bought it on sale, but still feel a bit cheated. Was looking for a professional level game, this one is overpriced for what little content.DLC isn't worth it, as there is little to no reason to play multiplayer/skirmish atm."
76561198097975407,Recommended,281610,22168042,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TRAITOR!,"I love the feel of this game, and it really challenges you, the player to spend your resources wisely. Also in the campaign whatever resources and units you had continue onto the next mission which really makes you plan ahead to make sure you always have the best possible outcome. In all a great and beautfully designed game with stunning cinematics and an interesting story of how the first homeworld came to be."
76561198022978396,Recommended,281610,21934968,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Sancryst Krystlmyst,"Love the Homeworld series. With this going to a planet based RTS I had high hopes. Only a few drawbacks but purely cosmetic ones. The harvesters in the space versions docked with the ships, This one they just get close. All other aspects of the game are a real treat. The arial combat and the ground units make for a great game. The story line is really good."
76561198009940924,Recommended,281610,20674427,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Miko,nice game. but you must be Homeland fans
76561198020034035,Recommended,281610,20674547,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Araym,"*Spoilers duh...*+ Homeworld! I was dreaming about this game since first one and loved cataclysm, more please! (Bentusi ftw)+ Techtree, A bit classic did miss tech vessels tho for faster research and 1 mission dumps like 10 at once.+ Voice acting, Pretty sure I reconise the female voice anyways I helped the game and story.+ Story line, finnaly! A look at what transpired on Kharak before the mothership was built.+ Solid references to homeworld 1 and 2 lore.+/- Haven't decided yet if I liked how the units look, not a big fan of the giant flat vehicles, and the hovers would actually make a hole in the sand if they stay in 1 spot too long.+/- Where's my lasers, auto cannons and all the other shiny particles where homeworld grew up with?- Too damn short, Cleared within 7 hours thats bad for a full priced game. (had discount tho :P)- Mapdesign, can clear almost all levels without even discovering half the map.- Artifacts dont need em, and heavily screws with my OCD to collect every one of em which ties into next point.- AI, Enemy suicides into me before I can grab all artifacts and I auto win mission... :(- Bugs - carrier was breakdancing on a dune and then decided to jump up / artillery cruiser refuses to fire for Gaalsien.- Multiplayer achievements, really?! my OCD doesn't like that one bit. Guess it's to ''up'' the replayability but with 6 maps orso that doesn't seem to fly.I would definitly buy this again, I know the - is  more then the + but the game itself is very enjoyable.And most the - points can be fixed in future patches, like AI, bugs and making mapdesign more viable to discover.Would definitly recommend to play homeworld 1 and 2 before this one, eventho for story sake it doesn't really matter.Now give me a homeworld where the beast is re-introduced please!"
76561197960458789,Recommended,281610,20675001,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,plethra metal fatigue,"Very cool game.  Still needs some balancing and tweeking here and there, but other than that solid release.   Hats off to the developers.  Maybe we will see mars explored in the same way."
76561198030629100,Recommended,281610,20680829,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tarzona,"Love the game and the missions, they did not disappoint me :D"
76561197977638870,Recommended,281610,20710858,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,nosp3m,Great Campaign!
76561197976733993,Recommended,281610,20709530,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gypaetus,Does the Homeworld series justice. Fantastic game. Audio and attention to detail is amazing.
,Recommended,281610,20738181,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Temjin,"Homeworld on wheels, I like it."
76561197963810364,Recommended,281610,20738228,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,My Love is Pure,A fantastic prequel and true to the originals.
,Recommended,281610,20738403,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Black|Heart,A brilliant addition to the Homeworld series.
76561198069882551,Recommended,281610,22037008,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ViperVenom15,Great game is you like RTS games I love this game
,Recommended,281610,21994002,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DokMurda,"Fantastic new style RTS - 90/100Pros:-Great Single Player (all I really wanted from this game)-Story is up to par and similar to Homeworld 1 and 2-Desert terrain mechanism for sight is fun-Units have rock/paper/scissor counters and you definitely need to whatch what units engage and retreat-Graphics and sound are fantasticCons:-When mission ends, the left over resources are lost including artifacts.  It would be nice for a continue after mission ends to gather these.  So save often.-Storyline is predictable, but it barely matters.  Would have loved additional backstory of the other clans etc.Final Thought:I personally loved this game as a ""campaign only"" purchase.  I tried multiplayer a few times and it did seem to have very redeeming gameplay.  However, since I play a TON of other games I have sidelined the multiplayer till other friends buy the game."
76561198028583236,Recommended,281610,21972540,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Tango-Down_USAF,"Great RTS, decent graphics, but needs more maps for skirmish and multiplayer."
76561198001558197,Not Recommended,281610,22028773,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,WhisperingEye,"If you're looking for a game as good as the original Supreme Commander, this isnt it.  Falls short, I really cant explain it, but the  campaign is ok and the skermish seems impossible to win. Unless im missing something HUGE about strategy gaming... i just dont know what to say.  Skermish is a big part of the game for me and I like to build my forces but SOMEHOW on easy the AI over runs me in the first five minutes EVERY TIME, no matter how i change my strategy."
76561197996288503,Recommended,281610,22032191,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Darterius,"You need never have played a Homeworld game before to appreciate this latest addition to the the RTS masters of the universe, the Homeworld series. I realized about 10 minutes into this game that if anyone should ever make a game based on Frank Herbert's DUNE series, then Arrakis would have to look something like Kharak. It is that well done. The game play requires a person to think very big and very strategically, but I found myself just admiring the artwork and beauty that went into this thing and paying for my inattention with punishing salvos from incoming hostiles."
,Recommended,281610,21041029,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anticept,"Outstanding RTS. Has the old feel of the classics, with the refinement of control of new RTS. Just one downside though, and it's that the campaign was a little short."
76561198008086464,Recommended,281610,22039138,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Soldier212,"Alright game so far, getting beaten by easy ai, not so greatthe interface is crap, they had it working in homeworld 1- 2, shame they didnt use in this game.game is abit to fast/short, arcade feeling, constantly getting attack not a second to breathereally small armies, not like the fleets we had in homeworld 1 - 2graphics are good, could be bettermore worth £15 not the  £22 i payed, not a complete gameanyone had alot of crashing ? low fps then a crash on the end , great"
,Not Recommended,281610,24435201,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,turkeyeyes3,Still waiting on those mod tools....
76561198181234081,Recommended,281610,24926319,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mclw7310,Game would be enjoyable if the program platform would stop crashing! Also I don't like how I can't play this game without an internet connection! Seriously I pay for a game I can't play at my leisure without an internet connection! more of that corprate infiltration crap! just can't buy something and be done with it (corp.) no Steam makes it so you have to access their servers for a product that you pay for but not without their permission! Don't like staem one bit but Homeworld: Desserts of Kharak is a fun game!
76561198060876354,Not Recommended,281610,23961542,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ekcook,"This game is not fun.  This is what EA did to RA4, it is just a micro management, react to every little thing, start and stay off ballance, follow the very narrow pre-defind path or no trigger event for you sorry attempt at (and hopefully for this developer, exit from) the franchise.I guess the Dune IP was unavailible or not within the developers budget so they slapped a different title on it.  I will probably try and finish it, but I am really regretting not doing more to pre-view the game before wasting money on this entry."
76561197971583456,Recommended,281610,27768999,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moonsavage,"Great RTS with realistically scaled unit sizes, awesome sound effects & music, nice graphics and, last but not least, a fantastic story that... ends very poorly. It's difficult not to let the end of this game overshadow the fun to be had whilst playing through the campaign, but there you go. A solid 8/10. One more thing, this game allows you to make mistakes and still win through audacity and/or cunning - VERY well balanced."
,Recommended,281610,27763164,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snafuperman,Good gsme. Captures the storytelling and art style of the original homeworld games. recomended
,Recommended,281610,27628551,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Paithan,Awesome graphics with nice retro feel of the Homeworld universe.
,Recommended,281610,27723974,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zenimer,"A huge thank you to Gearbox for being Fans of the original team and game and buying the IP when THQ tanked, and then letting the original group who was working ona  kickstart type funded game which turned to being this.  I can only hope that we get more games and more great story telling from such an amazing group of game developers!"
,Recommended,281610,27737163,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,thesutex,"if you like homeworld single player , this is the perfect prequel!"
76561198027929136,Recommended,281610,27754629,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,macdizzle,Lots of fun. Too short
76561198006744934,Recommended,281610,27588365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nirvani,"If Dune and Homeworld married and had a child, this is it. Pity the interactive game manual costs money though."
,Recommended,281610,27657004,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jornada,One of the best in recent years.
,Recommended,281610,27619233,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,QuickSilver999x,The PERFECT RTS. Its amazing how the game looks works and feels. What is like especially is that in the campaign you retain troops from earlier missions. So if you take the time to carfully plan attacks to prevent casualties you will be rewarded with a nice starting army for the next mission. All in all i havnt gone too deep into the game but I am more than confident in giving this game a 5 star review!
76561198226440424,Recommended,281610,27614010,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ewes Dead,"Strong story driven RTS with challenging resource:unit managment Everything that made Homeworld fun, but on the planet as the prequel. I can only hope for more games from them in the future and hopefully in this universe."
,Recommended,281610,27735012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moonwalker,"Great story, and a worthy prequel to Homeworld"
76561198079225453,Recommended,281610,27718998,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fedaykin,"Much better than I expected.Pros:- Good writing and very immersive campaign- Challenging in a good way (forces you to actually think to succeed)- Got a lot of the details right (i.e. using high ground for artillery, forcing you to be careful about deploying aircraft)- Very fun gameplay overall.  Some missions in the campaign have a very high replayability factor.- It has a neat nostalgia factor if you played the orginal Homeworld games.  Lots of parallels there, but this game is very different and stands on its own.Cons:- Inability to issue commands while paused.  For me that's not a big issue, but for some it may create anxiety because you are forced to react at the game's speed.  You do not have the ability to pause, look around, and create strategy.  Everything is on the fly.- Lack of multiplayer options.  Only a couple of gameplay modes and several of the ""usual"" configurable options are missing, such as: starting resources, game speed, starting research, etc.- Multiplayer lacking some depth.  There are very hard counters to each tech tree.  You have light armor?  I'll make heavy armor.  You have heavy armor?  I'll make artillery.  You have artillery?  I'll make light armor.  Throw in some (admittedly very good) air power and that's about as deep as it goes.Overall:Worth the buy for the campaign.  I will probably replay several of the campaign scenarios and may explore the DLC.  I may play a multiplayer A.I. skirmish on rare occasion.  I expect I'll end up with around 50 hours played time on it, which is respectable."
76561198012002107,Recommended,281610,27153391,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrSuicideSheep,When the sequel you dreamed of comes true and is multiplied by infinity you get this great gem of game. Enough said.
,Recommended,281610,27062024,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Germ0,"Story line is short, good but very short.  kind of made me think about just waiting to buy this when it was on special. I am not paying for new add ons since it's pretty much worthless at this point. kind of over paid for the campaign since I don't play this game online also. gg."
76561198093990062,Recommended,281610,27300211,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Watain,"I only wanted to ""Thumbs up""!/Only God will juge me..."
76561198005679221,Recommended,281610,26887242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Furvel,"This game is very immersive. The attention on detail is very thorough. Vehicles chatter among themselves and give clues on how a fight is going. Parts move separately from eachother on each unit, tires have suspension and miniguns rotate. It is very rewarding to zoom close in and watch.The storytelling is top tier and tells a story where you can argue the merits of all sides in the conflict, no easy good vs evil setting.Multiplayer is different from the singleplayer in that it is very fast paced. Don´t expect to have time to adore scenery midcombat, to alleviate that there is a replay function. The multiplayer also feels different in that it is in a confined space, where the single player had the journey as a focal point. The multiplayer felt more like a close combat brawl where units dodge and weave behind sand dunes to avoid line of sight (yes there is cover and height advantage) and reappear to give a quick jab and take out a straggling unit.The mechanics of the game seems simple at first glance, the amount of units in the tiers give the impression that it is the usual Rock Paper Scissors deal with counters, but it goes deeper with upgrades and overlapping functions on some units.A minor negative is that there is no collision detection, you cannot hide weaker units behind stronger, and shots travel right through friendly units but not sand dunes. It gives an odd impression when everything is so polished and then two units clip into eachother. Another negative is more of a preferance, but skirmish is easy when you get the hang of it (even vs hard AI) and multiplayer is very fast paced and has a steep learning curve.If you get this game on sale it is very much worth it. The dlc:s are variations of the two base armies and adds to the deeper tactics in multiplayer/skirmish only."
76561198011206383,Recommended,281610,26651057,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Madeyes2882,"It's like old Homeworld, but on the ground! Not really...but actually yes some strong similarities, which at first led me to think ""why not just devote the resources (RUs..) to a new game with the more traditional format we're used to?"" However once I dove in I found myself really enjoying this iteration of the game universe. As with the other games we have the same artfully crafted enviroments coupled with amazing cinematics and strong narration and VO work. Add to that simple to pick up mechanics and increasingly fast paced missions (Im a little over half way through) and you have exaustive and addictive gameplay. The usual ""rock, paper, scissor"" feel of most RTS' is present, however a wide unit base and numerous special abilties makes every engagement interesting.Perhaps the biggest improvement over previous HM games is your ""mother ship"" (in this case, Command Carrier). Gone are the slow lumbering targets of the past; the Carrier eventually becomes an honest to god fighting ship and a mastery of its extensive abilities and aircraft is essential to success.For a long time Homeworld junkie like me this is another great addition to the series, however I look forward to hopefully returning to the stars next time."
76561197970339016,Recommended,281610,28128565,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,wozhigh,"Like Homeworld but flat. Enjoyed every minuite. Gonna play again now and get everything perfect, just like I did in Homeworld.No big ball of ion cannons though, but you can stealBuy it!"
76561198028605834,Recommended,281610,28125505,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Adamus,"Capsule review; an amazing experience and RTS at its best but, like a really good book, you can't put it down and its over way too fast.The ambience and atmospherics created by radio chatter and radar pings is blended beautifully with engrossing, eerie music that immerses you in the action. The well voice-acted and sometimes wistful dialogue provides the hook and involves the player in the effort of the northern coalition's expedition.My advice on the DLC is definitely get the over-priced Expedition Guide DLC; I got it on sale and felt a bit better about it but it should be explored a bit first before you take off on the game. It sets the lore of Kharak and its people, so as to immerse you in their history, and sets the motivation for the expedition which is the single player campaign. They do this very well so it is worth getting as it will improve the game experience as a story.Everything about it screams of the original Homeworld games, from the unit designations to the resourcing style, so for fans of the series it is a must have. The Homeworld style of RTS is very unique and I love how they captured that in a desert based RTS (with air support, of course). The only single gripe I have is that I wish they had made more levels, or a second campaign from the Gaalsien perspective (though, to be fair, that might not have worked with the thread of the tale). Other than that, 10/10. A must have for RTS lovers."
76561198148613110,Recommended,281610,28093302,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,INKY  /ᐠ_ ꞈ _ᐟ\,You can hijack enemy crusiers and continously build up your fleet with stolen ships throughout your journey. That alone deservers a recommendation. This is one hell of  a solid game.
76561198059402888,Recommended,281610,28093507,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dr. Marmalade,Completely underrated game!
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,281610,28119694,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sidewinder,"I decided to wait for this game to be on sale for a second time, as I didn't think it was worth the orignal asking price of $50.  I am glad I waited and paid only $12.  As far as RTS games go, Deserts of Kharak doesn't offer anything new, or innovative.  There is one game mechanic that is unique, which allows for units at a higher elevation to shoot further, other than that it is a stock standard, RTS, collect resources and turn them into unts, amass a large enough army and go and attack the current objective.Rinse and repeat for 13 missions.  The game is ok, if you are bored and want something to do that doesn't involve any real thought.  The A.I is average, very easy to defeat and the missions are so generic that it makes for a boring experience.  I can't recommed this game at full or half price, but for 3/4 of the original price, its ok."
76561198335634067,Recommended,281610,28107578,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,elexe113,"If you like any of the old Dune franchise, this'll be right up your alley.  I loved it!  Love The carriers!  Fun game!"
76561198180012651,Recommended,281610,28131809,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Deus /Zachery\ Vult,fantastic game I've played a few hours of it and its one of the best if not the best RTS I've ever played.
76561197970805623,Recommended,281610,28132198,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Night City Overdrive,Awesome game.  Interesting and compelling narrative.  Campaign too short (12 hrs).  Needs another campaign or two.
,Not Recommended,281610,28132238,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,"Zincathion, the Last Teabender","tl;drFun but easy.Good storyFar to short for priceNo replay valueMultiplayer lackingOnly two fleets available in base game multiplayerExpensive DLC that doesn't even add full fleets, only replaces a couple units.Do not recomend unless on sale for at least 75%.It was a fun game, but I'm honestly glad I got on sale. It is definatly not worth $50.The campagn was very short, and far easier than I expected. By the time I finished the campagin my fleet was 300 over the population cap due to being able to steal units from the enemy. 30 honorgaurd cruisers is pretty strong. :D I finished the campagin in about 8 hours, and I took my time with it, gathering all the resources each map, as I thought they might be needed.The story was actually quite good though, so props on that.As far as multiplayer, it's fun, but for me, it lacks replayability. Could be from too much time in star craft. Their aren't many modes, and there are only two fleets to chose from, unless you buy the DLC. Considering how little there is in the game, and that the game is still $50, seven dollars seems mighty expensive for a single DLC fleet. The DLC doesn't even add a full new fleet, only replaces five or so and the rest are the same."
76561198008610690,Recommended,281610,28064249,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MegaAtomicRoger,"Awesome, still feels like a homeworld game depite the setting change. Is not just the franchise name stuck on something to try and sell more copies."
76561197966614606,Recommended,281610,28013441,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Edgemorn,"I've played RTS since Dune 2 (early 90s).The campagin play and story are very engaging. Captivating imagery in a fitting art style, leveraging game engine footage, and proper voice acting all contributed to a rich story with minimal production cost. I casually completed the campagin in 13 hours, which was fitting for an RTS that's meant to go multiplayer. Unit design is superb, the missions were interesting, and the game has a great feel overall."
76561197970550170,Recommended,281610,28071640,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Deppo,Fantastic game. Feels like a true game in the series.+Nice visuals and sound/music.+Nice variety in the missions.+Good diffucalty levels+Intresing story-A bit to demanding hardware wise.
,Recommended,281610,28057694,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,vs1toronto,"Utterly faithful to its original brilliance! It's an example of uncompromising excellence, while other titles and franchises dilute themselves to appeal to wider audiences for profit there are some who simply refuse to allow this rot to set in.As you go through the years most of the loves of your life eventually sour and disappoint as you discover their true motives and ambitions hidden before under the lies they project.....Thankfully there are a few that remain faithful and unshakable in their devotion to their original splendour.....This series started as a jaw dropping new odyssey and every title following has continued that lineThis one is no exception.....another triumph of how to do it right!"
,Recommended,281610,28044252,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MadDoc,"The ""High-Art of Game-Making"".A must have for every RTS-fan.The campaign is a cineastic game-experience.Just love this game,thanks to the Devs and Prods !"
76561197972282476,Recommended,281610,28046912,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gent! Deus,"A solid addition to the Homeworld lineup.I did not get the same sense of wonder that I did in 1999, nor when I played the Remastered version. The setting perhaps limited the story telling tools available. It was the story that very much drove me to play and enjoy Homeworld, which sadly was just not here in nearly the same abundance. Was the story bad? No...It was perhaps a bit dry, but not bad per se.I still very much enjoyed the 15 hours I sunk into the campaign, and would recommend this for any fan of the Homeworld series, but, with the caveat that it will not fulful you like you might hope.Still, I have hope for future installments in the series."
,Recommended,281610,28186346,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,sinistar,"To be absolutely honest I must recommend this game as it's an ok product. It is light years away from Homeworld though, literally in every aspect other than gfx. It's not great, and quite annoying too. The campaign is so heavily scripted that I can barely stand it. The voiceovers are nice, the story is appealing, though it's a copy paste of the original Homeworld campaign not in terms of the content but the events. It's yet again about oppression and running away in search of... this is it, nothing more than that. The problem I have with it is that it's a bit annoying to see yet another AI being dumb. Why would anyone keep sending a small scout/assault team into the same place over and over again, just to be destroyed, over and over again. I fail to see how that tactic would allow any faction to survive. They waste resources like if they had too much, yet you're always short of, and have to worry about every single craft, which btw is like T-34-85 vs an enemy M1 Abrams. You need a team of 10 to destroy a team of 5.I can't wait to see a game where AI is smarter than that and poses a challenge, where you could say: wow, this was smart.Other than that, the sound is good, the graphics are great, and not very CPU/GPU intensive if you have a decent modern hardware. I run it on my GT72 6QE laptop without any problems at all.All in all, I still recommend it especially for the fans of the originals, but it's better to get it on sale as the gameplay is nothing new or special."
76561198008222626,Recommended,281610,28195644,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,hibbi88,"Brings back the magic. Same controls, same vibe, similar units. Only difference is it's literally on a level playing field. Works well still."
76561197981827468,Recommended,281610,28194161,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,InsaneFriend,Great music to go with a well done story.  Suffers from a few little bits that arn't polished.
76561197986406556,Recommended,281610,28198840,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Running Wild,"This game might cause unintentional and totally uncontrollable urination due to it's pure awesomeness.Pros:- Absolutely fantastic narrative.- Good voice acting and sound design.- Attention to detail, for instance random radio chatter.- Beautiful destruction of objects.- Weather FX.- Map Design.Cons:- Ai paths can be annoying.- Unit selection can be frustrating.- No MOD support...(Dune mod would be mind blasting)- No Co-op.Despite it's small limitations, in overall:Pure bliss 9/10"
,Recommended,281610,28113156,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BurgerNoFries,"I picked this up during a steam sale for $16.99 and like a good book I couldn't stop playing until the campaign was finished.  This game is gorgeous.  My main complaint is that I wish there were more of it.  I would have been dissapointed for paying the full $49 price for it, but it's definetely worth the $20 range.  I also felt as though the final mission could have been easily extended into several missions, and the final boss was very easy."
,Recommended,281610,28533224,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Alpyro,Good game. Maybe  a campagne a bit too much scripted and short. But too short because I loved it and wanted to play more. ^^
76561198052615915,Recommended,281610,28526980,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,leemug,"Love it - all it needs is base building and you are back to Command and Conquer with modern graphics.If you hated , Ruse, Act of Aggression and War Game , don't give up on strategy till you try this game."
76561198028347868,Recommended,281610,28016927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Destructoid,This game is great for those who like games that can be for anyone but still for hardcore fans as well  This game takes us back to the golden age of rts and is wide open for a sequel .
76561198088377943,Recommended,281610,28351480,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,"Gregory ""The Balls"" Dwanson",10/10 Would detect Gaalsien air units again
,Recommended,281610,26932350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SammuelMiranda,"A great addition to the Homeworld series; a prequel to what turned to be one of the most memorable games in history (in my opinion, Homeworld 1 and 2)."
76561197992108666,Recommended,281610,26903751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nad The Inhaler,Thought this was a wonderful addition to the Homeworld franchise. Totally captured the atmosphere of the original two while reminding me of classic C&C
,Recommended,281610,22200873,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,farinni,One of the best RTS game ever :) (campaing should be longer) :)
,Recommended,281610,26873841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[ҒџпҜ] Borsk Fey'lya,Great game that does the original Homeworld justice.Good story although a little rushed at the end and units seem pretty balanced in single player.
76561198053864074,Recommended,281610,26587723,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,tom-servo,"I've been a long time fan of the Homeworld franchise, and I wasn't disappointed by this at all. I could maybe quibble about combat mechanics et. al, but for me it was just nice to play Homeworld again. I hope there are many more."
,Recommended,281610,28002992,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jimmyj,"Mystery, deep strategy, great story, great music, the sentimental radio chatter... Everything I was missing after I finished playing homeworld."
76561197972575506,Recommended,281610,28301244,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,knsi,"Nice presentation and gameplay, recommended."
,Recommended,281610,28361634,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SacRA,This game is awesome!!! I want more!
,Recommended,281610,28367971,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TheEnemy,"As an alternate setting for the Homeworld theme and look, this game captures the feeling of it quite well. If you're a fan of Homeworld, read on. The storytelling and narrative form follows the same principles as the Homeworld games and I grew a bit attached to my carrier and Rachel over the course of the campaign. Still, don't expect any masterwork storytelling here, it's decent at most and why I would only recommend it getting it on sale.The visuals are quite pleasing, despite being on a desert planet there's nice variation in terrain, the sand dunes both look good and work as line of sight blocking for units. All the units are nicely detailed and they leave lots of tracks in the sand.The gameplay is as any other RTS, though a bit more rock-paper-scissors than most. You can collect artifacts to improve your carrier over the campaign, giving a nice sense of progress besides getting access to new units. The campaign is not a challenge at all, though maybe it's because I took the time to collect pretty much all resources, meaning I never ran out. I only loaded on two occasions, once when an entire army spawned right on top of my carrier (the only example of bad scripting I encountered) and a second time when a mission ended before I had checked one last location for a possible artifact (read aforementioned comment about harvesting everything). I was really missing a speed up function while harvesting though and it made the campaign feel much longer than it actually was.The length of the campaign was fine, but I would have liked a few more missions spending some more time on lore and the relationship between the factions of the planet.In the end, I enjoyed the game and it had the right Homeworld feel, so if you liked Homeworld and want more, go ahead and pick it up on sale.Final words (spoiler alert):My biggest gripe with the story is that a big part of it contradicts the start of the original Homeworld. There their planet is attacked because they violated an old treaty, that they knew nothing about. That's the whole precondition for the start of the Homeworld story - and here they talk about it all the time."
,Not Recommended,281610,28322060,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dimagigo,"The game is good enough, but almost year passed after release and major bugs still exists."
,Not Recommended,281610,28319619,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,S. Gordon,"Well... were shall I start.Is DOK (aka Homeworld Shipbreakers) a game you should get ? Graphic wise it's a masterpiece, gameplay wise it sucks balls and it is a frustrating experience.The pros:- Graphic wise, (apart from a few glitches which I will turn a blind eye on here) the game is absolutely beautiful.- The story as far as I am now is ok by Homeworld standardsThe cons:- No tutorial to speak off. It takes trial and error as to know what units are great against others; see next in line:- Capturing enemy missile ships (who are strong against strike craft) seemed like a good idea ? They won't lift a finger against sandskimmers and just sit there while they are cut to ribbons.- The pathfinding of some units (especially Rachel's Runner) can sometimes be very clunky. It can mean a lot of frustration when she is under fire, which happens a lot!- Why not call a cat a cat and call the 'Runner' a 'Crawler' since it's slow as molasses.-Why oh why did we not get a 'stance button', this is an RTS after all,  which could come in handy if you are waiting for your capture ability to cool down without risking to destroy it since firing at a unit seems to be standard modus operandi of all units.- WTF have the devs done with the Tactical Pause option which was a trademark of the Homeworld games ?- Rachel sometimes ignores given orders, one needs to click the capture icon again to have effect.- Player units who need to stay put (like the railguns) just pursue their targets. They are defensive units, they should act defensively. (again, the stance button would be a valid addition to the game here!)- What good is a Carrier that cannot repair or dock units ?- The escape button does not bring up the menu, very original but everything but intuitive!- Rachel's 'Crawler' under 25% health should have the self preservation to run by herself since she is a critical unit. I should not have to micromanage this behaviour, again, a stance button could help a lot here.So my final account at this moment is:I 'm glad I bought it on sale at 50 % off. I would have kicked myself for buying this at full price. Solving the issues above would do a great deal in making this mediocre game a lot better. But until that happens... meh!"
,Recommended,281610,28106753,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gnagust,"Very tentative recommendation. Many annoyances to be forgiven. Got it and expansions for 17€, which I've felt it was worth.+ Nice story to immerse yourself in, wish it was expanded in-depth to make us appreciate the hardships Kharak presents.+ Awesome huge tracked vehicles to admire as they roam the sand.+ Good tactics are rewarded and bad tactics are severely punished.±(sometimes works sometimes don't.) Finite resources and infinitely respawning enemies in the campaign.- Few game options in skirmish.- Incredibly poorly optimized in almost every way. Low fps, stuttering and lag-spikes on embarrassingly low graphics.- Takes up to 30 seconds to load or start a game or mission.- Stupid and static control scheme.- Environments are a bit small.Long awaited game but underwhelmed because it doesn't let me enjoy it properly (see above)I wouldn't pay more than 15€ for it. 20€ with expansions to have it last a bit longer. Come on Blackbird, you've had more than enough time to fix this.Ceterum censeo Win10 esse delendam."
76561198161593345,Recommended,281610,28166217,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,燕麦战锤,GOOD GAME!!!!!
76561198053223311,Recommended,281610,28166218,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,McAwesome,"For the impatient... Fantastic game but not worth 50$ I got it on sale with HW1 and HW2 remastered for 21$ and its probably the best deal ive ever gotten. This game is very underrated.Okay more detail. The graphics are fantastic. Everything looks sharp unless you zoom in ALL the way, which never happens during combat. The art style itself is also fantastic and has the homeworld feel for sure.The campaign is really good and the homeworld style story telling (whish is about the best out there) is still in place and really fun to work towards as a mission reward. Its only 13 missions long which felt.... not long enough? But they were diverse and never felt tedious.The 2 main factions are different enough to make them unique, and the 2 sub-factions are decent but again I wouldnt pay full price for them.The game feels like a really well built and detailed demo. I wish they would make another with more content.Again I would highly recommend this game but not at full price."
76561198000109265,Recommended,281610,29127835,Posted: 8 January,all,[4th RRS] outlw6669,Deserts of Kharak is a game with great gameplay and an excellent story.It will be an instant classic for fans of the original (or remastered) Homeworld games.I only wish we could specify formations for our groups...
76561198049604389,Recommended,281610,31867347,Posted: 20 May,all,newbie pants,this game is freakn rad
76561198007904734,Recommended,281610,20798622,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,DiegoDog68,"In my personal view, the game is great in many levels but also lacks in many more.  Having the oportunity to purchase the game again, I would not do it.  I would look at how it progresses in the reviews, see what new content is made for it. see if MODS will be available, etc. before buying it."
76561198029531526,Recommended,281610,33217980,Posted: 3 July,all,GasLeak,"Yes, get it now from the sale. Feels really like good old HW1"
76561198001966202,Not Recommended,281610,29131266,Posted: 8 January,all,Nazmorgul,"Well, i finished the whole game in 12 hours of game time, on hard. Its a fairly short story-line, good but really short. You dont get much bang for your buck. Its a nice attempt to revive the homeworld series but comes out like a command and conquer type game. It has zero replay value and fairly limited options.At this time I would not recommend paying 50 bucks for it, its not worth it. They should have stuck to a space sim, since thats really where Homeworld really shined."
76561198219889955,Recommended,281610,30181677,Posted: 25 February,all,Phoenix,Have progressed through 8 missions.  Still new to the game.  Very much story-driven drama so far.  Not worth the money but a well assembled game.  Guess the money went somewhere.
76561198183956818,Recommended,281610,30221465,Posted: 27 February,all,Ironicus,"An awesome game and a worthy succesor to the Homeworld name. I expected a generic RTS trying to cash in on the brand but was happily surprised - the gameplay is literally like the previous homeworlds with the same mechanics, just in a desert instead of space. Sounds weird but it works!Great atmosphere, music, graphics... Campaign feels a bit short but maybe because I've been playing it non stop until I finished. Whether you're a fan of Homeworld or just RTSes, worth buying."
76561198010225637,Recommended,281610,27389725,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jibbis,An overall great rts game from the perspective of a homeworld veteran. There is one little glitch I ran into while learning to play it that can occur when you finish a mission with your resources depleted and your resource collectors have been destroyed. This was frustrating but there is a solution. You can start a new mission and then check the option to begin with basic resources. So overall this game is worth the purchase especially where it is on sale right now. Cheers.
,Recommended,281610,20755467,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,"I actually like this game, it's pretty alright. Wish there were more units though."
76561197994876565,Recommended,281610,30286972,Posted: 2 March,all,Fozgoz,"I do recommend the game (Singleplayer campaign/ didn't play Multiplayer).It delivers the Homeworld experience in terms of:+ unique graphics per faction,+ feeling of being lost (this time only in a large desert)+ good story+ rock/paper/scissor unit schemes+ AND NOW your ""Mothership"" can pack and deliver a punch (Oh yeah)And unfortunately it inherits old habbits like:- stupid pathfinding- units ignoring your orders for the 100th time- suicidal resourcecollectorsIt didn't crash one time while playing through the campaing"
,Recommended,281610,29157616,Posted: 10 January,all,Jet Wong,"Deserts of Kharak succeeds on almost every count. It's not only a terrific RTS that sets itself apart from the rest of the genre's recent games, but it's also an excellent Homeworld game that reinvents the series while also recapturing its magic."
76561198052924460,Recommended,281610,29105710,Posted: 7 January,all,Dickmelting Savage,"Pros:EverythingCons:Campaign was so good that when it ended, it felt too soon and should have been longer or included campaigns for other factionsCampaign was just a little bit too easyI'd almost rather this game was a movie or series, because the story in this game and the lore and world-building is good enough to build a franchise on.  Think Mad Max Fury Road combined with Battlestar Galactica.I rate this game 9/10 and highly recommend to any lover of true science fiction.  This game is awesome with the most props going to the writing and storytelling as well as all the detail that went into a truly immersive and cinematic experience.  It is simple and pure and concise.  It's very obvious that the team behind this game is passionate, careful, and very creative.I look forward to playing Homeworld remastered, and I hope they keep releasing more sequel or prequel games, because I want more.  I want to know what happens next, and what happened before.  Take my money!"
,Recommended,281610,29102300,Posted: 7 January,all,xenoterracide,"The campaign for me was ~12 hours, so it's a little shorter than I'd like. It's not epic, and is really only a 2d game, unlike the original homeworld. That said it's a fun RTS and makes for a decent prequel. That said it's going up against some of the best games of all time.I'd recommend buying it, if for no other reason than hopes that we'll get Homeworld 3 or a sequel to Cataclysm."
,Recommended,281610,28990751,Posted: 3 January,all,masterrix,"not as great as the original Homeworlds, but very enjoyable for fans.the good:  mission design, atmosphere, story, musicthe mediocre: graphics, controls, balancingthe bad:  AI7.8 / 10"
76561197997080547,Recommended,281610,30109696,Posted: 22 February,all,SomeDevGuy,"It's very similar to the past Homeworld games.  If you haven't played the past ones, it might take a bit to get used to the mechanics.  Resource management plays a big role in the Homeworld games and Deserts of Kharak is no exception to this.RTS games are far and few but if you're itching for another RTS, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak is something you should pick up."
76561198109819638,Recommended,281610,33179259,Posted: 3 July,all,V S P R,A MUST PLAY FOR RTS FANS OUT THERE!
,Recommended,281610,33566582,Posted: 15 July,all,Mazian,"At a discount, this is a good purchase.DISCLAIMER:I only played the campaign, and I played almost exclusively for the story. I had little interest in MP.SUMMARY:Deserts of Kharak (DoK) returns to the Homeworld formula, this time in 2d instead of 3d. This prequal returns to the time immediately prior to the original Homeworld, when the inhabitents of the desert world of Kharak are fighting amongst themselves over ideological differences-- science vs religion. While Homeworld presented a mostly united planet, set about the mission of discovering the origins of the species (for it was not their current planet, as they had long believed), DoK sets out retelling the story of the Kushan's final (?) war on Kharak prior to the unification that led to the Mothership Project being possible.PROS:* Persistent armies between missions, unit experience & advancement, a diverse unit list, a diverse faction list (really only useful in multiplayer), well narrated in-mission and inter-mission voice segments, an appealing aesthetic (kind of a comic-book feel to the inter-mission cutscenes), and a well scripted story that fit perfectly in to the Homeworld narrative.CONS:* Units are not very balanced. The solution to most fights is to mass cruisers with sufficient support to repair through all but overwhelming odds (and for that, sacrifice cruise missiles and air strikes to thin them out before crushing them underwheel.) The story is very short (8 hours to play through the first time). The artifacts that grant certain bonuses during campaign gameplay are not easily identified-- you have to scour the entire map and ""shipbreak"" the debris to find them all. The most valuable of the artifacts are the ones that decrease logistics costs, the rest are almost pointless on easy difficulty. However, there is no specific directive mechanic to ensure that you collect the critical relics. Additionally, towards the end of the campaign you are given 'superweapons' that reduce you to fighting defensively while your superweapons do the rest of the fighting for you-- and last, and worst, the AI is poorly written and balanced-- it will let you demolish units with artillery from afar without reprisal; it will churn out units endless, not held to any economic mechanic; The AI is not limited by line of sight and will throw endless waves of air strikes against you; the AI is not limited by unit speeds and is able to micro units to ensure squad cohension (unlike players). Lastly, technically the game does not render properly on a wide screen monitor. It has verticle bands on the left and right during inter-mission cutscenes and load scenes that show the PC desktop background sometimes (or Steam overlay may sometimes appear.) In-mission renders properly but not at the maximum resolution of my monitor.CONCLUSION:While I'm happy to see another addition to the Homeworld IP, and I appreciate all of the improvements over the original Homeworld UI, the game feels essentially like a retread of original Homeworld IP with a minimally updated UI. There are a number of parallels to Homeworld, including how certain scenes are presented, and how certain plot elements unfold. While I'm not opposed to formulaic stories, I could wish for a little originality when it comes to blending the formula for a new narrative. Being a prequal and on-planet is a nice spin, but by itself not sufficient to warrant unreserved praise.I think the metacritic score is justly awarded. I would recommend any fan of the Homeworld series to purchase it, but I would recommend you wait till its on sale (or until the price comes down to <$20.)"
,Recommended,281610,33571441,Posted: 15 July,all,Stuntman Mike,"What a great little rts game! A fantastic mix of Ground Control and Homeworld. Amazing atmosphere, simple but nice graphics and a story thats well written for what it is.Wait. Its 45 euros?wtf!Ok, sale it is then."
,Recommended,281610,33563800,Posted: 15 July,all,Hiigara Master,"I love this game. It's a great backstory to Homeworld. Gameplay is fun and challenging, but not too hard."
,Recommended,281610,33584974,Posted: 16 July,all,WarRaupe,"Good game, great story... true Homeworld feeling."
76561198006689642,Recommended,281610,33917026,Posted: 30 July,all,Ferex,"Nice game which tells the pre story of the original homeworld title.It's very nice to see, that the developers tried to keep the game mechanics of the original game.Even though I personally liked the real 3d-space-battles better I found it nice to have the chance to get an insight into the pre story of the original homeworld.In short: I recommend this title to all the fans of the original game, even though the game play itself can't reach the level of the real and unfortunatelly only homeworld title"
76561197988111894,Recommended,281610,34021039,Posted: 4 August,all,Mister Chalk,"This is a very well polished game, and I love the deep and interesting backstory presented about the fascanating culture and history of Kharak. The gameplay is fairly solid and certainly fast-paced, thrumming with that middle-eastern ""Dune"" desert sci-fi that I can't get enough of. For those points, it's a solid thumbs-up. Read up on the delicious backstory and you'll love every moment of the campaign.On the other hand, you do sometimes end up playing against the game rather than the enemy - I find the control groups are awkward to assign and clear in the heat of the particularly fast battles. Similarly, whilst I can unhappily absorb the lack of formations, it can be hard to ascertain the minutae of what exactly is going on and where: a Total War style pause button wouldn't have gone amiss for moving large intricate formations or responding to multiple distant threats. The enemy AI is reasonably good but ""cheats"" by not playing to the same rules as the player, at least in terms of economy and resource gathering, which makes conditions feel a little unfair in a protracted battle.So it's got some cons, but it's a great story and interesting world to inhabit. Just make sure to read up using the backstory app and, apart from suffering through some occasionally poor gameplay design, you'll have a great time."
76561198022181107,Recommended,281610,34054069,Posted: 5 August,all,Stevros1903,Great prequal good interface graphics and an engaging story. Just hope this signals the return to homewolrd games and not just remastered orignals with limited improvements :-)Wont say its the best game ever but will say one of the most entertaining RTS games ive played in a long while. Although the campain was the real seeling point for me and have yet to try skirmish.
76561198122986867,Recommended,281610,34094166,Posted: 7 August,all,Black Eragon,This game Story and units design are just awesome
,Recommended,281610,35478770,Posted: 4 October,all,EfiJP,"One of the best RTS i have ever played, just amazing graphics and nice storyline. High recommended!Check also the HomeWorld remastered! Amazing job!"
