user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,281690,13978596,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,RadiantChaos,"The Legend of Korra is a difficult game for me to review, because as a huge fan of the show, I want this game to be so much more than it possibly could have been. Let me explain.For fans of the show, it should be no secret that Nickelodeon hasn't exactly funded this show to its fullest potential - especially in the last couple of seasons. It therefore follows that the same was true for this game - when they approached Platinum Games (perhaps most famous for the recent Bayonetta titles) to make a Korra game, the intention was always to create a cheap, yet faithful, action game adaptation of the Avatar universe.That is where we find this game - that is what it is. It is not, unfortunately, an open-world, Batman Arkham City-style adventure through Republic City. It is not an amazing story that fits perfectly into Korra's adventures on the show, adding to the narrative as a whole. In fact, it isn't even fully star studded with many characters - Mako and Bolin make brief appearances, Tenzin, Beifong, and Asami are nowhere to be seen... the game is mostly just Korra, with the occasional pop-in from spirit-Jenora.This may sound like a lot of negative for a game I'm supposedly recommending - and that's because, for the most part, this game succeeds in what it intends to be. It is a fun action game - albeit one that struggles early on, as it chooses to slowly feed you your bending powers rather than give them out right away. By the later levels, though, mixing the different elements and taking on enemies with sick combos becomes satisfying. Add to that an art style that complements the animation of the source material and music straight from the show, and the package feels pretty good. Replaying the game is made worthwhile, thanks to the Extreme difficulty (for action veterans) and numerous unlockables.The game is far from perfect; at times it's frustratingly difficult, and the story is nearly non-existant - a shame, too, because the cutscenes are animated by the same team from the show. But the greatest downfall of this game is that it is probably the only Avatar game we will ever see, and it isn't as much as it could be. I cannot fault the game for that, especially at a bargain starting price; it simply wasn't in the cards.At the end of the game, while Mako, Bolin, and Korra exchanged banter as the credits rolled, I cracked a big grin, captivated by these excellent characters. It's a shame this game couldn't capture more of them, but it just wasn't able to happen. Maybe one day, this franchise will get the love it deserves in the video game department.Until then, this is all we've got."
,Recommended,281690,12599942,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kenuty,"Legend of Korra is a fast-paced action beat em up game from PlatinumGames. The game has some nice graphics/music and game play and is sincerely decent for hardcore fans of the show.StoryThe story takes place between book 2 and 3 but doesn't fit anywhere to the show itself and seems out of place place a bit but it is decent.. If you are not a follower of the show, the game focuses on Korra, who is the AVATAR (The one who can master all the element's Air, Fire, Water, Earth). Korra is going down the streets after a probending match who sees an old man being attacked and tries to help only to be attacked by needles and have her powers blocked off.. Now she is on a quest to regain her powers and find out the identity of the old man who tricked her.GraphicsThe graphics and art of the game itself really complimented the game well to the show though isn't extremely detailed it has the arts down well. There aren't many options to configure its cell shading type, but it looks absolutely fine. The game runs at a constant 60 fps and feels well optimized, which gives it a very fast paced game play.  Along with that the maps, the environments are decently detailed with limited destructable items throughout. Although beating up cars doesn't really make sense but is fun to do so nevertheless. There are show like cut scenes throughout each chapter that complements a completion of a chapter.ControlsThe game controls are a bit complex on the keyboard but are playable. The game tells players that the best way to play it is with a game pad for a better experience which feels right for this type of action game.Sound and musicThe sound and music to the games feel as if it comes straight from the show and is well implemented. Though the music often repeats itself many times throughout the game, The game uses the same voice actors of course to compliment the show, and the music is fantastic.GameplayThe game play consists of Korra being able to do light/heavy attacks  complete with charging, Dodges, Parry counters, jumps, and  switching between four elements. Earth is slow but does decent damage against enemies that block along with adding a little defense, water best for its range attack, Fire for quick combos, and air, which is great for groups of enemies. The combo system is not too complex and there isn't a combo tree to invest points in but rather a leveling system that unlocks new addition to the combos as the element is being used. Chi build up is from charging which powers up attacks and is needed to deal with harder enemies. When defeating enemies a finish button will pop up for players to finish off opponents with an extra button press which can link additional enemies as well to defeat them. Counters are very important to deal massive blow to enemies and very much needed in extreme difficulty and require timing. The gameplay is not horrible yet could had been improved/extended further but overall it is fast and fun.Other gameplayThe gameplay offers 3 difficulty, Casual Normal and Extreme which is unlocked after beating the game. The difficulty in the game spikes at certain places such as the triad fights and Naga final run minigame.Players are rated on their performance through each stage of the game. The game has eight total stages that players must fight through along with three stages that are an on-rail platforming requiring Korra to navigate with Naga with jumping, sliding and such to navigate through a maze of turns, twists, and jumps, which can get really intense in some section with its fast pace. There is also one part where one gets to play probending events and also a mode for pro bending itself which is quite decent and could had been a multiplayer game itself. The naga riding felt completely out of place and just wasn't needed but was added as a way to change pace from the usual beat the crap outta everything.EnemiesEnemies in the game consisted of chi blockers, triads, robots, and spirits. Each with their own type of moves and abilities and you'll understand thier patterns as you play. They can block, stun, blind, and hit Korra with unblockables. The real gem in the game is truly the last boss who definitely feels like a PlatinumGames boss fight and is completely epic to fight. Extreme mode makes these enemies much harder to fight and requires more thought put in.Afterwards and ReplayabilityAfter finishing the game players will unlock the final difficulty mode for  storymode which is EXTREME or play through the pro bending levels as replay value and search for hidden chest items throughout the game which only offers you higher scores and rank you during stages. Along with that, additional costumes will be unlocked for Korra. It will take 3-4 hours to complete the story mode itself. **WARNING** EXTREME MODE IS EXTREME WITH MORE MOBS and EXTREME! I died many times and took 10 hours to beat. Truly a Platinum challenge. Be warned and prepare to rage.OpinionOverall my opinion for 15 dollars I had some fun out of the game and was very amusing. It is a decently made game that was fun to play and had a really fast and intense game play. The combat system, however, was lacking and felt like a shaved down version of Bayonetta or many other PG games, Think of this as Bayonetta LITE and at best, the game felt medicore at times with the naga rail minigame, but nevertheless, It is deserving of playing if one is a fan of AVATAR and just getting a decent game for the show  is worth it.  Avatar, Which I knew nothing about until two days prior when i watched the entire thing to research for this specific game. If you have 15 dollars to spend for some quick avatar action fun or a huge fan/supporter of the show/PlatinumGames go for it, otherwise wait for the sale. If only this was a full budget title with more time given in making it. Perhaps we'll see one in the future but overall they priced the game for 15 dollars honestly sold the price for what they thought the game was worth instead of throwing it out 30 dollars which they could had probabaly done. Decide this one for yourself and think hard. Decent gameplay vs high production.Pros+ The art and graphic is fitting for this type of game+ The action is fast-paced and fun.+ The bending elements are fun+ Probending has its own mode+ The Last boss was really well done, truly a Platinum Games boss battle EPIC+ The music and voice acting along with the cut scenes does a really good job implemented from the show.+Various items to unlock and goodies found in the game+Extreme mode is amazing and challenging adds 5+ hours moreCons- Have to beat the game to unlock extreme mode- Short game 3.5 hours long to complete on normal.- Replay value, You can only play the game again to search for items, play extreme mode or play the pro bending. No online of any sort.- The combo system wasn't complex or extensive- The on rail Naga platforming levels is a wierd change of pace.- It is a pretty straightforward game each maps has small pouch areas leading to hidden items and such, pretty linear- It is low budget game for such a good show and I've only discovered it 2 days prior for review of this game.SteamCurator StreaminggroupTwitch/Yt Kenuty"
76561198032998289,Recommended,281690,13465878,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nalthren,"Considering the day I wrote this review was also the day of the final episode of Legend of Korra, I will say it did affect my opinion of this game.I bought it at the full price the day before it got its price cut out of loyalty of the series and due to how much nickelodeon has been dicking it around for years. For what it is. The Game is actually pretty good in my opinion, it was made by fans of the show, the creators had active input and a alot of the voice cast from the show came back for mostly minor roles. That being said, the cast is very small which is probably its biggest downside.Being set between books 2 and 3 you only control Korra. Which is alright. The only other characters from the show that appear in any capacity is Jenora for pretty much the 'guide' telling you when and where you can unlock abilities and all that even then its via her spirit projection ability. Mako and Bolin only appear during the Pro-Bending segment and minigame. Those are the only 'major' characters seen in the game.I will say my favorite part about this game is so far the Pro-Bending minigame. and my least favorite is the Naga Running sequences.Note once you beat the game and unlocked access to all 4 elements and the avatar state. Boss battles on reruns (atleast on casual and normal) become much easier if you take advantage of the avatar state.Overall it falls in line with the usual 'game based on a TV Series/Movie' line but its easily in the upper half as the developers clearly gave a damn in this case. If you are a fan of the entire Last Airbender franchise and especially Legend of Korra. Pick it up for a spin."
,Recommended,281690,12598420,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Cam0flaj,"Ok, even though I'm not too far into this game, I felt like I need to throw in my 2 cents because reviewers throughout the internet are absolutely destroying this game.Having played the first 5 chapters, I've gotta say I enjoy it! The game itself is beautiful and the cutscenes are well animated.   The character's voices sound pretty similar to the show, which is also a plus.  The combat shines once you get the hang of it(especially once you unlock moves and understand how the combos work), but even on easy mode the game can be tough.  Also, alot of the music is borrowed from the show, which is pretty cool to.  The Naga sections are a bit ""meh"", but they provide a challenge which is good enough for me.  Also, they aren't too long.  Just a little break in the action, which can be repetitive at times, especially in the beginning.On the other side of things, the story is interesting, but its obvious that Platinum wanted to focus on the gameplay rather than the narrative.  It's missing alot of the things that makes the show amazing, especially because barely any characters besides Korra show up.  However, this makes sense if you consider the fact that it takes place in between the 2nd and 3rd seasons, so they had to do something that would have no lasting impact on the characters and could go unnoticed in the context of the tv show.Update: Having finished the game, everything that I said above stands.  However, I will say that the story is VERY short and isn't exactly what I would call an amazing one, but I feel like Platinum most likely focused on the gameplay mechanics rather than the story itself.  On top of that, the game is meant to be played 2 or 3 times in order to complete everything, so there's definitely more than a few hours of content.  Also, the additional costumes are pretty cool.All in all, I think this is a game that's worth $15.  It's not a masterpiece by any means, but for any Last Airbender or Korra fans that have always wanted to ""bend"" themselves rather than watching cartoon characters do it, it's most definitly enjoyable.  It's good for what it is and it's price for sure.  Just don't expect a full-fledged, full-length Platinum game here.  If you want that, Bayonetta 2 is also out this week."
,Recommended,281690,13467093,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KN31SIcqoow&feature=youtu.beCombo chaining combat? Check.Hordes of enemies? Check.Brutal bad♥♥♥♥♥finishing moves? Check.Linear level design? Check.Slightly wonky lock on and camera system? Check and Check.The Legend of Korra offers everything that Platinum Games has come to be known for. The game plays out very well and the combat is where the game shines. The difficulty levels vary greatly ranging from the super simple grunts that you can easily button mash to death to the complete other end of the spectrum where you encounter enemies who will put up quite the challenge and you may even have to restart multiple times to defeat them. The game plays and feels like an E rated version of Bayonetta without quite the same level of pristine and polish, which is by no means a bad thing but it is certainly not a game that will knock your socks off; however at the low asking price of $15, this is a must have for anyone who loves the action genre.The games combat system is spot on and certainly hits its peak whenever you pull off a brutal finishing move to eliminate an enemy but the awkward targeting system and camera placement will become the cause of most of your frustrations with the game.  Another complaint is that the game does get repetitive fairly quickly as the game lacks a variety of enemies and also features a somewhat lackluster and generic level design.  The cell shaded art style used in the game are absolutely beautiful, however the cut scenes are the true visual show stealer of this game as they are both visually impressive as well as offering impressive voice acting. This game is the perfect buy for both fans of the series as well as fans of Platinum Games. As far as both Television licensed games as well as budget titles go the game is phenomenal and among one of the best of both categories.Overall the game offers a very enjoyable combat system that is sadly held back and contained due to the somewhat wonky camera system, limited pool of enemies and lackluster level design.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
76561197983740996,Recommended,281690,15791969,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Chane,"Although I am not familiar with the Avatar franchise, I still liked the game. Right when I saw the first video I knew I wanted to play this and the game did not disappoint me. I really enjoyed this game.Pros:- Fighting feels great- Easy combos, all combos are combinations of only two buttons- Pro-Bending arena games! This is like a small mini game within the game, but the pro-bending fights are total fun. I enjoyed them even more than the main game and you can play pro-bending for hours if you wish to beat the best team.- Very good controller supportCons:- The story is short and becomes a little repetitive. The game expects you to play it several times on different difficulties. If you like to hunt achievements this game is for you. If you don't and only want to finish one play-through, this game is probably not for you.- The story is simple and lacks depth"
,Recommended,281690,17754262,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Tom,"The Legend of Korra is a third person beat'em up, developed by PlatiumGames, based on the animated TV show, The Legend of Korra (oh rly?). It was released in fall of 2014, on all platforms.  I was playing this game having no prior knowledge of the TV show and no idea what any of the backplot or characters were about - you may want to keep that in mind whilst reading.You play as Korra, who is the series' heroine, and you have the ability to bend arts, magically and physically, these consist of air bending, water bending, fire bending and earth bending.  All of these different forms have their own positives and negatives to them, for instance the earth form, whilst being really slow, has mega powerful attack damage.  You can also create combos of different attacks by switching forms in the midst of your brawls.  All of the fight scenes are well well balanced; you start off with some basic enemies, and you soon work your way up to hoards or bad guys to work your way through. I really enjoyed the fact that some of your attacks also deal splash damage to other enemies close by.As well as the beat'em up style combo system, there is another slightly different gameplay element included in The Legend of Korra, and that is an endless runner sort of mode, similar to that of the likes of Temple Run on the iOS and Bit.Trip.Runner, you ride your pet polar bear Naga through various different tunnels, corridors and roads. This mode came as quite a nice addition, as it allowed you to take a break from the sometimes repetitive combat scenes.The graphics in this game are very nice. looking at the images I have seen of the TV show, they look almost identical, so the developers have done a good job in mimicking it into the game. The cut scenes are also very well rendered and set out, these are definitely made by the same people who make the TV show as they are identical.As I was playing this game as someone who had no idea what the plot of the TV series was, I still found the story to be compelling and interesting, having seen other reviews of this game, it actually seems like it was a bit of a blessing that I had not seen the TV show, as that is where most reviewers seem to come down hard on Legend of Korra. For me though, I really liked the story and it didn't put me at a disadvantage having not seen the show either.This game is not a difficult game to complete; there were a number of times on a couple of bosses where I had to retry a few times, but was able to overcome them quite easily after a bit of perseverance. If you watch my playthrough, you'll actually see the hardest part in the game I found, was when you have to fight two bosses at once. The end boss is also quite challenging too. Where the game does offer some slight advantages to the player, is that you can spend the spirits you have found through out the game, in the shop in between levels, this gives you the chance to purchase potions, revives, new abilities and passive bonus' to Korra. Some of the prices of some of the items are very steep, so if you want to get the best items, you really need to farm spirits by replaying previous levels to get them.Whilst The Legend of Korra is extremely linear, the game still has a very nice level design, the early levels more so than the later ones. The early levels have a number of different allyways, and different paths to follow with the reward of treasure chests or some sort of bonus amount of spirits at the end of it. The later levels not so much, they seem to be more coned into one path in order to progress the story.A full playthrough of this game took me just over six hours. I was very happy with the amount of content in the game, the shorter length of the game was counteracted by the really nice gameplay and story. I would of maybe liked to have seen a couple more hours added given that this is a big release published by Activision, but it is what it is. The Legend of Korra does have a ""New Game+"" mode upon completing the game which may push out another five or six hours out of the title, but honestly, I was satisfied with the amount of enjoyment and time I got out of it. There is also no multiplayer element to this game, some people may see that as a negative, but to me it's a null point, the game is still a fleshed out single player game.To conclude, I really recommend this game, especially to people who have not seen or heard of the TV show before. I went into this completely blind and had an awesome time playing. Fans of the series may want to watch out, as I have read some respectful reviews of people who watch the series, and they say the plot lets this game down. For me, this is a nicely put together single player experience with a good amount of content and some interesting game play elements that should not be missed by any beat'em up fan. I would say that £11,99 is a fair price for the game; so definitely pick this up if you can get it cheaper whilst on sale!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oA3iGYFFuEIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must play"
,Recommended,281690,12600595,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,NinjaK,"Pros:Fast paced.Accurate bending moves to the show.Great animations.Probending mode.Graphics are accurate to the show.Locations are accurate to the show.Counter attacks are fun.Nice price.Avatar state is amazing.Theres more to do after storymode.Cons:A lot of the same enemies.Some enemies are just reskinned of other enemies.No lip animations, so it takes you a bit out of the game when people speak.Storyline seems a bit flawed.Bosses powers are unexplained.Storymode is a bit short.Most enemies enter the battle by falling from the sky, which is a bit weird.Overall I'd say its a very fun game, and is definitely worth $15. Also, I'd like to note you most likely aren't going to understand the storyline if you do not watch the show. It's great a great game and I highly recommend it getting it if you're a fan of the show."
,Recommended,281690,13847918,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Valor,"In my opinion it's a great game and definitely worth its money.The game concept is pretty simple but still good and if you are okay with the fact that you are fighting about 5 different adversary types trough the entire game... you will have a good time for sure. Overall I enjoyed the fighting because its somewhat diversified with all the different bending types, blocking and stuff. But I also have a few things which I would be happy about to be added to game (those aren't con arguments, just my own improvement suggestions) we're some more Combos, Scrolls, etc so you are actually able to keep spending your spirit energy. Also Firebending is super strong with especially with some talismans... and it just looks relatively weak comparing to other bending types. I know that you will be able to get all archievements within 10 hours... but the final medals gave me some sort of motivation to really finish the game...One thing I really miss about The Legend of Korra is: Trading Cards - it would be so much more beautiful to have those!so here my conclusion:If you are an Avatar fan and you have a few bucks left, make sure topurchase the game and give it a try!For me it was worth it every single centI hope I was able to help you :)"
76561198047266382,Recommended,281690,16942874,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"You all are about to get your mind blown... Cause.. this is a super rare thing that I am about to say..Something made after a series actually got it right.Legend of Korra is third person and was designed for various consoles, so be sure to keep a controller handy, unlike formerly flopped Avatar game adaptations, Legend of Korra was released by Activision. It was finally released on steam October 2014 and was adapted for keyboard configuration. In saying so though, I do not recommend playing it with keyboard and mouse, because it just feels way too clunky.Basic breakdown of the storyline:obviously, you play as Avatar Korra in an 8 chapter set starting off in the midst of an all out gang war with the Triple Threat Triads within Republic city. The game then goes on to follow a new story that I believe takes place between books two and three after leaving spirit portals open in her world. An old enemy named Hundun returns to take advantage of Korra's mistake and threatens to tilt the balance of the world by using said portals and spirits within it to make his move.Graphics wise, Legend of Korra is utterly gorgeous. Now putting my bias aside for this kind of art, the game does a spectacular job of carrying the identical style from the series and in doing so makes it an almost movie-like experience at times as it ends up making seamless transitions between gameplay and cutscenes.Gameplay; at the beginning you start playing with all your bending abilities blocked, but are able to flick between the elements for hand-to-hand combat. Now delving into that a little further, rather than just having each one be the same combat animation, the developers took the time to put each bending style in it. Leaving you with the feel that your bending is actually somehow blocked, because you're still doing the same mojo with no outcome. (Quite like Zuko when he lost the drive for his fire bending in The Last Airbender.)You are able to unlock each element as time goes by and quickly establish which element is best suited to you, but also how handy and powerful it is to flick between the four of them.Counter attacks are also pretty smooth but leave a bit to be desired after a while within boss fights as it's generally the same action and outcome each time leaving that satisfied feeling in the dust at times. Also in that same breath, bosses only really have three or four different attacks, so the fights just become tedious after a brief period of time. That being said in the final boss fight, the last strikes leave you feeling so satisfied and happy with the outcome, finishing the chapter on quite a high note.The Naga running sequences have to be one of my most disliked parts of this game as they are the stereotypical -run with very little control and try not to die every time- kind of thing. After the initial one or two running sets, you have the ability to earth bend to help you jump and also fire bend to blast obstacles out of the way which does add a little bit more to it, but for me personally, these couldn't have been over soon enough.The game also offers a tonne of fan service which for hardcore fans like myself, is a huge thing in of itself. -Insert cabbage joke here-Moving onto the sountrack.. For the most part, it stays true to what is in the Legend of Korra series but it mainly reuses the same 3 background tracks for pre-fights, fights and Naga running sequences. Though it uses it in specific spots like in The Last Airbender series where each character had a unique piece of music playing to serve as their intro, this however, was horribly done and drove me utterly insane. For me personally I found this to be something that left a huge hole in the game, not to mention an annoying little thing I couldn't help but remember when watching the cartoon. Had they put a more diverse list of tracks, that would have been fantastic.Conclusion: Now, here is where my opinion is off with the fairies in two different directions -  even though I loved the gameplay and a lot of the storyline, the game as a whole was a little bit too linear, flat and controlled.Yes, the ending was amazing and left you with a satisfied feeling, but the game as a whole did not. It was a lot of ""go here, defeat this, go there, defeat that,"" with a bit of dribbled plot in between each of these. It just feels as though it doesn't have a core drive to the storyline, other than being an excuse to make an arcade beat 'em up. That being said, it does all come together well and I did enjoy playing it. The ending really did a lot for the whole game in all honesty, especially after watching the Korra series, the fan service is fantastic and it offers a great send off.All in all, it was a win as a whole and I really would recommend giving it a go, especially if you are a new or old fan of the Avatar series."
76561198052082503,Not Recommended,281690,15655954,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Esca,"Hi there,be careful - the game is super short.well I liked the series of Aang and Korra very much and thought what could go wrong for 7 bucks (50% off). The game is nice - movement and fights are smooth and the Element swifting with their different fighting styles is okay. Story is between the first two books of the legend of korra. In total I would say if you like these games like Naruto / One Piece  and so on ""why not"" ....But!I think it´s sad that people actually started producing a game with only 3 Hours worth of game play! I finished the Main game after 3 Hours ... after that you unlock a higher difficutly for the same story and ""pro bending arena"" which is entertaining for the first 3 fights and after that dull....So in the end I can´t recommend that game at all - It´s simply to short and it´s way to much money for the content of the game! I don´t need these 40 Hours contets but... a bit more is neccessary !"
,Recommended,281690,13177878,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Char Draesia,"The game felt like a nice, enjoyable episode or so while being the Avatar. It is easy to get into with the controls while it feels fluent and smooth so you can kick some bad guy butt. The only downside to this was a lot of repetitiveness with fighting groups of enemies but the sheer joy of taking out baddies with whichever bending of your choice makes up for it mostly. The pro-bending tournament is awesome to play and makes you feel like you are there, trying to make it to the top. If you want to experience being the avatar and enjoy the show, then this game is definately for you!"
,Recommended,281690,13512351,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Uber!.TVR,"I only recommend this game to people that are already fans of Legend of Korra. If you are unfamiliar with Korra you will get nothing out of this game.Story:The story is pretty weak. Only 3 characters involved with no depth to the plot. It's mostly ""THIS IS BAD GUY. HE IS BAD. GO DEFEAT AND BEAT UP EVERYONE IN YOUR PATH."" Only 8 missions which you can beat in 3-4 hours. You can replay levels with your current upgrades on different difficulties but thats about it. There's a pro-bending mode but there's not much there either.Gameplay:The gameplay is pretty fun but tends to get repetitive (especially the final boss). There's very few enemy types and you fight just reskins of the Triads quite a few times. There is some platforming sprinkled between combat. Platforming is just ok. A bit floaty and forgiving and no challenge at all. After some missions there is a Naga running minigame which is just your average endless runner clone. Overall the gameplay does make it worth playing but not for the $15 price.Graphics:The game does a good job at emulating the art style of the show. While it may not be the best looking game out there, it still is very pretty at times with good textures and AA that actually works.The graphics options are very poor. You have fullscreen on or off, resolution, and 2 graphics presets: normal or smooth. There is very little difference between normal and smooth. There are no advanced graphics options at all. The game runs fantastic though. I can't see this game running bad on any system.Other:No rebindable keysI do recommend this game only if you are a fan of Korra. Don't buy this game for the $15 price. Wait for the price to go down or a sale."
,Recommended,281690,13468409,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,sk8er boi,Not enough Korrasami and there's Temple Run-esque sections in the game. You also can't change any of the keybindings. Still pretty fun though.
,Recommended,281690,12954403,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Matan,Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind.10/10
76561198030031049,Recommended,281690,12598062,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,KaanBabaBurda,"If you are one of the hardcore fan,you will like it very much.As a starter, bendings and their combos are nice.But you will see yourself doing same things all again for a while..Game lacks serious options menu choices for controls.I tried using ps3 controllers to play but couldn't succeed.To sum up,you will most probably enjoy the game,yet see the issues that is bothering me.For 14$ its great"
,Recommended,281690,12599326,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,SpoonJuggler,"All the ""professional critics"" on the internet are smoking crack. I have never seen an episode of Korra nor Avatar and i'm loving the game, for 15 bucks it's a steal."
,Recommended,281690,27978242,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,rihahari,"Solid pick for all Avatar FansIt’s a good third person “punching and bending??” game.  If you’re a fan of either one of the Avatar series, you most certainly would love this game. It has a linear short story and a little tough gameplay. Definitely a good pick during sales.If you're an Avatar fanHave some feels“Leaves from the vinefalling so slowlike fragile, tiny shellsdrifting in the foam.Little soldier boycome marching home.Brave soldier boyComes marching home.”-Iroh"
76561198054671299,Recommended,281690,12633007,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,◁ Eclipse ▷,"""Not COD."" 0/10 -IGN"
76561197972177210,Recommended,281690,12650494,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MrNoskill,"I have to say that this is a simple, but very fun game. If you are expecting a big-budget, AAA game you're expecting the wrong thing.The combat is very fast-paced and fun with each bending style being distinct. The Naga sections help break up the combat and are quite fun.Overall, a fun game at a budget price that will last you a couple of hours."
,Recommended,281690,12598550,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Dr. A. Elemayo,"Enjoyable combat that doesn't feel cheap, okay story, amazing artwork, slightly clunky animation at times and solid difficulty. The LoK game is honestly a great little game, a perfect P* lite game.The small taste of pro bending they give at the beginning of the game was quite enjoyable looking forward to playing the full tournament mode once I beat the story.Voice acting is pretty good feels like some of it was pulled directly from the show rather than recorded directly for the gameIf you enjoy the show or Platinum games pick it up it's only 15 bucks and is sure to entertain for a couple hours if you run through each difficulty (normal platinum gameplay style)All in all a solid 7.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,281690,12602932,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,King Vegeta,"The Avatar series is one of my favorite shows of all time.  Sadly, this game is one of my least favorites of all time.  Here's why.FEATURESGame is really short.  8 Chapters each beatable in about 20 minutes or so.  Most of the game is about going back and earning the best medals through each chapter, which is hard because the medal is an average score overall medals earned in the chapter.The game is comprised of 2 modes.  Standard beat'em up levels and Temple Runner races.  There's also a ""Pro-Bending"" mode after you beat the game once but after beating the game twice I didn't really feel like playing it.  There are segments in the main game mode that give you a gist of what it is and it's not really all that fun.  There are Naga races inbetween missions that are like something you would find in a Mobile App Runner game.  You run straight, and hit left/right/jump.  It's really feels like it's just there to fill space. I was really hoping for more than just a linear beat-em-up with short Naga races inbetween as filler content.There is a shop where you spend Spirit Tokens on equipables/consumables and moves for each style of bending.  The shop is small, though.  About 10 talismans total, with 2-3 moves per bending style and a handful of consumables.  There's also Korra's Room, which is just a menu screen to change outfits.  Most outfits are just reskins of the same outfit.  2 of the 5 outfits you have to unlock via a secret code.COMBATThe combat is ""Press X/Left-Click 'X' amount of times then Y/Right-Click 'X' amount of times.""  Charging X/Y builds your Spirit which allow for more powerful attacks.  You also can time blocks for quick counter attacks that use QTE segments.  Stronger enemies can also counter, which brings up another QTE for you to counter their counter.  Overall the gameplay feels smooth and the animations are pretty sweet.  If you're expecting something high grade you'll be sadly disappointed as the combat in this game is really bare bones button mashing with well timed blocks/dodges.  While dodging all attacks go through you as well, so you don't even really need to move out of the way when you dodge.You attack with Fire, Earth, Wind and Water.  Fire is the worst out of the 4 and is poorly represented in this game.  Mostly close ranged attacks, and nearly every attack somehow never wants to hit your target.  Water is the first one you get, and is mostly long ranged quick attacks with medium range heavy attacks.  Earth is slow burst damage and is easily the hardest hitting element at your disposal, but it's slowness makes it a double edged sword leaving you open to attacks during your combos.  Air is the most powerful element as it has mostly AOE attacks with a crap ton of crowd control.  Simply put, as soon as you get air everything dies.At the very end of the game you unlock the Avatar state which slowly charges (very slowly) over time.  Once you activate it you become unkillable and deal massive damage to everything.  It lasts for about 20 seconds but that's more than enough time to destroy everything except for the final boss which seems to be resistant to everything you throw at it.Every other boss in the game is a Mecha-Tank.  They're more like minibosses actually.  There's one segment where you fight a big spirit instead of a tank, but it's pretty much the same thing.  The only real boss is the last boss and he is a giant HP pool with unblockable attacks and AoE's.  You don't really learn anything about him other than that The Avatar destroyed his body in a past life and he wants revenge.STORYThe story is really lackluster as well.  It's basically Korra, and Ginora as Navi, then the Main Villain. It's really disappointing that they didn't feel the need to have more of the characters from the show in the game.  Makko and Bolin make a short appearance at the beginning and have 2 or 3 lines of dialog but that's about it.  You don't see any other characters from the show besides Korra and Ginora through 99% of the game.  Sadly, Ginora isn't played by the same actor from the show either, although she does a decent job at trying to imitate her.The animated cutscenes are colorful, but they are choppy.  Sometimes it looks like a short slideshow.  It's not bad but it doesn't compare to the Animated Series at all.  Voice acting is good at least.  The only one who talks through nearly all the cutscenes is Korra so don't expect much dialog.   I think some sound clips are actually from the show itself, I could be wrong though.GRAPHICSThe graphics feel like they are a PS2 or GCN game from the 1st generation of games.   The textures are really bland and the level design is linear as you can get.  Some textures even look so poor it seems like they are from a PSX game.  The levels are nearly all a straight line with some offshoots that lead to chests with nothing useful in them.  They just give you more experience/cash.OVERALLOverall I was disappointed in the end but the ride was pretty fun. The whole game kind of felt like one big tutorial.  Once you get the 4 elements to bend it's pretty much over about an hour later.I'll probably get a few more hours out of it.  If you're a fan of the show or you just want a quick beat-em-up game to kill a few hours then it's worth the fifteen clams. You'd probably be better off waiting for it to go on a sale, though.  It's a budget title and the end result really shows that Activision/Nick didn't want to spend any real money to produce this game."
,Recommended,281690,13465395,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Technical3,"Legend of Korra is a short, fun, beat-em-up style. Definitely recommend if you're an Avatar fan and want to beat up some baddies. *NOTE: If you're gonna buy this game, I really recommend a controller. This just doesn't seem like it would be very fun at all with a keyboard.Pros:-Beating up baddies as the Avatar is fun and it feels great.-Art style and animation fits in well with the show.-Uses the opening credits and end credits of the show. Very simple. I like simple.-Cutscenes use the animation style from the show. They're nice and short.-Pro-bending mode is fun.-Bending is done well. Looks nice, feels good.-Gameplay is simple and quite enjoyable.-As you play, you get used to the combo system. It's deep enough to have fun with, especially with the bending styles that you can play through the game in different ways.-Bending elements are actually useful in various situations.-You feel super strong by the end of the game. Like super strong. That's all I wanted, you know? I want a short game where I suck at the beginning but I'm OP by the end. That's what you get.-They got the voice actors! And they do a good job.-Story is fine. Pretty standard, but pretty much all you need to fight some bad guys.-When you get the speed upgrade, you kind of feel like a ninja. Feels good.-Air sphere. Cute.-At first I thought that having an Avatar-based temple-run game at the end of some levels was stupid, but then I realized that I enjoy Temple run.-Game is only $15, which isn't bad.-New Game Plus mode. Yes. I love New Game Plus. I want all games to have a New Game Plus mode.Cons:-story is pretty short. Takes only like 3 hours or something to clear it on normal.-difficulty curve isn't perfectly balanced. It starts off kinda hard! Like I got killed many many many times! But then as you level up your bending and unlock power-ups, the game balances out.-Level design is simplistic.-Falling off platforms is lame and I think it takes away from the flow a little bit.- Sometimes the camera can be a little awkward. At times there will be a bunch of crap on the screen obstructing your character."
,Recommended,281690,16977572,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ownosourus,"Let’s get one thing out of the way first: If you’re a fan of the show looking to immerse yourself in a new story set in the Avatar universe, this is not your game. The story simply serves as a method to move the action from one location to the next and the main conflict in the story, which involves the equalists returning for some reason and robbing Korra of her bending abilities, serves as a way to make Korra powerless at the beginning of the game so the player can regain her powers as they progress through the game.You won’t find any familiar faces outside of Jinora, who serves as your magical plot fairy that reminds Korra of how to use her bending whenever she’s far enough along in the game. Mako and Bolin make a brief cameo at the beginning and end of the game, but for the most part, this is a one woman show. It’s a big shame too because the chemistry between the characters is one of the best aspects of The Legend of Korra. Without it, the dialogue is lifeless and mostly just consists of Korra talking to herself or the nameless thugs she’s beating up.All of the voices from the show return, but seem to lack the quality of direction found in the actual show. Jinora in particular sounds completely different from how she normally sounds, to the point where I actually had to check the credits to make sure she wasn’t a voice match. Even Janet Varney, who typically is fantastic as Korra, has a couple of moments in the game where it feels like she isn’t giving her best reads.The Legend of Korra utilizes a two button combat system that is heavily reliant on counters, very similar to the combat system found in Metal Gear Rising. Lelf mouse button is for quick light attacks, which can be punctuated with a press of right mouse button for a slower heavy attack. Enemies will flash red just before they attack to let the player know when to counter, but the timing window is very strict and enemies have multiple attacks. Some even have attacks that cannot be countered and instead must be dodged, and all of these attacks have different timing windows.Korra eventually gains access to all four of her bending powers, each one with its own particular use. Water bending is great for attacking enemies from a far distance, earth bending is ideal for dealing with large enemies with tons of health, air bending is the best at dealing with massive amounts of enemies all at once, and fire bending is there for those who like to show off with fancy air combos.The more you use a particular bending discipline, the more you level it up, and the more powerful it becomes. It’s entirely possible, and probably even advisable, to get through the game by sticking with one type of bending and maxing it out, as the game’s enemies show no sort of elemental weakness whatsoever. It’s too bad that the game makes no effort to get the player to switch up their powers mid fight, because that’s where the combat system truly shines. It does a great job of making Korra feel like the powerful badass she is when you manage to stomp the ground and summon a pillar to send an enemy flying, then follow them up with a firebending air combo to send them back down to the ground, where you crash into them like a rocket powered by airbending.The levels however, are not so fantastic. Environments are repetitive, lack detail, and level design is as basic as you can get. Korra gets led from one corridor to the next, beating up enemies, breaking pots and barrels for extra spirit energy, and occasionally finding a chest down the one path that doesn’t lead to the next enemy encounter.Ultimately, The Legend of Korra: The Game is not much different from your typical licensed game cash in. It feels cheap, it feels rushed, and it is also very short. If you’re like me — an action game nut — and you jump at the opportunity to become absorbed in a great new combat system set in the world of one of your favorite cartoons, then give Legend of Korra a try. Otherwise stay away. Overall 6/10."
,Recommended,281690,12602593,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Totalwar,"Story is a jokeThere is about 7-8 different enemy typesIt’s around 2-3 hours longExtreme mode is far easier than normal (IMO)Fire is OPFighting is fun but repetitiveGame looks and feels great tho a tad sluggish on camera controls if using a keyboard and mouseAll in all I had a ton of fun and if you are a fan of the series you will like it, I don’t know why “Professional” outlets gave it such a low score (Guess they did not get paid enough money) but I have never thought of them as reputable anywaysEasily would recommend a purchase and for $15 it’s a fun timeBest Avatar game ever!"
,Not Recommended,281690,16936167,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wysiwyg,"I saw this on sale today and wrote this review to warn others. How this has a positive rating is beyond me.The Good- Visuals, Voice acting and cut scenes feel like they are straight out of the show- Responsive controlsThe Bad- Fighting mechanics come down to just button mash or sit still and wait to counter- Boss fights, tedious and boring. No skill needed at all...you literally just stand still, counter, repeat.- Environments seems a bit blah...- There's like...4 different enemies in the game. 4 different Bender guys who you face again and again, grunts (with 3-4 color swaps), robot, and spirit. It gets tiring to face the same enemy over and over again.The Nightmare- Absolutely the WORST camera I've ever dealt with in a game.The waste- The bending tournament, not really a challenge...kinda boring even on the higher difficulty settings.You have to be a hardcore fan of the show to really appreciate this."
,Recommended,281690,23502084,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Manly Fairy,"This games gets a few things right and a few things wrong, so let's go over them allPros:1. Decent Learning Curve - Although there are very few actual game mechanics to learn (light attack, heavy attack, dodge and counter and each element as you gain it), the games eases you into each one so you get to understand them quite easily. On top of this, because you spend quite a lot of time with your bending limited, you learn to appreciate their fighting styles and adapting them to different situations.2. Obvious Roles - each element has an obvious role in the game, water and air are long ranged attacks dealing with single and multiple enemies, respectively. Fire is a fast & furious one on one combat and earth is a slow and heavy single/multiple enemies fighting style.3. Artistic Sense - artisticly, the game stays very true to the animation. This is seen in both the cel shaded characters as well as the environment and backdrop. The music as well is exactly as it is in the cartoon and this is exactly how games based on TV shows should be - faithful to the source. Now if only comic book movies could do the same...4. Fast Paced - This is a personal good point for me. As this game is partly a brawler game, there is a fast pacing in the battles. Although this is derived mostly because you fight so many enemies that you have to be alert to all of their movements, it still feels satisfying when you counter an attack from a blue equalist you didnt see while punching those green ones because you were fast enough to react.Cons:1. Awkward Camera - I don't know if it's just me, but for the entirety of the game I had to spend every few minutes adjusting the camera when walking because it didn't seem to do so by itself. This happened so much I became numb to this fact.2. Lack of Depth - The Legend of Korra is known not just for having fighting scenes. It is a show with deeper story than just ""this is a bad guy, time to beat him up"". The fact Korra was literally the only character throughout the entire game was very disappointing, and no, I dont count Jenora as a character in the game because she basically played the role of Navi (though much more quiet). There could have been so much more to the story.3. Short - For a game worth 15$, it didn't have much game time to it. You can finish it in about 5-7 hours depending on your skill level. The extra minigames don't exactly pass the time either, once you get their acheivements there's no real reason to play them again.4. Not Consistent - The game keeps changing between Brawler and Runner. At one point in republic city it even became a platformer for about 10 minutes. This game tries to be all sorts of things combined but it doesn't do it very good.5. Extremely linear - just as it says. There are hardly any secrets around and whatever secrets there are around, they're very easy to find.Overall Summary:While the game is not necessarily bad, it's not good either. I feel like this game was made just to sponge off Korra's fame and make nickelodeon some more money, and I'm probably right. This is definitely not a game designed for the adult audience as it just throws you from one mission to the next without pause, only to explain them with animated cutscenes.I feel like this game could learn a lot from the Ultimate Ninja Storm series. Giving the player the ability to free roam within Republic City (and maybe Air Temple Island) while taking quests from friends and strangers to unravel the story would fit perfectly and justify the 15$ cost. The stories in the Korra cartoon series never develop quickly but this was just another ""save the world from this evil person"" tale for children.So, would I recommend this game? Probably. It's good enough to distract yourself if you're a person without much time for playing games, but I would not recommend this game for people who are looking for a new investment to spend hours upon hours on."
,Recommended,281690,12705427,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Coffeechipmunk,"Video review coming shortly.Short ReviewWARNING: DIFFICULTY NOT FOR KIDS.This game is like a spicy food. You buy it, thinking you can handle it. ""How bad could it be,"" you ask, ""That child over there has it, how bad could it be?"" Your face turns red, and you go into a coughing fit.That, is Legend of Korra.At heart, this game is a normal fighter. It can be a bit repetitive, but for me the story makes up for it. The cutscenes are ""eeeeh,"" as most of the time the people talk, but yet their mouths don't move. This is the case for the ""in-game cutscenes"" as I like to consider them. Theactualcutscenes are okay, given a look of the show, but with lower quality animation. Speaking of the show...Just in case you were not aware, this game is based on a show on Nickelodeon (I know, shocker!) with the same name, which is the spinoff of Avatar: The Last Airbender. There is a lot of storyline in those 2 shows that lead up to this game, so I suggest watching before playing.Long ReviewGraphics: 8.5Gameplay: 9Story/Lore: 10Controls (Keyboard) 2Controls (Controller) 7.5BONUS: Bending: 10BONUS: Spirit Shop: 10Total: 8.14Graphics: Although the game has graphics expected from this type of game, being cell shading, it's pretty lame when it comes to the graphic options. You have 2 choices for graphics; Normal and Smooth, the latter being a faster running version for not as good computers. ""But hey,"" you, the possible buyer asks, ""At least you have SOME options."" Haha, that's funny... You're serious? No, there is no subtitles, no fps changing, you can change brightness, resolutions, fullscreen, and, like before, 2 graphic options.  The resolution, however, goes up to 1920x1080, which is pretty good.Gameplay: Now, the game gets a bit repetitive from time to time, especially on the mini-bosses, and theTemple RunNaga runs, which to me are the worst part about the game, more on that later. However, this game, as stated before, is very difficult. Now, not like ""solving a complicated puzzle on your own"" kind difficult, like a ""The enemies are 10x stronger then me"" kind of difficult. However, killing your first giant robot really makes you feel like a badass. This gives you a sense of completion once you beat that one level you've been trying to beat for an hour, and you finally beat it. The Naga ""Minigame,"" where you have to navigate your way to the end, with multiple obstacles along the way, which to me is just something to increase the playtime. This game also has a gametype unlocked after you beat the game, called Pro-Bending, which is this:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=334343122Basically, it's a 3v3, where you and your team, the Fire Ferrets, fight 5 enemies per difficulty It's kinda hard for me to explain, so read about ithere.. Yeah. Now let me tell you, it isn't that hard on the first 2 difficulties, but the last fight on Ace is hell.Story/Lore: Now, having 2 series, spanning over a whoppingSIXyears, it gives you quite a bit to work with, and... Well, they didn't use what they were given. I haven't been caught up on LoK, only watching Season One, so I don't know much about the story, but it seems like a little non-canon story, like the extras you find on the DVD Releases. The game story itself is pretty basic, although the lore of the main antagonist I found interesting. Above all else, it has a major  ""Oh my goooooood!"" Trolls 2-esque scream, on the final level, no spoilers though.Controls (Keyboard): Now, I actually had to go and try the game with a keyboard when I got here, as I always played with a controller.It's bad. Like, really bad.The camera controls are awful on keyboard, and for the life of me I couldn't figure out how to block. I'm making this short, because there isn't much to say about it, excecpt about how terrible it is. It was an experience that I never want to try again, and now I know that there is a solid reason for them suggesting a controller at the start of the game. I physicallyHURTwhen I play with a keyboard, it is that bad.Controls (Controller):Played with a wireless Xbox 360 controller.This game rocks with a controller. It plays very smoothly, and everything feels in place. The camera is easier to control, but still not ""good."" You can easily maneuver, wether it be around the map or out of your foe's way, you will have no issue. Still, with the only control option being ""Vibrate,"" invert-Axis for X and Y, and camera sensitivity, it's pretty lacklustered. so I took 2 points off of both control ratings.Bending: The bending in this game is something amazing. Each element is played how they should be, and how they are in the series. Fire is super fast combos, Earth is slow and clunky, but super powerful, and Air is a powerful AoE. Water is the element you start off with, and is sorta inbetween Fire and Earth. It is also good when you lock on, as the water bolts will travel all the way and attack them, making it the element with the best range. You unnlock  these 4 elements over time, respectively. This may be because of what happens in the game, and not because learning it the first time, but you go water, earth, fire, wind, which most Avatar nerds know isn't right, only slightly off, being that air bending issupposedto be the easiest to learn. However, this may have been done on purpose, to signify the order in which she unlocked them in the series.Spirit Shop: The Spirit Shop is like any other vendor/merchant in other games, they sell you consumables and whatnot. In this game, you have 3 options to pick from:ConsumablesScrolls/Elemental BooksTalismansConsumables is self explanitory, Scrolls and Elemental Books give you powers, which you can unlock as you scale your bending powers. Talismans are equipables that gives you certain buffs and debuffs. Example: Get double health, but half the power. This allows for more interesting gameplay, as you can change up your play style. You can be a tank with little damage, or a glass cannon that destroys everything, but dies in 2 hits.Total: Overall, this game is very much worth the $15, and I have no regrets buying it.Thanks toParanoiafor helping me out!"
,Recommended,281690,32212328,Posted: 5 June,all,Unknown Hinson,"First, if you're a fan of the series there is no way you will not enjoy this.Now. It's not Platinum's A-Team but it's not priced to be. This is a lightly-shallow combat system with the occasional minigame throughout. But it's not Platinum dragging their feet. It seems like they had a budget and they did well within it. I, myself, have gone through the game at least two or three times but I will admit I'm a big fan of the show.I have not played Transformers: Devastation but it seems like a similar sort of product where the length of the game should be appropriate with the price or it's a must buy for heavy fans. I myself really love the differences in the elemental combat styles and if this game had been given a bigger budget they could have done some really cool stuff with switching elements through combos but we're lucky Nickelodeon funded the game to begin with!I find few will regret picking this up, especially at the prices these days. I pre-ordered it and never once felt a single regret."
,Recommended,281690,12628071,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,inky,"Don't listen to reviews. This is a solid 5-6 hours of fun. The game is a little bare bones due to its budget nature, but the combat makes up for it, and the high difficulty proves a nice challenge during a second run. Give it a fair chance."
,Recommended,281690,13224746,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"It's certainly not Platinum's best, but there is fun to be had here if you like beat em up games so long as you don't mind fighting the same 8 or so enemy types throughout the entire game. Definitely worth the cheap price it's asking for since it's clearly a budget title; Just don't expect Devil May Cry levels of depth.Games like this make me wish steam had something in between yes and no, but I lean more towards yes on this one.**Only if you like games in the genre."
,Recommended,281690,12634449,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Necrom,"Great game at a budget value.It will please the fans and non fans alike, with fluid and satisfying bending combat mechanics and old school overall design, most of the time you'll feel like playing one of the old genesis beat then up, but with this gen graphics and mechanics.Don't expect an amazing story, we have to show do attend to that, the story is just there to keep the game flowing, think at is as an filler episode after the second season.Pros:+Combat+Atmosphere+Old school desing with nowdays mechanics+Chalenging Boss Battles.Cons:-Story could be better"
,Recommended,281690,19579369,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"I've never really watched any episode of Korra. I've seen some from Avatar: The Last Airbender and check sometimes the wiki. I must say that I've come late in the fandom but well...Yet, I've bought the game. In this game, the story is set after Season 2 and before Season 3. Korra is defied by an ancient evil and looses her bending. She will regain it back but piece after piece. Will you survive an attack with Dark Spirits, Equalists and Triads?Korra is the main protagonist but Jinora is making an appearance through spiritual projection, Naga is present during her own running sequences, Mako and Bolin are still your teammates for the pro-bending tournament, which is set apart the main story and well, you'll give more work to Asami Sato given the fact that you're destroying many Satomobiles. Iroh is also making an appearance because you can buy stuff from his shop.However, Korra is really all alone and I'm kinda sad not to see the rest of the team.The gameplay is more a beat'em up/rpg style though you're seeing a lot of actions. Every step you're taking will be met by enemies (benders and non-benders). Each time you're using one of your elements, you'll level it, so that you can unlock new combos. You can also use items to heal yourself or to enhance your powers. Notice that you'll use also the Avatar State.Also, what is cool is that you can play levels after beating it, mainly because you have chests behind an element plate: if you didn't unlock it, you can't open them. Besides, these chests are often containing collectibles. And breaking elements are also healing you or helping you to get your spirit high.There are Naga running sequences, where your goal is to arrive somewhere by avoiding any obstacles. With elements you'll unlock, you can use them for jumping higher, going faster, protecting yourself, etc.. Besides, be sure to master that because you'll need it in the higher difficulty of the game as you're also fighting mecha-tanks.The pro-bending tournament is a nice feature too apart that as Korra, when you're knockdown, it's an automatic lost match. There are three difficulties and the last one is really a challenge. The Wolfbats are present and so is Tahno. He's the only opponent that will speak to you during a match.The graphics are also quite good. Given the fact that The Legend of Korra is a cartoon, it's normal that the game stays in that style. The soundtrack is good and the voice acting is great.I loved the game, the controller is really useful in that case. The challenges are nice, though I've kinda found some battles a little hard when you're in the easy difficulty, the little platform in 2D view has made fall a lot of time and I may have cursed some Naga sequences in the higher difficulty. However, the game is well-balanced, fun enough and with varied places (Air Temple Island, Republic City, South Pole, Spirit World).I'm recommending that game. 15 euros is a proper price for it. PS: Korrasami shippers, there is no Asami/Korra interaction in it (but well, Season 3 and 4 are there anyway, Turtleduck Date Night was also a nice picture and we'll probably have more with the comics arriving)."
,Recommended,281690,32073847,Posted: 30 May,all,TGMayhem,"This game is incredible. Brings back many different happy memories of the terrible movie and amazing TV seriesI love the graphics ingame they are great, nothing to complain about.The story is also very good because you get to re-visit some of the past episodes from the series, kind off.Obviously the fact korra is the avatar is on its own awesome.You get to crush enemies will all bending, as you unlock it.Water and fire are by far my favourite.Some of the fights are boring at times and it can become very stressfull if you dont know how to complete different combos, you will learn over time (its not that hard).I really want another movie, or a remake to the first one too. Or, even another Avatar tv series.Overall 10/10"
76561198056922004,Recommended,281690,13241650,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Blade Regalia,"I don't know why critics look so poorly on this game. It's not a masterpiece, but it's done a very good job of making you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥element bender. The combat is very smooth and well done. Move sequences are actually memorable and you strategically pick what element and combo to use based on your situation. True, many enemies are simply recolored, but most are given additional abilities or a completely different skill set. For a budget game, I have to respect the methods of cost reduction they use. Recoloring already made assets and changing the skills is quite fine in my books. Far better than grinding currency to obtain an item required for the next area. Looking at you castlevania... The game is not pointlessly elongated with such cheap tactics. The game will take around 4 - 7 hours and then you're given pro bending mode, which is hella fun. The AI's are quite balanced and it's not that easy to dominate every match. I got round 1 knock outs for 4/5 matches on the captain difficult and then on the 5th match, I was the first of my team to be knocked into the water! It's a lot of fun and quite challenging.What is lacking to the game is an interesting and detailed story. We know very little about the background of the villian and that just makes us.... not care, but really 90% of my excitment was bending elements and 10% the story when I went into the game. So it doesn't bother me that much. For the game budget, it was made extremely well. Definitely recommend. Considering I'm so dissapointed with CS:GO that I want my $3.75 (sale purchase) refunded and yet I'm totally happy with me being $10 for LoK, that's saying something."
,Recommended,281690,13364442,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,The Snacrifice,"Actually very, very good for 15 bucks. And it's by Platinum!This game is not the best. But it's a very solid 8/10. It's relatively short(I beat it completely on the highest difficulty in a little under 6 hours, with 90% of the achievements), and you can tell they didn't have a huge budget, but the game itself just feels very good to play.The story is incredibly lackluster, explained only in a few cutscenes and in-game dialogue, but it was written by the creators. Most of the voices are from the voice actors of the show, which is a nice touch.Gameplay is very solid, with the different elements feeling the way they should. Earth is heavy and ponderous but does high damage, fire is quick but agile, air has lots of sweeping hits, water is your at-range fighting stance, etc.The enemies are pretty underwhelming in terms of variability, but the devs work around having only about ten different models by swapping colors and abilities, size changes, etc. You'll roll your eyes a bit towards the end of the game at how quickly they ruse models, but it's still satisfying to fight all of them.Each level is interspersed by infinite-runner like stages on Naga(Korra's pet polar-bear-dog thing). These I think are actually the weakest part of the game, since I found myself just rushing through them and hoping to finish them quick as possible(and one of them on the highest difficulty is absolutely annoying).Sounds are good, with voice actors where appropriate, and music themed to the show, but nothing amazing.The camera actually works very well(excepting a few issues when in a boss arena and close to a wall, but that's the same issue in every game of this genre), and thecontrols are incredibly tight. There's no double jump(which is a shame), but you get used to it.There's an optional component called 'Pro-bending', based off a sport from the show. This is actually very fun! The later challenges has the computer cheating a bit I think, but it's doable and feels like a worthy challenge. Honestly my biggest complaint here is that there's no vs. or co-op or online play. I'd pay fifteen bucks just for an online version of the probending game!"
,Recommended,281690,12635782,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,dnc510,"Now let me start by saying I've been a huge fan of this show/universe since ""The Boy In The Iceburg"" aired nearly 10 years ago. I know this game has gotten a lot of mixed reviews, but despite my love of avatar, I'm not gonna sit here and defend the hell outta this game. To me personally, I'd say overall I enjoyed the game. It's not the best game by any means, and there were a lot of things that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about it, but it was still fun for me. I liked the story, and how it seems to tie in to book 3 nicely, but there's a lot of cons. I dodn't like how empty republic city was. You've got this huge vibrant city from the shoe, with NOTHING but enemies, and the occasional moving satomobile in the distance. Literally no characters from the show appear aside from Korra, spirit Jinora, and mako & bolin for like 5 seconds. The combat was the other thing that bothered me. It got insanely repetitive. Having only 2 buttons for combat was really a turn off for me. I also disliked the lack of different moves, and not being able to combine all the elements. I also hated how easy the game got once you unlocked the avatar state. LIke, my strategy was just airbend, avatar state, repeat. It was even more op when i grinded and got the item that keeps chi fully charged. I also didn't care for the counter system, as it rarely worked for me. Other than that, the only other things that bugged me were the random glitches, and the lack of thought in relation to bending. Like being able to earthbend anywhere bugged me. Last i checked, earthbenders can't earthbend on wood standing over a bottomless pit. Overall though, I'd say I recommend the game if you have the patience, or like these kinds of games. I had higher expectations for the game, but for $15, it was a decent game."
,Recommended,281690,23289969,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jacky Cola,You might think it's a Kids game but on hard difficulty you gotta be adult asian to beat it.
,Recommended,281690,12602536,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Alastair,"I can think of three reasons you may want this game:1.	You are a big fan of Avatar/Korra.2.	Arkham Knight is not out yet.3.	You are a big fan of Avatar/Korra, and Arkham Knight is not out yet.I think the best thing I can say about The Legend of Korra is that it’s priced perfectly.Now, the reason I say this is because it definitely feels like a budget game; the cell-shaded graphics, while definitely good-looking, capturing the hand-painted look and feel of the Avatar universe, are certainly not quite up to scratch with other recent cell-shaded titles, such as the upcoming Dragon Ball: Xenoverse or Naruto Shipuden: Ultimate Ninja Generations Super Ultimate Whatever Fighting Storm Revolution 3 or whatever the hell that game is called. The lack of an anti-aliasing option, I feel, is a major contributor to this, as is the lack of a fancy lighting system. But, like I say, it’s a budget game; there’s only so much you can expect, and it does well with what it has, overall.On top of this, the in-game animations look a touch clunky at times, and enemy variety is a commodity; they’re not fooling anyone by recoloring the triads every 20 minutes. The camera also left a little to be desired; it often leaves you having to assume the claw-position with your controller to adjust it mid-combat. With this said, the cutscene animations are fabulous, and could have been ripped straight from the show itself.The combat system is, overall, well made; the game does a good job at introducing you to the four bending styles, and giving you a feel for the weight and timing required for each one very quickly thanks to the games intro sequence. A flaw with it, however, is that it does inadvertently encourage you to power level with one, and leave the rest behind.The blocking/countering system works whenever the hell it feels like it, and the way it warns you of an incoming attack bears only a vague relationship as to when the attack it’s warning you about will take place. On top of this, the red glow which warns you of an incoming attack tends to blend in with the environment or large crowds, which at many points caused me to abandon any kind of real tactics and spam X vaguely in the direction of fools that needed defeating; you likely won’t need to buy any extra combos or attacks to pass through tricky sections, with perhaps the exception of the final boss.I’m coming off way more cynically than I intended. I like the game, just to bring you up to speed.The voice talent from the show is a welcome addition, lending the game a sense of authenticity. The games plot slips conveniently between seasons 2 and 3, true, not without a few raised eyebrows and excuses, but nonetheless it fits well. The games story is serviceable, with enough intrigue and mystery to make you want to know what will happen next and who the villain is, and what his beef with the Avatar is, even though it rarely rises above “Punch the bad guys!”The Naga sections are a blatant, albeit well-made clone of Temple Run; you catch the gems by dodging, ducking, jumping and turning as you gradually pick up speed. Overall, they feel a little thrown in, and I would have preferred a Naga-cuddling minigame, but with the exception of the hair-pulling final Naga section, they’re not too bad. They bulk out the games run-time, if nothing else.The games run time is what you’d expect for the price; I blasted through to story end in 5 hours, (in fact, I write this immediately after beating it; perhaps a re-review will be warranted after a second, more analytical and relaxed-paced playthrough) but beating the game brings a pro-bending mode and a new difficulty setting (I’ve always thought it a little cheap when the hardest difficulty mode is an unlockable, but whatever), plus there are numerous outfits and smirk-worthy vanity items to unlock throughout the game. So, overall, a decent amount of replayability. On a side note, I would totally buy a stand-alone Pro-Bending game if it had online multiplayer.Despite coming off far more negatively than I intended, I really enjoyed this game for what it was. Assuming Arkham Knight is not out yet, give this game a go!"
,Recommended,281690,12602614,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"Already finished the game on Extreme difficulty yesterday. Story is kinda meh, fit in after the events in Book 2. And it's very short, I can finished within 3 hours. Only 4 characters from the series make appearance; Mako and Bolin (only in pro-bending), Jinora (in spirit form) and Iroh (in spirit shop). I wish I could see more characters like Tenzin and Zuko (although he only appears in Book 3). Enemies are mostly chi blockers and Triple Triad gang, and color swapped. Spirits also appear as enemies to fight. Big enemies only mech and giant spirits. Soundtrack are bland and hardly noticeable other than the ones from the series.The best part is the combat. Some kind of trademark from Platinum Games. Simple enough for button mashing casuals and deep enough for those combo-centric players. You can string between light attack and heavy attack into combos and you can string between different elements. You can charge the chi meter to increase the strength of the elements and use special moves like teleport attack for firebending. You can also buy combos using the spirit energy at the shop. Some of the moves are taken from the series like the airball. You can also equip talisman to improve your stats before playing.Pro-bending mode which is unlocked after you finished the game is good mini game. It's the same one from the series, including the rules. It's a good game to practise your counter attack as this game heavily rely on it. Too bad no multiplayer for this. Could be fun sparring against other player.If you're looking for games with good story, this one is probably not for you, especially if you're not a fan of the Avatar series. But if you're Korra's fan and loves this kind of game, then you should buy it."
,Not Recommended,281690,16274116,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,diversity is white genoside,It really could have been something much more if it had a higher budget. The gameplay is nice but the story is done poorly. Worth a purchase if on sale.
,Recommended,281690,19828569,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Trevor,"Never watched the show, didn't really matter. Platinum delivered yet another solid action game with some interesting takes on the mechanics they've used before in Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. Combat feels great and the parrying and clash mechanics are very satisfying.It's a bit short and runs out of steam near the end, but it's a budget title so these things can be forgiven. It at least has a fairly satisfying final boss with some new things to it, which is rare these days.Overall, I think this would be a fun little jaunt for fans of Revengeance, Devil May Cry, or Bayonetta."
76561198066122631,Not Recommended,281690,16414261,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,playboi14,Glad I bought this item when it was on sale because it's not worth its full asking price.Everything felt bland and lifeless. Fighting the same pallet swapped enemies constantly.Combat is pretty fun for a bit but gets old quickly.
,Recommended,281690,28905480,Posted: 1 January,all,Lintire,"Legend of Korra finds itself in a funny place.I'm a fan of mediocre, middle of the road action games, licensed or otherwise. Legend of Korra is not one of those, it is a legitimately good action game that happens to be licensed and very short. WayForward's Batman: The Brave and the Bold was lauded for its energy, Starbreeze Studio's Chronicles of Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena was lauded for its accuracy, Legend of Korra is mostly noticed for being a mediocre Platinum game.""Hah hah hah hwaaaaah""-Sage Something, villainYou have the ability to switch styles mid-combo, to counter most attacks and dodge the few you can't - with quite a bit of distance at that - to take on any combination of enemies at any time . Every single mechanic works, works well, and is never phased out of usefulness. Every item has its use (XP ones aside, those get phased out quick), every style has its place, and the levels are fantastically paced with you zooming through them with ease.You're taken from cities to temples to arctic coasts, and the enemy variety never fails to deliver - especially with endgame Talisman or enemy movesets, no single enemy proves to be either an annoyance or a bore. Even the standard Platinum minigame proves to actually decent this time around - the ""Naga Running"" segments are somehow fun to replay and give you enough tools and player initiative that they don't get boring.It occupies the highest echelon of licensed games, one that is fantastic on any metric.Of course, it's not their best work. It is plagued by problems, quite a few of them. For starters:it's short.First playthrough on Normal took 3 hours, and that was with lengthy pause times and idling. There's 8 levels, with about 5 ""real"" levels, the others being retreads of other levels or rather garbage story sections. The entire story is garbage from plot to dialogue, and Korra as a character is amazingly boring. The antagonist is boring, the confrontation is boring, nothing about the story is remotely worth buying this for.""Hwargh har hwue haaaaah""-Dastardly Elderly Mop, antagonistThere's 1 real boss with two minibosses (Even Brave and the Bold managed 6 bosses, and that came off as stingy), half of the unlockable costumes are done through a code that there is no legitimate way to obtain ingame, and even the achievements don't reward playing stylishly or optimally at all; mostly inane tasks topped with grinding to complete an inane collection of references to the source material.There's too many sections where the camera is taken away from you, too many unskippable story sections, even medals themselves are easily cheesed into platinum status by building up your combo with waterbending and then switching to fully charged Airbending and cleaning house.After you complete the main game, you unlock Extreme difficulty - which mostly alters stats predictability, but also heavily alters enemy placements and makes some appreciable changes to enemy movesets and somewhat superficial changes like the running sections, on Extreme having only 1 hitpoint (although you'll only ever die to running into a wall or high obstacle, which were instakills anyway) - and you'll unlock Probending.Probending is a systematic sport take on the universe, and serves as a fantastic diversion with its own set of rules. Other than water projectiles somewhat blending into the scenery on Blue Zones, my only fault with it is the same fault I have with the main game: there's no reward for playing stylishly and continually knocking out the other teams over just laming it out with two one-Zone territory control victories and one narrowly avoided knockout. It's otherwise better than it has any right to be.Course, this is all for people who see a product like this and won't rest until they know all of its secrets and have mastered it. If you just want to play through it once and forget about it, you'll be taken through an incredibly short journey where you predictability unlock everything at standard points, cream the boss then forget about it. Still worth playing, but hardly where it shines through.""Hweeergh haaargh hergh heeeeeeeeerg""-Nasty Nasty Robe Trashbag, big bad boss manIt's not their best work, but it is by far one of the best of the niche. It has its issues and wears them on its sleeve but certainly isn't content with just being a cash-in, and the developer's pride for their craft wears through even through the tightest of budget cuts.Whether you're just the sort to casually play games or a weirdo who 100%s them when they can, if you're after a shorter adventure to pad out the longer ones, something to cool down with to avoid burning out, then Legend of Korra is there for you and it plays well.Oh, and use a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,281690,22603059,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:PlatinumGamesPublishers:ActivisionInitial release:Oct 2014Genre:Action, Fighting, Runner#Worth/NotWorth:#SuperDisapoitningExposition, Concurrence and SummationBeing a fan of Avatar and the Legend of Korra I saw this game was being made by Platinum and I basically fangirled all over myself. I had heard middling things regarding this title but there was no way I was going to let that get me down.Legend of Korra is a character action game based on the Nickelodeon show with the same name. Coming from Platinum games with things like Bayonetta under their belt I couldn't have been more excited about this game.So I started in on it and was really enjoying the combat. It felt good, it felt fluid. The counters were a bit odd at first but easily attainable. However the game becomes a little tedious almost immediately. Almost every other enemy attempts to trap Korra and the only way to escape is to violently shake the left analog stick which is extremely tiring. There is also not a large amount of variety in the enemies. This holds true for boss battle as well. But even more so. The boss battles are not … difficult. Its more that they require an absurd amount of patience and repetition. Its just too much. They ask too much for too long. There are also sequences in which you ride Naga. A polar bear dog of sorts. However these sequences are filled with instant death and rare checkpointing which leads to even more reasons for needless frustration. It essentially is just a endless runner.. that does indeed end. Just that it takes way longer than you want it to.There are also vague and sparse cut scenes that are fairly representative of the show which is nice.I wanted so much more for this game and I sincerely hope that Platinum gives it another go. Something more open world perhaps with proper character leveling and less tedium in the tasks provided to you. I'm not happy about giving this a thumbs down because I want an avatar/korra game that meets what the shows content can do. However this is not that product.The one glaring exception to this tedium is the Pro-bending mini game. That is by far the nicest thing about this game.THE GIST2 flying air bison out of 5. Dear Platinum games. Please try again. I really want you to. I NEED you to.Follow my curation for more"
76561197995154961,Recommended,281690,12598085,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Stierheld,Fantastic game. If your a fan of the arkham series the combat system is similair and the emersion into the world of Avatar is just breathtaking.
76561198063165652,Recommended,281690,13733348,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Terraplex,"WOW. i absolutely love this game! it's a good fun challenge even on casual difficulty, with good replayability... trying to win all the gold medals, unlocking more items, and doing pro-bending tournaments. anyone who likes adventure games will enjoy this. fans of the show will probably love it too much, like me.Cons: no cameos of Asami. some of the controls and camera views can be a little annoying to get used to, but it's not too bad. the audio sometimes glitches on me, but it might just be my laptop acting up. it doesn't have a multiple saves option, so if you want to change the difficulty you have to overwrite previous games. :(Pros: it's LEGEND OF KORRA for Aang's sake! Korra has got to be one of my all-time favorite fictional characters. and that's saying a lot! the game story fits in between books two and three but mixes in chi-blockers from book one, so you fight lots of different baddies. the animation is a LOT like watching the show, except now you get to play it! elemental powers look awesome. the avatar state is quite satisfying once you finally unlock it.i would say it's worth buying at full price. the story isn't super long and it's standard linear progression, but you can still play through a few times and start over with everything awesome unlocked, so that's fun even if it gives the story less meaning. over-all a very entertaining and fun game. i really hope they make a sequel, because i'm sold. :)"
,Recommended,281690,12601365,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,sauce,"CAUTION: IF YOU HAVE NOT FINISHED BOOK 1 and 2 of The Legend of Korra animated series DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME.There are some story spoilers and if you haven't watched the series before you will have no idea what is going on.Point-Of-View:I'm a fan of Platinum games, including Bayonetta, which I think is the best Action Brawler ever created as far as gameplay and mechanics are concerned (haven't played Bayonetta 2 yet though).I also love the combat mechanics of Batman Arkham City. I consider myself a part of the PC Master Race, and buy PC versions whenever possible.Bottom-line:This is a Platinum-LITE game. You can finish the main content in about 3-5 hours. It does not have the sophistication of a game like Bayonetta, but it's still solid mechanically. Keep in mind that the fan base of this series are young children. If you are a fan of The Legend of Korra animated series anyway though, you will find enjoyment from this title. If you don't know or care for  The Legend of Korra series and are looking for a mature core title then avoid it.Story:It's like any other episode of The Legend of Korra. It isn't remarkable in any way, but it's not horrible either. Just mediocre.Mechanics:The combat consists of the following inputs: (L) attack, (H) attack, Block/Counter, and 2 buttons that rotate between 4 elements which progressively unlock through the story. If you time your block correctly you enter a slow-mo QTE, and by pressing the button prompted you can do additional damage. Each elemental style has 3 predetermined combos that are unlocked as you level up a specific element and by buying books/scrolls in the shop.Combos:screenshotThere are a couple runner stages where Korra rides her trusty Polar bear dog Naga in a mini-game. These stages are quite similar in structure to BIT TRIP Runner mechanically, but follow a corridor instead of side-scrolling.There is also a shop where you can buy combo upgrades, passive equipable items, as well as usable health potions and such.Special Notes:The audience for this title is quite obvious: The Legend of Korra is a series intended for children,and the majority of the fan base is of course, children. So it's logical then that this game was designed with its fan base's age group in mind. If you're looking for a core title designed for a mature audience then this may lack the sophistication you are looking for. If you consider yourself a part of the mature audience but are still a fan of the series, then you will find enjoyment from this title as I have.PC Master Race Issues:Graphics options:Graphics Options...yeah -_-Binding options:Key Binding Options...yeah -_-Even though I am unhappy about the port, I can give it a pass because it's a $15 budget title with animated cutscenes and voice acting.  If you are extremely port sensitive however,DO NOTpurchase this game."
76561198061443987,Recommended,281690,30613653,Posted: 19 March,all,orbit237,"korra84/100-) awkward viewpoint of battle-) hit judgement is somewhat obscure.-) buying-skill’s damage is generally mediocre.+) easy game+) easy control+) various unique combos+) some trivial mini games (obstacle escapes)+) good graphic+) good story construction+) stylish action.+) free escape and blocking+) attractive character+) concise length of a chaptertip1) Play each chapter twice or from chapter4 the game difficulty will be very high.tip2) use green combostip3) Don’t strike enemy in front of him. He will defend and retaliate. Use side dash and attack the enemy from side and back so he cannot defend.tip4) If possible drive enemy to wall, where he cannot resist.tip5) In shop menu x-box pad left stick (right right left left xbutton) you will get good free talisman. PC (2, 2, 4, 4, mouse left-click)Probending tiptip1) In probending Ace mode, it is helpful to keep changing targets so the enemy cannot defend. If you are left alone in front line you could be decoy, then dodge and defense is first factor and basically(dodge-> one shot -> dodge -> one shot) is effective.tip2) In probending you can swap targets(change targets) by your x-box pad right analog stick and the strategy of eliminating the enemy in front line first is effective.summary) Very good and joyful martial art action game."
,Recommended,281690,12648125,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,STRYKE,"For those who don't know, The Legend of Korra is the sequel to Nickelodeon's Avatar the last airbender, and tells the story about Aang's sucessor, Korra, a !7 year old girl from the water tribe. The show is currently on its fourth and last season , and it becomes more awesome after each episode.Now that the main characters are not kids anymore, the show appeals to older audiences.This game is made by Platinum games, makers of Bayonetta 1/2, Vanquish , Metal gear rising: REVENGEANCE and others.I looked up the reviews on metacritic when the game came out, and i saw sites like ign or gamespot giving this game a 5 and 4.5 out of 10, and the problem with those reviews is that they are treating this game like a full price title, wich is not, its 15 euros ( or the corresponding in your respective country ). And if you look at some full priced games like Cod or Bf, you get a 2 to 3 hours campaingn and then you have multiplayer, but for people like me, who are not big fans os multiplayer, only get that short campaign out of the money you spent.The legend of Korra delivers a 5-6 campaign depending on your skills and the difficulty you're playing.The story focus around the fact that Korra has to deal with the mistakes and enemies of her previous lives.+ The art and animation of the game is pretty good+ the combat system is great. The bending animations look awoesome. Everything is fluid and responssive.+ the musical score is amazing- the game throws the same boss fights over and over again. Some take a lot of time to kill and it becomes really frustrating at times.- There are only four enemy types: triads, equalists, mecha tanks and spirits. Of course there are slightly difrent version of each enemie, but still they could at least put some variation.- That annoying minigame with Korra's polar bear dog Naga, where you're you need to dodge obstacles, but if you hit an obstacle, you die and go back to the last checkpoint.- weak story compared to the showOverall, i enjoyed playing this game. It's not great but still it's not bad as some reviews claim. I would only reccomend it for fans of both Korra and platinum.If you want to get introduced into the Avatar universe, this game is not a great start."
76561198026153231,Recommended,281690,31244292,Posted: 19 April,all,Commander Artanis,"Bought it on sale and as a fan of the avatar series it`s a fun game. But you should only get this if you know and like the show. Be warnend though, the game has even on normal a rather high level of difficulty which sometimes is almost unfair.Still I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,281690,12621034,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"lets be clear - this is a game for the fans of the show, and for people who want a simple brawler. mostly for fans of the show. beautiful animation FMVs, all of the original VAs, its basically a miniseason of Korra.the other great thing is this is basically the avatar game we should have always had. switching between the four arts, being able to combo them together, its really damn fun.the game isn't perfect - the camera is weird at times, the difficulty spikes in a few places, and eventually you learn that to counter is to win... but really its well put together, its solid... if you love the show buy this RIGHT NOW. if you like a well built fighter, yeah sure get it if you have the extra 15. if you don't like either of those things, why are you even reading reviews."
,Recommended,281690,12635556,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Cockblockatiel,"For fans of Avatar universe, who have had to tolerate shovelware on previous-gen consoles and handhelds, the announcement of The Legend of Korra was a shock and godsend. An adaptation featuring Korra, and spearheaded by a dream team of Platinum Games, Tim Hendrick as the writer, and a sizeable amount of input from Bryke themselves, was more than many could have asked for. Some were cautiously optimistic, since licensed titles in general fall short of expectations; in addition, Platinum was engrossed in finishing up work on its major Wii-U exclusive, Bayonetta 2. After spending time with the game, I believe these trepidations are well justified. This game is far from perfect, and it is apparent that Platinum's ""B-Team"" were tasked with quickly putting together a licensed title. However, for all its flaws, The Legend of Korra manages to provide a challenging and fun spectacle fighter experience, despite the lack of polish.The story is bare-bones, and, were it an episode, would easily round out the bottom of the ranks. During the interim between Books 2 and 3, Korra is stripped of her bending (the poor girl, she's been de-bent twice among suffering other ordeals; no wonder she's such a mess at the end of Book 3) and embarks on an extremely linear quest to regain all of her abilities and defeat the old man responsible. Exposition comes through monologues by our protagonist and decently animated cutscenes by Titmouse, responsible for the openings of both the Last Airbender and Legend of Korra. Don't expect any character development; Mako and Bolin are literally thrown out of the story: they are knocked out during the first chapter's pro-bending match and never seen again. Tenzin and his family are conveniently ""on vacation,"" while Asami and others are nowhere to be found. The exception is extra-corporeal floating Jinora, who appears every so often to spout a few platitudes about the schools of bending that lead in to the tasks Korra performs to regain her powers. To be quite honest, I am not particularly bothered by this. The more I play this game, I more I tend to view it as a shooting gallery; targets pop up, and I kick their asses. Story is irrelevant.What does matter is the gameplay, and thankfully this is one facet where the game excels. The fighting system is well-designed; with all four elements having their strengths, weaknesses, and ideal applications. Water is particularly useful for attacking enemies at range, precise strikes, and stunning foes by freezing or grappling them with spouts of water. Earth is slow-moving, but integral to defeating larger enemies, such as bosses, and inflicting tremendous amounts of AOE damage on crowds and disorienting them. Fire finds its niche in head-to-head brawling and racking up combos, while air combines the area-of-effect attacks found in Earthbending with targetted dashes and attacks reminiscient  of Waterbending. Combos are easy to understand and execute, and amount to a sequence of light and heavy attacks. Finishing strikes are activated by a third button, and counters by a simple block, sometimes followed by a series of QTE dodges and counterattacks. All of these work qute well and are satisfying to see. Easily the lowest points of the combat system are the first half-hour of gameplay before Korra gains the use of her first element, and the somewhat wonky camera that occasionally clips through walls and large enemies, or doesn't center on locked-on enemies. There is paltry enemy variety; the main foes you will face are Equalists, dark spirits, Triple Threat Triad members, and mecha-tanks. Aside from brawling, there are several ""endless"" running sequences where the player dodges obstacles (and later, fights enemies) while riding Naga. They are a nice change of pace, but aren't special when compared to other such games. Finally, a pro-bending mode is unlocked after completing the story mode, which retains most of the bending controls and fuses them with an adapted ruleset of Pro-Bending. It's very engaging, and the matches can get pretty intense.The Story mode seems to reward exploration by including collectible items that add to Spirit Energy (the game's currency) and additional encounters. Spirit Energy is also acquired by defeating enemies and destroying scenery objects, which led to an amusing situation where Korra commented on how nice it was to see Republic City rebuilding just after I had her obliterate a Satomobile for spirit monies. It is used to buy items at Iroh's Store, which stocks consumables such as those that restore health, scrolls that unlock new bending moves, and talismans that provide stat buffs.I've spent about 6 hours on Story mode at normal difficulty. Some acquaintances have managed to beat it in 4. There is some replay value; you can play the story again on Extreme difficulty, attempt to collect treasure, achieve higher scores, and replay the entire campaign with all elements unlocked. For 15 bucks, you're getting at least 5 hours of story play at least, plus whatever you wish to spend on replays and Pro-Bending mode. The vast majority of that time is genuinely entertaining and challenging. I find myself wishing that this game had spent more time in development, because at its core is a simple, yet functional and rewarding combat mechanic; the non-existent ""plot"" and several technical flaws serve only to detract from what is a decent licensed title. As a fan of the universe and the characters and settings within it, I am grudgingly satisifed. It's a shame that there wasn't an opportunity to add another story to this vibrant world, but in the end, I get to beat up lots of dudes with Korra, and that's all that matters."
,Recommended,281690,12599380,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,J Detan,"No, it's not Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising. Yes, it is a Platinum game. It's short, but priced appropriately. There's not much variety in enemy design, but they're challenging and different enough to not be samey. If you're a fan of the show, you'll certainly like the game more than someone who doesn't, but the core gameplay is great as always with Platinum, with lots of hidden depth, and just like Metal Gear Rising, the PC version is excellent: it doesn't need to install DirectX redistributables or whatnot, it just opens, and it opens in a window, which I prefer. I also like how when you change resolutions, it does so on the fly, without having to hit ""apply"". There aren't a huge amount of PC specific options, which would probably be annoying if it wasn't so silky smooth and optimized. Honestly, can't go wrong with this if you're looking for about 5-6 hours of a fun Spectacle Brawler."
,Recommended,281690,12601858,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,NegusAlmighty,"Pros: Obviously was made with the fans in mind.- Music from the show- Graphic style/aesthetic similar to show- Voice actors are same (lots of voice acting instead of reading text)- Fairly interesting story-line- Freaking fun as hell combat (combat system flows nicely and targeting is a breeze)- Animated cut-scenes!- Customization (outfits, talismans, etc)- Pro bending game mode!- Increased difficulty availableCons:- A few dead sounding lines of voice acting- Kinda slow to get back to the game after a camera pan over to show new enemies (happens a lot)- Models could be a bit more detailed (I'd give it 8.5/10; they look good but they could be better in the faces)- No type of multiplayer/co-op vs AI for pro-bending mode- Linear story, no/limited exploration.The sorta mini game mode w/ Naga is a nice change of pace from the combat, tho Naga runs really fast so you have to be focused not to crash into anything.Overall, I really enjoyed playing through the game! Esp the VA's at the end of the credits. (hahaha)A very fun game w/ good re-play-ability.Definitely the game fans were looking for, bending is fun!"
,Recommended,281690,22597837,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,⌡εσσικα Hyde,I don't know how many times I wanted to throw my controller playing extreme/ace mode.I <3 this game.
76561198117124319,Recommended,281690,34788495,Posted: 6 September,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"The Legend of the less Funny Avatar Compared to AangI don't have much bad to say about this nice game, so the title had to be ""negative"".If you like the series, you'll love playing the badass Avatar with a varied moveset of every bending, ohh and the avatar mode. Crushing enemies while bringing balance to the world - Combine it with pms and you're unstoppable.Legend of Korra is a fast paced 3d fighting game.Korra loses her bending abilities in the beginning of the game, and thus must wander out to get them back while getting revenge on the man who blocked her powers. (Who isn't Amon of the Equalists).You'll see the town covered in spirit vines, and you'll venture to the north-pole and in the spirit world.Meaning the story kinda takes place between book 1 & 2 in the series, but blends in a few core story-points.The story is in that way original with an enemy independent from the series.Thumbs UpI'm actually happy that the game blocks your bending, and introduces them to you through the game - Of course you'll miss just blowing away your enemies with a fire tornado, but it puts some dfficulty to the game - which still only takes 3-5 hours to complete on normal.The combat consist of light/ heavy attack combinations, jump, dodging and block-counter attack.After the first playthrough you get to keep all your bending, and is essentialy where the game becomes really fun.- The combat mechanics works well, especially on a game pad.- The bending: Earth is slow but heavy damage dealing which stuns easier, water is focused on range, fire for quick hand2hand combat and air for large groups of enemies. - and you can change between them mid-combat with the mousewheel for instance.GamemodeYou can play either casual or normal - unlocks extreme mode after - Extreme mode is a challenge, but where the best part of the game lies. - However be prepared to rage.Pro-bending matches - Basicly your dodge/ block and spam-clicking bending competitionYou also have the naga-runs inbetween, where you ride your polar bear dog in a jump & slide obstacle run.(On extreme mode chapter 5, you get to fight 3 robots which will have you stuck for a few hours)EnemiesYou get to fight chi-blockers, robots, spirits and the final boss, who only is a challenge in extreme mode.The music is well integreted in the game with that special Avatar-feel-alike vibe. However it gets repetitive.The graphic is not that detailed, however the cartoonish artstyle compliments the series.The best parts are the cutscenes ingame and after each chaptor, which kicks you back into the avatar-world-atmosphere.You can pick and replay levels after unlocking them, even change their difficulties before relaunching.MY CABBAGES! Thumbs DownThere aren't many options to configure its cell shading type, but it looks absolutely fine in my opinion.I don't recall having a windowed mode option, however I can't imagine it playable in a smaller window either.CombatIt will get repetitive. - The music aswell.And you can't combine air and fire into a fire-tornado. :(They added a small animation for climbing ledges, but sometimes you might see Korra roll instead of pulling her up - Which is out of place, and a bit chunky.Else no ""Bugs"" experienced.The story is not that memorable, and there's little character development unlike in the series. However I found it decently implemented in a fighting/ hack&slash game, which we musn't forget this is.Closing CommentsAll in all a good game.Very short if you only play it once. - Normal mode took 4 hours, while Extreme mode took roughly 13 hours (I played Extreme through twice)It would have been better with Aang - Korra scares me when she's angry.Die Cabbages!!"
,Recommended,281690,12598310,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Crimmy,"After an hour in, I find Legend of Korra to be walking a very interesting line. The game is somewhat ""basic"" by Platinum Games standards of depth, which in turn makes it a lot more approachable for fans of the show, without being insulting to the Platinum fanbase. This in and of itself is quite the achievement.This is a port, and as a member of the ""PC Master Race"" (tm) I found the lack of customization to be rather apparent, but it runs very well from what I can see.Now, while the depth might not be as mindcrushing as some other Platinum games, the variation and the flow is VERY well executed, and tickled the side of me that enjoys Lv1 runs in Dark Souls. There is a ton of challenge to be had, and even more options to really whet your appetite as a Platinum fan. And like always, they do not fail to provide a  great Risk/Reward combat system. I have died a few times, but every time I knew exactly why, and how to improve from it.Oh, and for the love of Aang, use a controller."
76561198024986581,Recommended,281690,12651975,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,a Crafty Character,"All in all, this is a well done and faithful insert to the Legend of Korra series. Is it perfect? No, but this also isn't a full title. As a 15$ game I would say it more than delivers an entertainment value for the price. There is a bit of a learning curve, but when finally stop dying and chain combos, counters, and small 'challenge' sequences you feel god-like.cons: learning curve, the lack of other characters of friendly npc's gives the world a rather barren feel, not the deepest of plots,pros: fast paced action, art style and design all around work wonderfully, certainly has the feel like a two part episode from the show."
,Recommended,281690,12598654,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Shiro,"Not much content, uninspiring story, no localization for other languages and lack of some essential features such as a mini-map, but yet the best burning/smashing/freezing/slicing/punching experience that someone can have for 15$"
,Recommended,281690,12618053,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ruff Rabbit,"If you're a fan of the bending universe, you'll almost certainly enjoy this game. It's not an amazing story, there's no innovative gameplay, it's not revolutionary design, but what it is, is an enjoyable beat-'em-up set in the Avatar universe. For the $15 price of admission, you're getting your money's worth. It's a perfect example of why I believe people should never blindly follow internet critics. If you go into this expecting a lengthy RPG with deep elements, you'll be sorely disappointed. But it does provide a few hours of engaging gameplay. There are parts that should scratch the itch of those who long for challenges from their games, and if you're the type that enjoy flashy attacks against throngs of enemies, then this game has you covered. There are even a couple of on-the-rails running sequences that will challenge your reflexes. The graphics are nothing to write home about, but they look good enough and are smooth enough that it's more of a happy medium.Basically, if you want a short but entertaining ride, this game's worth a look. It's ideal for when you want a quick dose of fun but can't really spend the time to sit down and really dig into the meat of a longer game."
,Recommended,281690,22731446,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,kmyc89,"TL;DRA bloodlessFantasticHack and Slashgame.Amust buyfor Players w/ a Controller.The longer statementI was shocked (in positive meaning) as for the first time I sawThe Legend of Korraas Game. On Steam.Not enought (!)- to this production is joined peopleActivision(the Publisher from ""Prototype"")andPlatinumGames(the Developer from ""Bayonetta"")and at last the main Contain (cause of title)- a great Cartoon* Series fromNickelodeon.Conclusion:Yes! Yes! YES!!! It can be only Great !* Is a strong anime-look but not made in Japan. That's why you cannot calling as ""anime"".The GameThe Legend of Korrais third-person Hack and Slash game where you playing as Korra.Korra is the Avatar- Master of all Elements( Water, Earth, Fire & Air) to bring balance and piece on the World.Instead swords and guns you using this 4 Elements which are more cool as you can imagine.Unfortunately I not watched the Korra Cartoon part (outside episode 1. Opinion: WANT watch) but the Story from the gameis also finedoes not harm the plot of the TV series.I do not spoil something.The Graphics & Gameplay(Played w/ a original XBOX360-Controller)The Design from the World and Characters looking verygoodto the Style from Nickelodeon.Like most Hack & Slash games: Quick-time events; combos and skills to unlock etc.What you can do (or how to use) w/ the Element-bending you should experience by Youself.A bit annoying was opening some chests w/ an element-attack.Even pressing the button (LT) for a counter-attack (a bit too early) and getting hurted.ConclusionFor a-75% Saleis this Hack & Slash worth your attention.Info: Still challenging on Casual difficulty."
76561198098041356,Recommended,281690,12602283,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DeadpoolRigs,"Played this right when it came out, STILL PLAYING IT CAUSE ITS SO FUN!Gamespot and IGN seem to only find the bad and not the good of games...... I myself, give this atleast a 9/10.  Only thing I will say was bad was the lack of other characters and Playing the Naga sections on Extreme difficulty, but other than that, I love this game.PS: for the best experience, play it for PC with either Xbox 360 or Ps3 controller. (Or in other words, Here on Steam).  Pc version doesn't suffer from what the Console version does.PC:-Fast loading times (Almost instant.),-pretty much no lag (If there is lag, it's your computer, not the game)-No Frame Rate issues (Again, if there is, its your computer, not the game)Console:ummm.... Opposite of what I said above...... (and why the game has a bad rating.)-----------------My rating (For PC version) :-Gameplay: 9/10-story: 8/10-Character: 10/10-Levels: 8/10-Voices: 10/10My Final score: 9.5/10"
76561198044908610,Recommended,281690,23212351,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,StormDjinn,"This game is absolutely incredible. I love it, and you probably will too. Quick note on my for context- I have seen both ""Avatar the Last Airbender"" and ""The Legend of Korra"", and love the shows. I've also played many games similar to this one, have an XBOX 360 controller (highly recommended for full enjoyment), and before writing this review i acquired every achievement possible in the game.Pros:+Be able to master all 4 different types of bending. I can't tell you how satisfying the combat is. Imagine God of War where you actually use all the other types of weapons besides your default Chains of Hades and The Blade of Olympus.+Original Story from the show. Some may see this as a negative thing, but i enjoyed the brief story arc. It fits well both with the timeline of the show, its cannon, and feel overall (NOTE: GAME'S STORY PLACE AFTER SEASON 3, BEFORE SEASON 4)+Pro-bending as well as a main story. Both are quite fun. Additionally your teamates scale based on your Fire/Earth bending mastery which is nice because they are quite capable allies as you level them higher.+The ability to go through the story again at full power. You have the abiliy (once you beat the game once) to go back with all your bending powers (including avatar state) and replay old missions. Right along with this, you can reset your full game at any time to relive the story. Having both of these as options is spectacular- and many other games should have this feature as well+The difficulty of the game is perfect. For both pro-bending and the story, casual is correctly adjusted to weaker players. Normal is no walk in the park, yet not frustratingly impossbile, and extreme, while difficult - can be managed if you invest into becoming the best avatar you can be (maxing your bending abilities, praciting combos, and using the correct talismans)+As far as i can tell, all theOriginal Voice Actorsfrom the show are here. I may be wrong, but most are and they make a big difference in enjoying the game+Female Protagonist. There aren't enough of them. She's a great femanist figure who is strong, independant, smart, capable, beautiful yet not oversexualized. This bullet point is very rare to find any almost any game+Family Friendly. This probably isn't a big deal for most of you reading this, but for people who do have kids/spouses (like my wife) who are sensative to needless violence - this is perfect.+Never get the same boss fight twice. Sometimes you fight more in different scenerios, but this keeps things changing and keeps things fun.+the game isn't too heavy for most computers. With some basic components this game should run just fine with no bugs.+Great for all types of gamers. Like speed-running? This has a lot of speedrunning potential. Want to grind for 100%? there is a good bit of that if you wish. Don't want to grind, but just play a quick fun game? This is also possible and you won't feel like you're missing anything! Like easter eggs and secrets? The Vanity Items as well as hidden areas with small rewards and fights are quite rewarding and numerous.Cons:-Game isn't long enough. When you have such a great game, i just wish it was longer.-Along with the previous bullet point, there isn't enough stage variety.  There are so many places in this world we could have traveled to with people to meet and bosses to fight. IE: Anywhere in the Fire Nation, Old Airbending Temples, Metal Prisons, Airships, the North Pole, other locations in the earth Kingdom etc. Just thinking of these you can imagine how far they could have taken it. Sadly the game only features Capital City, The South Pole, and one location in the spirit world. However, don't let this bullet point keep you from buying the game. Yes, there are enough changes to make the game fun and different.-Combat can be a little repatative, but most other action-adventure games like this are bound to be. If anything this has more variety than other games of the same variety. Don't let this bullet point keep you from buying the game-If you haven't seen the show, you won't like it as much. Combat will still be fun but the story will fall flat without character and background development by the story provided (NOTE: GAME'S STORY PLACE AFTER SEASON 3, BEFORE SEASON 4)-No Trading Cards. I would pay real money for a full collection of these trading cards. But then again when even the Fallout games don't have trading cards, i can't complain too much.Ending Result:If you have seen ""Avatar the Last Airbender"" and/or ""The Legend of Korra"", buy this game now. Easily worth $30-$35. $15 is a steal at a great price. Anything less and you will want to tip the creators when you're done because you didn't pay them enough.If you haven't seen ""Avatar the Last Airbender"" and/or ""The Legend of Korra"", i would still buy this game, but to you it would be worth about $15-$20. Anything less should be a no-brainer and you'll have no regrets.TL;DR Buy this game. Just buy it faster if you're a fan of the show."
76561198025255535,Recommended,281690,28178270,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Limecube,"Controls (No Key rebinding)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Movement - W,A,S,DCounter - C + what ever letter is on screenLock - RJump - SpaceSlide (Naga) - Left ShiftEvade (Korra) - Left ShiftLight attack - Left mouse button (press longer for stronger attack)Heavy attack - Right mouse button (press longer for stronger attack)Cycle through bending powers - Q, ENaga Claw - Q, ELook / Camera - Mouse movementInventory - 1,2,3,4Thanks to JadeCiku"
76561198115302552,Not Recommended,281690,33382208,Posted: 8 July,all,LightSaber,"Playing this game brought a lot of good old memories back, however I must say that:This game is awful.I'm a fan of the Avatar series and has been onto the Avatar ever since Book 3 Fire in legend of Aang. The fact that I'm a fan of the series is probably the very reason I bought this game. However this game is horribly made. I'm going to elaborate my opinion from the following points:1. Repetitive. The game reuses its material everywhere. The street scene you see is the exact same stuff, the enemy you see throughout the game is literally the same, the only difference is probably color. The way your enemies enter the combat area, the way they fight, everything, are literally the same. You won't see even the slightest variation. There's probably only one type of action in ""Light Attack"" and one of such in ""Heavy Attack"". Every time your enemy attacked, you'll have the feeling that, ""Hey, have I not fought those folks in this area before?""2. Awkward. The connection between actions are very incoherent.I am NOT talking about Combo here.For example. when you try to jump onto a platform, you might first jump, then you realize: ""Oh wait I'm no where near that platform, I might need a double jump (which this game does not support)"". What happens is, if you jump is somewhere close to that platform, you'll get magically teleported onto the platform, with a disconnected animation of you rolling. I can DEFINITELY understand that the producers intended to add an animation of probably Korra grab onto the platform and pull herself up. HOWEVER they were just simply unable to implement it in a coherent way. There are numerous other examples of such attempted yet failed implementation.3. Game style. This is a hack and slash game. I'm ok with that. What I'm not OK with, is that they made this game into a sectioned-chapter. In each chapter, you'll fight. After each fight, you go on to the next place to fight. It's the same for every chapter (which correlates to the first point I elaborated: REPETITIVE). You'll feel literally ZERO storyline. I'm a fan of the TV series and I was actually expecting some good story here. I am disappointed. This is just a fight game that ONLY has the skin of ""the Avatar"".4. Horribly dealt Soundtrack. Both Legend of Aang and Legend of Korra has amazing soundtrack. This game, as a derivative product from those two series, naturally would integrate those soundtracks. However this game has not done a great job in putting those beautiful songs. I did feel a moment of excitement, however that's it. So much for all the epic battles and hyped music.I strongly discourage anyone that has been a fan of the Avatar series to buy this game. Don't get me wrong, this game really brings back a lot of memories, yet I just feel that this game is no where near even mediocre compared to the TV series.Just a side note, this game reminds me of a Kongfu Panda game on Wii probably 9 years ago. I don't have my Wii with me but afair they're made in a very similar style (Combat, Repetitiveness etc.)."
76561198004378480,Not Recommended,281690,13243452,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dwelk,"At first I was thrilled by the game. The combat felt really fluid and I really had a sense of power when fighting, especially with earth (my favourite element). The graphics are flawless. Pretty much exactly how the show looks.On the down side:- I was pretty let down by the simplicity of the pro bending matches and overall replayability.- Pro bending has two attacks, a dodge and a counter. Animations were very samey and it got repetitive quickly.- The top-down view, while good for seeing what is happening, did not feel very immersive at all. Fighting like in-game i.e. 3rd person would have brought much more excitement to gameplay.- As far as replaying goes, going through the same scenes of enemies and having to choose a chapter to replay was not appealing to me. I would have liked some endless survival mode where you can fight continuous waves of enemies or something.- There could have been more variety of combos. While you can string different elements together, it doesn't produce different animations.Overall it is a good game, but not deep and immersive enough to warrant a replay for me. And I am a big fan of the show."
76561198058693561,Recommended,281690,16952105,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Shogun Chris,korra is hot so 10/10
,Not Recommended,281690,20127984,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Greedsin,"So after playing this game from beginning to end finally I can say this finally, the 'User review: Very Positive part blows my mind away.This game could have been great and it shows, I mean for gods sake look who they got to develop the game. PlatinumGames, the same people behind Metal Gear Rising, Vanquish and Bayonetta, all of them great games except for this one and it's clear why that is.The combat is not the weakest part of this game, if anything it shows that the combat could have evolved into something WAY more then whats shown here since it gives you the idea of the speed and strength of each element but I will admit fire water bending and air bending are the only two you really need to use since water bending gives you greater distance of attacks and air bending will murder everything on screen for you, I can't even joke about that.Story makes no sense and with the animating team behind the show doing scenes for the game you would think they would give us something awesome to look. Instead the cut scenes look cheap and lacking, sometimes even repeating a few scenes just to make it long enough to fit the scene. On top of that the voice acting feels forced out, most of the main voice actors, or those who actually show up in the game anyway, don't sound like they really want to do it at all. Side note here tho, I feel like the older daughter of the air bender was replaced by someone else for some odd reason cause she sounds like she's more of a adult then a kid.Lastly the biggest problem it has is just how boring everything is. The combat is not bad like I said before but when you go up against the same enemies over and over and over and over and over again you feel like you could guess who's next each times which I done a few times. The amount of times they reused bosses in fights is sickening.The one part of the game I do oddly like is the pro bending game mode. It's minor but man it's pretty fun. The basic idea of it is to either knock your enemies out of the ring or have as much control of the ring before times runs out. It's very basic but if they had the time to make a full version of this game with multiplayer it would have been awesome.If you don't already know why this game failed in the end I'll gladly explain. The game was officially announced back in June 2014 which was then released officially on October 21 2014. That game the developers 4-5 months to develop the game which honestly was not enough time to do and it shows. If the developers were given more time to develop this game instead of trying to release it before season three's release date we would have received an amazing game but instead what we got was what they could scrap up as fast as they could.In the end I do not recommend this game even to Legend Of Korra fans like myself, it's just not worth it."
,Recommended,281690,16701863,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Leonard,"Really enjoyed the game.This game can easily be compared to other games from Platinum games, at least the combat.StoryIf you are a fan of the show I think you will like the story of the game. There also is not that much background knoledge needed but it helps anyway.The story takes place between the end of season two and season three of the show. So basically, an old strange man attacks you and you fall asleep.When you wake up again all your bending is gone and suddenly there are Chi-Blockers everywhere in the city. You begin to get your bending back element by element starting with water. You begin to try to find out what the old man is trying to do and hunt him down by going to the south pole. I will not tell the story further to avoid spoilers.GameplayYou attack using the X and Y buttons (I only played it with a controller so I can't really tell you about the KB/M controlls)and like other games of the genre these mean heavy and light attack. You can do combos like you would expect but it doesn't get to complicated or detailed with that, you also unlock new combos by leveling up an element and buying them from the shop (with Iroh as the shopkeeper). There also is a block/ counter button (LT) which can be really usefull and needed for the higher difficulty. You can also avoid attacks with RT.The combat is divided into the four elements (which you unlock one by one). Each element is usefull for something else so you have a reason to change you fighting style if the situation demands it (you can change your current element whenever you want). You can also level up an element by defeating enemies to make that element more powerfull and unlocking new combos.The game can also be rather hard at some boss battles so if you are new to the genre i would suggest to train with the ""Casual"" difficulty a bit.GraphicsThe game looks nice. Nothing outstanding but it does it job well to keep ""The Legend of Korra"" art-style. During the game are also a few cutscenes which look just like from the show. The PC port sadly doesn't have many graphics options (actually nothing but the resolution and some details) but that didn't really bother me. The game also runs great.Collectables and Replay AbilityThere are collectables hidden in chests in the levels which are objects from the show(s) and also features items from Avatar: The Last Airbender. There aren't that many collectables but they are nice to have anyway. There are also items you can buy from the store that can be used as items (activ and passiv items) during gameplay. You can also unlock new costumes for Korra which don't have an effect on the gameplay. The game also features a hard made which can really be a nice challenge after you beat the game. You also unlock the Pro-Bending mode where you can also spend some time at. The Achievments are also good goals and can extend your playtime a little but further.ConclusionI recommend the game and it is nice to play it. While the game is not that long (I got 100% of the Achievments in about 12h of playtime) it still felt like time well spent (well,for a video game at least)."
76561198110957640,Recommended,281690,29954105,Posted: 15 February,all,Darkfire,"Short, but an amazing experience."
,Recommended,281690,12655377,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,EAJ97,"I dont know why, but I wasnt able to review LoK earlier... anyways10/10 - Do recommendThis game is really good. I was a afraid at first that it was going to be like any other video game where the main character has ""super powers"" or any other type of ability where the game was 2D and faiely boring. Well, this is a beatuifully created 3D world (not open) where you play as Avatar Korra. **POTENTIAL SPOILERS** Your bending has been taken and for some reason it wont come back. Well, that's the 1st half of the game. You must work your way through to regain your bending powers. Let me tell you this, it's not easy at all. I was playing on normal and it took me 5.3 hours.  This is a fun, though, and challenging game that most gamers would love. And for all those hardcore avatar fans out there, there are even some people from The Last Airbender.**To the developers/writers** This is such a great game. I (and many others) are looking forward to hope for another game / some DLC's. Maybe multiplayer in the pro-bending arena. Or build the game as if we were playing the books (1,2,3,and finally 4). Lastly, i would like to point out that the only thing i really wish personally is for an open world where from book 1, you start out as Korra and make your way through the game with missions and side mission and random acts. Something along the lines of GTA V. Every decision you make changes the game ever so slightly. I dont care if it takes a really long time, but that is what i would like to see. Even thouogh my opinion is irrelevant, 10/10 game. I have already bought more than 1 copy to share with my steam friend. Overall, great game."
76561198045100826,Recommended,281690,16891331,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mondax,only play after whaching up to the end of book 2 of The Legend of Korra
,Recommended,281690,16933733,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Momouchi,"It's a budget game, but with a lot of polish. Platinum nailed the combat. Each element has a distinct fighting style and the combos look and feel great. The game is fairly short at ~4 hours, but you unlock a higher difficulty and pro-bending mode. Pro-bending is a small side game where you take on teams in various matches and advance in rank. Overall, it is worth a playthrough, especially for fans of the show and/or Platinum fans."
,Recommended,281690,17584121,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,icaroferracini,"Let me say it: Playing this game is like watching a part of the anime, but much more cool.It has the original actors for the voices, the sound is good and the graphics and levels are very simple, but everything is still great if you are a fan like me.All the bending skills and beating is fun, but nothing beats the  Pro-bending mode. This is incredible!!! If it had an multiplayer mode and some customization options like more arenas and tournaments, it would be perfect!!!The gameplay is pretty good (you may miss one or two jumps, but that was ok for me) and on some stages you get Naga and it was good, at first, nice but after a few more screens it became a little boring.The enemies are the most generic thing, they all look the same. It could be a lot better the anime has tons of interesting characters, but the bending skills will make you have fun in every moment.Overall, if you enjoy the anime, buy it now. If you don't watched the serie, you may have other priorities in your wishlist and I suggest that you take a look there before buy this game."
76561198025584718,Recommended,281690,12602569,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,C-Drug,"Pros:-Looks just like the show-Voice actors from the show(That's incredibly good voice acting for a budget game!)-Combat is solid and they did an excellent job making it look just like the show.-Each style of bending has it's own feel to it, with it's own strengths and weaknesses. Earthbending being slow but extremely powerful for example.-Proper difficulty, playing on normal is enough of a challenge for me at least. Not to mention there's an extreme mode after that.-Story isn't that amazing but it's fun how it ties into the show and has tons of references to the show. If you love the show you'll at least find it enjoyable.-Collectibles(items randomly rewarded from chests) are all linked to the show with both references to Aang and Korra. Which is kinda cool.-Can be played just fine with keyboard and mouse. I can imagine that a controller plays smoother though as this is generally the case with melee combat oriented games(in my experience).-Had no problems running this game. Not a single crash, bug or other problem I encountered.-Enjoyable map layout. Has some nice hidden areas to it, which decreases the linearity somewhat.-The final boss battle is absolutely insane... in a good way.-The ending credits are hilariousCons:-Graphics options were pretty much absent, choice between normal or smooth graphics, but the game runs fine and looks fine anyway... Guess I don't even need those options.-Key binding options are absent which can be an annoyance. I myself do not have any trouble with the key bindings though.-Not that many different enemies, but those that are there are solid and enough variation in my opinion.-Would have loved to see some more of the other characters of the show. But I can understand that having the full cast would be a bit over the top for a budget game.-Had camera issues in one fight where you have to battle two very large enemies in a very small area. Camera couldn't decide between a top down view or the normal view.Other:-If you were planning on watching the show I recommend doing this before playing the game, as the game obviously contains some spoilers. If you weren't planning on watching the show, you should still watch it.-The game doesn't take that long but the price/playtime ratio is just fine.-Some people seem to dislike the platforming in the game and although it's nothing that exciting, it's not bad either. It works fine and allows for some nice hidden chests/small areas.Recommendation:For a 15€ price tag this is an excellent game and a mustbuy for all fans of the series. It certainly exceeded my expectations and is perhaps the best licensed game I've ever played.If you are not a fan of the series it is still very much worth it as the game is a lot of fun and not that expensive. Especially if this game is on sale youhaveto buy it."
76561198000649380,Recommended,281690,13873309,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Khy,"Interesting and pretty fun, but I don't really like Naruto."
76561198052485619,Recommended,281690,12867309,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nade,"This is a good, fun, buy it for the ridiculous combat game.The story its self is kinda bland and boring.. probably more so if you're like me and have never watched LoK- as the game takes place between seasons. You're still gonna get the gist of whats going on. Its just.. nothing special imo.But the combat is definitely what makes this game special. Its a lot of fun and the different elements are actually more than a flavor thing- each have distictly different play which makes it fun and sometimes necessary to swap between them.It is one of those games where it sometimes requires a bit of patience from the player because some of the mechanics in it are a bit... annoying. at best. It is also one of those games were the second play-through is miles better than the first because you potentially have all the important items/combos unlocked and you just go ham.Overall: 5/10Pros: combat, distinct elements, variety of things to collect or do (i liked the mini games), priceCons: lack of story, repetitive enemies/surroundings, graphics aren't amazing, comp controls felt awkward at times (controller most likely much better about this), and slow transitions in and out of timed combat sections/any non-video cut scene (idk if thats issue on my end or not tho)"
,Recommended,281690,30300113,Posted: 3 March,all,Dreizo,"Bought this game on sale. Even without the sale, I'd say it's completely worth the 12-15$ regular price. The story was alright, felt a little bit lackluster but if you've seen the show like me you'll likely love the experience.The fighting mechanics were great, though Airbending once you unlock it feels way too overpowered to want to use water or fire ever again. Gameplay with some bosses was extremely fun. Only downside is the game realistically if you just want to rush through the story and play on casual/easy is probably only going to last 3 hours. I spent a lot of time figuring out how to beat some of the bosses and it provided a reasonable enough challenge for me to give this game a 9/10 on the fun-factor. Avatar state is overpowered as well but that is to be expected. At times i felt like ""I wish this is what Dragonball games were like"" in terms of how much fun i was having. Especially in the Chapter 8 boss fight.Overall, i give it a 10/10 for the price."
76561198025804003,Recommended,281690,23862181,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Santo,"A very nice game, I was really happy to go back in Korra's universe for the time of this adventuree. The mechanics are easy to understand, the gameplay is really cool and smooth, and the atmosphere is priceless, not to mention the fact it is a beautiful, coloured game, simple but efficient in its aesthetics."
,Recommended,281690,22760343,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dinolitonjua,"super short game, but pretty fun to waste time on."
,Recommended,281690,32261711,Posted: 7 June,all,Aji,"Fun game to play especially if you are a fan of the show. Game length is short, but it is meant to be played multiple times to unlock all power ups and upgrades."
,Recommended,281690,12634788,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Geo,"I'm personally happy with this game.  It's not perfect, but for $15 it's totally worth it.  You get your money's worth in hours if you go through with 100%ing the game (which I just did)Don't miss the Tutorial!!!"
,Recommended,281690,14125748,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,FullmetalNinja25,"The Combat is good (It is a Platinum Game after all) but the Ride Naga segments are painful to play and it's too short (4-5 Hours at best). I recommend it but only for Legend Of Korra fans, everyone else probably best stay away."
,Recommended,281690,14108059,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Xuw,"Uh! Two more achievments to get this game maxed in almost everything but ♥♥♥♥ it.. there is that achievment which is the hardest and I lost my interest.. Kind off? I'll work hard later to get the whole 30 achievments ok xDAnyway, this game is so fun. I'd really recommend this game to anybody who is a fan of LoK and just want to chill and listen to Korra's voice while she gets her butt kicked xDGraphics? I dont really care about how bad they're. Probaably not that bad .. at least i still didnt find a glitch yet and you can see your way through the game. but let me tell you, I enjoyed what fire element fancy bright effect it does when you're attacking <3 <3.Gameplay is so amazing! specially when you counterattack and use all elements at the same time to keep up your combos.This game is loveable and good when you want to chill out a little. If you selected Normal difficulty, you better watch out."
76561198043943543,Recommended,281690,19907113,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dranzture,This game is beautiful but too short! Why is it too SHORT??!
,Recommended,281690,29974875,Posted: 16 February,all,ProtonsZero,"I've heard a lot about this game being bad, until I finally decided to give it a shot.It is not a masterpiece, but it is far from being bad.Decent animation and graphics, the gameplay is kind of bland, but the game is not even that long so that it becomes stale.The sound track is pretty good. The Pro-Bending stuff is pretty good and could be a cool online feature or something (even though I found a bug: When you knock an enemy into the next zone, and it is the last enemy [in other words, you will reset the field while gaining a space] while simultaneosly getting knocked back, the game thinks you lost, automatically. This happened 3 times). My greatest problem with it is the random item drop system, that made me farm for 3 hours for one single item.This game falls short on lenght and variety, but it does everything else pretty well. Could have make for an interesting couple of episodes of the TV show."
76561198305626469,Recommended,281690,30092572,Posted: 21 February,all,SnakeDoc6,"Awesome game! Really fun to beat up people with all 4 elements, and the avatar state too! Get it on sale and it is definitely worth the money"
,Recommended,281690,17837401,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Velsu,"No 1440p support, max resolution is 1920x1080. There are no graphical options beside ""normal"" and smooth"" so its a lazy port from consoles. Altough the game runs in 60 fps im a little disappointed because its very short.Story can be completed in about 1-1.5 hour if You do not search for treasure boxes and additional pro-bending mode is pretty dull.The game itself is mediocre, but might appeal to the die-hard fans.I will give it a positive review but its worth buying only during some kind of sale because game is repetitive and very short."
,Recommended,281690,20756800,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,★The Joker ★,"Gonna be honest when I got this game: was just because it was on winter sale and I kinda liked the animation, so why not? But when I played was really impressed!!! I was thinking the game would be like those really easy super game. But for my surprise the game is really cool and has an amazing gameplay!ProsBeautiful animations and graphicsIncredible story, dont really follows the cartoon animation, but thats ok, it makes sense!Awesome soundtrack!!The game is really creative and gets your attention----------ConsCamera- Thats the only real problem for me, because the game puts the camera in some difficult angles that is really hard to foccus on the battle (sometimes), and the foccus system its pretty weak, makes you foccus ""nothing"" sometimes because there is a wall/object in the front.----Not really cons, but some things that I would like to see.Lack of puzzles- The main character (Korra) can bend all the elements, that could be the door to a world of different puzzles, but they made the game too simple. It didnt really needed much to make puzzles  using that engine, but kinda feels they got a lil lazy there.Exaustive Hack SlashThey made a 100% Hack Slash game,butit can be a lil exastive after awhile, because you only face like 3-5 types of enemies the whole game, dosnt feels like you are reallly getting anywhere. Its always the same type of enemys, but thankfully in the near end they changed the color of the enemys (but yet is the same), another thing is that you basicly have  to destroy the entire city (boxes / jars / cars) to get currencyspirit, which can get a lil tiressome after awhile* I find the game really short, but well the price its low, so i guess its even (but still pretty short)* The game could have  multiplayer mode, and it would be amazing and really cativePro-BendingYET I def commend this game, pretty worth it!!! It can get your attention easilly and next time you notice you played for around 3-5 hrs!!!  And if you think the game its too easy, you can add some itens making harder!!! I love it!!!"
76561198189073103,Recommended,281690,24716805,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Aytgh,"The game is good if you're a fan of the Avatar series. It could be better. It could, for example, start from the beginning of the first series and retell both series in game form or it could start from further back with one of the previous Avatars and then move on to Aang and Korra. The bending of different elements is everything you would expect from those elements. I just wish they had added in the sub-elemental styles like metal-bending, healing, lightning manipulation, etc., etc..The highest difficulty seems way too difficult when facing the last team. It doesn't seem to matter how hard you try to dodge their moves, counter them and dish out your own, they will just knock all of your team members out of the ring regardless.Overall, I think this is a good (not great) Avatar game and I would recommend it to others.It could have used some of Korrasami action, though. Now there's the type of bending I would have loved to see - lesbian bending."
76561198303350565,Recommended,281690,34009744,Posted: 3 August,all,branboom,Get it on sale and its a totally fun playthrough. Not nearly as bad as people say.
,Recommended,281690,33979354,Posted: 2 August,all,Wassey,"i got in to the avatar spirit and binge watched The Last Airbender and The Legend Of Korra, so i thought why dont i just try this game while im at it. So this games story takes plase sometime between book 1 and 2 of the legend of korra.And i think it delivers. It have nice gameplay, not to challangeing but not to easy. allso the avatar music theme is here in all its glory."
76561198311045646,Recommended,281690,28203502,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,reapermaibe,"We can all sleep safe, knowing the Avatar is protecting us... AND NOW YOU CAN BE SAID AVATAR!This is a fun add on to Korra's story... and when it was released... a nod to what was going to happen next to our heroine.Even if you never saw the shows (shame on you- go watch them now!) you can enjoy this game.It’s easy enough to grasp and enjoyable at all times… plus you get to destroy stuff and beat some baddies!All in a day’s work for our Avatar!"
,Recommended,281690,28303540,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,xCROOKEDx,"Tentative Recommendation:If you're an Avatar fan, play it for the story as it's technically cannon.If you're looking for something to sink a few hours into, buy it.If you're looking for something with plenty of replayability, this game ain't it. If you go in thinking this will be Metal Gear: Avatar-revengce, you will be disappointed. If you're looking to spend at least 15 hours playing, you'll be sorry.If the above hasn't scared you off, then definitely play it. Just go in with tempered expectations, and it's worth the time."
76561198037477497,Recommended,281690,26604609,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,quinnimy,"Got it on sale. It was a bit short and repetitive, but I still enjoyed my time playing it."
,Recommended,281690,12633554,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,TUBBY CUSTARD,The reviews for this game simply don't do it justice as a fan you will love it and just wait for the end game glory and fun that the game has to offer.
,Recommended,281690,18626196,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nexiu,"The game's not so scary as it is painted.The Legend of Korrafails in many respects. The game clearly reflects the stigma of time constraints, financial and human resources. On the other hand, this is a solid piece of work in terms of mechanics and despite the many defects I want to play it again.Fans of the show can feel disappointment by the simplicity of storyline, but I assure you - give it a chance. The team of Platinum Games did what they could and this manifests itself in several specific moments - a phenomenal fight with the last boss, a spectacular form of Avatar, etc. Wait for the promotion and then toss few cents for the Japanese. Unfortunately we have to wait for the game with real referring to the universe."
76561198022600230,Recommended,281690,12634928,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,PurpleRicketz,"6/10The anime is great and fans will play the game just to feel what is to be the avatar.The overall game experience is not great.There are some things that make this game not so terribleGOOD THINGS- Good animation- some good powers combos- the music is greatThe BAD THINGS- the levels feel half finished and empty- the enemies are so repetitive- the evirorment in the chapters do not affect your bending , (having water around korra will not be in any benefit from your bending)- short story.- air bending feels so powerful compared to the others."
,Not Recommended,281690,29366342,Posted: 19 January,all,Coveiro JoJosé,"This was made by Platinum Games. They also made Metal Gear Rising. Buy Metal Gear Rising.Seeing as how I heavily enjoyed Metal Gear Rising (heck, I replayed the Jetstream Sam fight +10 times), I bought Transformers: Devastation before I ever considered purchasing The Legend of Korra.I was pleasantly surprised when I had a blast playing it. Responsive controls, fast action gameplay, and that sweet transforming mechanic (♥♥♥♥in' hell, you could use it in combat!).After enjoying one of their games developed during their partnership with Activision, I came accross The Legend of Korra. I had seen previously seen reviews, scoring a 6/10 and being ""a bland budget title"". Seeing that it was on sale, I spent a buck on it (approximately 6 bucks or less), I thought to myself: ""It can't be that bad. I mean, it's Platinum Games! They made Bayonetta! What could go wrong?""Well, I'll tell you what.Everything.The game has okay visuals and even features the voice actors from the show (props to them for that)! However, being faithful to the source material doesn't make it any good.The gameplay is boring. Really boring. It drives for an action-oriented beat 'em up styled one and it fails hard. You can win just by button mashing.The enemies are basically all the same with minor differences. It's the same henchman guy with different colors. Kind of like shiny pokémon.That bending tournament minigame is boring too.Remember that one mobile game that everyone was crazy about a few years back, Temple Runner? Remember how that was fun? Well, me neither. However, Activision thought it was a good idea to shoehorn a (boring) runner section to try and increase the gameplay's variety. It didn't work.Guess what? The game looks boring too!Overrall, the only thing this game provided was boredom.If you really want to buy it, don't. It's not worth it.Spend your currency on better Platinum Games games, like Transformers: Devastation, Bayonetta 1 & 2 or Metal Gear Rising.Buy Metal Gear Rising."
,Not Recommended,281690,17909193,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Poison,"Really wish this game was better than it ended up being. It's from Platinum Games for ♥♥♥♥ sake! But clearly they were either rushed, or Activision insisted on ♥♥♥♥ing things up, because it's not very good. It has an original story between Books 2 and 3 that is alright, and has all the original voice cast and new animated sequences for it, but that's probably the best part of the game. Combat is repetitive and very restricted early on, game is very short, and the default difficulty is fairly punishing for a game you'd expect to be aimed at a younger audience. (Compounded by there being no invincibility frames after getting hit, so you are stunlocked often) The Pro Bending bits aren't very fun, or very well explained, and the Naga riding segments are pure trial and error reflex tests at their worst.tl;dr:Pros-Cast reprise their rolesNew story and animation sequencesCons-Just about everything elseRedundant combatOften unfair difficultyNon-combat sections are not enjoyableIncredibly short (sub 3 hour main campaign)"
76561198155120757,Recommended,281690,15698457,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LiquiD ZerO,the goodstory very wellcombat very smooth and funAI foe is not too easythe bad...camera is so ♥♥♥♥ing badP.S. you should buy this game ever you korra fan or not
,Recommended,281690,30267225,Posted: 1 March,all,Joey Ansbach,"I recommend the game for the price I paid, R$7,00 in a special sale, and would even pay up to R$15 (original price seems to be R$30,00 here), but as awesome as the idea of creating this game was, I really know that it could be so much more. It could follow some of the loved tendencies of such as Xenoverse or Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm series. Cooperative (COOP), Duels, Characters, and other tasks could be a way to not make the game so linear and boring. It is nice, then you end the game in a few hours and there's nothing really nice to do. The Pro Bending is Okay, but not surprising, and tiring.I still recommend the game because I had some fun, the price called me, but I still think it could be SO much more."
,Recommended,281690,13041443,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,LombaXShade,"The Legend of Korra is absolutley An Epic Advenure game one of the Best i've Ever tried.Its about One of my Other Favorite Heroes Known as Korra.and its also including Bendings,Clash Modes,Adventure,Dialogues and everything that Adventure game does Including with.So yeah.This game is Amazing and also Lovely for some reason,but its Worth the Money i got from my work.So im Surely Recommend to try that game its Worth it.Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,281690,25391074,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hopper,"Pros:-Very hard-Fast pace combat-Small but not impossible tolerance for countersCons:-Short and boring story-Equip system is really annoyingThis game is very punishing and that's what makes it so great. If you're looking for a game that is easy to beat with just some simple button mashing and dodges then this is not the game for you.The combat system is fast paced, the tolerance for counter is really small but that's what makes it difficult and all the more fun. The story is very short and can hardly be considered a story but you'll have to spend a few hours on it considering the number of retries you'll be making. The equip system is probably the worst part of the game. After dying, you can access the shop to buy items but in order to equip them, you'll have to exit the level and equipe them then go back to the level, meaning you'll lose all your checkpoints. Of course, this can all be avoided if you just don't use the equip system at all like me which makes the game even harder but all the more fun."
76561198016735960,Recommended,281690,25339564,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dworvin,Kind of like a souls game though less punishing with minigames mixed in that are also fun.I've put 6 hours into the game with my girlfriend (no its not coop or splitscreen) and beat it after that long so it does have some gameplay to it as well as replayable minigames you unlock.I would suggest this game to new gammers and kids ages to 17.Hard core gammer my self and I still liked it.
,Recommended,281690,17021059,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,MagFlare,"""Hi, Bob,"" said Linda Platinum to Bob Nickelodeon. ""Bob, over at my company, Platinum Games, we're big fans of your Avatar: The Legend of Furious Eskimo series, as it is known in our native land. Let's make a game based on it.""""Great idea!"" said Bob. ""You have a budget of forty-eight dollars.""""So, can we have good cinematics?""""No. We'll outsource them to Gary's Discount Car Wash and Animation Studio.""""Can we get all the voice actors?""""You can have about two and a half of them, and they'll sound pretty bored.""""Dozens of levels making up an epic twenty-hour experience?""""Eight levels. Call it a score attack game. Encourage replaying earlier levels.""""Good graphics?""""Sort of. Most of the environments and enemies will be bland and repetitive, though.""""Can we at least make it feel pretty good when you punch a dude with a tornado?""""Yes, but make it so it only feels good to punch someone with a tornado after a lot of grinding. Anyways, that eats up forty-six dollars of your budget. What do you want to do with the remaining two dollars?""""Is that enough to put a Temple Run clone in there?""""I guess, but why?""""I have no earthly idea.""---Recommended because it actually does feel pretty good to punch someone with a tornado."
,Recommended,281690,34549486,Posted: 28 August,all,CTRL+FU,"I have such a love/hate relationship with Platinum Games. When I play one of their games, I either REALLY like it, or REALLY hate it. There's no inbetween.This one falls on the like side, although it does everything it can to make me say otherwise.I like:It's shortIt's KorraThe graphics aren't great, but they fit well with the cartoonIt's KorraWhen you unlock all the elements, it gets much more funDidn't care for:The way the store works. If you get to the final boss, per say, you can't make anymore money, so each continue if you go to the store, you'll eventually run out of money on a super hard fightThe final bossCombat for most of the game is repetitiveThe final bossStory isn't... grrreat... but I've played worse written gamesThe final bossI'd recommend this game (on the cheap) if you like licensed games and don't mind ""samey"" gameplay. I sound like I don't like the game, but I do (mostly on the strength of the license.) Just that final boss... he can choke on a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198009689646,Recommended,281690,12635214,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,dave4985,"I enjoyed this game.  The combat is fun and fast-paced, the voice acting comes from the actual VAs from the show, and there's enough there for a second (or third) playthrough.  The pro-bending minigame (which warrants it's own spot on the main menu) is also fun enough to keep you trying to hit the top level.On the downside, the plot is very light, as it's supposed to be a side-story from between seasons Two and Three, only a few characters from the show appear for more than a few scenes, and the customization settings (Video, controls) aren't very customizable.Still, all in all it's a fun and enjoyable game set in a 'verse I'm fond of.  For the low asking price, it's worth checking out."
,Recommended,281690,12635454,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Gencci_FINALE,"This game will run well on pretty much every type of computer, ran extremely well on my craptop. Initial playthrough on normal was mostly a dull experience until late game. Playing it again with everything unlocked on extreme difficulty however was a far better experience. Loads of customization and depth with the combat, controls well. Camera can prove to be a problem sometimes. The game tries a lot of different things, and given its rushed development time it has a surprisingly good amount of content to vary the game a bit.Pros:-Great combat and customization-High replayability-$15 base price, well worth itCons:-Camera-Slow until you get all your bending-Naga running segments on extreme difficulty-Some segments will bug out and force you to quit that levelThe game is easily accessible, anyone can pick up. Amongst other character action games this is relatively easy to master, but still very fun. It has slow moments, and some bosses and fights are a bit annoying on normal mode, mostly because of the camera.Normal mode: 5/10Extreme mode 8-9/10If you don't replay your games this isn't worth your money. If you love character action games and replay games, this is worth the purchace"
,Recommended,281690,12662595,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ez - Noice!,"Am i bad or is this game just so goddamn hard?Graphics are good, nice celshading.the bending feels very natural and flowing, but the airbending is pretty OP.Well however, good game would give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,281690,22489297,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Adam XYZ,"I've been a massive fan of both Avatar and Korra for many years, but I'm not someone who's all that familiar with the beat-em up genre, so I hope to make the most solid review I can.Positives- The Cell Shaded graphics look awesome, looks like a cartoon.- I like the fact there using cutscenes that are like the ones used in the show, looks like I'm playing the show.- I'm at least happy to see that the elements you bend all don't feel the same, as certin elements are better for certin enemies, like earth-bending is a good attack option for the chi blockers since there close range fighters.- I like the story, although I would of perfered the story from season 2 or 4.Negitives- The Camera could be a bit better, although it's not attrocious, it's perfectly passible- Although the game isn't long, when there constantly making you fight the Triads though out the whole game, that started getting annoying, you can tell there padding the game out.- I would of liked seeing the other characters from the show to help flesh out the story, it felt like the whole story was based around Korra and the old man you incounter at the begining, I wouldn't ask for them to be playable, but it would of been nice to add some of the other characters like Tension, Makko, Bolin, and Asami to give more fleshing out.Other then that, this was an enjoyable game, it isn't perfect, you can see the flaws, but if I rambled more I'd just be nit picking.The Legend of Korra gets an 8/10, and don't forget I'm not someone who is all that familiar with the genre, so I have no Bayonetta, or Beautiful Joe, or other beat-em ups under my belt."
,Recommended,281690,17108002,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ϲaroM,what have you done platinum
,Not Recommended,281690,16933592,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,オビ,Games that reuse the enemies so often gets a thumbs down for me.  Their only seemed to be like 10 enemies throughout the game and they are just reused all the time.  Just recolored or maybe an ability change.
,Recommended,281690,12868140,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SkyroBlade,"So it may not be as smooth as Arkham's combo system and it can be frustrating at times, even buggy, but still...dam, this is fun.Every move looks beautiful, the cel shading doesn't look half bad, the different forms of bending actually have different attributes and moves, so they're almost entirely different styles instead of just being a rock-paper-scissors reskin of moves to counter whatever you are currently fighting and you can switch between them on the fly. You have to scroll through the bending styles though, which is a little dissapointing. A radial selection would be nice so I could go straight from Firebending to Waterbending, but its easy enough to get enough breathing room to have time to switch. Your dodge and block/counter move can interrupt your basic moves and combos, but you have to abandon them and any energy you charged up. Still, ducking out of a charge move and then charging again while your enemy throws their attacks at nothing is simple and satisfying. Counter's aren't that varied but are still satisfying to pull off, if a little frustrating during a few battles that require you to counter before attacking outright.Combo listings are kidna off to the side and hard to understand, but clear enough to figure out. You can even taunt enemies into attacking you, which is a feature that should be in every brawling game by now but few games have figured it out. Overall the movement during combat is incredible and the lock mechanic is useful without getting in the way when you are fighting a large group of guys.There are some platforming segments, nothing too difficult but they are hampered by the fact that the controls were clearly focused on combat. The closest thing you get to a second jump is using your dodge roll in mid-air and in at least one case I found that previously safe ground was now a bottomless pit after a loading screen. Combine this with enemies attacking you during the platforming makes it a tad frustrating, but still managable.Story sort of sits by the wayside, Korra always narrates why shes doing what she's doing but its few and far between. Cutscenes are shockingly short but the narration and other charcter dialogue gets the story told just fine. Has music from the show that matches well with the action on screen.There ARE spoilers if you haven't watched past season 1 of the show, like I had (because cable TV is expensive and they haven't put the show up on Netflix for some reason). They give away what I'm guessing was the ending to one of the recent seasons, but even without seeing it, I like the fact that the afteraffects of that event are still present in the story.That's about all I can say without getting spoilery myself, so if you care about that sort of thing, look out. If you just want to play as the AVATAR, get this game. Seriously.Now.Oh, but get ready to hate those three Triad guys from the first episode, who are EVERY miniboss I've encountered thus far. And more often than not you fight all three of them at once.Finished the game on basic and extreme, which is okay, but it makes the flaws more obvious. Fortunately, theres a few flaws that work in your favor that make up for the parts where it seems like its cheating. You just have to get lucky. The Pro-Bending league does a thourough explanation of the rules and is fun and challenging. Honestly I wish it was multiplayer, with a bit of control tightening and a secure connnection the Pro-Bending game alone would make a nice downloadable title for $5.Story is okay, didn't go as long or in depth as I thought it might and basically left out all the other characters until the end (and Cave Johnso- J.K. Simmons doesn't show up at all!...). Good start. Hoping they make another game and improve on the forumla they have going.And add multiplayer."
76561198093420833,Recommended,281690,24886722,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Chrischan,"This game was pretty hard.  I did manage to beat it in one sitting (about 3~4 hours).  It should be stated that I played on the easiest difficulty on my first play through.  Now lets get into the game:=Standard hack n' slash game=Tough game even on easiest difficulty (atleast until you get powered up)+Fairly good graphics+Able to use all 4 bending elements (water, earth, fire, air) and can switch between them easily-Game also has a few missions where you ride Naga (Korra's noble steed) through an obstacle course that resembles Temple Run which can get a bit annoying+Items in the shop don't cost a fortune to purchase-Some of the boss fights are ridiculous, especially on harder settings (multiple bosses with 1 mistake causing you to start over from the beginning of the fight)=Story was nothing great, but as a fan of the series it was fun just to play through it-Game is pretty short-Camera system is okay but it can get annoying to deal with=You can replay the game on a harder difficulty while keeping all the stuff you unlocked+Can participate in pro-bending battles that are fun for a bit+The different elements each have their own unique fighting style and it can be pretty satisfying shredding through enemies with the big air bending techniquesThis game was fun while it lasted but I don't see myself coming back to it.  One of the big considerations I take when looking for a game to play is how long it'll be fun to play for.  This game was pretty short.  I would still recommend this game to those who are fans of the Avatar series and are up for a little bit of a challenge, but this game shouldn't be bought at full price.Here are some quick tips on those who do decide to buy the game:-Water bending is good for hitting enemies who are on different elevations than you and is also fairly long ranged-Earth bending is pretty useful against bosses.  It is slow though-Air bending is my favorite and is great against big crowds-I never found myself using fire bending very often so I can't provide much info on it-Once your bending levels up, you'll unlock the ability to charge your attacks by holding the attack button down.  Wait until the circle around Korra closes in on her and then unleash the attack.  This charges your chi and makes all your attacks stronger.  As your bending level increases this chi bar (located under your health bar) will get bigger and have higher charge levels-There are 2 costumes and 1 item you can unlock by inputting button commands.  You can look these up with a quick google search.-Jump and dodge, jump and dodge, jump and dodge-Countering took a while to get used to the timing but it does pretty good damage to the big bosses-There are a few times you fight multiple bosses.  Focus on one at a time.  Jump and dodge.  Do the quick time events to inflict a fair amount of damage on them.  Also a helpful hint if you are having troubles is that if you cant see the other bosses on your camera, then they won't attack you.  So if you lock on to one of the bosses and rotate your camera to get only him in your field of view, the other ones won't attack you-Having troubles against the motorcycle equalist?  Use water bending.  Jumping and attacking will cause you to create a water pillar under your feet which keeps you in the air and allows you to keep attacking.  Air bending does this too but I believe that normal projectile attacks of air bending only travel horozontally and won't hit foes on different elevations than you like water bending will.-I started on casual difficulty and still had troubles at a few parts of the game.  You can also start on casual difficulty and use it as a chance to get familiar with the combat system and then increase the difficulty later if you wish."
,Recommended,281690,17888555,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zen-Zinxe,"This game looks nice and polished, is fairly fun to play but its replayability hinges on how motivated you are to get platinum medals on everything. The story is so 1 dimensional it hurts, and there was a severe lack of supporting characters.Ironically enough, as far as the game goes, it needs a better story and more character involvement to really shine as a Legend of Korra game. The gameplay itself is, besides being a little shallow, fine."
76561198041652237,Recommended,281690,17021972,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,nova_vortex,"Fire = SpeedEarth = StrengthWater = DistanceAir = AreaI havent watch the episodes, so I am not really considered a fan. But to me, this game is awesome and to get it on sale for $3+, it's dam worth the price. I dont play much 3rd person action games, so I have limited references for comparison, but it slightly reminds me of Shadow Of Mordor in terms of the fighting action, you will need timing and decide which combos to use. In Legend of Korra, you also unlock your combos bit by bit, and it does have some RPG elements in it, like you can decide which of the 4 elements you want to train/level up more, and a shop to spend your ""score"" points.One thing for sure it does way better than Shadow Of Mordor though, is the final boss fight. When you finally beat the last boss, you will feel deeply satisfied for this memorable experience. If you have a kid, I highly recommend this game to teach him/her the virtue of Tenacity because it is not easy peazy(on normal mode) and you will encounter some battles that your need to try over and over again. On the other hand, you dont get punished much for dying as the last checkpoint will always be close by. Do not worry about the inability to rebind keys on keyboard because you can easily find programs on the internet to do that for you. (I played this with keyboard + mouse & autohotkey, without an xbox controller)TL;DRI bought Shadow Of Mordor for $30, got satisfaction 9/10I bought Legend Of Korra for $3, got satisfaction 8.5/10"
,Recommended,281690,16394284,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DastardlyDeath,"Beat in 2 hours. Gameplay is good, fun but might seem repetetive to some.Worth the full price? I don't really think so. however the game is kinda short. It being a Korra game with its own story line is still a good excuse for the fullprice. however if you wanna wait for sales. be my guest.I'd wish there would be a longer game of this(granted i have not yet beaten pro-bending mode)8/10Would recommend this!A fan-must have"
76561198072680595,Recommended,281690,21762050,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,benvlieg,"Great game. I'm a huge Avatar fan. While the story is only ok, I found the combat fun and exciting. The different bending styles is represented amazingly.  Earth is heavy attacks and defensive. Air is fast attacks and about dodging. Fire is fast and aggressive. Water is great against groups. Story is short but there are 3 difficulty settings. Played through it on all the difficulties."
,Recommended,281690,22296083,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,emitrix,"This is a good game, dont let the reviews fool you. i enjoy it. it is short and defenily can be done a lot more with the whole world of Legend of Avatar. this is an start."
,Recommended,281690,14513398,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,JJO,"It's fun, sometimes a bit hard. Airbending is OP, some enemies annoying but a good game for its price."
76561197997195418,Recommended,281690,16577775,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Shennyboy,"If you're a fan of The Legend of Korra, you must purchase this game! It's short...but it's fun and you get to be the Avatar. What else you want? Get it while it's still in Summer Sale offer!The only sad thing is that, there's no trading cards for this game :(Plus you get to play pro-bending matches :)"
76561198043633558,Recommended,281690,15633997,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Zeubs,A short sweet game that suits ALL the needs of the common 'korra fan' 9/10 (It's short)
,Recommended,281690,25703314,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,PlutoBurns,"If you like Platinum games, there aren't a lot of their products on the computer. This one is acceptable. Not their best work, no one near the level of Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising Revengence. But it doesn't overstay its welcome and is available fairly cheap.The main problem with this game is the lack of variety. Each element has maybe 3 or 4 combos and that really doesn't lend itself to lots of finesse. The enemy variety is lame, especially with the number of times bosses are repeated.BUT, its based in a universe that lends itself well to an action game. Not familiar with Korra, but it definitely serving on that ""AVATAR"" fantasy. Minigame element competition is fun and tricky if you want to dive into it. Get it on sale and enjoy. Easy recommend for Platinum completionists."
,Recommended,281690,17711888,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"This game is perfect, I love the feel of it and the story is as much as the anime goes; the fact that you have to gain your powers back and using all of them is amazing.7/10 a must buy game."
,Recommended,281690,22508922,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Hytindrus,"Fun Game, It is a bit hard though... Go with casual mode first! If you don't dodge and counter everything you are pretty much doomed to fail. Casual mode will give you that training. I do recommend this game though."
76561198066444392,Recommended,281690,33878432,Posted: 29 July,all,rafaska,"i would give this game a solid 5.here's why (first the cons):1. the storyline is short2. repetitive gameplay3. AI has an extremely predictable set of functions4. the background settings & props are lacking in variety - you may get confused as to where you currently are5. graphics are 'meh' - good graphics but not extraordinarythe pros:1. fan service2. combos earned (as you go further into the game) are eye-pleasing3. simple and easy to learn4. extreme mode won't get you bored quickly - it has you really planning5. relatively cheap (debatable)this game costs usd 15. wont say it's worth the price but i got in on sale for about 4.80 (so who am i to complain). totally worth for me :D 10-11 usd should be the retail price imo.the game production felt like it was rushed (probably due to meeting the deadline for the publisher). but hey, i guess you can't ask much from a game that cost 15 bucks. Albeit, it really has the potential to grow and expand the storyline further. this game could be a hit if more effort and cost was invested into it.i'll only recommend this to those who want to spend a little time on a game that is not stressful.for fans of TLOK, definitely get this.for others, i will NOT recommend this. Not worth your cash. save it. UNLESS it's on sale (hahaha)."
,Recommended,281690,30888199,Posted: 1 April,all,Intone,"For 3.99, sure I'll recommend this game. The hardest thing about this game is its crappy camera angles."
76561198021726329,Recommended,281690,24635922,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,StrangeFlames,"The Legend of Korra is an action beat em up game based on the popular nickelodeon television series. We play as Korra the avatar in a brand new tie-in story to the television series about losing her powers to the chi blockers and slowly getting them back as she progress along her journey.There are four distinct elements that can be used in battle and they have their own special abilities and combos which looks and feels unique. Upgrades can be purchased to make those elements more powerful by adding more combos and skills. Character customization is present at a minimal as only four costumes are available and two of them has to be unlocked through secret codes (Tip: find them online). There are various collectables to be found which can lead to more currency and steam achievements.After completing the game, you are given access to the extreme mode of the campaign which is very challenging as the enemies hit harder and have more health. A pro-bending arena mode is also unlocked for play, where Korra has to either eliminate all three opponents from the arena or gain the most ground in the arena before the time ends.Do be warn that this is a pretty short game as it can take you around three hours to beat, but the low price of this game made that acceptable.Overall, this is a pretty decent beat em up game that can satisfy fans of the legend of Korra television series. I'll give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,281690,12654525,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,♥Flake♥,"If you love legend of Korra this is a must-buy for you, an intense and gruelling 3rd person beat em up. Using all 4 elements to crush your opponents and a special mode called Pro-Bending where you actually get to play in the arena (unfortunately only against AI)"
,Recommended,281690,23884161,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cryx,"If you Loved the show and would like to relive it, then this game is for you, it's got all the bending, bending tournement mode, and all the big boss fights. It can be reptitive but you wont notice it, except for the first few levels. It's not a big game but the time you spend playing it is super fun, and it's fun to replay it over to remember all those great tv moments."
,Recommended,281690,24041958,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Orlind,"Fun game taking place after season 2 of Legend of Korra. The cutscenes and story are nice and the combat varied and fluid considering the scope of the game. Would like a bigger game like this spanning all the seasons or as an aftermath to the show. Only real complaint is that its too short and if that is an issue, it goes on sale often."
,Recommended,281690,23188783,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Phantom Renegade,"Great game, best played with a controller.Not only recommended for Legend of Korra fans, but also recommended for fighting game lovers. PlatinumGames did great once again.As a fighting game, it does great. For some, the enemies and the fighting might get repetitive, but I didn't feel like that for me. You can unlock combos as you level up and you can use different types of bending to augment you playstyle. The epic boss fights and pretty martial arts make up for the lack of different types of enemies. That said the game isn't that hard but it's fun. If you really want hard, there is a New Game+ available at the end of your playthrough for the hardcore players.The Probending minigame is also really fun, and a great add to the game.All in all, you above-average cool looking fighting game, a must if you like fighting games and The Legend of Korra."
,Recommended,281690,31314777,Posted: 23 April,all,Uther,"This game should be continued in order to adapt the series, like, just bring Book 2 to the final chapter as DLC perhaps? You know, the story is too short to assume that this game was the series' adaptation. It was unexpected because the story is way too short than I expected, knowing that the graphic, fighting system, and element-bending system is great!"
76561198281791051,Recommended,281690,30644080,Posted: 20 March,all,olululuo,This game is a fun game.But the story mode is too short.Avatar game could be a magnificent game.It should be the expansion of the animation.You can structure a perfect world of the Avatar.Maybe I expected too much
,Recommended,281690,32902882,Posted: 27 June,all,JaySee,Story's a grind but worth for the pro bending mode.
,Recommended,281690,32683826,Posted: 23 June,all,Greentails43,"This game was real fun, albeit short, I was able to beat the game with all the achievements in 17.5 hours. It does not have much, or any, replay ability to it though."
76561198024967821,Not Recommended,281690,17206974,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ghostie,The show was great.The game isn't. Wouldn't recommend.
,Recommended,281690,12598352,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Roku,This game is literally just for those who watched all of the show seriously consider watching before playing.Luckily for me I've seen it all.The timeline is inbetween books 2 and 3. This means you need to watch teh show as the spirit portals are involved.The combat is really fluid and fun.I reccomend this for such a small price
,Recommended,281690,14230426,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AidenTheJones,"If you are a Korra fan and fighting games aren't something you hate then you'll enjoy this game.The Story takes blace between Book 2 and Book 3, it's a relatively short story but it's a pretty good one none the less. The real reason to love this game is it's Pro-Bending mode. That's where the replay value lives with Legend of Korra. It's such a fun and challenging experience that it makes you wish they made a game based soley around it."
,Recommended,281690,14616348,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Nightmare Duckie,"Relatively quick to beat but the Extreme mode and Pro Bending add a bit more playtime onto it. The difficulty of enemies and such changes gradualy through the game, allowing you to get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at the beginning but as you learn the controls and strategies better, along with leveling up your moves and bending, you get a satisfying feeling of accomplishment when you're taking down those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bullies that used to beat you up in the alleys. The music and sounds are very well done and emmersing, the soundtrack is taken straight from the show so everything feels in its place. The story is okay, it is written by one of the writers for the original show, Tim Hedrick, though he only helped write nine of the episodes. The story is supposed to take place between Book One and Book Two mixing some chi-blockers and dark spirits but you have to hold the game as its own seperate thing because it doesn't really fit right with the show. The ending of the game is a bit more outlandish and more anime-ish than the show is used to so that also feels a bit unfitting. The dialog is great with most of the original cast lending in some new voicelines, Korra's voice actor, Janet Varney, is of course present for the entirety of the game lending full dialog to well animated cut scenes.Overall the combat is solid, combos and counters rewarding, and sound design is excellent, I definitely reccomend if you're a fan of the show that want's a bit more story after it's ended or are a fan of these types of combo beat-em-up games. This game is much much more enjoyable with an Xbox controller or other gamepad but if you can't get your hands on one adapting to keyboard and mouse should work okay as well."
,Recommended,281690,17124942,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,prwnd,"This game is almost not bad.I enjoyed the game, finished it more times on more levels, but I only can recommend if you are a fan.The game is short, the environment is very limited and empty, but the fight system is great, the characters are well animated. You also can find many details in connection with the Avatar sequels.The story is independent from the series, so it won't spoiler anything if you haven't watch it yet."
,Recommended,281690,22437413,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,omae wa mou shindeiru,"Buy it if you're a fan of the Series (both) , if not don't."
,Recommended,281690,16395647,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JohanVonWilkifer,"For ATLA and LoK fans like me, this game is absolutely amazing in most ways, but there are some flaws to it. The fighting mechanics for the most part are phenomenal. Being able to switch between elements fluidly while using combos to defeat the Chi Blockers was more than fun. The one issue I'm seeing is that towards the end of the game, you're spamming the hell out of your tumble move to dodge the enemy attacks. And if you don't, then you're dead within seconds. The story is rather dull. ""An old guy has gathered some of your enemies to do bad things."" His abilities at the end seem a little ""unrealistic"" for the ATLA universe. Other than that, the game is definitely worth the current price of $3.59 but not so much for the $14.99 original price, mostly because the story is so short. Get it while it's cheap!"
,Recommended,281690,14017896,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Silva,"First of all I am a major fan of the Avatar series, both TLA and LOK.I purchased the game in when it was up for discount, I wasn't going to because it didn't seem very impressive from the trailer and major gaming website reviewers gave the game a bad score. After playing the game I can honestly say that the game was misjudged.Don't expect a major hit but you can count on having a lot of fun. Bending is awesome and each style has it's unique combos. Building combos is cool altough some battles can get a bit repetitive.Avatar state is cool but it doesn't last very long and I think they could have improved on that part."
,Recommended,281690,14227067,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Gouko Tenrou,"Wonderful beat 'em up game from Platinum Games.Been wanting the game for a while and when Steam decided to have it on sale I took the chance and bought it, having never watched the series but I had heard great things about it.The game is very fast paced and you face multiple enemies in almost every battle but considering the arsenal you have at your disposal the enemies shouldn't be that hard to defeat.You play as Korra (The Avatar), a girl who is able to manipulate all the elements (air, earth, fire & water).Each element has a few combo's, which adds to this games very delightful fighting system. Definitely a game that you could just pick up and start jamming without having to bother with learning a million tutorials, really straightforward fighting.Graphics and art look fantastic, the graphics style is similar to that of the new Naruto title's (which I personally love). There are also destructables in every chapter, from pots that grant you currency to chests that grant you items. Some are locked behind walls that need to be destroyed using a specific element, meaning that there will be some that you will miss on your first play through.Story mode is divided into chapters, which are selectable after finishing the game on any difficulty. There are three difficulty settings: Casual, Normal & Extreme (which only unlocks after beating the game once). There are also Naga runs on every chapter, where the objective is to ride Naga through a ""obstacle"" course and get to the finishing point.There is another game mode called ""pro-bending"", which is divided into three divisions (difficulty increases with every division). It is a 3v3 match where the objective is to knock back or even knock off the opposing team from the platform.The game is rather short, playing the story mode on Normal shouldn't take more than 3-4 hours. But there is replayability value, Extreme mode is a real challenge and adds quite a few hours to this game.All in all this is a great title for $15 and if you are a fan of the show then I would say that this is definitely for you."
,Recommended,281690,16753557,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AdmiralAwesome,I'm Korra. The badass Korra.The level design is a bit primitive. But gameplay is top-notch. Love this game.
,Recommended,281690,17624728,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ledger,"I'll make it nice and short.If you're a fan of the avatar series (Legend of Korra), the fighting genre and looks forward to the replayability factor of a game, then you should definitely consider buying this 6 hour Arcade Fighter. It extends the storyline of LoK, mixing some elements of Season 1 and 2. The fighting mechanics are quick, responsive and satisying. There's a wide array of combos and purchasables that will keep you interested and make the game enjoyable.Even though It has a lackluster narrative, It definitely makes up with Its replayability factor and great fighting mechanics.Personal Rating  - 9/10"
,Recommended,281690,15709902,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Honest Jackie,Love it. I wish that someone could make a multiplayer game out of the pro-bending matchs put some more depth and game mechanics into it. Would buy. But for this game it is amazing and i like it.
76561198026864454,Recommended,281690,15689117,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Jens LN,"A short and linear, but sweet game.The Pro-bending matches are well done.Most of the combat is very fluid and fun.And the cutscenes were very well done.Frankly, the only thing I didn't really enjoy  was the Naga runs.And that may just be personal preference."
76561198063411648,Recommended,281690,14831074,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ViggyPig,I recommend this game with a 9/10 rating. It has a very good story and the art sequences are amazing. The game is perfect for a singleplayer who wants to be indulged in the world of Legend of Korra. While the only thing I wish you could do is play as other characters.
,Recommended,281690,19725066,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,oskr989,"I really liked The Legend of Korra videogame, really, really liked. But don't get me wrong, it is flawed.Visually, it looks very good, both in-game and cutscenes.If you are fan of the show (and you should), be aware, you will be dissapointed by the story, most of the main characters do not appear in the game (Tenzin, Bolin, Asami, Mako).Combat is very good, as expected from a Platinum game, and it gets better and better once the bendings are maxed out.PC wise, I would've liked that the game resolution went above 1080p, but still looks good at 1080p in a 1440p monitor.Running on Naga is fun, but it gets frustrating when the running is combined with boss fight and extreme difficulty.The game feels rushed and I think it has something to do with Activision.I recommend this game to those who love a light beat em' up."
,Recommended,281690,23230083,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Styleshift,"This is a game made for fans of Platinum Games' amazing combat systems. This game's design is very old school.You will not win If you button mash and do not learn how to parry and dodge effectively. I loved the combat system in this game. I have not enjoyed a beat em up like this since the last console generation. There are plenty of unlockable attacks, upgrades, and items included in the game. The extreme difficulty mode adds to the replay value.I will admit that the only problems I had with the game were that enemies are able to attack Korra off screen and there is a boss fight where you fight 2 bosses at the same time that make it hard to parry/dodge because you are unable to see Korra when they constantly huddle up on you to attack you.  You are also surrounded by dark spirit holes in the ground that damage Korra while another enemy can attack you off of the screen during this boss fight. This was on the normal difficulty setting.The camera is not terrible but it has it's moments in this game.I've never watched any of the Avatar cartoons but I absolutely loved this game due to a friend's recommendation of it. I am going to start watching the series soon thanks to my friend and this game.8/10"
,Recommended,281690,22453687,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dan,"If you are looking for a continuation of the Avatar storyline, or for a general, well-written plot, this is not a game for you. However, if you are not bothered by the lack of a multidimensional story, then this game may appeal to you. This ""punch-em-up"" game, consisted mainly of challenging fights, to eventually regain Korra's ability to bend all the elements. I personally enjoyed the combat, there was a fair amount of different moves associated with each element. However, the process in which the player uses the combat, is quite repetitive. The game consists of fight after fight, with similar enemies, the battles were increasingly difficult, but became quite tedious after fighting several bosses that were carbon copies (or similar to) of previous enemies. The opponents that you face also sometimes have moves that are somewhat buggy, the recovery between such attacks like lightning, is quite slow, so they can hit you multiple times, allowing you to essentially die, or come close to, with a single attack. The game also had minimal voice acting, which made it feel distance from the television show, although the two have their similarities, I did not feel like I was necessarily inside the show. Although, the pro-bending tournaments, a mode implemented into the story, as well as a mini-game after you complete the story, is very true to the show. As for the price, I would wait until it is on sale, I purchased the game 75% off, for that price it was worth the $3.74 I paid; However, I would not purchase this at the full value, the game does not have enough content for it to be merited that price (I would value it between $5 and $7.50). If you can catch the game on a sale, it is a definite buy if you enjoy mindless fighting games."
,Recommended,281690,16404811,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[rave]Ravencloner,"This game reminds of Naruto on Ps2, from years ago. Good Fun and mini-movies. Bidass."
,Recommended,281690,15026292,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Pie Man,"If you're a fan of the show you'll probably enjoy this game, although the story and gameplay aren't top notch. Story is completely forgettable with rinse and repeat bad guys and a final boss that doesn't have any depth of character. The fighting system isn't all that deep either, you eventually have all the elements at your disposal and they all feel equally different and powerful but fighting the same enemies time and time again gets tedious. At the end of the day this game won't amaze you but for the price point and if you're a fan of the show it might be a nice 6-10 hour getaway."
,Recommended,281690,16334425,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mighty Donut,"So far the game is pretty amazing.I like the combo systems and how you can switch elements in the middle of a normal combo, and make your own elemental combo.The story is pretty decent so far, and i love the quality.The controls feel good even on a keyboard, and the camera is also nice.Sadly no multiplayer vs or anything like that, which would be pretty cool. If the combos had more depth to them at least.In the end, i find this game to be quite awesome and fun, and i do advise any legend of korra fan, to buy this game.I just wish they could make a legend of Aang one, and give even more depth to the combos ^^Having special attacks too.Anyway, i love this game and so far, i'd rate it an:  Final Battle of Aang against fire lord, out of, PerfectWe all know what this means ;)"
,Recommended,281690,28931935,Posted: 2 January,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"I have only seen few episodes of Avatar and have yet to touch Korra.  However, the Art style always intrigued me for both.  The real suprised was finding out this game was made by platinum games. So I knew going in the action was going to be good. The story apparently starts somewhere in between season 2 and 3. Cutscene are of high qualty as the cartoon and uses same voice actors.  The combat is fluid,fun, and doesn't over complicate it.  Its a nice beat em up game to relax and do cool combos that doesn't require hours of practice.  The game is HARD in some section even on normal.  This is a platium game afterall.  The camera can be a problem when u are fighting multiple enemies and is locked to a target. It is most evident in chapter 2 but its not bad enough that you will get frustrated because the actions so much fun.  The story campign is very short.  You can finish it in two seating or even one depending on your stamina.  Total of 8 chapters and took me rougly little over 2 hours to complete chapter 4 and thats dying at least dozen times.  Just a warning for those with 2K and 4K monitor.  The game only support up to 1080p but however because the graphics are cartoony it looks fine.I recommend to pick it up during a sale.  Its definately a fun beat em up game that you can sit back and relax and have fun.  Don't have to be a fan to enjoy it. A controller is a must."
,Recommended,281690,13538806,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Caramel Frappe,"VITAL INFORMATION: Play this game with a controller. No ifs, buts, or whats. You will NEED a controller to get the best experience possible.Review:Despite just being a $15 dollar game.. it's actually a fun game. Better than what I expected it to be anyway. There's a lot of good to it, and some flaws with it. Here is my take on the game with the pros & cons.Pros:Nice graphics to appeal you.Voice acting is great.Actual cut scenes in the game animated like the show.Combat and bending overall is amazing.Some replay value worth your time.Based off the show, so if you are a fan... you'll definitely get a kick out of this.Cons:Reused enemies on multiple occasions.No creativity in levels or scenery at all.Some fights are really unfair.Only took me 3 hours to beat the entire game.Although the Naga sequences are creative and sometimes fun, they're really annoying to play through.Final boss is FREAKEN TOUGH. I'd rather fight a Dark Souls boss on NG+++ than that LoK Boss again.Upgrades and items in the store are useless ... except one item.Pro-Bending is a lack luster mode with nothing to offer. It's a waste of time for sure.Extreme mode will make you smash your keyboard, trust me.Even though there are a few more cons than the pros, I feel this game is absolutely terrific. The combat feels good and I loved the interesting plot that takes place after Season 2 of LoK. I must admit, this is probably the best $15 game that I have ever purchased. I cannot recommend this enough, do try it yourself!Tip:For the love of God, save up enough spirit points to purchase the Talisman: Healing (aka the Gold Crown). Without it, you WILL struggle far more than you possibly need to, plus the final boss will be literally impossible to beat without the item equipped. Also due to Shadow Claw being an item you can only get by doing a code... do it as soon as possible, and have it in your slot. The item gives you longer combos which will help.I give this game a 7/10, stands strong with the pros, but there are quite a bit of cons. Yet, it is only $15 so yeah .."
,Recommended,281690,26167372,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Got Milk?,"Pretty fun I guess, haven't played that much though. If you have watched Legend of Korra you will probably like this."
,Recommended,281690,28769669,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Barboron,"The game's mechanics are simple but enjoyable. To be fair to the game, getting more and more complex in the combat would create unnecessary frustration and potentially detour away from the core of the game.One thing this game seriously lacks is multiplayer. Given the content in this game I personally feel there would be some room for a nice multiplayer game in the pro-bending game mode or perhaps 1v1 arena fighting. Choose your bender and go head to head, one element against another.While the game is short, I still thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it. Being quite skeptical on a lot of purchases, I took a risk on this one. After looking at the videos of game play I had a slight inkling that I might like it although it wasn't enough for me to take the risk. I merely bought it because I had money in my steam wallet and nothing else peaked me interest and to be honest...I'm glad I got it.Again, the combat is simplistic, the usual unlock system you find in games. Level up, unlock combos. Play, get currency, unlock combos. Nothing new in that respect. However, each element is leveled independetly which was a nice touch, it gives you time to become familiar and memorise the combos and abilities. Most importantly, you can chain different element combos together for really opening the potential for damage. Although there in lies the issue....the game is just too short to really get into it.So while there are some mixed feelings, it was an overall positive experience.I'd like to see another game in the future with the addition of multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,281690,20842523,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Zatsuya,"I really wanted to like this game, I did, I love Avatar and I love beat um ups, but I cant recomend this. This is a true example of beating your head against the wall. I have played darksouls so I am no stranger to difficult, but a game that will force you to play the same bossfight over and over because you cant counter and insta gib combo quicker than the game will relaize you have started the fight again is not one I would recomend. The story is shallow and the only references to avatar are the elements and spirits, strip locations away and it feels like a pushed out piece of trash"
76561198253223124,Not Recommended,281690,33969813,Posted: 2 August,all,arcang7,"I'm a big fan of the Avatar series and was excited to try a Legend of Korra game. I got it on sale for about $5 and I still feel like I paid too much. The game is mind-numbingly reptitive, and you can't even use your avatar powers throughout most of it. It's also, generously, about 4 hours long. You could probably finish it in 3 hours if you were just speeding through it. So not worth the regular price of $14.99."
76561197981386407,Not Recommended,281690,33971510,Posted: 2 August,all,Isness,"Cute graphics, amazing animations...Pitty they didn't put any effort to create an immersive story and the game is extremely linear and quite repetitive from beginning to end.Losts of potential wasted imo. Guess it can be kind of fun for some people tho.Overall:A+ Art, animations & combat mechanics.D-  Story, world and immersion.Expectations not met.I'd only recommend it on sale."
,Recommended,281690,15208621,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,CBAR (GetS_ReKt)☯,"When you re a fan of the series, a must-have, i had so much fun and it was a challenge from time to time as well :D"
76561198171399494,Recommended,281690,22804971,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Hubaloo2,"This game is fun, this game is not difficult to race through, but it is difficult to unlock all the achievements. I'm glad there isn't an achievement for Platinum medal playthrough extreme mode. Completing the campaign on normal opens up an eran battle that, on Ace difficulty, had me almost smash my keybaord to bits in frustration as the difficulty and challenge is insane, got my cheesemint though.This is an action adventure game with a very linear story line and is FUN. I got it at 75% and do not regret the purchase, if you're going to pay attention to negative reviews make sure they have more than 4 hours of playtime."
,Recommended,281690,22840709,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Milk,this game was the most awesomest gameplay experienceeven tho the story is a lil bit shortbut it was for sure worth itthe feeling when you bend them enemies to the ground is awesomei loved it so i completed in every diffwoulld play it morewoulld recommend it more
76561198138853649,Recommended,281690,22905578,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[StAnDiN]SkuDap_SkuDip,good game
,Recommended,281690,12699671,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,amfakes,"There hasn't been ANY game like this before. I would give twice the prize the game is to enjoy it, im not yet fully done with the story mode, i assure you this game is definitely worth the price to the players out there! Go get yourself this game for a fantastic adventure and action.My fav game for now. Big big up!!!"
,Recommended,281690,25452221,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SpyHunter,"Do you wanna kick♥♥♥♥♥with the four elements just like in your korean anime? Well in this game you can! As long as you get good at platinum standard levels of parrying, blocking, comboing, and repetitive enemies.All in all it's a good time, with an ending that fans of the show will love."
76561198005693990,Recommended,281690,15220931,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kagero_scm,"First off, if you're expecting a full AAA game with deep storyline and plot twists, you should skip on this title.Now if you're just awaiting for you typical beat em up with a barebone of a story just to get the game going, then this game is just right for the price.strong points:- sharp controls- fun gameplay, with a variety of play styles (in form of Korra bendings)- good graphis, even if a bit simpleIt does have it's drawbacks, though- small variety of enemies- a bit on the short side (you should beat it once in about 5 to 7 hours)- the naga run parts, while fun, don't mix well with the rest of the game."
76561198110507904,Recommended,281690,30838973,Posted: 30 March,all,JessyNyan,fun but the player's view is kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up
76561198003867656,Recommended,281690,30869340,Posted: 31 March,all,VastoLorde,"fast paced, challenging and fun game. I was honestly surprised as to how fun the game is"
,Recommended,281690,12618047,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Nasty Woman,"This game is FANTASTIC. The fighting, the bending, all of it is incredibly well done, very entertaining, great for fans of the show and people who have no idea what it is alike. Buy it, play it, love it. Pray for a sequel"
,Recommended,281690,13628615,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Matho,"Great game, funny action type, and great achievements. If you loved the Avatar series i totally recomend this game for you, otherwise don't buy it. Because this game is very cheap and you can tell for several details, several scenarios, textures, the enemies IA, etc. This game is not easy to learn and play if you want to buy it for your children i would recommend to set it in easy mode, so they can play having fun and without frustration.Story 6/10The story is not very good to my test, if there was more reference to some previous incarnation of the avatar or more explaination about the final enemy i could feel it like an 8.Gameplay 7/10The game is action type, each element has several combos that you will unlock when you use each bending type, and a few combos that you can learn buying bending scrolls from the shop.Also there is the ""Pro bending"" mode, that is a tournament of pro bending, very hard to beat the final team in extreme mode.There are some scenarios with Naga, are basically a Temple Run, but with several kinds of obstacles, bosses fight during the run, and Korra using bending while is riding Naga, to be honest in this parts you feel that the game need improvements, but to be fair the game only cost U$S 15, not 50 i mean, is not a 3A Game.The camera following is very bad... several times you will have to move the camara arround in order to see what's happening...The collectibles are related to the story of both Avatar series, the voice acting is descent, and has several treats for fans that i ensure you that you will love, like the locutor during the Pro bendings and the Ending when you finish the game.It took me 24 Hours to beat the game in all the dificulties, getting all the achievements and playing around to improve some scores. But if you wanna play the game in normal mode and the Pro bending normal mode too, probably will take around 6 hours.Graphics 8/10The element bendings effects and combos and the characters are great. This cel shading stlye matches great with the Avatar SeriesSound & Music 7/8The music is the same from the show, the start screen tutorial and ending makes you feel that you are watching the series again, some voice acting are great, others need some work, unfortanly the game is very short the story only shows very few characters of the series amost none of them...Total 7/10As i said if you love Avatar series, i totally recomend it keep in mind that this game is very cheap, so you should not spect a ""Shadow of Mordor"" Quality game, also is very short, if you are hardcored gamer, the achievements are very funny and is not impossible to get the 100% achievements."
,Recommended,281690,14190427,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,wizard master結城晶子リト,this game is so fun  if you like to fight and explore you can do that hear find secrets  best game i ever played love it so much add me if ya wanna be friends dude
,Not Recommended,281690,34011513,Posted: 4 August,all,morikalina,- Repetitive- Short- Boring- Hard controls
76561197995209464,Recommended,281690,16886388,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Diggie Smalls,"I want to have intercourse with Korra.Game is repetative, but!, it's in a fun way. Music is also good until you're like 3 chapters in.I love anime women."
76561198086316034,Recommended,281690,12600439,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Drbananapepper,"If you like the show then get the game. The internet is bashing the game, and never, ever listen to a review sites opinion. It is again an opinion, and I have been enjoying the game so far and have no gripes against it. Is this game a game of the year contender, no. It is a 15 dollar game that anybody that is a fan of the show will enjoy.Verdict: Get the game if you like the show."
,Recommended,281690,21442072,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Rotaway,"A good game, especially if you can catch it onsale. It's an avatar game, which unfortunately not much can be done with, it takes place between the events of Books 2 and 3, though actually knowing the lore isn't really required it would probably help you not to be lost. It's a platinum game and has the usual fun that comes with them, but it does suffer from one bad thing. Pro-bending is abysmally terrible, which unfortunately the first mission starts you out on. Of course I used a touch pad, not a mouse and keyboard, or controller, so its up to personal opinion how Pro-bending actually is."
,Recommended,281690,13576878,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kero-Chan,"Fun game. The cut-scene animation looks like it came from the show itself, and it blends with the game pretty well. It's nice getting snidbits of animation as a treat throughout the game. On normal difficulty, it was surprisingly challenging, but I liked that. You can tell the team had a lot of fun making the game, and their enthusiasm and energy makes it a fun play."
,Recommended,281690,17822289,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Pigeon Poopenheimer,"Because it's Korra, and because there are actually some really cool styled moments you kinda hate to hate this game, but there were parts of it that were annoying as hell.The ramp up towards understanding the game was brutal; you get thrown head first into the pro bending and you keep losing before you can catch a grip. Afterwards you get thrown through boring city streets and the same enemy + boss fights over and over again, and you get a sinking feeling that the game is bad. However, being introduced to the new elements over time and being able to experiment with the abilities at your own pace you will probably learn how the mechanics work - and then you can start to have fun.The pacing seems to be a bit of a problem elsewhere: there were some boss fights were the only reliable means of inflicting damage upon your target comes from countering one of their melee attacks, but in some boss fights the melee attacks are spread minutes apart which is really annoying, especially if you miss the counter!tl;dr - I do like the style, the cutscenes were great, the music was good as you would expect, the combat has pacing issues, the boss fights seem to have pacing issues in a different way. It's playable but annoying at first."
,Recommended,281690,16934593,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,HexStadium,"Legend of Korra is an okay game. Kinda wish Steam would implement a sort of _/5 rating system rather than ""Yes or No"".My biggest gripe is the length of the game and the lack of enemies types and variations. For example, I was unaware the Triple Threat Triad from the show was only made up of 3 people. Every time you have to fight the Triple Threats, it's the same 3 people. The Fire Bender, Earth Bender, and Water Bender from the very first episode of Korra. They appear multiple times, sometimes consecutively and it's always the same 3 dudes with the same tactics. I'm aware that this takes place after Book 3 (or 4, I dunno, really, it could fit anywhere) so there's spirite enemies, but there's only 3 types compared to the hundreds of variations in the shows. It's also lacking a lot in boss battles. With so many interesting enemies/allies from the show, you'd think some of them would make an appearance. Almost none of them do. The only allies that appear in the game is Naga for the Temple Run-esque minigames, Bolin and Mako for the begining and ending Pro-Bending minigames and Jinora makes a few appearances as a Navi type character, and Iroh is a shop keeper. Other characters like Lin Beifong, Asami, Tenzin, etc are all left out.At this time I have 4.4 hours on record. That's how long it took me to beat the game, and that was also me restarting again 1/4 of the way into the game. It is VERY short.Now the good parts. If you enjoyed Bayonetta you might enjoy this. It's made by the same people and generally plays just like it minus the long legs and innuendo out the endo. The story is original and apparently are voiced by the original voice actors from the animated series so at least there's that. Many of the locations are taken right out of the series so if you've watched the show you'll recognize a lot of the locations. If you havent watched Avatar Korra or played Bayonetta this game is probably not for you.Edit: I forgot to mention this game is VERY unforgiving and that you can end up getting stunlocked and killed in a matter of hits, or blindsided by an enemy and insta-killed"
,Recommended,281690,13965195,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,skoom,"This isn't a normal review; I just pulled it from a comment I made about this gameIt appears shallow at first, with a farly short and linear story, but the replayibility actually manages to be pretty high. For one it takes almost the whole game to unlock every element - with each having multiple levels to unlock more power, chi and combos. So if you want to see what Korra really can do....Going back to previous missions and attempting to get better scores, and again on higher difficulties... the pro-bending circuit along with it's own scores and difficulties...there's sh!t to do dog"
,Recommended,281690,17335127,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Syrsly,"This game has great anime style cutscenes which tie it into the show atmosphere, giving you the feeling that you're playing an episode of the show... an episode of the show that does not corelate to anything in the show's plot and feels poorly written.Pros:1. Fun combat, very challenging.2. Frequent cutscenes which look very much like the show.3. Meta games included which require fast reflexes.4. Pro bending meta game is fun and feels like it ties into the show well.5. Item shop offers some replayability and ways to reduce frustration.Cons:1. AI does not do anything when not shown on-screen unless the AI was the last one you attacked.  Not a big deal when fighting a single character but makes fighting crowds a little unbelievable and unbalanced.2. Some of the cutscenes are entirely unnecessary, like the ones which show Korra unlocking an ability.  I would have preferred to see in-game animations.  Thankfully, I was able to skip cutscenes when I found them obnoxious.3. Meta games seem a little unnecessary and the game forces you to complete them to continue the story.4. Beating story mode unlocks pro bending mode for those who just want to play pro bending matches.5. Items go away when consumed and do not come back if you restart the level.Good game for Korra fans."
,Recommended,281690,16936151,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ekz,"If you enjoyed Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising Revengeance, you will enjoy The Legend of Korra. As it was developed by Platinum Games, the combat in The Legend of Korra is reminiscent these titles. I've read that this game was fairly low-budget, and thats reflected in its short length. It can definitely be beaten in one sitting, but like other games developed by Platinum Games you will unlock harder difficulties and can give yourself an additional challenge trying to earn   platinum medals in every fight. Pick it up on sale to get the most bang for your buck."
,Recommended,281690,12625188,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,liminal18,"Kicking and smashing are libidinal activities we all need to engage in. Regardless of how far off that first moment of parental smack down was, the simple paradox of our desire to preserve and smash fighting is somehow intrinsic to our nature. While conflict is often a result of various parties failing to see each other's subjectivities, we do usually head straight to fistcuffs before higher functions take us down from the animal world. It is perhaps our movement away from violence that betters us, but hot damn do I love a good fighting game. Why is Korra fighting these folks? I don't know! I've never seen the anime or the movie or the trailer for this game, but what I am trying to get down to is that like Platinum's other maligned brawler (Madworld... which IMHO is their best brawler) Korra manages to get that instinctual desire to conflict down pact, it throws in a few light rpg like elements in the form of items, talismans, and consumables, it has combo challenges in the form of chests, it in other other words takes the formula of beat 'm and runs with it. Does it carry ideas as far as Bayonetta? ♥♥♥♥ no. This is a parred down brawler, but if cheesy sombrero wearing cyborgs fail to entice you, or a well mannered protoganist with a lovely assortment of friends might seem like your thing, this game rules. The combat builts into satisfying dodge and parry mechanics while the minor leveling system is easily gamed, In other words, yes mr. pro-gamer might thing this game sucks, but if you're a noob to the genre by all means dive in,"
,Recommended,281690,18563736,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dean Dean,Good choice for Avatar's fan
,Recommended,281690,16990580,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,REVIVER,Good and smooth gameplay.
,Recommended,281690,16974586,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Elliot-,"Recommended, but the story are too short, only need less than 3 hours to complete this game, we need DLC :)"
,Recommended,281690,15632663,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cyrus,Waifu fight simulator. Not bad for 7 bucks.
,Recommended,281690,16982416,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,OMorty,"I just beat this game on Casual mode, and I have a decent chunk of Normal mode completed. My impressions:PROS (Game)+Fast, fluid combat+Smooth, responsive gamepad controls+Great difficulty curve+Short, sweet, and to-the-pointPROS (Port)+Light system requirements*MIXED (Game)?Naga sections**CONS (Game)-Asset recycling limits enemy and environment variety-Gameplay and story often conflict with each other***-Limited replay value ****-Music is forgettableCONS (Port)-Limited graphical options*****-No option to rebind keys-Mouse and keyboard controls weak overallOVERALL, it's a fun, decent beat 'em up with an inconsequential story and problems typical of games with limited budgets (and a possibly short dev cycle). Fun for what it is. It CERTAINLY doesn't deserve all the hate it's gotten, since there are far worse games set in the Avatar universe. It does feel like the groundwork for something greater though, which is unfortunate considering there most likely won't be a sequel. :/NOTES*My PC was built in late-2011 with lower-end parts (i3-2120, GTX-550ti) and the game still ran at a near-constant 60 FPS.**Naga sections are fun in bursts. However, since they're static endless runner-esque stages, they rely HEAVILY on trial-and-error. Sure, they're fun in bursts, but the Naga missions only get more frustrating as time goes on. Oh, and they introduce combat for these sections, BUT IT ONLY APPEARS IN ONE MISSION.***The story in a nutshell: Korra's on a quest to regain her bending abilities so she can defeat an evil old man who blocked her chi so he could unleash an army of evil spirits to take over the world. While it's pretty barebones (and not much to write home about), the game lets you replay levels while retaining the bending abilities you already regained. Because of that you end up having to hear dialogue, watch cutscenes, and do things to regain bending abilities you already have! It makes things very incoherent, which can be pretty jarring.****All you can really unlock after beating the game are more combos (which, in some ways, are Dyntasy Warriors levels of simple), a harder difficulty, a Pro Bending arena mode (which can be blasted through pretty quickly), and some extra costumes. Not much considering there are indie games that go for the same price that offer much more content.*****The only options you can adjust in-game are the resolution (which maxes out at 1080p) and if graphics will be ""smooth"" or ""normal."" I'm assuming the latter refers to some anti-aliasing, but I have no idea given how vague that setting is worded in-game. I had to mess with the graphical settings in the nVidia control tab to apply some extra graphical effects."
76561198126939378,Recommended,281690,16949498,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"Well, it's another moving picture coming to the game world.There ya goPros:- Legend of Korra, comes with the voices and look- not heavy on your potato- decent 3D beat em up mechanics and powersCons:- looks lifeless and empty- you need to unlock all bending first- Power Bending mode is locked prior to playthrough- Power Bending feels, well, stupid- even with the license the cutscences are just bad- very repetetive- flunky, flunky controls- story?Any Avatar fan, may it be LoK or TLA, should take a good look. if you expect anything game changing for the series or hardcore fan, you'll be let down. if you are okay with a 3D beat em up that never rises above average but with a franchise sticker on it, you found the right gameanyone else should really give their money to something elsetl:dr: average and lifeless plug to the Avatar franchise with decent combat mechnics, but nothing to keep anyone above 12 busy for long. only on a sale"
,Recommended,281690,18033188,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Nitkovonema,"Rare instance of good TV show to video game adaptation.Worth less than it wants, get it on sale."
76561198149494288,Recommended,281690,18943060,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Snippa,people are saying negative things about this game but i really enjoyed playing even though there are some bad
,Recommended,281690,17179263,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,zhreyhander,"A really difficult game and sometimes repetitive and exhausting. But I'm an Avatar series fan so I play because of the series, not the game. Still, if you like to be challenged, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,281690,16500508,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Tyrrrz,"If it's on sale with at least 50% off, get it without reading the rest of the review.So KorraGame is essentially a game, following the original cartoon plot line. You probably would have not the slighest clue whats going on if you didn't watch the series. It's an arcade game with a lot of jumping and button mashing involved, but considering it's a game about a kids' movie it actually did a very good job. The story is rather short and seems to have a timeline between book 2 and 3.My overall score is 7.5/10, here is the breakdown:Pros:- Nice cellshaded graphics, the drawing style is the same as the one in the series- Cutscene animations were (what looks like) made by the creators of the cartoon and are not just a copy paste of parts of the animated series- Controls are very convinient most of the time. The game tells you that a gamepad is desired but playing on Mouse+Keyboard is not going to hinder your game experience at all- Very good combat system with combo strings, blocking, parrying, dash-dodging, etc- Level up system for your bending styles that lets you open up new combos and make the older ones stronger- Artifact system with a healthy amount of passive and useable items, although some of them are clearly overpowered (i'm looking at you Talisman of Healing)- A couple of costumes to choose from, in case you get bored of water tribe dress code- Helpful, but not annoying text tooltips to give you an idea of the controls and the game in general- Higher difficulty levels present an actual challenge- AI is pretty good and the enemy skill set will force you to remember which skills to dodge, to parry or look out for- Good balance between elements, although some of them feel stronger than others to me- Overall professionally madeCons:- Some cutscenes cannot be skipped, which gets annoying if you're restarting a boss battle over and over- Very small variety of enemies to fight. And i mean VERY small. Enemy types: chi blockers, spirits, triad leaders, mech tank boss and the final boss. Some of them have swapped color palletes with different skills, but aside from that, that's all you'll ever see all game- Naga runing missions are pretty boring imo- You start the game with bending disabled and work your way to getting them back. Because of that, your water bending will most likely be way higher level than others and you'll probably end up using it most of the time- No multiplayer, in case you hopped for it- No Earth Kingdom costume from Book4IMO, the game is good because of a really good fighting system that keeps itself close to original animated series. The rest is meh at best."
,Recommended,281690,16645956,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OPPAI-INARI,"Not perfect! Does a somewhat poor job of teaching you how to play, making it difficult for inexperienced gamers or younger kids. Requires a fair bit of grinding to unlock all the moves, and the Extreme difficulty mode is really, really cheap and unfair, requiring a lot of luck to win.However! The game itself is pretty fantastic, with a decent amount of unlockable content and really solid core gameplay thanks to the experience of the developer, PlatinumGames.Recommended for anyone who is a fan of third-person brawler games, or of the Legend of Korra series. An Xbox 360/Xbox One controller is all but required. Also strongly recommend a borderless window toggle app!"
76561198012260891,Recommended,281690,17908896,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TurboMummo,"I always wondered if there was a game based on the great cartoon. When I saw this at the 1st time, i had mmy doubts. But Activision got my faith and it didn't disappoint me.Very cool and smooth element-change, counter-system works, avatar-mode is awesome, and the story is quite interesting.  The final boss was a little bit too easy. That's my opinion.The camera is quite funky sometimes, but u get used to it. And it's quite easy to handle. In general, very good game, with lots of extra features and gizmos. 5/5"
,Recommended,281690,16954551,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,☪ P E B I S ☪,Rediculously short game but I'll be damned if I didn't love every minute of it.
,Recommended,281690,16949117,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Febel,"Rather short at less than 6 hours, and the story is rather poor, especially if you're a fan of the show. That aside, it was developed by Platinum and it shows. Combat is comfortably varied and plenty of fun, and the final boss is just as ludicrously over the top as one could expect from a Platinum game. An excellent way to kill 6 hours even if you're not a fan of the TV show. It's on sale for under $4 as I type this which makes it absolutely worth the cost. Grab it now, while it's dirt cheap. I'm almost certain you won't regret it.Also, recommend you play it with a controller rather than the mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,281690,17433971,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shovel,"This is the Korra-est game I could have asked for, and that's saying something. If you're familiar with the financial tribulations of the show, you'll know what to expect. If not, the outline goes like this: The didn't get a lot of funding, but they did the best they could, and it turned out pretty good. Thus, I won't deny that it's a low-budget game, but I think it's a good game too. I find it quite fitting, and at a low price tag, I really thought it was worth it.The game is set between Seasons 2 and 3 of the series, which is quite a nice point to put it. There's so much Avatar Stuff in this game, and they really tried to cram it in at the seams. The fanservice is on point here, if that's what you're after. Basically everything from the first two seasons makes it in here in some fashion. You get to play as Korra, of course, and that's cool. But you also get to run around in a bunch of important locations. Republic City, Air Temple Island, you even pop into the Spirit World for a bit.You get to ride Naga. Sure, it's a minigame, but that's another Avatar experience they managed to squish in and it's pretty fun I guess. There's also a Pro-bending minigame, which was completely unnecessary. But again, more Avatar Stuff and it's pretty fun too. The collectables are all items of interest from the series, and so are all the shop items. Hell, the shop itself made me giggle a little with joy. Many of the Achievements are quotes from the show, and a couple also made me giggle. The more you progress, the more stuff you come across from the show, and there's lots of it to find. It's cel-shading looks nice and quite like the show. Hell, the cutscenes ARE the show. It's super nice.The Combat: Oh lawdy, does it feel good. This is where a lot of the love went, and it really shows. If you know Platinum Games, you'll know the tight combat they're reputed for, and this is no exception. Each element has it's own characteristics, moveset and stance. Between the four elements, there's an okay number of moves, but each one is something cool, and only a few strikes double up exactly in effects. You can switch element with impunity, and flitting between them during a fight feels really good. You're the Avatar, of course you can change it up. Also Avatar State is a thing, it's alright, but elemental storms are more fun to do.The combat system is smart, easy to understand, but there's a lot of nuance. Getting the best out of your moves in a fight requires flow and timing, which is a nice analogue to the martial arts bending is based on. You can combo into special moves while staying in an element or switch and execute them outright with some stick trickery, which makes for some interesting possibilities once you've unlocked the entire moveset. The block/parry system is also sound, and you can defend almost everything. You can even knock back projectiles with some timing! Needless to say, mastering it makes you feel untouchable. Another plus is the Talisman system, in which you can pick 'n' mix four items with various effects. Healing, damage, stun resistance, money generation, run speed, the list goes on. It's a nice little touch to add some extra depth.Did I mention you keep your unlocks per-save? It's neat to go back and trash enemies you had trouble with as a full-fledged Avatar. Each fight is also medalled, with a chapter medal being an average of that playthrough. Each difficulty gets it's own average medal once you finish every chapter, so if you're into score attack type stuff this could be fun. Personally I enjoyed trying to Gold everything a lot, and it's an encouragement to get better at bending to score better medals. Given it's a Platinum work, Extreme difficulty is HARD. Not cheap by any means though, just challenging as hell and a real nice second wind for the game.Let's get down to everything bad I can think of about the game, then I'll counter those, then I'll wrap up.- It's short:If you're good, you'll burn through it in 4-5 hours on Normal. You won't unlock half the stuff or find half the secrets, but if you wanna pump 'n' dump this is not for you. If you'd like to unlock everything and wring it for what it's worth, I played through every difficulty, unlocked everything and got all the Achievements in about 21 hours, and I enjoyed all of it. I still pop it in occasionally to let loose on some bad guys.- It's a bad episode:The antagonist and plot both feel a little thin, and it's more an excuse to string in all the Avatar Stuff in the game. I don't mind, as I'm more interested in doing Avatar Stuff anyway, but if it's literature you want, you're in the wrong place.- Low variety of enemies:While the combat is good, there's a basic handful of recycled enemy types for each of the three factions. They wear a little thin after a while, even if they start mixing up the combinations. One playthrough is fine, but after a couple you find yourself wishing for even two or three more variants.Ending on a positive note:+Bending feels great and is really funFanservice out the wazooBasically a long, interactive episode of Korra with lots of fightsLow asking price makes no bones about contentsIn closing, it's cheap and cheerful, and very like the series it's based on. Considering the financial disdain that seems to be shown for the property, we can't expect AAA greatness, as much as that pains me. But, I am quite happy if this is the shot they gave it. I thoroughly enjoyed it and found it a real fun gamification of the series I enjoyed so much already. Despite money problems, it's got a lot of love poured into it, and I can appreciate that much."
76561198084222495,Recommended,281690,15667997,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[DEKU] ScrubLord,"Even if you're like me who barely saw The Last Airbender, there is some fun to be had. If you want to get into this type of game, this might be a good start if you buy it on a sale. And hey, it's an action game made by the Bayonetta people goddammit! All and all they made this decent action title out of a pretty crappy budget. Though it might not be worth 14.99 as it's pretty short."
76561197961409445,Recommended,281690,16929316,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RawrSoft,"For $3.74?!  Worth every bit.  I really enjoyed the game, though it is short.  Don't let that steer you away from this deal though, you'll likely play the 5 hours straight through as the fluidity and mechanics of the combat system are real attention grabbers."
,Recommended,281690,13566732,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tinkle the Fuck-Fairy,"This game is probably the worst game I've ever played, even worse than Dark Souls. If anything in my life has made me want to kill myself, it's this game. Only buy this if you hate yourself, and wish to cause your self as much harm as possible, because this game will hurt you in every way possible.Once you get to expert mode, a quick guide to get past act 5 is to just delete System32."
,Recommended,281690,13943106,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Brocologist,"Legend of Korra is based off the television series Legend of Korra (redundant but...) which is a western adaption of Eastern culture, myths, and legends. It was developed by the game studio Platinum Games, Inc. which is famous for their other titles like Bayonetta. The game comes with the steamworks features: achievements, Steam Cloud for game saves, and boasts full controller support for those of you who are running in Big Picture Mode, so no mouse is required to boot the game and the game instantaneously recognizes controller support without reboots or toggles.The story is short, sweet, and to the point. Fluff doesn't exist and while the writing may not be AAA, it runs within the same vein as the series which is honestly good enough for me after a previous movie adaption of the original series which we aren't supposed to talk about by the director whose-name-shall-not-be-named's trainwreck (and honestly, that's playing fast and loose with the term). The graphics are simplistic but this doesn't detract from the beauty of the game. The bending forms and styles are uniquely different and yet very, very close to the show that it often surprises me to realize that I am the one controlling the action. It becomes almost an addiction to bust out moves that easily change how the game plays. Music is absolutely stunning and I would argue that I want a soundtrack of the game music simply because it is THAT good. What is you see is what you get and clearly Legend of Korra delivers on what it advertises, I can't complain much more about that.Overall, I really recommend this game to both fans of the series and newcommers. The game's fighting system is very polished, the probending is precisely like the television series, and overall this game reflects my personal belief that if you focus heavily on polishing the mechanics of your game to be fluid, intuitive, and fun then nothing else really matters. I'll definitely be pulling this game off the shelf from time-to-time to play it again, much like I do with Mirror's Edge.My only complaint about the game is that I would like to see further integration of steamworks features such as trading cards, badges, emoticons, and backgrounds for Steam. If that were to happen then I would truly be utterly satisfied with this game."
,Recommended,281690,14758278,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,AusGuardian,"I havent had this much fun with an action game since Jak and Daxter on Ps2!!!  Which makes me think... imagine this avatar universe with the scale of a Jak and Daxter game, with an open and diverse world, imagine unlocking the flying mastery for airbending to explore! With the size of the world, and diversity of the story, plus the 100+ avatars before korra, the scope is huge for development for another avatar game, action and adventure, with a Ps2 feel good style, and a story we all LOVE, the possibility could be the oppertunity to tell the rest of the story, and more! go for it devs GO! This is the best avatar content since the series, unlike cheap hollywood films! :P those who watched that movie will know, the spirit of the show is in the characters, and you cant recreate that!!"
,Recommended,281690,12609026,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Greeno300,"If you love the show, you will love the game."
,Recommended,281690,14380586,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,nig gona nig,I really enjoyed this game. Even after finishing the story line there's things to do so I would definitely recommend :)
,Recommended,281690,15689538,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ni Kuz Nahkriin,you can YOL-TOOR-SHUL 11/10 needs more dragon shouts.
76561198096714235,Recommended,281690,12896431,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Kyouma,Nice game.
76561198054337027,Not Recommended,281690,15782330,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Aikura,Play this with a keyboard and mouse and tell me it's not harder than Dark Souls. I ♥♥♥♥ing dare you.
,Recommended,281690,14284594,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,hearto,This game is recommended for Korra's fans!Exciting game!
,Recommended,281690,16591287,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[PGZ] Veeger,"Shockingly good fun.I picked this up in the summer 2015 sale because it was on sale and I was a big fan of the series. That said I was truly surprised by how much fun I actualy had.The combos are great, and the ability to swap between bending feels smooth and natural.The story is great but unfortunately it's very short.The Pro Bending along with the Naga levels were a real treat that I did not expect.I really do recommend this especially to those that love the series and even more so if and when it's on sale!Here's to hoping that it's a sign of things to come because it is definately a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,281690,12654182,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Man Man,"If you are a fan of The Legend of Korra and beat em up style combat, you will enjoy this game. It is not a AAA crazy budget title, it is probably the worst of platinum's projects, and it's not even close to the best game I've ever played. However, it is a ton of fun, and reasonably priced. I got my Korra fix and I enjoyed every moment of it."
,Recommended,281690,12738532,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bananatism,"Not through with the game but here's how it seems so far.After kicking some demon♥♥♥♥♥to go home and get them lover boys afterwards, you find yourself strolling through the alley to get back to your lover boys when some crazy wrinkly wack knocks you out in the alleyway. You wake up finding all your dance moves gone and stolen by the old lemon because he be jelly. Now you must regain your phat shugga momma skills so you can turn up the heat, take their breath away, rock their worlds, and show them moves as smooth as ice. Only then, shall you master the ability to blood bend them bad boys proper and save your lady-pimp status and douse that fool.REAL REVIEW:Gameplay is smooth and responsive but a few more combos would be nice. You can swap between bending styles (types of combos) easily. While enemy vareity is very limited, bosses seem to be damage sponges with counter attacks being the only real weakness of them. If this was $60 I would burn it to the ground, at 1/4th the price and presumably 1/4th the budget, they used what they had and used it well. Recommend, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,281690,16936734,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ls,"Игра довольно однообразная ввиде локаций и сам сюжет не цепляет, так же коротковата ~3 часа полное прохождение.Если вы фанат серии можно пройти так как боевая система на уровне т.е. от*издить противников можно всеми стихиями. Играть в неё только с геймпадом, ну собственно как и в любой файтинг."
,Recommended,281690,17268670,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Red Saber,"Short and fun game with good gameplay, short story and mini games as obligatory stages. (lol)"
76561198092226522,Recommended,281690,17184073,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,deathjesterxiii,Beat this game like a boss . .
76561198044885287,Recommended,281690,19921763,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,falconfetus8,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, but not unplayable."
,Recommended,281690,20225667,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Niburo,No words GG!
,Recommended,281690,19969566,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Larin_4yLIIKa,"There's definitely some things you need to know about this game before you buy it:1.) The difficulty ramps up ridiculously in some fights. I had to go to the shop a billion times to buy items so I wouldn't die. I still died. And this was on normal.2.) You will get combo'd unfairly by the enemy at some points. Some of the more difficult enemies team up and feel blatantly broken when you have to 2 or 3 vs 1 them. (Airbending is the best one for this when you get it) I've even dodged out of the way of attacks and still have been hit. It can get immensely frustrating.3.) There's really not a whole lot of replayability to this game- unless you really, really like LoK and beat-em-ups.4.) No Mako, Bolin, Asami, Tenzin, etc. The world feels a bit barren sometimes.But there are pros!1.) if you've played Bayonetta, then you'll be much more adept at picking this game up. The combat is extremely similar. Two buttons for light and heavy attacks (like bayonettas punches and kicks respectively), Right trigger for dodging attacks, air combos and air dodges. The combos have been toned down a bit though- that and you have to unlock them by either leveling up your bending or buying them.2.) The bending looks and feels pretty good. Especially when you unlock all of the combos and abilities. It take s a bit to get all your powers back, but other than that it's pretty fun.-Water is generally the ranged style. You're gonna use this one a lot. Kind of weak later on, but still useful. sometimes you'll freeze your enemies.-Earth is slow, but definitely powerful. I didn't use this one a whole lot, mostly because I preferred the other styles. This one is best with large, more static groups. Sometimes you'll stun enemies and it'll give you the chance to defeat them quickly.-Fire is close combat, and super fast strikes. It's not super powerful but it gets the job done against small groups. Sometimes enemies get set on fire.-Airbending... Well, it's like a medium range combat style? I don't really know how to put it. Regardless, this honestly feels like the most powerful style in the game, especially if you charge up the attacks. It's literally just tornadoes everywhere. One of korra's strongest moves is simply charging up her heavy attack and mashing it while in a group. It's almost overpowered, but not quite.3.) Graphics are solid. Doesn't even take much to run them on a high setting either. The visuals are like a slightly cel-shaded version of the show itself. The music is also pretty much what you'd expect from the show too. Very well done.All in all, if you're a fan of the series, I'd say pick it up. If you aren't, then only get it if you like beat-em-ups or are interested in the show (although I'd recommend watching it first, some things won't be quite clear without that)."
,Recommended,281690,20012936,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DaPhuuLz,"Even though The Legend of Korra lacks of settings and options. Or the game cannot go 4k resolution. (it's up to 1080p iirc)Or it is just a game about Beating Men - Beating Robots - Ride Polar DogBear and Repeat.This small game is very enjoyable.I can feel my stress flying away with each hit, each counter, each incredible dodge counter AoE combo.The items for gameplay customization is pretty solid fun and give some variety. (like trading half HP for x2 exp, etc.)Solid Control with Keyboard/Mouse or Joypad. Even though cannot rebind or change the control. (without using 3rd party program) But the Default control is doing just fine for me.Also the game is not expensive. it's a cheap stress relieve beat'm up game. 60 fps cap.-Recommended!-edit: I really Hate the Naga sequences (where you ride the polar dogbear and do Audio surf thing)----------------แม้ว่าตัวเกมจะไม่สามารถปรับแต่งออพชั่นหรือปรับเปลี่ยนปุ่มควบคุมใดๆ หรือความละเอียดหน้าจอก็ปรับได้ไม่เกิน 1080pหรือว่าตัวเกมจะมีแค่ สู้คนใส่หน้ากาก สู้คนไม่ใส่หน้ากาก สู้หุ่นยนต์ ขี่หมาหมีขาว ซ้ำไปซ้ำมาแต่เล่นเพลินมากๆ เพราะการโจมตี-ป้องกัน-ตอบโต้ แต่ละครั้ง ให้ความรู้สึกดีมากๆสามารถปรับเปลี่ยนสไตล์การเล่นด้วยการใส่ไอเทมที่จะส่งผลต่างๆ ในการเล่น (เช่น เพิ่ม/ลด พลังโจมตี ทำให้ลากคอมโบยาวขึ้น หรือสั้นลง)สรุป เป็นเกมสำหรับระบายความเครียดได้เป็นอย่างดี ไล่อัดคน/หุ้นยนต์ ทุบข้าวของแถมราคาถูกมาก เล่นคุ้มแน่นอน-แนะนำ-edit : เกลียดด่านที่ต้องขี่หมาหมี เล่น Audio Surf มากๆ"
,Recommended,281690,14598738,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,vespercirrus,"This is a fun and challenging action beatem-up game. If you like the Avatar, it feels like youre playing the show."
76561198016577707,Recommended,281690,18229228,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Cross,"This game is not going down in history as one of the must have 3rd person hack and slash games. If you love games like bayonetta, devil may cry, ninja gaiden, or god of war that you will be dissapointed in this game. Right off the bat you can tell that this game is budget game. It looks like the got little to no time or money to make this game on the scale of those other games mentioned. However this game is a good game to just pick up and play, yes its not a huge game with puzzles and amazingly deep combat mechanics/platforming.This game is basically for the fans of the show, its just a fun ""beat em up"" type of game. There are some weird moments like the temple run type mini game missions that are sprinkled during the game, but overall for a cheap game I enjoyed it. I would recommend this game only if u got it on sale for dirt cheap and then go into it liking legend of korra and old school beat em up type games. There is enjoyment here, but its not for everyone. Sadly this is made by platnium games and I only fault activision for no giving them enough resourses and time to truly make this game amazing."
,Recommended,281690,19150154,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Juggisters,"I bought this game right when it initially came out, although I forgot about even writing a review on it until now.For starters, the story isn't the best, I'll admit. While it gives you a reason for doing things, you won't feel amazed by the storytelling at the end of it. It mainly gives you a reason for why you suddenly have no bending, and a reason to keep going once you get your bending back. I did like how the storyline allowed you to go to different places seen in the Avatar world, but definitely not the best.Overall though, I quite enjoyed the game. It's a third person fighter-esque game, having you fight different areas as you go through different locations to continue the storyline. You have to try to get your bending back and stop the big bad guy at the end. There's level's in Republic City, the poles, the Spirit World, etc. There's even a part during the storyline where you get to do a pro bending match. Enemies range from chi blockers, to mecha suits, to spirits. As you gain your bending back and get better at using it, you unlock new skills and moves to help you better defeat your enemies. You also begin to learn what elements work best depending on what sort of enemies your fighting; for example, air (while not doing as much damage as, say, earth) is great for when getting mobbed by spirit enemies as it's fast and hits many at once. Earth, while slower, does a great amount of damage and if you're able to get one of the tanks to slow down long enough to hit it can work wonders.The game also included ""Naga Run"" levels (or at least thats what I call them) where you have to go through an area on Naga. The level consists of jumping over and sliding under obstacles trying not to get hit. It can be surprising how frustrating this can be at times, especially if a control decides not to work and you end up slamming into a wall instead of turning. These levels do allow you to use your bending though, whether to make a shield around you, let you move faster, blow stuff out of the way, or jump higher. However, you only can do certain things depending on what elements you have unlocked, but it does make it easier.Theres extras you can get, such as oufits (some can only be unlocked by doing xyz in the game), and other items that can help you level up your bending quicker, heal faster, etc. There are also chests throughout the levels that give you a certain rank of item depending on how much damage you do on it. Obviously, the further you are in the game and the higher the level your element, the higher level items you'll get.The game also makes it quite easy to replay it at a higher level. Instead of having to start a new game, you can simply go back to the level selector and turn the difficulty up to hard. While it makes you start back at the first level, you get to keep all items you had previously, along with the level of your bending. Enemies are harder, but you get more money for it and it helps you buy items that will be needed if you wish to beat the game at that level. I found the one that halves the charging time for the power moves, and the one that boosts the exp for bending levels particularly handy for the beginning levels, even though while equipped they half your health.Outside of the main game, you also have the ability to do a sort of extra/mini-game with pro bending. You are, of course, the fire ferrets, and you are limited to only being able to do water bending, as Mako and Bolin fill up your other team members. You get to play against teams shown in the series (along with a few extra) with a series of different difficulties. While the beginning difficulties were very easy, I did find myself struggling a bit at the hardest difficulty, even losing a time or two before I beat them all. It was really fun to do though. The only thing that would have made it better would have been if you had been able to play it against other opponents in an online multiplayer mode or something similar instead of just against CPU enemies.Now, the fighting can get repetitive. I can't even count how many times it had you fight the Triple Threat Triads. As you go through levels you'll also find enemies get repetitive. You fight a group, walk a bit, fight another group, walk a bit, etc. It especially sucks when you die and have to go through all those mobs you just beat all over again. What you had to do to get your bending back was also a challenge at times, though that isn't necessarily bad. Having to get an x combo to unlock airbending was a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥though. The final boss was also very frustrating - I had played on the normal difficulty setting, and that boss wrecked me a lot. That may have been because first playthrough I wasn't focusing as much on items and level up my bending and things like that, but he was still very difficult. It was also infuriating how, after you got his hp down a certain amount if you died afterwards it would stay at that point. While that seems like a great thing, it only happened the first time. Afterwards, no matter how far you got it down (even if you got to his last bar of health) it would reset to that first drop and not any lower. It made me really frustrated to die when he had barely any health left and have it get reset all the way there instead of to his last bar of health or something closer to that.Still, I thought it was fun and worth what I payed for it. I enjoyed the game and to me, that's all that really matters."
,Recommended,281690,13207799,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,BrokenMonkey,"This is one of those games that are sort of pushed out door, but happens to be a pretty quality version of that. Platinum put a good effort in what was likely a small amount of time for the development of this game. Combat is the star here. It's a lot of fun to play with and anyone who enjoys the show, genre, or even developer will leave fairly satisfied. It's not perfect though. There are some problems, I myself experience some slow downs for what didn't seem like a very resource hog game. They don't necessarily kill the game, but damn, it didn't help either. I'd say this game could have used more graphical options as well. Still though, the game was fun to play and if you think this is up your alley, I say go for it."
76561198017578754,Not Recommended,281690,13853586,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vezley,"I honestly can't personally recommend this game. I really wanted to like it because I love the Avatar series to death but it just didn't do it for me.Back when Avatar: The Last Airbender (video game) came out I fell in love with it and was kinda hoping this game would follow in its footsteps but it really doesn't in my opinion.This game, although colorful and well thought out, feels repetative and clunky (at least to me). Had to stop playing it around 30 minutes in. :\"
76561198067283710,Not Recommended,281690,17372874,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Lord Crumpster,"I cannot pretend that I did not enjoy this game at all. However, it was frustrating more often that it was enjoyable.The story wasn't particularly gripping, the fights were repetitive, with the same ""mini-bosses"" appearing several times.While the combat system was enjoyable, the sections during which you had less then 2 elements were too long. It was also kind of saddening that there was no interplay between the different elements - sure, you could switch very fast, but in the end you would just change from one combo into another, without any connection.Losing was also extremely annoying - while the game offered you to visit the shop & and buy some consumables, to equip them, you actually had to continue, and then exit the level the chapter menu, leaving you uncertain whether you would return to the same point in the level, or a few checkpoints back, since not every checkpoint was a savepoint. Which got extremely annoying during bossfights, since you sometimes wouldn't restart directly before them.The Naga-Running-Minigame was headache-inducing, and during the one sequence where it was kind of interesting (the fight with the 3 mechs), it was still annoying as hell, since you only had 3 hitpoints, and the mechs had much more than that. One might say that I simply sucked. Think what you will, I still found that sequence somewhat unfair.Pro-Bending seemed very interesting, and was enjoyable in the storymode. However, in the separate mode you're still stuck playing Korra, meaning you were stuck with waterbending, which was somewhat disappointing. The abilities of your teammates were also tied to the your level of their respective bending in story mode, which, if you didn't want to replay it, led to some extreme difficulty spikes towards the end.All in all I would say that there is a core game here that is enjoyable, but it's coated in so many (in my opinion) poor design & poor execution (the camera, the nauseating mini-game etc.), that I hesitate to recommend it.If you're a big fan of Avatar & really want something like this, it might be worth trying.However, I did not pay full price for it, and knowing what I know now, I do not regret that choice."
76561198154367351,Recommended,281690,20392750,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,The3rdRunner,"Certainly not the best Platinum game but its still a fun, albeit breif and unvaried  beat em up.My honest advice, if you have coin to spend and have to play a beat em up based on an animated IP buy Tranformers: Devastation, but if your not trying to spend much and you'd like something you could plow through and still find some enjoyment from doing so, Korra ain't a bad choice."
,Recommended,281690,18037301,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,sonofrice,"I wish we could get an amazing Avatar game at some point. The universe is so rich and interesting and expansive, in the right hands it could be great. After quite a few bad-to-mediocre Avatar games, we have The Legend of Korra from Platinum. It's repetitive, fairly shallow, with a practically non-existent narrative. The battles aren't varied or all that creative. But the combat mechanics are almost exactly what I want out of an Avatar game.It's not great. It's fun for fans, and for anyone who agrees that bending is ♥♥♥♥ing cool."
,Recommended,281690,18030313,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,IanHead,"Recommended, albeit with a great big pulsating asterisk next to it.It's far from the THQ-style shovelware most film and series tie-ins are, that is for sure. The combat, even with its wonky balance, is responsive, fast and satisfying as is to be expected of anything by Platinum. You'll finish the game in an afternoon, but there's some replay value in there too. Presentation is quite obviously done on a budget but it still manages to look good, plus the cutscene animation is almost shoulder-to-shoulder with the show.Unfortunately what really made the Korra TV series so great is its story, themes and characters, and this game basically has no real plot to speak of. Its place in the continuity of the show means that the writers could only either a) Tell a good, meaningful and significant story that clashed with the main series, b) Tell a meaningful story that sat far too separate to the series to be relatable for fans of the show, or c) Pinch some characters from the show and stick them in a side adventure with low stakes, no arcs and no consequence.Option C is what was chosen here and the game suffers for it. It's a shame. I can still recommend it as a way to waste away an evening or two on its combat alone, but wait for a sale."
,Recommended,281690,15933013,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,KronickleXXII,"This game can be enjoyable at times though there isn't much of a story to this game, which is a shame cos the TV show is very good. You play as Korra; an Avatar. As such, you control 4 elements: water, earth, fire, air. There are differences to each element such as fire attacks being very quick, whilst earth attacks are slow but powerful. There is an initial steep difficulty curve I found, but eventually you become more powerful. Blocking and dodging are very important when starting off; even on Normal. However, once fully upgraded the game becomes extremely easy, even on the hardest difficulty. There are some running sections which some may find infuriating. Overall though, it is a good budget game if you are fan of the show."
,Recommended,281690,16384116,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Xelloss_XXXIII,"While a little short, this game is very fun and quite give you the right impresion of doing elemental kung-fu to smite your enemies. The Naga parts could have been better though."
,Recommended,281690,30923746,Posted: 3 April,all,Kyo,nice game <3
,Recommended,281690,16946378,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Jag Gentlemann,"I don't have time played but I have the game beaten.I really recommend this game on sale to the fans of the show. The game itself is.... okay I suppose, but it's short (~6 hours), has very low enemy variety and you won't get most of the dialogue if you didn't watch the show.If you are a fan you'll enjoy it a lot more, although the story has no sense (it's placed between Book 2 and 3) and I hate how the Triple Threat have recolor versions of themselves. Why? They are not faceless enemies like the Chi Blockers, you can't recolor them and pretend they are different characters, because they aren't, not in the game perspective and not in the show perspective.The combat is pretty simple, you don't have many moves, but if you combine different elements you can do cool stuff.The thing I liked most is the Pro Bending minigame. It's very simple but it's fun for some matches, I'm glad they did that.In short, the game has a lot of flaws, but it's enjoyable if you like the show. If not... I don't think it's worth your time. What I recommend to people who haven't watched the show is to watch it, starting with The Last Airbender."
76561197982860200,Recommended,281690,18570829,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,tilon,"Well, i find this game awesome. I won't write much else, cause i like a game a lot. The genre is Beat them all up and it's done very well . Fans of Avatar universe definitely will find this game awesome. The fights are did perfectly great and dynamic and story adds another great entry to Avatar universe. It's like another series of episodes Legend of Korra.( there is also racing style gameplay here which is very fun )"
76561198194830987,Recommended,281690,20139078,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BaD,This game has good graphics and if you are a fan of the TV series Avatar:Legend of Korra then you will enjoy it a lot. Unfortunately i found it a bit dull but it still is a pretty successful game overall.
76561198120517358,Recommended,281690,34223928,Posted: 13 August,all,Gunslinger.Girl,Loved it myself.
,Recommended,281690,13635628,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,☆POSIBLYDEAD☆,love this game in my opinion it is one of the best licensed video games ive playedand it has a creative way of showing how korra lost her bending.the combos and blocking/countering for me anyway was challenging took me a while to get the hang of it and once i did it made the game even more enjoyable. If you are a fan of the series you should definitly go buy it right now.
,Recommended,281690,34669641,Posted: 1 September,all,Bone,"I'm not familiar with the source material, but the cell shaded style works well for the game transitioning between cutscene & gameplay well. The game itself plays quite well, not the best 3d fighting but competent, of course like 90% of games Korra looses all her powers after briefly being able to use them and they're reintroduced one at a time throughout the game. They break up the fighting with an endless runner style of game, which is probably the worst part of the game, and a sports game which is little more than spamming dodge & attack.Took 4 hours to finish the game on normal difficultly. Probably better if you're a fan of the cartoon, in which case grab it on a sale, otherwise a short, ok, 3d fighting action game which you'd want to get on a heavy discount if you're running out of games to play."
,Recommended,281690,23961858,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aerekplus,Stop looking at reviews and buy the game already...
76561198060018517,Not Recommended,281690,14514827,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,✪Dö$eMeCi*Homecoming✪,Its terrible game
76561198195438254,Not Recommended,281690,17451405,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Goku Black(ilay) lucky-cases.com,gnot
,Recommended,281690,16586683,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mercurial,"Firstly, you need a controller to play this. I recommand a Xbox 360 controller.Secondly, you better be a fan of the series.As in the series, you are the Avatar Korra and you can control the 4 elements (Earth, Fire, Air and Water).All of them are nicely animated and are useful in different situations. Simple example : Water is good for long range attacks, Fire is all about close range, Earth deal huge damage but is slow and Air is really good against huge enemies waves...The overall fighting system includes parrying (Counter attacks), dodging and davastating combos.The game can felt a bit hard in normal difficulty.You also have 2 specific mods that includes Naga runs and Pro-Bending. Naga runs are quite fun, especially once you have all of your elements but Pro-Bending is somehow boring.Concerning the series, you'll fight against season 1 and season 2 enemies such as Chi-Blockers but it takes place between season 2 and season 3.I blame the extreme difficulty level that felt a bit easy with all the maxed bendings (NG+) and the little longevity (around 6/7h)."
,Recommended,281690,13717552,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"Prepare to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you. This game pulls no punches. At first glance, it appears to be a kids game, but don't let the cartoon style fool you. This game is hard. I managed to beat it on normal difficulty in about 4-5 hours, which was hard enough at it was. But then I tried it on hard and was completely slaughtered on the third level. It is an extremely fast paced game that requires insane reflexes. Then there is the pro bending side game. It is also hard as hell, but quite fun. My only real complaint about the pro bending is that when you are fighting your way through a particular class and exit for some reason, you have to start that class over. I imagine that was to add time to clock. The story is minimal, as the focus of this game is clearly fast paced action. When you beat the game, you can carry over all of your unlockables and powers to the next playthrough, which adds replay value. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a difficult, fast paced action game. It's a plus if you are also a fan of the Avatar show."
,Recommended,281690,16549249,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mirable-,"Pros :- Avatar- Fast paced fight- Airbending too OP- Pro-Bending tournamentCons :- Can't use sub-skill bending like lightning, lava, etc.- Too Short, took 18.5 hours to complete every single mode ( Including all Pro-Bending mode and all achievements )."
76561198019480307,Recommended,281690,12716872,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TheGodfather,"Considering the price, I'm MORE than satisfied! As a diehard Avatar fan (both Aang and Korra), I naturallly would've wanted a better and more in-depth story and especially more of Mako, Bolin, Tenzin and and so on, but oh well. The fighting is great, although maybe a bit unbalanced (Airbending is just WOW, while Earthbending is decent, Waterbending more or less only for the distant enemies, and Firebending meh). Since my controller isn't functioning, I played with Mouse+Keyboard and I gotta say, it's not bad! I feared that beating the game on Normal wouldn't be possible with M+K, but managed to still do it in 7 hours, haha.TL;DR: If you watch the show, the game is a must. If not, it's still a decent game."
,Recommended,281690,16458965,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Past,its alright. 7/10. gets boring though and repetitive.
,Recommended,281690,16406528,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,xirorz,fun game worth getting
,Recommended,281690,13854040,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Abu Sharmouta,"Nice game! Fairly short story line though.. It has some replay value, considering the pro bending part of the game and unlocking items through replaying story mode. 7/10"
,Recommended,281690,13904548,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,s8nity,"I've seen many reviews of this game ranging from very bad to very positive. As a Avatar and LOK fan, I of course was looking forward to play it. Purchasing this game is one of my best decision ever. not only you get to experience the power of being an avatar, unleashing all four elements, you get to fight a range of enemies. I absolutely love the graphics and storyline as it really brings me back to the show. And you know what's the best?, YOU GET TO DESTROY CARS!!! WHAT'S NOT TO LOVE?! (seriously, you'll  never be able to beat up a car in RL so why not get to experience how it's like to beat up a car with your own two digital hands)Pro:-multiple enemies at once-series of combination attacks-graphics-storyline-worth my time and moneyCons:-not enough screentime for Mako and Bolin (We need some Team Avatar love! #TeamAvatar)-no screentime for Asami-TOO SHORT (i need moar)**Warning: If you're gona get this game, it's best if you get a controller. I've tried playing it with both keyboard and controller and let me tell you, playing on keyboard it hella hard. The key controls are mostly packed together so most likely you'll press on the wrong button and f**k things up (like what i did)***"
76561198086758882,Recommended,281690,30902446,Posted: 2 April,all,Zappieroth132,If you liked the Avatar series you will most likely enjoy this game.It's challenging the combat is great and there is a bunch of platforming.Graphics are crisp and nice looking.What you MIGHT not like is that it is a LOT of the same.All this game really does is put you in a small arena like area blocks it off and let's you fight enemies.If that is not your thing then don't bother.However if you are like me and enjoy constant action then you will no doubt enjoy this.
76561198108766637,Recommended,281690,30901556,Posted: 2 April,all,BananaGore,"Short and fun I'd say pick this one up if you're a fan of Avatar/Legend of Korra. Great action, lots of well designed powers and nice graphics that make you feel like you're in the TV series. The cutscenes and story is a bit short and will leave you wanting more but the fast and fluid gameplay, once you've unlocked every style, is a lot of fun.Personally I feel you should pick this up when it's discounted bellow $5 as this is a budget title and it shows. Took me around 3 hours to beat the game and I was in no rush. The game can be a bit overtuned at start when you only have 1 bending style however once you've unlocked the others and mash them together you become pretty much unstoppable.The story and voice acting is well done, seems like it was ripped right from the TV series. It's a shame that the story was rushed."
,Recommended,281690,29320118,Posted: 17 January,all,♥ Zan | ChallengeMe.GG,Please add trading cards and good looking badges :)
,Recommended,281690,12721452,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Scary Duckies,"I don't know about the other reviewers but I'm gonna go with my own view on this game. I was suprise that The Legend of Korra didn't suck balls as much as I think it would, cause most Cartoon/Movie licenses games mostly tend to suck badly.The good stuffs first. The games starts out slow (not too slow) since you have to regain all your bending abilities but once you have all your bending abilities back and got her Avatar State as well (tho her Avatar State came very last minute into the game), that's when the game starts to shine. Plus it has awesome soundtracks from the cartoon and I think they got the same voice actress too. As for the graphics, well, just don't expect a Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor or Metro Redux kind of graphics here.Now the bad stuffs. The map is too simple, I'm not asking for a Portal map design here. Just a little bit of detail to the map design should be enough, like adding npc's that reacts to you when you're fighting or something. Instead of just you (Korra) and the enemie, that's it. Now the enemies are abit sad. Lack of enemie model designs. I counted there's 5 types enemies in the game, a foot trooper, gangsters, evil purple spirits includes the flying ones too, giant robots and an old men who refuses to die, all just different colours and different attacks really except for the old guy (the final boss). You have 3 foot troopers red, blue and green then 2 giant robots grey and red then the 3 gangsters same thing red, blue, green and....black (which is an earth bender)? and then you have the evil purple spirits and as for the final boss his ok, tho kind of a b!tch to fight (I don't know what their call and I forgot the old guys name in the game. I haven't watched the cartoon yet. I've only watched the first one The Last Airbender.).But overall it's a not bad game. It's fun and simple and most importantly it stays true to the art design from the cartoon. And it's cheap too."
,Recommended,281690,23221661,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,PlacidoNeko,"Well it's a Korra game! What else would you need? Combat didn't surprise me and it feels kind of weird with the mouse, so playing it with a controller is recommended, difficulty is good, story is OK, if you're a fan of Avatar games or cartoons, you should definitively give it a go. If you are not into The Legend of Korra, maybe this game is not that good, but it's at good value and will give you some hours of fun gameplay!"
76561198006555408,Recommended,281690,31758525,Posted: 14 May,all,NickNitro,"I don't even know why I bought this game in the first place. Most likely because it was on saleI enjoyed it but play through isn't long, maybe 5-6 hours which is why I would recommend buying when on sale. As some have said, fighting is repetitive but it's a different game that wnat i'm used to seeing."
76561198174295195,Recommended,281690,22693578,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,zechycz,"I wanted the game of this kind since I first time saw Legend of Aang: The Last Airbender and finally I got it!Now You are the Avatar and you must stop another villain and again save the world and ballance of it! From beginning it seems little long when you must unlock all four elements to bend, but when you have them all... The true fun begin! You gain access to powerfull combos and you can bend in the way you want. And that Avatar state...!But in the end... How much this game is amazing, it's shamefully short! You can practically finish it in one day... And that pro-bending... Who was thinking it's fun to control Avatar with only one element?!"
,Recommended,281690,22863882,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Edtron,"The Legend of Korra™""When we hit our lowest point we are opened to the greatest change.""Pros:Art style is nice.Combat system is great.Easy 100% achievements.Cutscenes feel true to the show.Pro-Bending minigame is very fun!Cons:Story was very short.The enemy variety is lacking.Camera angle is awkward at times.The Triple Threat Triad show up TOO MUCH!Overall Rating:8/10"
,Recommended,281690,24039462,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,"It's not the best character action game, and it's a bit short, but it's fun from start to finish and is a must-have for any fan of the series."
76561198257470683,Recommended,281690,31291844,Posted: 22 April,all,Hyperlimedude,Great Game. A must have for fans of the series. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,281690,24950327,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,na65536,"This game is a good game, for what it is.That said, it isn't the best format of game to tell Korra's story. It has a pretty decent combat system, which encourages you to keep going at it and repeating levels too to unlock new powers/level up current powers, and when there's nothing else to do, it's fun to absolutely smash some of the lower levels again with your extremely leveled up bending powers.But, story wise, it's somewhat like a new season with the same voice actors, but it's really shallow, and also the combat focus doesn't lend well to the story at all. Additionally, the combat is fairly unintelligent; just waves of similar enemies coming at you, and very soon you can get away with mere button-mashing. Facing opponent benders is perhaps the only challenging aspect, but even they are very mechanical opponents to face - you either lose badly, or you grind out a routine strategy. The final boss fight is incredibly disappointing.This game also has two minigames - the pretty awesome Pro Bending mode, and the incredibly annoying and frustrating temple run ripoff between levels. The Pro Bending mode is reasonably good - it's still a grindfest where you have to pretty much follow a routine but it keeps you on your toes and is a fun arcade style game that could even stand on its own as maybe a $5 steam game. It features only once at the very beginning of the story, and after that becomes a separate feature on the main menu. The temple run ripoff ""Naga running missions"", however, are f***ing irritating - they're mandatory at the end of a lot of the levels, and such a stupid idea. Sure, if it happened once in the story and got relegated to a main menu minigame like Pro Bending, I probably wouldn't mind, but they're there almost every alternate level, and provides controller-breaking levels of frustration. If I wanted to play temple run I would whip out my iPad, not play an Avatar game.The story mode is also very, very short, and this game really doesn't have that much replayability. I have only 3.2 hours on record and I've finished the game twice. The only real hurdle I had was the first playthrough on normal, when I first faced pro-benders. That was near impossible, until I got a hang of the mechanics. If you scroll through the reviews, you'll notice there are two categories of players - those that got stuck, or those that just grinded it out. That isn't the quality expected of an Avatar game that could've easily won the hearts of millions. That said, the art style and the music was bang on, and that was almost enough to redeem this game. But it's just too monotonous - I just have no motivation to bother to grind through the same story yet again on extreme difficulty, there's just no incentive.If grinding out a monotonous combat sequence is your kind of thing, this game is actually one of the better ones out there - the attacks are pretty cool, and the arenas are reasonably decent. And the combat art is appreciably Avatar like - this actually feels like being the Avatar somewhat, a childhood dream since the days of the Last Airbender.If it's on sale, consider it; otherwise, it's not really worth it. It's not an epic Avatar worthy game, but a decent casual arcade game with monstrous difficulty that can swallow your time away - you'll either endure the grind or get sickeningly frustrated."
76561198156390811,Recommended,281690,12651542,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MightyMarvel,"Overall, it was a good game.Goods:-True to the bending style of the show.(unlike the avatar movie... -.-)-Overall fun gameplay and thrilling action sequences that will make you giggle with anticipation like a little girl.-Tailor-made cutscenes for the game.-Challenge level is high, it isn't a game that you can beat in 5 mins.Bads:-Graphics are un-impresive for a next-gen game.-Alot of glitches and game-y shields.-Story mode is beatablein a short period of time.OVERALL GOOD GAME"
76561198017742632,Recommended,281690,15639287,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Toonami,Amazing game but short get it on sale.
,Recommended,281690,15176141,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Twitchy,Really fun game. Great story mode and has pro bending tournaments and you get to ride naga!you lvl up your elements as you get them back and even can unlock costumes and items for korra.
,Recommended,281690,23627438,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,GatoDelFuego,"This game is quick, and the dialogue/story is really bad, but it's cheap and fun. All the bending styles are really unique and make it feel like a very cool fighter. The combos are challenging and varried, meaning you don't just mash X to win, especially on the higher difficulties. The game can get frustratingly cheesy sometimes, but I still enjoyed it. Makes you feel like the avatar.Story is only about 4/5 hours long, though, so know what you're buying before you purchase."
,Recommended,281690,16952879,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ghatak,"Not all the way through it, but  it is available at such a good rate and the combat system is fantastic, you won't get bored of it. Versatile gameplay and an almost engaging story. Graphics are great and the cartoon (yes, it's a cartoon, not an anime) cut scenes meld seamlessly with the game. But is it worth buying at full price? I think not. Its short and lacks the depth. I treat this as a mini game I play when I want to take rest. Still enjoyable. 8/10."
76561198134403302,Not Recommended,281690,16442495,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Romulus,"PROSGameplay is fun and immersive,bending is really good and animations are great.Combos are really good,combat would have been amazing if not for the cons I'm about to list.CONS (too many)Controls are just ridiculous.Game is most of the times unresponsive and this breaks the mood of being the Avatar,for example you can't even face another direction while channeling a strong attack.Enemy numbers are just ridiculous,looks like a bad imitation of Serious Sam and they are near immortal while you get ....ed up pretty fast. Enemies are somehow more agile and dexterous than you while Korra can't even dodge anything properly. Play if you have plenty of time, the game just gave me frustration in general and I'm halfway through it (especially the beginning of the Chapter 5 where you are supposed to get 40 chain attacks in a row without getting hit while 50 enemies overwhelm you and suddenly disappear when you are 35/40) . The only upside I see is that it's damn challenging for a kiddo game. Other than that, let's say that I'm happy that I bought it while it was -%75. Otherwise it's not even worth a penny.My experience after finishing the game on casual,normal difficulties and now nearing finishing the game on extreme difficulty ;Targeting system is horrible,extreme difficulty is not extreme at all because your combos are gonna be insanely powerful at this stage of the game and you will have a big item advantage.As for pro-bending ; it's fun until last part of the Ace difficulty.What the producers of the game understands from difficult is that you get knocked out from 1 single blow while you have to (literally) deal at least 15 to your opponent.And you can only block a few times they can outlast the ....ing game while blocking,also they one shot you in face offs while you have to deflect at least 2 good hits from them.The part that binds Ch 4 and 5 is a real test of nerve,where you have to hit 3 machines a hundred times (each and yes,literally a hundred times each) and not get hit for a single time all the while dodging random attack patterns and obstacles created by them,and some of them are impossible to dodge in some certain patterns thanks to the belated responses of the game.To summerize ; this is a promising,whell-thought idea gone waaaaaaaay south.If not for the horrible camera,response time,targeting system and hard-to-control Korra this could have been a really good game.But as it is,it is s..t coated in candy.The game is a joke overall,don't spend your money on it."
,Recommended,281690,12614804,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,HewhoisMighty,"Great game.I REALLY recomend this game to anyone, who wants a cheep game thats both hard, and lots of fun.Yes the story is short, (4 hours) but this game does get pretty hard on its mid difficulty on the first playthrough.I'm not gonna lie, after you max out your skills and get 4 good items, even its hard mode is easy,but you can simply remove your items or hit new game, if you want it hard again.And if you like epic boss fights, the one at the end of the game is sure to deliver.And one more thing to add to the list.The story is so good, it looks like it was made by the same people who made the show.(It might have been and I'm just a idiot)"
,Recommended,281690,13949923,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,☃ Chan ☃,for me it 11/10
,Recommended,281690,13583656,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Matt,"The Game is great, although it can get repetitive trying to complete every single mode, other from that it's a nice short game for any fan :DPros:Good CombatCool ControlsGood GraphicsAwesome CombosIROH!oh and Avatar State :DCons:Pro bending ""Ace"" is pretty hard, seems riggedNot much charactersThe Story is Short"
76561198134491002,Recommended,281690,16976420,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Phantom,Play As Korra the Avatar and REKT Every thing include Car in your way-11/10 will Rekt every thing again
76561197993465845,Not Recommended,281690,24817687,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Toll,"First off, way better than i would ever have expected from a TV based game.That being said, i had fun, it took a bit to get the hand of it, but once i did i had fun. Then they start to throw harder and harder things at you to where its not really even fun anymore. They get so hard you end up dieing about 20+ times before somehow you miraculasly beat it by chance only to get stopped again about 10-20 minutes later with a harder circumstance.I gave up a few hours in. No realy story, and the difficulty curve made me not want to continue playing becuase i felt that it would just have become impossible after a certain point.I cannot hate this game, but i dont have to like it either."
76561198362861586,Recommended,281690,33220811,Posted: 4 July,all,harbinger411,It's a fun button pusher
76561198018183174,Recommended,281690,24161904,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[SG] Shingo-_-Yabuki,THIS IS SO AWESOME!!! IT'S LIKE I'M LIVING THE SERIES EPISODES!Story; AWESOMEGameplay; AWESOMEControls; AWESOMEAchievements; Challenging yet doableOverall; KORRAWSOME!!!
,Recommended,281690,12633119,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Kzane,"Okay, okay. Fans of TLoK would enjoy this dearly. I myself enjoyed it dearly, therefore, you person who is reading this, should get it :)-Challenging-Keeps you going for days/hours-Great story line-Great combat styles-Awesome animations/cutscenes:D"
76561197987374969,Recommended,281690,12601447,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,IGoA Captain America,"This game is great! Platnium games have kept their style from Bayonetta, Keep in mind this isnt a AAA title this is for Fans of the show and people wanting a casual game. For what their have done with it, it is actually quite good. The combat makes you feel like you are playing as the avatar with this massive combos exceeding 100 Hits isn't hard and you feel like a boss doing it!I think if you like the show the interim story is great and they have done well. My favourite part would be the pro bending arena."
,Recommended,281690,16290216,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Woey,"This game is EXTREMELY fun! There may be a short chapter, but the Pro-Bending game is very cool. You can do it anytime you want if you ever get bored of this game! I highly recommend this game if your a HUGE Legend Of Korra fan like me. And if you've never heard of the show and you came across this game, I would also recommend it to you."
,Recommended,281690,12610618,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CAPTAIN FALCON,"If you like action titles from Platinum Games, you'll like it.  If you like the show, you'll like it.If you like both? You'll love it.As expected from a $15 download only-title, don't expect it to be some AAA style masterpiece, but the game's simplicity adds to the charm in a lot of ways.First, the combat.  It's complex enough to not be dull, and at the same time, simple enough to pick up.  Don't expect it to be quite on the levels of Devil May Cry/Bayonetta/Metal Gear Rising, but there's still quite some depth to the fighting.  Enemies feature multiple ways you can both approach, and finish them.  Chain together combos using the different elements, wait for a chance to block and counter, or dodge your way through oncoming attacks, there's plenty of ways to play as you see fit.The story, however, is quite lackluster, it pretty much only provides structure as to why you're going around beating up chi-blockers and the Triads.  There are several cutscenes that feature animation exactly like the show, if you appreciate the art then you'll definitely find those enjoyable.The game has most of it's quality in the gameplay, as video games should be, there's plenty of moments where there's sharp difficulty curves where you must learn and adapt quickly or suffer.  The Naga running sessions provide a fast-paced, exciting break from the traditional gameplay and make a very enjoyable experience.  There's something in store for everyone in this game, for both the gamer that loves to challenge oneself and those who want an easy experience, lovers of the show and non-watchers, it's a very nice game for what it's worth."
,Recommended,281690,12606451,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Karate_Viking,"Avatar is just one of those franchises where, if you make a game, the combat has to be perfect. And that's what Platinum have done. Every motion feels so natural and feels how it should. Earthbending is slow and powerful, firebending is quick and extravagant, water bending is, more or less, calm but deadly and air bending is just plain amazing. And, while the story was slightly lack-luster, the game MORE than makes up for it in its gameplay.And, with each element having it's own set of combos and being able to switch between each element at will, your abilities in battle become amazing, stringing on combos that can, potentially, last minutes.This game is the perfect way to have Avatar fans know exactly what it's like to be the avatar, and to control every element how they want.As a side note, I hope you like temple run ..."
,Recommended,281690,12601022,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,MD1331,Decent game though you'll only get the most out of it if you're a fan of the show. Animated segements and the flow between elements is nice. However the story isn't as good as you'd expect from the franchise and would recommend using a game pad as mouse camera control is very poor.
,Recommended,281690,13921230,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dronez,"Insanely hard even for the easiest difficulties, amazing combat, if this was turned into a full MMORPG type game i would probably die in my dark room from playing it so much. Great game, great combat even for people who don't know the Korra storyline. Not to mention, element bending!"
,Recommended,281690,12598689,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,[PC] - Cobalt,"So far, the game is awesome! I'm loving how the game is being put together so far. The Story and Pro-Bending are very sweet. The controls are actually very fluidly set-up. Looking around and doing attacks is all from the mouse and moving and switching between Elements is all nicely laid out by WASD.The only downsides to the game that I've seen so far is that to lock-on to a target is great, but it seems there's no way to switch between targets other than what you are looking at. For Pro-Bending this is a bit difficult since the Camera angle is locked so the lock-on moves to who your directly in-front of. Have yet to try it in actual story-mode and will update afterwords. There's not much to adjust graphics other than resolution and ""Quality"" as well. It doesn't seem to be that challenging of a game for right now. Running 60 FPS no problem with an i7 and 560Ti.Overall, I'm having a blast with the game from start-up. I'm looking forward to playing more through the game and progressing."
,Recommended,281690,14949690,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Elfezen,"A really great Anime game, very good gameplay and especialy the final battle where you unlock your full Avatar state is just mindblowing"
,Recommended,281690,12891846,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tallcat,"Exactly what you'd expect from Platinum. Switching between elements during fights feels fantastic. It's short, and has some questionable filler, but for the price you can't be asking for any more than it delivers. A treat for fans of the show and fans of action games."
76561198077063794,Not Recommended,281690,16505268,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"Well, let's start with the positives, as there are some.As a huge Avatar fan, I was every excited to finally play this game when I got it on sale. Some elements of the game do not dissapoint, such as the voice acting, are well done. The pro-bending section is the highlight of the game, although that in itself should tell you something.Everything else is a let-down. The combat is cited as a positive aspect of the game in most reviews. but I'm not sure why this is; when there are more than a couple of enemies, you have to resort to endless dodging whilst using the occasional bit of bending. Combined with the few different types of enemies, this means the gameplay gets VERY boring very quickly. This is made worse by the genuinely awful camera, the less said about which the better.Most dissapointing of all is the lack of detail in the locations. I appreciate that it is an action game, and the studio were probably on a tight budget, but it's very dull walking through a Republic City where every street, wall and door look identical. Even on a tight budget, I feel this could be better.Finally, a less significant problem, but still worth mentioning: often the camera will zoom in on a point of interest when you enter a new area. Obviously this is something many games do. However, these sections take an unusually long amount of time in this game; you can end up staring at a pair of chi-blockers for 20 seconds. Why?As a huge Avatar fan, I am very, very dissapointed. If you're desparate to play the game, make sure you get it heavily discounted."
,Not Recommended,281690,14639303,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Gugor,this game is so bad made the running with naga is just a rip off from subway surfers and stuff like that and the combat has weird objectives i am currently stuck at a part where i have to do a 40 hit combo to get firebending back WHO INVENTED THAT?!! and electric attacks come on man... for the rest its not even that bad but its these small things that can keep you from the good aspects of the game...
,Recommended,281690,15125048,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Waddles,This is a fun and challenging little brawler and I'd recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the show or is a fan of Platinum Games who continue to push out great games.
,Recommended,281690,16956324,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Spydominator,"I didn't know what to think of this game when I first saw it.I heard lots of mixed impressions but most of them were positive so I decided to give the game a try.I was deeply impressed by the gameplay in particular.The combos have weight, I actually feel that I'm in control of Korra and they are quite flashy too (definitely 5 stars combos).It's extremely satisfying on a controller especially to executed all of them.The story is exactly as I heard about it: there's barely any of it.The events are a consequence of Korra opening the portal to the Spiritworld that we've seen at the end of season 2 but there's not much presented.We know that an old man wants to seek revenge for what one of the avatar's incarnations did to him hundreds of years ago and he wants to use the portal to take control of the world.There's barely any other appearance of other characters.The only character that we do see constantly is Jinora which constantly provides Korra with tips rather than being part of the story and only small appearances from Mako and Bolin.They could have done better on that part because this game was worth the effort.The graphics are nicely animated but nothing too outstanding, enough to make the game run on most specs.There's not a lot of graphics options in the main menu but it really feels like it doesn't need any because it looks just good as it is.The soundtrack is actually the same pieces of OST used in ""The Legends of Korra"" series which I personally enjoyed a lot.The voice acting is done just as well as in the original series but I did wish you'd see their lips moving when they say anything.To conclude it all I'll summarise it all with Pros and ConsPROS-Gameplay is really awesome,the combos are amazing and if done on a controller they're even more exciting and also the physics are quite realistic-Makes you feel like in the Avatar universe with the soundtrack used in the original series and by seeing Korra develop even further as you're using her abilities-Replayability due to the fact that it takes more than 1 gameplay to max her abilities-Good pricing.In the end the price for the game with no discount is pretty much how much the game is truly worth so no regrets-A lot of exploring for extra secrets is always welcome in any game and it does provide you with some spirit energyCONS:-Short game.Either I was too good or the game was too short.It's most likely the second one because the game only has 8 chapters (equivalent to 8 playable levels)-Barely any story to add to the Korra series and barely any interactions with the other characters"
76561197999584517,Recommended,281690,14601668,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Kernel_Panik,"For a franchise with such rich storytelling, this game's narrative adds very little to it. But that's not why you're here. You're here because you want to cruise around as Big K and beat people up, and that is where this game delivers. The art style and voices are true to the source material, so I recommend it if you are a fan of the show.Gameplay-wise, you get four visually and tactically distinct fighting styles, and a handful of different enemy types on which to unleash them. In-game equipment choices offer useful difficulty adjustment.IMPORTANT: Xbox-style controller strongly recommended."
,Recommended,281690,28947177,Posted: 2 January,all,A.C.E./Green,"Dear you. Could you fix bugs like soon please? i'm having trouble everytime i'm fighting with the final boss in chapter 8 which is pretty annoying because in the middle of the game i must restart because of the exe stopped working.Thank yougotta say, this game is console destroyer. but overall is good."
,Recommended,281690,14116344,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Xerodom,"Not much in terms of story but the gameplay is fantastic, its true to the series and there's plenty of replayability. Definitely worth $15! Just don't expect anything big budget."
76561198092651326,Recommended,281690,16287155,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Azuran,nice game
,Not Recommended,281690,12619257,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,AeacusVii,"The storyline of this game is good, however the biggest issue I have come across so far is that the view and the mouse are just not cut out for this - I realize that at the start it says that it's better to have a controller, but I still should not have this many issues with the character following my mouse.For the starting couple of chapters - seems to be a bunch of fighting, no time to explore around a bit.UPDATE: Even after utilizing an xbox controller, there still seems to be a disconnect that I think utilizing a mouse would solve - if only the game were created with the mouse as the primary device instead of the controller"
,Recommended,281690,14783426,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Red,I stole 20 bucks from my brother.
,Recommended,281690,15586764,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,God Emperor of Poland,11/10Just try it.I only miss a free-run mode. And personalized pro bending teams.But for a 15 euro game it's wayyy too good.
,Recommended,281690,12608665,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Redfeather,"The game was cheap, so immediately bought it without thinking. I enjoyed it a lot actually, I had mixed feelings about the game while playing it, mainly because I had to fight the same three ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s 50 times, but the game overall was pretty cool and they kept it fresh with new moves/powers throughout the game, totally worth the price (16.99CAD).I'm not even a big fan of the show, it actually pisses me off a little how lame it can be with the writing sometimes, but I'm a fan of the Last AIr Bender, so I feel sorta obligated to watch Korra. I actually enjoyed the lack of characters and dialog in the game, I know the story was a little weak but it had solid combat and it kept me playing till the end. That said, I like crushing people with rocks and not hearing about shallow love triangles (uhg)."
,Recommended,281690,12607101,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Exar Kun,"If you are a fan of the series like i am you're gonna love the game. If not its not gonna mean anything to you then; why are you buying this game anyway... right?The bending battles are spectacular! Seriously. As Korra remembers all the bending styles its like you are learning them with her.... And bending looks and feels amazing.Even in  normal difficulty it is quite hard. But not frustratingly so.... (maybe one battle near the end is a little bit like that.)The story is pretty nice, it's not very classical feeling deep Avatar story line but its more like a villain from ""monster of the week"" sort of TV show. But it is a nice still if you think of it like 20 minute Avatar episode streched into couple of hours.... But if you like the Avatar universe, again, you'll like it.Pro-Bending part after the main story is also rather fun.... It would be cool to play with Bolin or Mako as well but.... oh well.I hope people would enjoy it as much as i did. Made my days waiting for new Avatar episode easier to deal with.Don't expect too much, i mean most reviewers comparing this game to $60 titles and its sad.  It's simply a fast paced action game and it's fun!"
76561198035923941,Recommended,281690,12600432,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,BOO SHAW master,"Great game, with a great story I just wish there was a little more! It was a little short. But there is a whole lot of replay value and its only $15.00 so it is totally a must play for any fan of The Legend of Korra!"
76561198042345770,Recommended,281690,12599158,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Leika,"I love the game its still the best Avatar game ive ever played and i played all of them. Its like you´re in the series and the combos can be supple play  ;) i think the difficult is also very good but maybe to hard in some fights, like the first mechatank fight (But maybe im to bad xD).I can only recommend it!!"
76561198024983364,Recommended,281690,12601396,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Camreth,"A decent ammount of fun if you like brawler. A lackluster story, no supporting caracters (aside from spirit Jinora) and the god awful Naga sections drags the overall impression down a bit, however the combat is solid and weaving the elements together in a free flowing way (or just sticking to your favorite) makes for a entertaining few hours of gameplay.The game is a bit on the short side however (4,6hrs to clear normal mode including repeating a few levels for score and bending levels) and it can be a tad on the easy side once you start leveling up your various bending arts and get the dodge/counters down (the health regen talisman also severly decreases difficulty), but you can also increase the challange by equipping the health decreasing talismans for boosts.Overall this game is in my opinion well worth the asking price if you like platinum brawlers, and while it might not hold a candle to games like MGR:Revengeance and (hopefully) Bayonetta 2 it's still a decent game in it's own right, especially if you enjoy the avatar universe."
,Recommended,281690,27909835,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Swanks,A must have for any Avatar fans
,Recommended,281690,12650878,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Piece,"Way more difficult than I thought it would be, but super fun! Bending feels really good. Kinda meh story but if you're a fan of LoK I think you'll definitely like this game"
76561198048556706,Recommended,281690,15664794,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,thewhiteknuckle,"Surprisingly acceptable, considering the price.The Legend of Korra, based on the cartoon show of the same name, puts you in the place of the Avatar (named Korra), a person with the ability to use the four prime elements of Water, Fire, Earth and Air as a form of combat, literally bending the elements to do whatever the hell you want to do. The game is set up as a semi-explorable but mostly linear brawler with several venues for attack and combat.Opponents don't vary much, but they're brutally unforgiving, with the game even on normal mode giving you very little time to avoid or block an attack and making you run almost on instinct. Attacks can be easily controlled and swapped with one another, allowing you to throw a few flaming punches or kicks before suddenly slamming rocks into people's faces, freezing them in place, then using a tornado kick to summon an actual god damn tornado on their faces.Unfortunately it is a rather short game, but it has enough replay value that it can be fun just trying to finish it. Competent enough as a game, but not exactly something you're going to parade around with."
76561198039551056,Recommended,281690,16484007,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Elmas,This game will make you wish  you where playing Bayonetta instead.
76561198083164135,Recommended,281690,16430880,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Thatguyneartheba,"I'm the Avatar video game, deal with it!"
76561198033286115,Recommended,281690,12600112,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,GemShip,"People may be put off by how small this game is, but don't be fooled by it's size. The Legendof Korra game is, in my opinion, everything a good Avatar game should be. It's got very fluid controls, being able to switch between bending styles seemlessly, as well as fast paced action. I found myself being drawn more towards the action than the story, but that's okay for it was still pleasent to experience and fun to play."
76561198153716024,Recommended,281690,18552885,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Space,"Overall, this game is pretty darn good!Pros:-The combat is pretty cool and you eventually get all of the elements.-There are different skins that you can unlock (there aren't a lot but there are about 4, I believe) which is cool.-Uncle Iroh is the store owner.-There are different items you can buy that give you more bending skins-The story has its moments-YOU CAN DO INTO THE AVATAR STATE!Cons:-The story is rather simple at times-There's a big lack of characters in this. You only see Mako and Bolin for a little bit but none of the other main characters are in the story or in the cutscenes.-The final boss is a painOverall, I'd give this game an 8/10 :)If you are a Korra fan, I'd reccommend getting this game. If you aren't, then think about it for a sec. It's still a good game though."
,Recommended,281690,16986058,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Prominency,love the show? you will love this game. it's easy as that <3. Recommended for korra lovers c:
,Recommended,281690,15248704,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,LunnDee,9/10  would waterbend again!-1 for lack of trading cards/emotes/backgrounds
76561198250877256,Recommended,281690,30591188,Posted: 18 March,all,EpsilonLombax,"I love it how you swap all four elements, and use the Avatar State at times! I love this game!"
,Recommended,281690,12620338,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,YEEEAAAARRRGGGH,"old school style beat em up, if thats your thing this is your game."
76561198034768891,Recommended,281690,30098654,Posted: 22 February,all,mojiji,Nice game. No Monotony. Much fun. Such bending styles. Very buy. Much worth. Good Mini game included.If this game gets a follow up or some kind of DLC i would instabuy it. Even after the lesson that No Man's Sky taught me.
76561197995669628,Recommended,281690,12660151,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sorokonojka,"Like most show adaptations it is a low quality game but I still got a kick from it as a Korra fan . At the very least they did a decent job with fighting styles, animations and capturing the look of the show . Any extra lore for Korra is nice adition but story was not very rewarding ( there is a bad guy , pretty much spoiled the plot for you )It is certainly not a very polished game with limited content . There are only few types of enemies that will be color swaped thoughout the game . Gameplay is a linear fighting game with some collecting minigames where you ride Naga and pick up points . You can unlock new moves and passive effects in a store between stages .There is also a Pro-Bending mode where you can just play quick fights in tournaments . Not really any depth to it in terms of gameplay or progression . It looks and feels like it should but it won't keep your interest for more than 1 hour .Some of the difficulty balancing is way off . The are couple fights in this game against other benders where counter-attack is the only thing that does anything while most of special moves don't do jack .Jokes aside . On hardest unlockable difficulty this is the hardest game you will ever play . Game balance goes so far to **** it makes Battletoads,Darksouls and Ghosts N Goblins look casual .Sure it is not fair difficulty if game is designed badly but it is ultimate Bull**** challenge for a gamer .Legen of Korra on post game difficulty , The worst experience in any video game (and I played a lot of unfair crap)Score : 6/10 . If you a Korra fan you will probably get some enjoyment even if it comes just from looking at animations . It feels like a generic movie based game in a universe that I cannot get enough of . I grew up playing many basic fighting games on PS1 so in a way I enjoyed this game for simple gameplay . It offers maybe 6 hours of content so I would recommend it only for Korra fans that don't mind repetitive beat'em ups ."
,Recommended,281690,33971962,Posted: 2 August,all,SierrA.PenguiN,.
,Recommended,281690,25476227,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Zebani,Has one of the best combat mechanicsDefinetely suggest you play
76561198119318350,Recommended,281690,14469015,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Matt,"GeneralIf you've seen the Anime and loved it, then you'll love this game. It kind of feels like playing through an episode or two.GoodThe combat is very good, you can bend and combo all four elements together to blast enemies away, it's all very satisfying. The last element you'll get access to feels kind of overpowered though. But that's not bad if you just want to get rid of some annoying enemies.The combat shines when you try to discover some of your own combos. Each element has plenty of built-in combos, but if you invest some time, you can chain these together through various elements. On a side note, switching elements can be done on the spot, as much as you like.BadThe story is a bit thin and predictable. The amount of different enemies is also limited and the boss fights are all very similar and sometimes tedious.The worst thing by far is the automated camera. It just won't get the proper angles at the right time. It's still very playable, but you'll find yourself annoyed by it from time to time.VerdictShould you buy this game?If you are a Korra fan and if the idea of playing as the Avatar, with all her powers, excites you.. then you should buy this game.It's basically just a brawler.Buy it for the combat, not for the story!"
76561197990412321,Not Recommended,281690,24378970,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,gejzik,"Both my girlfriend and me like The Legend of Korra serie so I thought this might be nice way to introduce her to games. Unfortunately I was wrong. In the end it was just me playing it and not enjoying it too much.I am really surprised that this game got so many positive reviews.Fighting system is really smooth. You can switch between four elements which have different styles. Combos are very easy to execute. Pretty much only by mashing attack buttons you will do impressive tricks. However fights are filled with quick time events.Did you counter in time? QTE!Didn't you counter at all? QTE! (sometimes)Did you get trapped or stunned by enemies? Mash analogue stick!Boss battle? Random QTEs!Seriously, is there someone who actually likes quick time events?Difficulty of this game is just weirdly high. There are two options to choose from - casual and normal. My definition of casual is that even a non gamer should be able to finish the game with relative ease but this game is very punishing even on this easiest difficulty. You will be carving easily through standard enemies until ""boss"" fight comes. Boss fights require you to be very precise with counters and very patient not to do any mistake - hit, dodge, counter and repeat, repeat, repeat and repeat... If you do few mistakes, you will die really quickly.There are two types of levels. You either fight with Korra or ride her dog-bear in runner style levels where you jump, slide, collect some crystals and die because you didn't turn in time. This feels like devs were trying to add more time to already short gameplay. Also, if I wanted to play some runner game, I'd install it to my phone or bought a Wii.The walking/fighting levels are not very inventive either. You just run in corridor, regular enemies appear, you kill them with ease and then you go into some boss fight. Bosses here are either robo-tank, trio of different benders or two big spirits.There are only several types of enemies. This adds to repetitiveness as well.Graphics and animations look as nice as in the serie.Plot is very, very simple. Some old guy whose main quote is evil ""HAHAHAHA"" steals Korra's bending powers and Korra with guidance of her little sister kicks every bad guy's♥♥♥♥♥ regains her powers and beats the old guy in epic repetitive fight filled with his evil ""HAHAHAHA"" no matter how badly the odds look for him.I can't say I expected deeper plot as in the serie itself but this is really bad.There are no other characters from the serie. Just Korra, her dog-bear and her sister. It's painful how much potential was wasted here.The game time is also very short. It took me around four hours to finish and I was dying a lot. I bet people who don't suck with controller as much as I do, will easily finish it in two to three hours.In conclusion you might enjoy this game if you are looking for challenging fights and don't mind quick time events.But if you expect to relive the story driven experience in a game, then avoid this product."
,Recommended,281690,33323116,Posted: 6 July,all,link1987,Great game play!
76561198073258525,Recommended,281690,33415055,Posted: 9 July,all,N!ght~!nThe~L!ght,FaNtAsTiC!!!!!!!
,Recommended,281690,30678442,Posted: 22 March,all,Mr.Morose,I got the game for the simple reason that I love the Avatar cartoons and hope to see more story with in this game. I beat it but for some reason was not giving all achivments.it is a slug fest of button mashing no real skill needed to play but fun none the less
,Not Recommended,281690,24471845,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Des,"This game is extremely frustrating, the difficulty is just way up there, you will constantly get hit by stuff that you should have been able to dodge, as well has having to start over again and again.The combat would be nice, if it wasn't incredibly monotonous, same enemies everywhere, blue ninja guy, green ninja guy, red ninja guy, all behaving slightly different, they might as well be storm troopers. The combat is like 99% percent of the game, so having to constantly fight the same guys on maps that makes me feel like im going in circles, is slowly driving me insane.And the story so far is just meh...Seriously i have not played a game this deceivingly frustrating since super mario sunshine.Looks easy on the outside, but damn. Atleast that game had some flesh to it."
,Not Recommended,281690,20171053,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Vienticus Prime,"Overall, it's a decent game. It doesn't take that long to go through and getting all the achievements doesn't take an excessive amount of effort. However, the game is easily just a button mashing game with minimal reaction and strategy required to get through everything. If you're a fan of the show, you'll like this game.There was one thing that, for me, put this game on the thumbs down side of neutral. When you die (and you will die), you have to watch the cutscene for whatever part you died at again. It drove me crazy even though they're not that long. If you can deal with that, then have fun with this game. It's not a bad game, just not a great one."
,Recommended,281690,22708764,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,L30n505 found my waifu<3,"harder than dark souls, finished it, and its very nice game.It include 8 chapter of fighting and running.Every The Legend Of Korra Fan, must've played this game.12 out of 10"
76561198068830136,Recommended,281690,22704786,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Wankeroo,5-6 hours on this for like $4 was more worth than batman vs superman
,Recommended,281690,20702706,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Harmon,"I wasn't in the market for this game. I saw that it was on sale during the winter sale for like $3 and some change so I grabbed it. It turned out to be a lot of fun. 8 chapters, around 4 or 5 hours, fun beat'em up action, great use of abilities and switching between them makes combat a lot of fun, fun counter-attack system, great graphics that made me feel like I was playing the actual show. Some impulse purchases during Steam sales are bad. I'm very happy I purchased and played this. Looking forward to playing more from this studio.https://youtu.be/kZIcUDtOePQ"
,Recommended,281690,33292142,Posted: 5 July,all,wyulf,"korra starts off as a fairly slow game. as you lose your powers in the intro, the move set that you start off with is very tedious to play with. i would guess a good number of players get turned off by that sluggish controls that comes with the moves, and probably left the game behind.those that DO persevere, will be rewarded of course. as you gain back your abilities to bend the elements, the game becomes SO much more fun, as each different element plays differently, and has their own various, stylish, strings of combos, and could be even more devastating as you switch elements right in the midst of it.sadly, it's a fairly short game like most others have mentioned. a good few hours would get you through the story, and if you're gunning for the achievements, then you might just be in the thick of it for more hours (depending on your drop luck).there's also some mini-games on the side, such as racing along stages on the back of naga, or the pro-bending tournament, which somehow manages to be quite fun.needless to say, fans of the avatar series would love this game, as you take an adventure in the boots of korra, and revisit places you've seen in the show. but as for regular beat-em-up fans, it's not that bad of a game either; a bit simple, but still could be fun enough if you're not looking for something too deep."
76561198023588258,Recommended,281690,31289669,Posted: 21 April,all,Xeno,I just played this game and finished for the first time today.  That is probably my only real complaint is that the game is so short.  Took me just over 5 hours to play the game through and I was dying a lot early.  This is a really good game and you will love it even if you are not a fan of the show.  I really just wish it was longer because by the time you really get good at managing all four elements the game is over.  There is tons of untapped potential here but still worth buying.
,Not Recommended,281690,33896131,Posted: 29 July,all,xz,If this game was free it would still be squandered.
,Recommended,281690,12651079,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Shrek,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,281690,12601360,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,RO10,"A very satisfying $15 experience. It is just the perfect amount of game for it's price. If you ever want to just have fun and play a good old fashioned video game for around 6 hours, this is it."
,Recommended,281690,16951949,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"This game is very short. Not counting the time I spent playing pro bending after I beat story mode and a few afk's here and there, I completed this game in about 4 to 4 and a half hours. So given that, only catch this on sale. I got it for about $3.75 and at that price it is well worth it for a once-through. For a game based on a Nickelodeon show, which I didn't know until after I bought it, it sure as hell is difficult. Some fights are insanely difficult akin to the likes of some fights in Metal Gear Revengeance. The last boss was ridiculously hard at first and completely crushed me a few times until I realized that you just have to constantly dodge around and strike with earth and fire for more dmg otherwise you will never make his life drop fast enough with air or water. I don't know who they were marketing this game to besides people with built up action game skill because anyone else will most likely put easily twice as much time into this as normal and some people may even get stuck on some of the ridiculously hard fights.The art style is great and is the game's best aspect. The fighting is solid and a lot of fun and the levels are well made and fun to fight through. The music is fitting and the sounds are really good. The parts where you ride on your giant dog through levels is a lot of fun too and a great part of the game. Aside from at time besides frustrating, I enjoyed the entire game very much. Its main problem though is its very short length.8/10 great for one playthrough"
76561197997941900,Recommended,281690,26489199,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,xxx RIP xxx,"Highly recommended game....Good control assuming u r using a xbox controller...let you manipulate the 4 elements fire, earth, water and air...fantastic gameplay....xD"
76561198159398293,Not Recommended,281690,13926158,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,huntra1292,i wanna like this game. really i do. but something about it makes me not want to. yeah i know what it was. its the combat. the combat is so 1 demensional and repeatitive that it is beyond boring. i am a fan of the show. so with that in mind i was excited to see a game based off it. even with it being on sale i still felt cheated. i want my money back.  oh anf if your a fan of those endless runner games then this games then your in luck this game has a few parts that are like that. if you want your fix of korra you  wont find it here and are better off watching the show. 4/10
76561198050393599,Recommended,281690,12599736,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Sailor Gloom,"I'm a huge ATLA and Korra fan so I'm sure I am biased here but from what I've played of the game so far its great!The combat is really fun and actually challenging, I'm playing on normal setting and had to retry some fights many times to get it down right. I'm enjoying the learning curve of figuring out which elemental stances chain and stagger lock well together and managing parrying while switching stances and throwing out attacks of my own.Game runs perfect for me, no tech issues so far. The character models and animations look really nice to me, the environments can be a little light on detail but since the combat is so rewarding you hardly notice.Overall really great job Platinum did, I just keep cracking a smile while I play this :fangirl squeee:totally worth 15$,:>"
,Not Recommended,281690,12846458,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Driie (Uriel),Your enemy is the camera.
,Recommended,281690,12758460,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rabcor,"The Legend of Korra developed by Platinum games and published by Activision. This game is awesome, especially if you don't mind a little bit of difficulty (although if you do, just play on casual) the only shortcoming of this game (besides lack of cross platform support), and the reason for it's surprisingly cheap price tag is that it's a bit short, your first playthrough of it will range anywhere between 2-4 hours. So do take your time with it.But to make up for it's short play time, it is very replayable, you aren't going to explore all the game's content in just 2-4 hours, for example there is an extreme difficulty setting and a pro-bending minigame that isn't unlocked until after you complete the game once, and there are also fun items that can be played with that you won't be able to afford with just one playthrough, and unlockable costumes. And since the game is just so bloody fun, and challenging to boot, it's not hard to want to play more of it after you finish it once.Overall I'd say that this is a very top quality buttonmashing game, and if an expansion or game #2 will be made by the same developers, I would buy it on the spot. It's also quite rare to see big publishers like Activision sell games at a more than fair price, so I feel that they deserve my money for this one.The only problem in terms of content you may run into is the lwo quality of cinematics between levels, their sound volume is inconsistent with the volume of the game, and it seems to be quite low res (720p) with a bad upscaling algorithm in place (naturally as a game engine it's not exactly designed around video playback), and of course since this is a buttonmashing game, a controller is recommended (Preferably an X360 emulating controller)I recommend it for anyone who is a fan of Japanese buttonmashers like Bayonetta, Okami and Devil May Cry, and also of course for anyone who is a fan of The Legend of Korra tv series. The game's storyline is a sidestory between Season 2 and Season 3 (so you only need to have seen as much of the series as the first two seasons to understand the story)"
76561198085496288,Recommended,281690,23654268,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Deceased ANT ♪  #FightCancer,"Great game, really bad camera."
,Not Recommended,281690,31269218,Posted: 20 April,all,SpaceHippie,This is super disappointing. The fighting is so repetitive and the platforming is mediocre at best. The Shop system is uninsteresting and the game took only 5 hours to beat. Not recommended. Not even on a sale.
,Recommended,281690,14174773,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Serphius,"Though licensed video games have a long history of subpar gameplay, 'The Legend of Korra' has managed to take an action-packed concept that mixes extremely well with the combo-shot gameplay of other Platinum titles.The game is somewhat short compared to Platinum's AAA titles like Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising, but the gameplay is instantly recognizable. Using the Avatar universe's ability to bend elements, players are able to shift and change out movesets on the fly to rack up combos. It's a classic brawler not usually seen in the modern PC age, but it's extremely fun. The enemies, taken from a period between Seasons 2 and 3 of the show, can provide a fair challenge out of sheer numbers, though they do lack a bit of variety as the game continues.Think of this as Platinum-Lite. It's a solid actioner that is well worth a good sale price. However, it does lack the depth and time you would see in their other titles. Fans of Korra will likely get a kick out of the animated cutscenes and general gameplay, and players unfamiliar with the world should have fun killing a few hours if you can get it for $5.Don't expect a lot of replay, but it's hardly a disappointment for the price, either."
,Recommended,281690,16918459,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Tillburg,"+ Nice graphics+ Feels like an actual, fun bending fighting game+ Korra's still super cool+ Nagga's sections are surprisingly tight and fun, despite the threat of one hit KOs~ story is whatever~ difficulty is somewhat unreliable. It can go from ""walk in the park"" straight to ""AGH JEEESUS""Overall it fits the price. I wouldn't mind seeing a more fleshed out, longer version of this someday."
,Recommended,281690,12868451,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,[₪] Dusk-Argentum,"I dunno why everyone pooped on this game so much. It's pretty great! I rate 8.7/10, only because of a few flaws.PROS:-Korra.-Music sticks pretty much to the show.-Platinum Games.-Action-packed.CONS:-Airbending is OP.-Final boss is too easy if you know what you're doing.-Achievements are too easy."
,Not Recommended,281690,13088083,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,tentacleTherapist,"This game was released on multiple platforms (PC, Xbox One/360 and PS3/PS4) on 21/22 October 2014 and it was developed by Platinum Games, the same people behind Bayonetta.Everyone assumed that since Bayonetta peeps were working on this it was going to be a masterpiece. But instead, all we got was a terrible rip off of others games with some petty graphics filled with bugs and approximate textures.So, what’s really wrong in this game? You start fighting Dark Spirits where the Tree of Time is, using all elements because you’re…duh, the Avatar. I admit it’s fun here, even know you have totally no clue of your doings and you just keep smashing buttons randomly.Legend of KorraThen stuff happens and you get ripped off all your elements, AGAIN. Equalists. And this is where the tedious part begins.You start fighting the same enemies and bosses over and over in places that look the same.The formula is: Equalists, some kind of Big Daddy machina dude, and the Triple Threat Triad.  And that was four hours into the game, after that I couldn’t bear any second longer.Okay. Enemies are boring but at least fighting is exciting? No.You need get back your elements, starting with water. And once you get a bending back, you can level them up and buying up more combos in the shop. It does sound cool but there are no complex moves and you will most likely use the same element and skills repeatedly. You have two attacks, plus one button to dodge and one to defend and one to switch elements.Pro-Bending tournament is there, and it’s nicely done. You can unlock it after beating the game, and unfortunately I can’t say much about it, since I only got to complete a match during the storyline.Legend of KorraExploration is basically zero and everything is almost a corridor that looks the same. There are few treasures to discover in order to gain spirits points (I’ll explain their use after).Sometimes you need to travel for “long” distances and… which is the best way? Riding Naga of course! Too bad it’s a hideous Temple Run rip off. Literally.And it suffers the lack of your average phone sensors, so you need further inputs to move your character from left-center-right.You will eventually run into Iroh spirit in-game who will give you access to the shop.You can buy health and raise potions, power ups and new skills using spirit points you earn when killing off enemies, finding out secret items and destroying random cars or others objects around.Music wise, you can hear the same tunes over and over during fights. Nothing special here.There are also nice animated clips which are probably the only good thing of this game.I don’t like giving scores. But I suggest you to save up those 15 bucks and get a Pizza instead. I am both a gamer and a huge fan of this show, but it’s not enough force myself to finish it."
,Recommended,281690,13272915,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Whoota,"It is time to do maths!Avatar: the Last Airbender/the Legend of Korrais pretty much the best animated show on the air at this time...if not ever. Platinum Games is, hands down, the best game developer at this time. You can deny or agrue, but when it comes to sheer gameplay and content, Platinum Games will deliver in spades, and then some. So, put these two together and you should get the greatest cartoon game ever right? No. It's a hyperbolic equasion; it tapers to the perfect point, but never reaches it.It is easy to start comparing Korra to Platinum's action magnum opus:Bayonetta. They're both action games. Focus on building combos. Your performance is graded with medals, etc. However, when all is said and done,Korradoesn't even come close toBayonetta, but you will still feel hints of it's sublime combat system.Korrathen is more of a gateway to Platinum's more prolific works, rather than a full blown Cuhrayzee brawler.For reasons, the game starts out with Korra losing her bending powers to a group of familliar assailants, led by a mysterious old man. You then beat your way through various battles to get your bending abilities back, as well as figuring out what this old man is up to. The short story is laid out like a few episodes in the series. It even starts with the actual opening and credits, complete with voice cast and soundtrack. Nickelodeon gave Platinum full access to the show's resources, and the result is an awkwardly accurately licensed game. It will remind you of the time when Capcom made all the cool cartoon games for the SNES.The gameplay itself does lack a bit of the polish you have come to expect from Platinum. The combat (which is basically what the game consists of) allows you to use all four bending styles to overcome your foes. Waterbending has the best range, but is slow and lacks punch. Earthbending is extremely strong, but slow and cannot be blocked. Firebending is fast and direct and will allow your built massive combos fast in exchange for range. And finally, Airbending has a wide range and allows you to hit a lot of enemies at the same time, in echange for power. All powers can be swapped at any time to extend your combo. Allowing to freely flow from fire, into air and onto water, to finally finish with a big rock to the face. The downside is that the management of the camera and the interpreting of your opponents has become an afterthought for the developers. You just wail on them until they die. If you messed up your positioning when you began the combo, they will beat you mercilessly. You can block, counter or dodge them with a single button press, but it does not create an opening through Witch Time like inBayonetta. The result culminates in some very frustrating encounters down the line.However, this is a Platinum game. These guys want you to replay their work. You finish the game in a few hours, granted that you get past some hairy battles. The game then invites you to replay to unlock your full powers and unleash all hell on the enemies that mocked you before. The game instantly becomes more fun than your first time throught and you'll even come back again on the higher difficulties just to get that one locked costume.For a change of pace, the game lets you play some elaborate ""Temple Run"" adaptation. You race around town on the back of your polarbeardog (deal with it), Naga. You can use bending to protect yourself, shoot obstacles, do faster or catch more air. It's a well done part and it doesn't feel like it was tacked on. People worked on this to make it work and it shows.Finally, the game offers a mode where you engage in the show's main sporting event: Pro Bending. A hectic game, kind of like dodgeball, where you use quick bending jabs to get your opponents off the field. It is difficult to master yet somewhat fun. It's a nice afterthought from Platinum to even include it.All in all, you get more than you expect with this Korra game. Platinum surely did not deliver it's more distinguished effort, but when measured against other cartoon based games, you will surely buy into precious metal with this game."
,Not Recommended,281690,19854220,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KnuX,"Geez, Where to Start...?What a disappointment of a game.I suppose it's to be expected at this point as most TV/movie video-game adaptations are rarely worth any praise, but The Legend of Korra is just... lazy.I could go on and on about all the jaw-droppingly lazy and unfinished things about this game, but I'll try and focus on the ones that personally bothered me the most:To start off, the settings menu is a total joke. Copy+Paste from the Xbox version I'm sure.No 1440p (and up) Display support, sorry but you'll just have to play in 1080p or lower.Literally ONE graphics option: Normal or Smooth (with absolutely no indication of what either does.)Let's move on to the gameplay:By the second part of the ""1st chapter"", the Pro Bending Match, I was already done with this game as both a fan of the show, and a lifelong gamer:The developers didn't care about the actual rules of Pro Bending as Korra seems to have no issue parrying and returning elements that she is penalized in the show for using.Worse still is that the controls are so clunky. Just spam attack button and block when an attack comes at you. Don't bother moving or dodging, you'll just get hit. Awful...From the start of the match they conveniently make you have to fight 3 opponents alone, and the only way to win at all is by triple knockout. In my ""x"" attempt I finally managed to get two knocked out and a third pushed into his final zone, but the timer ran out and it was declared as a loss, even though by the actual game rules, I should have won.So, as a fan, they totally disregard the rules of the original game, and as a gamer, it's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in both it's performance and it's controls.I am a HUGE Avatar fan. I REALLY wanted to like this game.But I knew what I was getting into. I got in on a sale because I knew it wasn't going to be that good.What I did not expect was it to be so bad from just shear laziness. There's no valid excuses for the flaws in this game other than ""We wanted to crank out a title as fast as possible to capitalize on the franchise before we cancelled it.""The developers should be ashamed of this one. Putting something this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in today's game market is just what I'd expect from Platinum Games and CrAptivision."
,Recommended,281690,13265518,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,AlmightyPants,"Just beat the main story in 3 hours.  I'm a big fan of the show and credit where it's due, this game looks and sounds like the source material.  There aren't many enemy types, the levels are kind of bland and the combat does get a little old.  However, it reminded me pretty quickly of Streets of Rage, what with the motorcycle enemies coming at you, and that counts for something in my book.  It's an all right little beat 'em up.  The difficulty tends to spike at odd times (first mechatank fight especially) and some of the segments aren't that great.  All that said, it satisfied my desire to be a badass avatar and beat up a lot of dudes.  I played with a Xbox 360 controller and you probably should too.  If you like beat 'em ups or the show then grab this game on a sale.  I'm not upset with spending $10 on it and you probably won't be either!"
76561197997121517,Recommended,281690,13243092,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kerry Winters,Aang was a better avatar
,Not Recommended,281690,16360613,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","Love the fight mechanics, hate the game to be so short. Do not see it worth the money if the game story is so dam short."
,Recommended,281690,12796424,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,InfectiousFL,"Honestly I think that thanks to my love of the show im a bit more forgiving for this game than most, though even taking that into account, this is an amazingly fun game (for me atleast) The fighting can be a bit repetitive, and sometimes, the difficulty can be very varying from easy to hard even on normal, but other than that Legend of Korra is just a simple beat em up/ adventure game, nothing really super special, but considering it is a tv show licensed game and also considering what games have come out from the Avatar series I must admit that this game is better than what we have gotten since the Avatar series was made into games and honestly for its price, it's a great game, fifteen bucks isnt that much for this good of a game and when it goes on sale eventually i would definately pick it up before it passes by. I give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,281690,12755432,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mangoose,"Good for a $15 game.Pros: Decent mechanics, Good variance between elements, as well as a decent variety of combos that have different uses rather han just for flavor. Ability to switch elements and continue combos rather than restart them.Cons: Subpar graphics and variety/amount of content (including enemy types). Enemies, encounters, and equippable items could be balanced better. Sometimes over-reliance on counters. Naga running game and pro-bending are not interesting mechanically.Conclusion: Because it is inevitable to make huge tradeoffs for a $15 game, I am glad to see prioritizing gameplay mechanics over graphics and amount of content. However, I would have liked to see better variety of enemies and encounters. Getting rid of Naga running game and pro-bending would have given more time to spend on encounter/enemy variety.I would faceiously state it's 1/4 the quality of Bayonetta. Wait, oh my gosh, that's like the same difference between $15 and $60!If you care about ratings, I'd maybe give it 3-3.5 out of 5."
,Not Recommended,281690,33046584,Posted: 30 June,all,Teru,"So I got Legend of Korra because I thought it would be fun and it's really cheap right now and I was like ""YEAH I JUST PUNCHED A MAN ON A BIKE LIKE 50 TIMES!"" But then the next bit was a ridiculous section on a giant dog, and the next was a gauntlet section with people who can kill you in like 3 hits unless you QTE. No thanks Platinum. I always forget how completely asstastic their games actually are and I don't understand why I think they'll be good beforehand.As with all Platinum games the difficulty is ""You better QTE or you have to do a super long section of fights perfectly again."" which is a big no in general for me, especially when they pit you against several enemies that can kill you in just a few hits and others that can immobilise you so you can get hit, in the same screen. Forcing you, then, to go through a whole overlong section of fighting perfectly again is just the icing on the cake.I played enough, skipping every cutscene because I don't care, to know I won't be enjoying this game at all for the rest of it. I think I'll take a refund and find something I'll play for a while. It should be noted that I got about halfway through the game, it's only like 2-3 hours long if you do it like I did. So... no thanks."
,Not Recommended,281690,16457436,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Marusame,"I beat this game in 4 hours, it was the most frustrating experience ever. The only thing that kept me going was that the actual controller to korra commands felt nice and responsive, everything else such as the enemies sucked major balls.The enemies will flash red but even after that you are always unsure if it is a Lightning based attacked which you cant  counter or a regular attack to counter. Countering is really the only way to cause a lot of damage.The camera is also a major enemy toward the end and SCREW THOSE ROBOTS omg.A couple of tips, when you use a health item and restart the checkpoint, your health items are GONE, so when you die go to the store first, buy the 3 health vials and the shurikin looking thing that revives you on death, those are a must, also buy the tea pot and the crown EACH TIME you go out.I want to reccomend it, but really, its just too hard a sell, the game is VERY VERY VERY VERY hard, like Harder than bayonetta on Infinit Climax hard, harder than Dante Must Die mode in DMC4, on normal difficulty.This game is NOT for kids you better be a character action game GOD going in here or you are NOT going to beat it without hours and hours of practice."
76561198075458746,Recommended,281690,12606672,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cleveland CAVS 2K16 CHAMPS,"The legend of Korra is in no way a great game but it certainly isn't a bad game sure there isn't much variety and the boss fights on anything higher than the easy difficulty can be unforgiving but there is alot to like in this game such as the art style , combat and the pro bending mode which is my personal favouriteOverral: for 15 bucks this is a solid game6.5/10PS: I just finished the game and i have to say the last boss battle is epic!!!"
76561198049796181,Recommended,281690,12750584,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tomoti,If you like the Avatar world then you will really enjoy this game =)
,Not Recommended,281690,22918721,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lopper,"Screw this game, way too difficult, just watch the tv show, it's 10x better and a much more fun experience anyway. If it wasn't for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ridiculous difficulty this would actually be a fun game but because of that I cannot possibly ever leave a positive review for this game. If you like difficult games then you're insane but if you want to try this it has a pretty good combat system, a shop where you can buy some cool items that help you out and you can level up your bending skills, real shame I couldn't give this a positive review but this is worse than dark souls."
76561197980342583,Recommended,281690,12929093,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Moshine(No Mouse) [IgA],"Surprisingly difficult, thoroughly enjoyable. Would benefit from a multiplayer pro-bending mode though."
,Recommended,281690,12998958,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Pampira,It's pretty fun if you're into melee. Play on Extreme and you're hooked.
,Not Recommended,281690,24770125,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mitsunari Ishida,"Dear Camera....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Recommended,281690,12956651,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ray,"I GOT BLISTERS ON ME FINGERS!No but seriously owwwww my hands! This game is amazing platinum has hit one out of the park again. So I'm going to do this in sections to keep it simple.Score at the bottom if that’s all you care about, it’s ok I’m not judging you.combat:This is why many of us bought the game and it's easily the best part by far. Easy to pick up on casual difficulty. but brutal and demanding on normal and extreme. The game's combos are broken up into four styles each of which can be accessed right from the start but they lack the flashy powers to back them up till you unlock them in the story. Still each has their uses even when locked. Each is as simple as the old XXXY or YY you get the idea, bayonetta lite. The complexity comes from how each style has its own unique traits. Water is long ranged; earth is the slowest but powerful, fire is the fastest and auto tracks to rain down blows on weak enemies and air allows for wide area attacks for crowd control. each can be accessed instantly allowing you to adapt to whatever the game throws at you and each also has different effects in the air(earth has a ground pound for example). And then there are the parries and dodges. Players of bayonetta will understand the dodge right away, works exactly the same but without witch time. The parry on the other hand is new and is where things get really fun, by holding the button you block for a moment but time it right and you will perform a unique counter attack against the attacking enemy. This also works on their projectiles sending them straight back at them. All of this combines to make one of the most satisfying combat systems I've ever seen. Bayonetta’s is better but I want that godlike parry too.Story:May as well tackle this, it sucks. it's not offensive in anyway just boring, the villain is boring, the reason for why it's happening isn't important, the whole game seems to take place in a single day as if this just another day at the office for Korra. You likely won't care either way. If you came for story the only thing you'll find is that getting to play as Korra is awesome and I'm glad they got the voice actress to reprise her role from the show. It’s a power fantasy, you get to be the avatar and not suffer though a terrible game (looking at you the burning earth) so passable.GraphicLooks like the show, cut scenes are low quality but what can you expect from a budget title. In game it looks fine. I'm a big believer in the idea that if you can't make your game look realistic enough, just cell shade it. It’s a copout but a good one. This game will still look decent 10 years down the line that way. The environments are a little bland however. Lots of single color walls. Which leads right into..Level design:Platinum basic, mostly linear levels with a few side paths and secrets but not a lot. Kinda dull but that's what I had expected coming into this so I'm not bothered by this.Enemy variety:Hmmmmm, 1,2,3....6...about 10 enemies types, mostly variations. Not great but as copy and paste as some of them are they each at least serve a different purpose in combat which is nice. (watch out for those red ones).And lastly length/replay value:now this one is important, as you can see from my hours ( 7.4 as of writing this review, not a huge amount but longer than a lot of singleplayer campaigns these days.(you know the ones). there are 8 chapters and overall I think it's took me about 6 hours to complete the main campaign, going back at one point to collect stuff once all my powers were unlocked and after that I topped off all my skill levels, bought all the items in the shop and completed the pro-bending mini-game which got really tough towards the end but was great fun. considering what I paid which was full price, I think I got a steal, I got really worried by some of the reviews out there but having played it now I can safely say this is definitely a godhand situation ( look it up) I'm not even done with this game, I played a bit of extreme which already has me fighting late game enemies in the first level so I'm likely to get another 4 hours out of this.Overall:This is THE best budget title I'm ever played, a title once held by bionic commando rearmed so consider that. There’s is so much attention to detail in the animations and combat however the other parts due suffer a little because of this. But being a gameplay first kind of guy I don't let that bother me much at all. I got what I wanted from this and in some areas it even exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes the following: platinum games, actions games, hard games, fun short titles, major Korra fans, and crazy people always looking for the next challenge.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,281690,12909775,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,JadesPukeko,I actually really enjoy this game. The story is a little slow and I find the enemies slightly OP but hey a little challenge is good for the blood. I would have liked more story in it but it is a $15 game not a $100 game so for the price it is fantastic. Play the game and kick some butt
,Not Recommended,281690,17392258,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kurtlar Vadisi 1. Sezon,Activision zaten film ve dizi oyunlarinin icine sicmak icin var olan bir firma bunu tekrar bu oyunla basarmislar. Helal valla. Bir tane bile adam gibi oyun yaptiklari yok hep ayni cizgiyi ve kalitesizligi koruyor adamlar.
,Recommended,281690,12600050,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ninjaSebree,"Game if a lot of fun if you are a big fan of the show then you will love it. The game is mission to mission based, the combat is what draws me in. Its definitely a $15 game. But for the love of god does no company see how awesome this universe is? Bethesda should make an open world avatar game, that would be awesome."
,Recommended,281690,28238500,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Platinum love.
,Recommended,281690,12653061,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Escrypha,"This game is epic!The story barely even matters (I enjoy it, nonetheless), 'cause I'm so into the gameplay! I just finished chapter four, and am completely satisfied with it. This game rocks! The bending, dodging, and countering skills are great. My only problem with it so far is the camera controls. I tried it with my keyboard and mouse, as well as with my Xbox controller, and it still sucks ball. My total rating for this game is 9/10. It would 11 or 12/10 if the camera was better. Seriously, I leave my mouse alone, and the camera still moves. It's like it's covered in butter. It slips past the point I wanted. I want precise control for the camera. Please fix it. I'll even buy it from you if you release it as DLC. >:DYeah! I'm that desperate! xDAlso, I'm a huge fan of the show, and I still think this game rocks. I was discouraged to buy it at first, 'cause of IGN's review, but as it turns out, it is well worth its cheap price. Good job, guys!Still, please fix the camera. xD"
,Recommended,281690,12606526,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,randombattle,"It can be tempting to discount this. A budget action game made in a short time but there is a care put into this that you don't often see from a game like this. If you're a fan of platinum games or just action games in general this is a fantastic yet bitesized action game. It's short yes, there aren't many missions yes, and there aren't tons of enemy types sure. But it's also 15 dollars brand new so there should be some tempering of expectations.It's short yet incredibly fun game that makes the most of it's liscence."
76561198066140954,Recommended,281690,12608231,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Nova,"worth to buy ! dont care about gamespot 4/10 they dont have clue how cool this game is ""haters gonna hate"""
76561198094142119,Recommended,281690,12608132,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,RyanAllan,"it's a good game don't get me wrong just really difficult with the lag/delay, thought i'd be able to at least change the settings but it doesnt give you the option to do so."
76561198160910223,Recommended,281690,12816184,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,rieckytron,It is the great game. Hope for the sequel!
76561198041468789,Not Recommended,281690,20626867,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,VDV SL0TH-,"this game just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. if you wanna know more, go buy it yourself, play for under 2 hours and then try to refund that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it features unbalanced gameplay, no logic in these arena fights, because you are in the last enemy area and still lose the fight when the time runs out, combat is already boring after like half an hour and some more real fun unpredictable enemy hits on you that you actually dodged.Korra/Aang ~Fire Nation"
,Recommended,281690,12600035,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,zata5665,"Pretty good overall, there were a couple spots that could use some more polish (the mechs have way too much health) but fun. If you like the show, get this game. If you like MGR, get this but know it's not quite as polished as MGR is, but for the price it's well worth it."
76561198074356144,Recommended,281690,12648039,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,luker11,"The Positives: the combat system is variable enough to keep gameplay interesting with enough variences in each bending style to make them useful in their own way, whilst there is not a huge variety in the enemies, the differences between them encorouge you to try out new tatics to defeat them, the combo system for special moves is easy to use and doesnt force you to learn horrically complicated chains of buttons to get results, the pro-bending matches follow the rules of the show exactly and can add some fun, whilst it may seem difficult at times, I felt it that much more rewarding when I did win and that added to my experience of the gameThe Negatives: there isnt really much of a story other than this is a bad guy who wants to do bad stuff go punch him in the face, bending in taken away very early on the game meaning you are forced to either counter all attacks or use your fists, which is problematic as the hand to hand combat is bad, it takes until you are three quaters through the story mode to unlock all of your bending styles.Overall, I found it fun, I honestly wasnt expecting to so maybe that added to it somewhat. If your a fan of the show for it's story telling, this isn't your game, if you like a challenging spectical fighter where you can beat stuff up then you might find this fun. One last thing, if you buy this on steam, use a controler of some description because the keyboard controls are painfull and frustrating, the game will even recomend you to use a controller so please do."
76561198060369016,Not Recommended,281690,16976331,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,"Hello, I like you","Main ""Story"" has about 4-5 hours of gameplay. Nothing really of note, could have been any game. Just happens to have a Avatar paint job.Gameplay is pretty lack luster, pretty much zero enemy variety and only one boss.Given all that, probably worth the $3 I paided. would never buy it at full price tho."
,Recommended,281690,12924464,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Q A B O O S,"Legend of Korra, 2014.'Only the Avatar can master all four elements, and bring balance to the world'.This highly anticipated game adaptation of Nickelodeon's ""Legend of Korra"", in my opinion as a major fan of the Avatar franchise, has not disappointed. This high action beat 'em up game should easily satisify any fan of the show and those who are sceptical on the game should seriously invest some proper research into it before simply panning it.The game takes place in many familiar places throughout the Avatar universe, including: Republic City, the Southern Water Tribe (South Pole) and the Spirit World. As a fan, I was thrilled to see that Platinum Games had kept these areas  to a very similar standard as the show and did not misrepresent  in any way. For those wondering, the storyline in the game takes place between Book 2: Spirits and Book 3: Change. So the events of the game take place in the three or four week period after Korra left the Spirit Portals open following her victory over Vaatu and Unalaq during Harmonic Convergence. I will admit, I did find the story a little hard to swallow in terms of its continuity, however, it is still enjoyable and the main antagonist is pretty badass.So, what about the gameplay? I must first admit that I have not yet played this game with a controller. I have also not attempted the game on the extreme difficulty. The game's controls for me were simple enough, however if you have a controller, you should probably use that. I say that because sometimes on the keyboard things are a bit cramped so to speak. For example, to counter is to press 'C' and to lock onto an enemy is 'R', I often found myself accidently hitting 'X' and 'E' at times of heated battle. Is that really an issue? No, but still I didn't enjoy accidently swapping elements instead of locking onto those damn chi blockers or mecha tanks. If I have any criticism of the game play it is this: the camera is the hardest villain of all in this game. If you're in a battle with giant Dark Spirits and you need to see what's going on to stay alive, but your camera is focused on a random rock or the back of a monster instead of yourself, then it is easy to get annoyed. I guess I can overlook it though because damn, controlling those elements is fun.TL;DR/Summary: All in all I enjoyed this game and found myself immersed straight away. If you are a fan of the show then I think you wouldn't be disappointed, however the game is not perfect either (as no game really is). I'd probably give this game a solid 7-8/10 and the only reasons I've dropped marks is because of annoying cameras and sometimes bare scenary."
,Not Recommended,281690,21675244,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Darksider,"This game is badly designed, and has horrible controlls.I'm quite a fan of the avatar-series, but this game does a great disservice to the franchise"
76561198067155199,Recommended,281690,12935251,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tbonehavoc,"I really enjoyed the game. There's a lot of fun to be had. There are moments where CASUAL is insanely grueling, and moments in pro-bending that just feel downright impossible on Ace.  I found that the game requires a bit of grinding to stay onto of the difficulty curve, and by the time I tackled Hardcore? Well... Hardcore mode is not too difficult with the right item set ups, but there are moments of insanity as you get towards the end and have to complete the Naga run sections with no room for error. Still fun though.All in all though, the game is well worth the price tag, and I've played through all the modes offered and still find myself coming back for more."
,Not Recommended,281690,16463101,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ivanovishado,The game is really buggy.I don't expect to finish it anytime soon.Buy only if is a Daily Deal and you're a fan of the series.
,Recommended,281690,12882466,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GROVE STREET ALL DAY,"It's fun if you are a fan of the show, not much replay value outside turning up the difficulty.6.8/10"
76561198129477790,Recommended,281690,12644617,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ravavaatu,"For a $15 downloadable game, it's incredibly fun. There are some issues, mainly revolving around the camera, but that's it. Along with that, the enemy variety is pretty small and the locations feel lifeless. But, the gameplay itself, is phenomenal. The combat system is far better than one would expect for a license title and by the time you unlock all of the bending styles, switching between them to do huge amounts of damage to large groups of enemies is so satisfying. The game is hard though, and I would recommend the ""casual"" difficulty for the first playthrough. The game is short, but the chapters are replayable so it's not much of an issue. If you're a fan of the show, or a fan of Platinum Games, I strongly urge you to play it."
76561198069914996,Recommended,281690,12608501,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Motivation,"Story mode is short , i spent 2 - 3 hours before i completed it once, you can play it again if you wish but it looses some of it's charm , kind of like playing the level 1 dungeon all over again on new game+ with all your OP♥♥♥♥♥♥. I know thats what new game + technically is , but here you don't really feel the need other than to unlock that 1 final constume you can only get by beating story mode on extreme difficulty .The 1st play through however has it's ups and downs . 1st up you can switch between elements at any point in the game , which is pretty neat , and although the combos for each elements are relatively short , by switching elements you can keep it going for about a minute if you're good . BUT ! during your 1st plathrough you lose all your powers . WHAT ! I know right ?! Then you have to go through the entire story just to get them back 1 by 1 . Of course you dont have to if you've already beaten the game once . The combat does look awesome with 4 charge levels of each attack that gets stronger and more epic looking as you charge up each attack .The Naga parts are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥. You basically get placed on a Temple Run mode . and that's itBUT the diamond in the rough for this would be the Pro-bending mode . You could have spent 3 hours in the story mode , but probending mode , especially Ace mode will easily double or even triple the amount of time in terms of replayability .  You may have to slug through story mode just to complete it once to unlock pro-bending mode but boy does it feel worth it .Sure the attacks are limited and there's that longing for more types of attacks that could be done but you barely feel it sometimes .The price you see right now is not for the story mode . No it's for the pro-bending mode . Story mode feels like a mini game compared to this . It's like Devil within for Tekken 5 .When you pay , you are paying for pro-bending mode , not story mode ."
76561198059794948,Recommended,281690,12616579,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Promilew,I'm a huge fan of the Avatar series and seeing this game availabe for 15€ made me jump out of joy. The previous avatar game was just awful so I was slightly sceptical. It turns out that I wasn't dissapointed this time (very much).Having played this through I can say It doesn't look amazing and it doesn't have many of the original characters from the series. I won't spoil it by telling who make an apperance but there aren't that many of them (because unlike in the series you run around alone saving the world). Needless to say I was dissapointed in that aspect. The story isn't very creative either and it is almost all combat.The combat is actually quite fun. I can finally bend the elements to my will and in my opinion they are all well balanced and are enjoyable to use. I do sometimes get the feeling that the countering isn't working perfectly but maybe it's just me. The camera is once in a while a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when the enemies are so big that they cover the whole screen and you have to fight blind at times.I wish they would've added some jokes but it is mainly just fighting as the avatar the same enemies several times. I guess they are busy writing jokes for the actual series.The pro bending side game is quite fun aswell but it isn't that ling either. I did find it challenging on the hardest level and it felt awesome to kick♥♥♥♥♥with Korras team mates.In short: This game is a good time for those who have always wanted to bend the elements and fight bad guys. I enjoyed it immensly even without a controller and I will play it again. This game is definitely worth the money.
,Not Recommended,281690,16969545,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BaZ -iwnl-,"3/10... This game follows Korra, an Avatar that comes from the steampunk era. (Spoiler)>(Spoiler)>(Spoiler)> After defeating Unalaq, republic city tries to rebuild after the massive fight.(Spoiler Ends Here) This game was very bad. The way you had to control the camera was horrible. The fighting was extremely repetitive, and blocking was absolutely useless. The game isn't true to the lore either. The boss battles in this game are meant for veterans in the fighting genre. The whole game can be beaten in under an hour. The best bits of the game are the level design in the final boss area, the Probending battles and how it has animated cutscenes."
76561198012031264,Recommended,281690,12605494,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Vinasear,6/10Worth a try if you're a fan of the series. Budget Platinum.
,Recommended,281690,33307958,Posted: 6 July,all,the good demoman,this good fun to play
76561198004431222,Not Recommended,281690,33289982,Posted: 5 July,all,Walnut,"Selecting ""New Game"" deletes ALL bending progress, levels, and unlockables.What the actual♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥were they thinking?It's like Bayonetta but for kids"
76561198164957543,Not Recommended,281690,16447978,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ihm1121,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,281690,16447336,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Genesis,i want my money back!! or i will tell to paypal about that.. cuz i rlyy dont like the game he is hard the mouse not good controling.. not fun at all!! and bad graphic..give me my money back!
,Recommended,281690,23535433,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SmokyBlue,g
,Recommended,281690,15677413,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Punisher,"Great game, very fun to play. The story is great too, and the cutscenes and music... mmm."
,Not Recommended,281690,17409086,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,faggor king of gaystonia,my boss is currently threatening to fire me at work right now while i am trying to justify to him why this game was not made for girlsWITH THE COMBINED POWER OF THE ELEMENTS I WILL NOT GO TO BED BEFORE 10PM THANKS NIGHTLIGHT
,Recommended,281690,16707750,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Umbra,"Quick ReviewThe Legend of Korra is a small spectacle figher game set in the Avatar universe, taking place between Book 2 and 3 of the series of the same name. Overall the gameplay is good, nothing special from a spectacle fighter, but overall good. The animations for the bending are fantastic, and the physics of the bending are beautiful. The game is 3 hours, but does offer collectables, a New Game+, and higher difficulties. The story itself isn't anything write home about, but then again Platinum Games isn't known for its story telling, but its fast paced action gameplay. The game is a bit flawed, targeting feels a bit off, and the voice acting isn't as good as the show. For 15 bucks, I can't really reccommend this game as there isn't enough content to merit such a price, but if it goes on sale, it's a good game to pick up, especially if you're a spectacle fighter and/or Legend of Korra fan.TLDR+Good bending animation+Makes you feel like the Avatar+Combat is fun-Voice Acting could be a bit better-Flawed targeting7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,281690,24439908,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,CUBE,"As i am not familiar with the Legend of Korra series I might have missed why this actually gets ""very positive"" reviews.Pros:- eeehhhh..let me think- artstyleCons:- camera is lagging behind. Gamebreaker for me personally and very frustrating with fights.- short, too short if you paid full price especially.- the random QTE- playing with keyboard and mouse not recommended (can't remap) I tried both controller and keyboard to see if the lagging camera would be ""solved"". It didnt.Verdict:4/10 - Pick up when on sale (70% or more)"
76561198166485904,Not Recommended,281690,24646756,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,OneLung,"First off, this is the first review I have ever written out of the 54 games I have on Steam.This Game was super dissapointing.Avatar:The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra are both one of my favorite shows of all time. The TV shows changed the way I live, so when I found out that I could hold the power to bend all elemets with a controller, you could imagine my excitement. Plus I got it on sale, so if that day were a trophy I would put it in a case.But then I quickly learned that Dark Souls aint got nothing on this game. The ""Normal"" difficulty doesnt even give the player a chance. The only thing that gets more annoying than the same unbeatable hoardes of enemies and 30 minute battles with a boss that has a longer lifespan than God, is Uncle Iroh's voice saying ""Thank you come again"" when you have to waste all your currency on buying health instead of scrolls, which make you learn sick, new attacks. Straight up, this game ruined Iroh, my favorite character!TL;DR: Pretty much just another Button masher.If you are a real fan of the series, I wouldn't reccomend.If you are self-loathing and often confuse fun with rage that could make a man stab a puppy, then this game is a great bargain"
76561198152663534,Recommended,281690,16999663,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Nadevan,i am sorry but i have a few problems with this game:but on the positive side:1 this game is awesome!2 this game has a pro bending mode!3 this game has a lot of items that you can use!4 the music is... ah... goodbut on the negative side:1 this game has alot of glitches!2 you can only play with korra! (Included the pro bending mode)3 if you have a slow pc or leptop so this game will run at 20 or 10 frames for a sec!4 this game is short! it only has 8 lavels!5 the levels are nice but they are long!!!!!!!!!6 you can only play with water in the pro bending mode!7 you will die every 10 secends!!!8 you will get bored from this game after you will finsh it!!but overall this is a nice game!this game has a lot of problems but it still fun.i recommend you to try it out!
,Recommended,281690,15640794,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Rivaldo,"Good game, very challenging. Couldn't wait to get it, and it seems that it's just as good as I thought it'd be."
,Recommended,281690,16444294,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ezephra | Before the Storm,"That's a nice one.A lot of combo and abilities you can use in a combat, there's so much fun BUT I feel a bit disappointed because the story was TOO short. Actually, this game could be made MUCH better...(Sry, bad english)"
76561198043930222,Recommended,281690,12602822,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Leichenfresser,"Let's get it straight: It's a budget-title. If someone is expecting something like Metal Gear Rising, they won't get it. But that doesn't mean it is bad.Frankly, for it's pretty low price, you get a nice character action game in the avatar universe.The graphics and the story aren't really special, although the drawn cutscenes do look nice - even if you can see that it's budget wasn't as high as the real show.The biggest problem with the game is that you start pathetically weak: no elements, just fighting. You get all your elements while playing, but at the beginning of the game it is unreasonably hard. You even need to level up your elements until you get to a point where you are capable of playing. But when you reach that point, the game really is fun. Pulling enemies with a water whip towards you and them sending away with a gigantic rock is just one of the really fun things you can pull of.The elements feel very varied - fire is fast melee, earth is slow melee, water is long range and wind is mid range with big AoE-effects. Not one combo does the same. You can even buy more combos and uses in the ingame-shop for the elements like throwing water while dodging or flying around like a jet.The camera is another issue: you lock on by pressing the left control stick. In the heat of battle, it can happen that you lost lock on.The enemy variety is also pretty low, reaching from other benders to spirits.The game itself is pretty short, around 4 hours, but like all platinum games, it has higher difficulty settings where enemies get new moves and more enemies spawn.While this all doesn't sound amazing, let me tell you again: it's a very cheap game. Only 15 bucks. If you have money to spent and like character action games, give it a try!"
,Recommended,281690,12603049,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Faedt,"Awesome game if you like the animated series. The music and animation is nostalgic. Controls can be a little difficult and sometimes part of the game feels like it is a mini game, but overall still an awesome play. I recommend it, and am surprised at how affordable this game was. More games need to be like this!"
,Recommended,281690,12604441,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kuckles,"There is a lot of negative thoughts that usually get associated with a movie/show/book licensed game, even worse a game made by Activision. But then this game also holds the name of another, the developer of the game is Platinum studios. the makers of such games like Bayonetta, Vanquished, Metal Gear: Rising Revengeance, Mad World, and The Wonderful 101. While those games are not huge box office successes they are solid good games and now they have been tasked to work on a budget licensed game for The Legend of Korra TV show. So did they hit it out of the park or is this another to be ignored.The first thing to note here is this is 100% an authentic Korra experience. Every character who appears in the game from the show is voiced by their respective voice actor. That includes Korra, Mako, Bolin, Tenzin, and Jinora all make appearances in this game. The story of the game is also written by some writers from the show and considered cannon in the shows story. As the game starts it is just after the end of Season 2 and before Season 3, the entire game takes place in about a week story wise. So it fits into that timeline just fine.Which leads to the first negative about the game and that is the story. The tale being told is not the most earth shattering of tales, as Korra once again is found stripped of here bending powers by a mysterious old man after winning a Pro-Bending match. Korra then starts her mini quest to regain her powers and find out who the old man is and what he wants. I wont spoil to much about how that turns out, but I am gonna nit-pick the main villain for a bit. Personally I never fully understood what his deal was, he wants to destroy the Avatar, Duh like most villains do, but his beef was with a past Avatar who defeated him over a thousand years ago and you never really figure out why, how or even which Avatar defeated him. It could have used a flash back or more exposition to explain why he was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Now on to a positive and most of the reason to play this game, The Gameplay. This is where the game shines each of the bending styles feels unique and true to the element. Water bending is your go to for both Ranged and general damage. Earth bending is slow but powerful and it is super satisfying to see chunks of enemy heath bars fall with each rock that hits opponents. Fire bending is fast and furious, good for building up high combos and defeating people quickly. then there is Air bending, which is arguably the best for clearing rooms of enemies, sending out spinning tornadoes to do some serious crowd clearing. All of these styles can be switched to on the fly and even mid-combo to create some truly devastating strings of combos mixing all the elements together. Near the end of the game you unlock the ability to enter the avatar state and punish enemies with devastating super powered moves. Honestly this combat is solid and the reason to pick up this game and play over and over again.The next negative has to do with the Level and Enemy design. While the level design is not completely terrible. there are a lot of secret areas and treasures to be found in each. they feel really generic and lifeless, as they serve their purpose as background to the combat, when you are done with that, there is really not much to look at with bland dull textures and repetitive sections. you know when a combat section is about to start because you just entered a wide open area, so be prepared to be blocked by a big purple wall and forced to fight several guys who just teleported in. And you would have sworn you beat these guys already as they are the same 3 or 4 guys you have been fighting all game. the default enemy for the game is Chi blockers aka Amons flunkies from season 1, they come in 3 colors, green default fist fodder, blue ranged♥♥♥♥♥♥bags, and Red unblock-able attack using ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. But along with them are the 3 mini bosses or the triads that use Water, Earth, and Fire bending. then the Big mecha tanks. unfortunately these enemies are repeated over and over through out most of the game, until the dark spirits show up. But the spirits are such a non-enemy its kinda sad they mostly fill the same role as the Chi blockers but instead of just defeating them you can purify them when they get low health.This can be a good or bad thing but this game is hard. On normal the first time through I was dying and redoing sections in the 3rd level. The game has a very weird difficulty curve, in that it actually gets slightly easier as the game goes on and you unlock the rest of your bending abilities. The bending styles level up and get more powerful as the game progresses which means that playing it longer and repetitively will make the game easier and a bit more fun to play as you buy more combos from the in game store run by uncle Iroh. He also sells boosters that give you more heath, or even special perks that you can use during levels to get better medals and score.Other then the main story which has three levels of difficulty casual, normal, and extreme. the game also offers a few mini game side distractions. The first one is the Naga running sections in which Korra rides Naga through the streets of Republic City and has to jump, dodge and collect spirit energy. as mini games go its not the worst thing in the world but it is filled with a lot of one hit fail states, which can ruin even the most experienced runners streak. The next one is the Pro-bending league, this one actually gets its own separate mode as Korra, Mako, and Bolin strive to be the champions. The goal is to dodge the attacks of the other team while hitting them with your own to push them off the edge of the stage. This is a really fun mode which is true to the show and surprisingly fun. this mode also has 3 teirs of difficulty.Overall I had way more then $15 worth of fun with this game. It is faithful to the show and really feels like you are the avatar. I would hope this could get turned into a more full game with better story and more enemies. For now I am gonna go back and try to unlock more items and beat the games hardest difficulty.This game is Kuckles Recommended.*Bonus* here is the codes to unlock the secret items in the shop and Korra's room:Chi-Blocker: up down up triangle square triangleSpirit Korra: up up down down squareShadow fist item: right right left left squareOn a 360 pad square is X and triangle is Y.My play through of the first 3 levels:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbxUIky7FnQ"
,Recommended,281690,12604714,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kahran Ramsus,"Only a couple hours of playtime at the time of writing, but so far, it's enjoyable. Even for what seems like a fairly low budget game.The story is written by the Legend of Korra team and voiced by the same people as well. It takes place between Book 2 and Book 3, though it isn't the most impressive storyline. They even include brief animated cutscenes.The combat is enjoyable, but the flow of the game is essentially going from one arena to the next fighting enemies. They do mix it up with smaller little games in between levels. They even including a Pro-Bending mode after unlocking Story Mode and they include it as basically the first level. Every other level after that seems to be a little obstacle course mini-game using Naga.Anyone who has played something like Bayonetta or Ninja Gaiden will immediately understand the fast paced and reactive playstyle that the game uses. Switching between elements and blocking, dodging, countering, and charging up attacks are all pretty fluid and work well for the combat.If you're a fan of the Legend of Korra series you'll probably enjoy the storyline a bit, though there isn't much to it, and if you're not a fan, you'll probably still enjoy the combat and the challenge of the gameplay.For $15 ($17 CND) it's worth it in my opinion, but I do really enjoy the show so it's partially biased."
76561198024504424,Recommended,281690,12605094,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Volt Cruelerz,"Overall, a good game for fans of the show.  8/10 for fans, 6/10 for non-fans.The chi system is terribly explained though.  Basically, as you charge your powers, you temporarily get bonus effects on them for a period of time afterwards (or you can buy the item for 300k that turns them on permanently which I highly recommend).  Once you've got the item that gives you infinite chi, firebending becomes stupidly powerful at 1v1s and airbending becomes amazing for juggling swarms of enemies.  Waterbending has its uses because it is the longest ranged and best for hitting enemies that are above or below you.  Earthbending is unblockable (but those with bending can counter it).Beaten it on normal and extreme as well as beaten pro bending on Ace.  Enjoyed the whole lot of it.  On Extreme, the hardest parts (because by this time, you should have maxed bending, health regen, constant chi, be staggerproof, and have shadow fists (if you want to know the code, you can look up guides for the game on Steam; some have it)) are the non-traditional fights.  Things like when you're jumbo-spirit Korra or when you're fighting the Mecha-Tanks from Naga's back.  Everything else is a piece of cake.  The fact that I have a macro on my keyboard that spams clicks makes it altogether too easy.Eh, anyways, good game.  Again though, mechanics are unclear.Oh, one more thing, anything that has a black outline can be destroyed including some walls, rocks, pillars, cars, fruit stands, etc."
,Recommended,281690,12605893,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Zinron,"Seriously. This game is awesome. The boss battles are hard and it annoyed me at first, but it give you a change to grow. Super fun once you get the hang of it."
76561198268676149,Recommended,281690,28923800,Posted: 1 January,all,shin_oske,"Everything changed when the fire nation attacked.Get's repetitive but challenging, but overall had a good time playing it."
76561198150914661,Recommended,281690,29043035,Posted: 5 January,all,jeditree,Very good game. Could be longer
,Recommended,281690,15679797,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Crudeowl,"How is this rated ""T""? I constantly get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,281690,12841308,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"I GOT TO BE KORRA FOR A FEW HOURS!!!!Worth it for $15 IMO, wouldnt be worth it if it was say... $25"
,Not Recommended,281690,15716171,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Archangel,"Stupid PC controls. Bad port. Last boss is the more boring slog i've ever experiance.But hey! I only paid like 10 bucks for it on sale. Also: not even fans of the anime are gonna like this one very much. 2 characters actually appearing. Everyone else ""mysteriously absent"""
,Recommended,281690,23934997,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Entah,Gameplay : 8/10Story : 7/10Grafik 8/10 (grafik animasi)Well... game ini bagus banget cuman agak gimana gitu :v
,Recommended,281690,19989330,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr. Slurpy,I liked everything.
,Not Recommended,281690,28463404,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pikamander2,It felt repetitive and underwhelming. The AI is very bad and your attack aren't nearly as interesting as they could be. I recommend skipping this one.
,Recommended,281690,13240007,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Tatsuhoshi,"I was expecting a trainwreck with this game, quite honestly, but Samapuma said she wanted to try it out after reading about it and looking at the videos, so I took a gamble and bought it.  I can't say that I'm a huge fan of the Avatar series, in general, but I liked it well enough going into it.Now that you know my stance on the series before going into this game..., this game was amazing and I'm so glad that I bought it.  following a completely new story, full of new animations rather than just rehashing stuff used in the American animation, this game plays smoothly and has a pretty good sense of storytelling.  The soundtrack isn't too repetitive and annoying like the previous Avatar games.  Activision actually did a really good job of setting the mood, getting a feel for the powers of the Avatar and implementing the various combat styles used by the various types of 'benders in the avatar world.If I had any complaints with the game they would be that the stages where you have to navigate Naga are incredibly annoying for someone like me with nerve damage in both hands.  I rarely got better than a bronze medal on them and don't have the reflexes because of that to get a gold.  I had to do that part over and over again until I finally managed to make it through.Though they could have done more with the story, it is an adventure fighter game, with lots of action and such.  A multiplayer mode where you can do random stuff as a custom made 'bender of a specific element would be awesome.  An adventure/puzzle mode where four people have to work together with all four of the elements (or simpler stages for any number of players from 1 to 3) would be amazing.Though the lack of multiplayer is disappointing, this game is well worth the money either way, and gets a strong recommendation from me.  The need for a 360 controller for the best gameplay may seem a bit alienating to keyboard and mouse gamers, but don't let that deter you.  All of the controls are very conveniently placed on the controller and for the reflex intesive combinations that are asked for in both combat and various other parts of the game, it does, realy work out for the best.Another great feature of the game is that it's pretty lightweight if you are on a modern system.  You really shouldn't have too much trouble playing it at all on the normal settings.  The game runs relatively well on my netbook as well, with 4gb of ram and an HD3250 video card.  Despite being below the recommended specs, it didn't encounter many issues aside from a slightly low framerate.  It was still playable like this.(Don't let my playtime on this game foo you.  Most of my time has been spent playing it in offline mode, and I've already beaten the game on normal difficulty and most of the pro-bending tournament stuff.)A few tips:  For enemies on ledges and at long ranges, the best element to use is Water, since it has better tracking than air.  If you are being swarmed by enemies, use Earth.  It does heinous amounts of damage to enemies and can make short work of groups.  The first items you'll want to buy in the shop are the scrolls, books and the passive items, such as the hair comb.  Their effects are passive, unlocking special moves for each element, or simply giving an effect by having them equipped, rather than needing to spend money over and over again buying short boost items.  It's worth it to save up your spirit energy to buy these costly, yet useful items."
76561198088834484,Not Recommended,281690,21402011,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Red Tsar,Its okay but not what i expected. I probably wouldnt recomend this game since once i finished the story (Which wasnt very long at all) I had had enough.
,Not Recommended,281690,21470088,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SureGoated,Amazing show with great potential for a video game. This did not at all reach it's potential. I was very disappointed with this sorry excuse for an adaptation. Hopefully someone who will try harder will make something better.
76561198128543701,Not Recommended,281690,18731776,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,BullBars1,Terrible player and camera control. Unplayable.
76561198061473864,Recommended,281690,22438158,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Vince131,if you like korra and you like combo based combat you'll love this game. i know i did
,Recommended,281690,19523449,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Raxyn,"I have an unhealthy obsession with The Legend Of Korra and Avatar: The Last Airbender. This game is absolutely amazing if you're a fan of the series. Only thing I can complain about is the game is a tad short. Other than that, I love it. Especially the combat system. Beat em' up games hardly fail to impress me!"
,Recommended,281690,21128236,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Rin,"Fast and fun to play slasher in universum of Korra. Typical anime-cartoon graphics. It's great for fans of the show. You can end story in about 4-5 hours when you are exploring everything, after completing story you're unlocking Pro-bending League (yay!) which is also for about 30 minutes, it gives so much fun :D game isn't very long but - it has great replay value, just because you want to raise all 4 elements to max level and check those sick combos, or - hear Korra voice again :)"
,Recommended,281690,13226151,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Luckeru,Best game 2014 eu confirmd
76561198220343161,Recommended,281690,23735608,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MiddyE57,"Fun action game that's very faithful to the show. It's a bit on the short side (about 5 hours), but has some replay value. If your a Legend of Korra fan and find this game on sale, I'd say it's worth the purhcase."
,Recommended,281690,23845333,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,くのいちばか,"I can only recommend this to fans of the series and those who do not mind repetitive movements and annoying camera. Otherwise, it is worth its price due to its short game although unfortunately this is a game that has probably devalued Platinum Games' quality of games from this point on. The probending model is actually addicting and a nice mode to play for hours post-game!"
,Not Recommended,281690,22837740,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,TNSEE,"Crappy story, crappy combat, crappy level design... It feels like they let an intern develop this game."
,Not Recommended,281690,22499516,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,fullnewb,"Unplayable with mouse/keyboard. Since there is some kind of deadzone for mouse movement it's almost impossible to focus the camera in battle.Using the XB360 controller isn't much more fun tho since the auto-targeting is toggled by the movement stick button - pressing the stick by accident is very irritating.Intro movies and ingame scenes are not skippable; re-doing certain parts will drive you mad since you gotta watch the scene intro over and over again if you don't succeed.I got the game for 3,74€. If I could I'd return it still.EDITI just requested a refund. Now it's up to Steam.EDIT 2I got my money back. Thank you for your support, Steam!"
76561197975886487,Not Recommended,281690,24140294,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Drakenshield,"Started out fun and challenging and as the lovels progressed devolved into spinny camera angles making it difficult to move in the direction you want as well as massive amounts of being juggled. The game also became far less about air bending and more about how well you can counter enemy attacks to the point that I was barely ever bending especially during boss fights. Just watch the show and ignore the game, you will get he same story with a much better experience."
76561198180980217,Recommended,281690,33059224,Posted: 30 June,all,duongdo1970,my game do not run after i install it! who's like me?
76561198100904806,Not Recommended,281690,17180745,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Frid,This game doesn't have Asami!!!Otherwise its a nice hack and slash in avatar verse.
,Recommended,281690,28859505,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Pop Culture Reference,"You can't actually fight like how Korra fights in the show. Attempting an all offensive attack like show-Korra will get you killed in about 5 seconds. In the game, you'll actually have to dodge and counter the majority of the enemy attacks instead of simply plowing through them-The story is virtually nonexistent, but the combat (which is what we're all here for) is actually pretty fun, though it does get frustrating at times when you miss a counter, get cc'd 6 times in rapid succession, and then die without having a chance to fight back. Plus, the designated ""fighting areas"" could definetly be a bit bigger.The game is worth buying if you're a fan of the Avatarverse, otherwise it's a definte pass. And it's unfortunate since this is probably the best Avatar game we'll ever getSomething to note is that since the game takes place between season 2 and 3 of the show, the game does spoil the second season a little bit."
,Recommended,281690,26161435,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,AuliaAR,not badgreat game tho
,Not Recommended,281690,26154886,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Avatar Buscemi,worst ♥♥♥♥ing Avatar game this game brings shame to the others the developers should be so ♥♥♥♥ing ashamed of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,281690,28642783,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,te flesh,The camera in the second mission sucks and I could not find my way out to save my life.
,Recommended,281690,25718712,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,J.C Denton.,"Liked the show, like this game.At this price, it's a solid game to sink a few hours into."
,Recommended,281690,20242188,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Toby Larone,"30 hours, 100%. ez sqeez lemon"
76561198012460247,Recommended,281690,20055759,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Israel Kamakawiwo'ole,If this game is on sale or gets to under $10 then its a must buy. Got a short easy story the first time through. But then there is an Extreme mode and the pro-bender game mode. Although short lived this game was a joy while it lasted.
76561198092626720,Recommended,281690,25734609,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,jquirognew,"Although I am giving a recommendation on this game, I would like everyone to keep in mind that it does get repetitive after a while.  However, the main issue I have with the game is that roll an counter buttons don't always respond tightly.  If you are able to contact Activision, please let them know.  Other than that, it is possible to get around the camera angle issues.  If you do feel like playing this game, go ahead.  Just remember that the game isn't easy, you need to master counterattacks on higher difficulty settings, and there is not much replay value.  Despite all of the game's flaws, I would rather play this over The Legend of Korra: A New Era Begins."
,Recommended,281690,13385905,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TheCitizenKaneOfGamers,Simplied Platnum game but still very good.
,Recommended,281690,13396767,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jahmarb,This was is great! Bending was really easy to pick up and the combo animations are outstanding.  I couldn't stop playing and I was really sad when I completed the game. I recommend this game if you're a Nickelodeon Avatar fan.
,Recommended,281690,13294908,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,J O F,"It's a quality game designed by a small company and published by Activision. Solid artwork, fluid movements and not-so-hard-to-master commands makes each fighting scene unique and fun. The events of the game occur in the three weeks between what happened in the second and third seasons of the seriesPros:-Entertaining title for a somewhat cheap price-Good replayability and unlocks-Good ArtworkCons:-Can't change the buttonset-Short campaing, they could've done more-Voice acting in english is rubbish"
,Recommended,281690,13787736,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LPC,"If u r a fan of the series u will love the game, if not u will think it is between mediocre and ok........LoK for the win!!!!!!!"
76561198070761992,Recommended,281690,13399700,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Archanta,"a good game, sadly the story is pretty short. i have fun for 5-6 hours, then the story ends.the controls are easy, the episodes are very enjoyable.the downside is the story that is to short"
,Recommended,281690,13367942,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,rebeccaDS,"Controls were a little hard for me to work with, but I don't have a controller :(I thought it was a really enjoyable game for the price. As a huge fan of both LOK and TLA it was definitely worth it :)"
,Recommended,281690,13375656,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,:!),Firebending10/10
,Recommended,281690,16512130,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kiv,"apart from the murderous rage inducing Pro-Bending tutorial,the game is fun and provides me with my Legend of Korra fix.KORRASAMI 5eva!"
76561198027960012,Recommended,281690,12605085,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Alluhaibi,"If you watch the show this game is for you , and if you don't it's a great beat'em up game maybe short  the only complain is that every time i die i had to sit through the intro of the enmies annoying as hell . Tottaly woth the 15 $"
76561198101279173,Recommended,281690,13710967,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Physonic,ITS SO MUCH FUN !
,Recommended,281690,13697433,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,dead,"Man, this game is hard"
,Recommended,281690,13606518,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Succubutt,"Great game for a great show, good job devs! Hope you make sequel cause I'm ready for it."
,Recommended,281690,16940621,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sp1Cy,"The Legend Of Korra is an  Action-Adventure , beat'em up style game , developed by Platinum Games and published by Activision.Visuals & performance : The graphics are nothing special . They are really simple but that's not necessarily a bad thing. First of all , they bring the player closer to the series, since they are really cartoony. Additionally , they make the game much easier to run. In terms of performance , the game runs fine but it could run even better since it doesn't really seem demanding anyway. The 60 FPS cap lock which seems to be implemented didn't really affect my experience , since the game rarely dropped below that number. To sum up , the graphics of the game are simple and nice, the game runs properly   and I didnt' encounter any game-breaking issues or bugs at all.Story : Not much to be said here. The story is not interesting at all, It doesn't follow the sries storyline and it's just boring. It's a completely stand-alone chapter which follows its own story , written by Platinum Games. In a nutshell, you are trying to reacquire your bending since it was removed from you from some random guy which then invades the spirit wolrd and  you got to stop him,which is not even original at all .If you are looking for an intriguing or captivating storyline with suspense don't buy this game.Gameplay: The gameplay is the field where this game succeeds the most at but at the same time has its biggest flaws. The combat is really arcade and feels good because it really suits the game. The level design is well though but becomes repetitive after a while. Bending is fun and feels satisfying. The boss battles are incredibly difficult and unfair and you will most of the times need to try quite a bit to beat them. The developers apparently were to lazy to come up with new characters everytime , since after you clear the waves of enemies , you have to deal with the same 3 bosses almost everytime so you can get to the next level. The combat will also get extremely repetitive overtime. Moving on, there is a shop where you can buy upgrades and potions for Korra to use in battle which many times came in handy to me. There are some mini-games , like racing with naga in the story line which can be fun and there is also Pro-Bending scenes implemented in the story but also doable after you have completed the game , which are incredibly enjoyable,tl;dr : This game succeeds in the most of the gameplay aspects , but fails at presenting an interesting storyline. The visuals are fine and the performance good enough. If you are hardcore fan or you simply like the Legend Of Korra , you will most likely enjoy the game ,despite of how repetitive it can become."
76561198054517188,Recommended,281690,12994345,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,HeavyARBro74,Fans of the cartoon should............... love this game
76561198183580715,Not Recommended,281690,16947146,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,thaisacoliveira94,"I just bought and i can't play, it appears the warning: Wrong steamID. WTF???"
,Recommended,281690,32149723,Posted: 3 June,all,Parasyte,"Tis game is really♥♥♥♥♥♥because, when I installed this game didn't launched. this si my coment this game is shiiitt"
,Not Recommended,281690,18286243,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TheThoughtEater,"I really didn't think it was possible, but Platinum made a bad game."
,Recommended,281690,33543530,Posted: 14 July,all,Al3nnSi,"Not bad at all, even tho all the game everything was easy, and the last boss starts being a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,281690,27428371,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grim,it's a decent game. although a the story mode is a little short. full price of the product is too much i guess. it will be nice if the game is updated with more story/chapters.
,Recommended,281690,29250897,Posted: 14 January,all,NickBigButt,its good
76561198087993129,Recommended,281690,20018714,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Amazo Potato,It's Great For Killing Time
,Recommended,281690,15766321,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,🍔TekNiko🍟,Feels just like the cartoon! I don't really watch the cartoon
76561198066679370,Recommended,281690,16501101,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,OswalD,Ubisoft wishes they could make a game as good as this.
,Not Recommended,281690,24589681,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Echo Storm,"Spends 2 hours doing a level, game crashes. Restarts, does level for another 2 hours, crashes. 10/10 game highly recommended."
76561198255468308,Not Recommended,281690,22598830,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,jerezcan,"This game is ridiculous, the battles are so obsurd. It's one constant impossible battle after another till you've wasted hours of re-doing battles over and over again till you realise your a slave to this piece of junk game. The battles are so drawn out that you finally beat a bunch of tough guys then they throw more at you and there's no health so you die and you have to do it all over again. I hate this game so much, you can't even change the difficulty which I set at normal and thats stupid hard. I feellike it's a chore, no fun at all. So you manage to beat the impossible battle then you're like ok few now i can have some fun then BAM, right deep into another hardcore near impossible battle. There's no forgiveness, you're supposed to be some bad♥♥♥♥♥bender babe but even the basic noname punk in a generic bad guy suit beats your♥♥♥♥♥with a whimpy one two punch. Oh and they keep throwing the same 3 dumbass bender bad guys at you and you keep beating them so they just throw them at you again later with more bad guys attached to them? I hate it and thats just my opinion. If you play this game I would recommend you play it on easy as normal difficulty makes me want to destroy my laptop and bash my face on the table, thankfully I will delete this horrid maggot filled♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game before it comes to that. Cheers. Red Flag warning."
,Recommended,281690,24543429,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ragmes,It's a great game graphically well control is a good story is a good gives 10/10 :).
76561198094533720,Not Recommended,281690,22575397,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Endoffashion,dont play this game it makes me nerveous
76561198028615298,Not Recommended,281690,22111303,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Honya,"The game itself isn't so bad, Making a 40 minute bossfight with no checkpoint, that's bad.Seriously, my hand hurts from smashing the buttons.Graphics is okay, gameplay is fine, but not really unique or entertaining. You just keep mashing the buttons until win.You can switch between 4 different style( the bendings ), which is nice, but each style has only a several combos. So you're basically stuck with pressing X all the time.Again, it's not bad, and could've been better if they didn't make long fights without mean of hp regeneration( except the 3 potion per checkpoint ), but like this, it's more frustrating than enjoyable."
,Recommended,281690,23590724,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,skimsy,gg
76561198065234351,Not Recommended,281690,26082177,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Arcos,"I tryed this game and i have to say, first advice you getf rom it get a controler. Couse ther reaction time for keyboard is a joke and sometimes it just gets ignored. Also no option to change controls at all, you have to play with te presets.Some counters in my opinion are not possible if your reactio time is not that of a progamer, also the whole fightingsystem is based on press counter at the right time, which is even worse. I would recomand go buy a boardgame instead of this."
,Recommended,281690,26845587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,STEFAN,It's a yes from me
76561197968332649,Recommended,281690,16914096,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Martinos,"Fast-paced, challenging and fun!  A video game based on a childrens cartoon about kicking♥♥♥♥♥all over the world!  The enemies can get a bit boring and repititive but theres enough depth that ther game itself still remains fun as you're learning and mastering the skills and the 4 elements, and completing the challenges along the way that introduce a seperate layer of complexity.  The medal/scoring system in the game is kinda wonky and not really explained well to highlight what gives you the proper points, so doing gold medal runs is a pain, but it doesn't remove from the overall enjoyment very much if you just move on from it.  Definitely recommended for a fun action romp, just do yourself a favor and do your first playthrough on casual!"
,Recommended,281690,12624247,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"the pros-P*-the combat mechanics is akin to Dante in DMC4 in that you can switch ""styles/elements"" on the fly to extend combos.But I wish P* had mapped the elements to the D pad instead of using LB/RB solely for the fact if the elements were on the D pad you could switch to an element directly with no delay ie having to be skipping over one.imo.The D pad mapping is why in DMC4 switching styles with Dante is so much better, faster, easier than switching elements with Korra in this game.the consits a very short game. very short. but its $15 and not a triple A $60 game. so its a minor complaint.i hope Platinum, Nickelodeon, and Activision produce another Korra game thats a full $60 triple A experience the 2nd time around"
,Recommended,281690,16930280,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Slyzer3<Useless Potato,The legend of korra.All that needs to be said!
76561198011203008,Not Recommended,281690,34266373,Posted: 15 August,all,vasari1212,"one of the worst cameras in any fighting game,avoid like the plague"
76561198013256647,Recommended,281690,17046764,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,"It is designed similarly to many successful games such as dynasty warriors ~ It is not hard to see developer is playing safe. I'm glad this didn't suck as the movie did years ago....The story is aimed not only to fans but every other people who are new to benders ---(such as me)The combat mechanism reflects the story quite well. However, it could be deeper.The Pro-bender match is a good attempt.The whole game is overall well delivered at such a price."
,Not Recommended,281690,33866272,Posted: 28 July,all,kapperbeast,"half the time the camera moves on its own, half the time you control it, but its impossible to know when which is gonna happen"
76561197964988617,Recommended,281690,27361376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Heil Titler,Sexy Bae
76561198044253781,Recommended,281690,12678415,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,XenpL3xity,"Although the game itself is not very long, I really enjoyed it being a fan of both the original avatar and korra. The combat system is very similar to a dragonballz game which is not bad. There are a few variety of moves and each element has a different feel. The pro bending addition improves the game to the nth degree since the story line is only about 4 hours long. Its a pure linear game so don't expect to be walking around the streets and talking to people etc. Its not skyrim or fallout..."
,Recommended,281690,13550982,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Laffer Curve.™,"If i was Korra, I would play with myself all day. Literally, this game. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,281690,20373201,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Depsyy,"Stay away fromThe Legend of Korra™In this game you are forced to play as Nickelodeon's own strong independentwoman called Korra, who is by far the worst avatar in the history of all avatars.AI shows you middle finger on harder difficulties andyou start to think, how unfair a game can really be.Story that can be finished in 4 hours or so, unlocks you Pro-bending mode,which is just arena type of bending matches against AI. Incredibly boring experience.The Legend of Korra offers hardly any entertainment for 15€price tag and shouldn't be bothered with at all."
,Recommended,281690,19933461,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,masterdeni,how l play with gamepad
76561198160872638,Not Recommended,281690,18207528,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,dat dbz fan,I cant play it on windows 10 for some weird reason
76561198118233633,Recommended,281690,22477326,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Comrade Stalin,"Very Nice, Good, Fun, and a dream come true, if you're a fan."
,Not Recommended,281690,26584377,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Storm,"See this play time? I've beaten this whole soul-less game in that amount of time, including all 3 pro bending difficulties. It did have some enjoyable moments for sure, but go spend your money on a game thats actually complete."
,Recommended,281690,34702864,Posted: 2 September,all,Guess I'll die,"Fun short game, nothing too invotive and story is trash but fun to play if you're looking to try something cheap and short, like I completed the game in one session."
76561198056357544,Recommended,281690,34638288,Posted: 31 August,all,Half-Life 3,the last airbender is better
,Recommended,281690,16191787,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Shadow the Edgehog,AWESOME game with sexy goddess! 10\10!Haven't seen such fluent control in ages!
,Not Recommended,281690,14770096,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Supa_Kappa,"This is not a good game. I am happy enough with it given the price-point and the fact that the license is well utilised but boy, there are way better games in the same genre on Steam that you should play instead, like all the DMC games for example."
,Not Recommended,281690,22288617,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Seith The Sloth,"This game has almost 2 hours of gameplay on it and you fight the same 4 bosses like 99% of the time. I recommend getting this game on sell if you're a true Avatar fan and love the show. I did not enjoy this game, do not be a me and buy this game and feel like a fool in the long run."
,Recommended,281690,15684825,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ReBoot,"Save for the camera controls (you have to use them as the camera doesn't bother showing you the action by itself), good spectacle fighter."
76561197987319836,Recommended,281690,23713680,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Z 28_Mechanic Eng of Q8,"Nice gameplay, nice graphics.overall very nice game"
76561198027933694,Recommended,281690,23836630,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[N]itrous[O]xide,"My daughter really liked it, we are huge Korra fans, hopefully they'll make a game for the legend of Aang like this one"
,Recommended,281690,23780668,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lezotho,"Cool concept, it's short and repetitive, though."
,Recommended,281690,17006183,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,John Wick,"interesting game...just download if you are korra fans :Di hope this game has update like we can use bollin and mako or other character, not only korra ~~"
,Recommended,281690,13474621,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Spice Must Flow,Metaru Benda Raijingu: Korrajensu
,Not Recommended,281690,28618891,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mjmacky,"I only decided to risk it once the price went down to $7.50. Even then, I'm a bit disappointed in this purchase. I finished story mode twice (different difficulties), I'm about halfway through the highest difficulty (working toward third time completion), and I've beaten all difficulty levels of the Pro-Bending mode. This is all in less than 9 hours. I've already unlocked everything, so there's kind of no point for me to keep playing.Destinations aside, the ride wasn't all that fun. Once you get to the ""final boss"", you basically repeat fight sequences (illusion or dream state) you had an earlier chapters before you can fight him. It was at that moment I felt just how lazy the game was structured. That would have been fine if the game played well up to that point, but it didn't. The only reason I went through the story again is because I finally had all my bending abilities unlocked, which was at such a late point in the original run. What was really stupid was I still had to complete the ""tutorials"" for unlocking bending abilities that I had already unlocked when playing the story mode the first time. It's a very annoying and nonsense design.Lastly, I would have never reviewed or voted on this game if it weren't for how much I hated the Naga running sequences that you're forced to do in between levels. There are only three chapters out of the eight total that have these running sequences integrated, but they are so unrewarding and uninteresting that it feels they consume way too much of your playtime. As I finished that last Naga run I would ever have to do while working toward 100% game completion, I thought, ""I wish I never bought this game."" The frak were they thinking?"
76561198056873791,Recommended,281690,12872867,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Γαῖα,"The legend of korra while feeding the fan base, does little to feed the gamer in this outing.Join korra as she embarks on a journey to thwart the bad guys while reclaiming her powers that are rather coincidently taken away at the beginning.The action flows as does control of korra and thus allowing the player to flow seamlessly from move to move. She comes equipt throughout the game with her usual powers including right near the end, her avatar state.Where the fun really begins though is once you clock the game and gain the new difficulty level along with game plus so as to ignore the story and be imbued with all the avatar powers straight off of the bat.On the negative side, the game story is weak which doesnt help when the player discovers its not very long either. Others have mentioned half a game equals half the price and i would be inclined to agree.Well the game play is fun and works without fault so heres hoping they make another but perhaps this time include way more powers like lava, metal and blood bending along with each having way more moves.Not the best but none the less a game with potential."
,Recommended,281690,35352533,Posted: 30 September,all,MitchellR456,G8 init
76561198140258230,Recommended,281690,12625085,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Vacuo,12/10 would bend again
76561198061057531,Not Recommended,281690,13249879,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Prolivera,"I am honestly a little bewildered by why this game is so highly recommended by people on Steam. It's pretty terrible, and most non-Steam review sites agree.It looks good, and I enjoy watching the animated sequences. Her attack moves are pretty cool, too. Aaannd that's about it for positive notes. The battles are either repetive or stupidly difficult, you can access the item shop if you die BUT you can't actually equip the items to use them without restarting from your last save rather than retry your current fight/scene (so why is the item shop even an option after dying??), and it just got so annoying I've already decided to quit playing and let the game sit idle in my library.ETA: the game also tells you to skip cutscenes or exit out of certain things you have to hit the spacebar, but it's actually the ESC key. I know it's optimalized for a controller rather than a keyboard, but JFC game get your own controls straight.If you're jonesin' for more Korra after the series ends, I guess this isn't the worst option but it'll probably just kill your mood for it. Among game review websites, the verdict is unanimous: this game is crap. I agree. Don't play it. Save your money if you haven't bought it yet and just don't."
,Recommended,281690,12839108,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Overclocked Potato,Worth it for a $15 game.
76561198041875552,Not Recommended,281690,16507739,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Blueprint,a generic meh-ish button musher.
,Not Recommended,281690,26321978,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Depressed Vader,"While The Legend of Korra is quite the beautiful and well produced game, it lacks in content and story. I was able to finish the story mode in roughly five hours, taking all the time of the world to collect whatever I could (and dying several times for not remembering what button did what).Though it lacks the depth of other games, it sure is a fun way to pass your time - if you are angry and would like to let your wrath rain down on mere peasants this game could be for you.As all/almost all games originated from a Nickelodeon cartoon, this was too a faux pas.Definetly not worth what was paid for it."
,Recommended,281690,12598741,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Firestw152,"The Legend of Korra is a great game, you can't go wrong with the $15 dollar price tag. The story is nice and the combat is great. the scenery is pretty and the music is from the show which is fantastic. Definitely recommend especially with the $15 price tag."
,Not Recommended,281690,16933987,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Mu'Ammar of Carthus,"Publisher: ActivisionDeveloper: Platinum gamesUnfortunately, it feels a lot more like an Activision product (i.e quick cash-grab) than a Platinum games one."
,Recommended,281690,23358845,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raur,Who doesnt want to be a bender?
,Not Recommended,281690,16438886,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Squishy,Unplayable with a mouse+keyboard.Only buy if you are a hardcore fan of the serie I guess... not worth a single cent.
,Not Recommended,281690,16547507,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Heathens,"The bending is nice but your enemies are over powered as ♥♥♥♥, you have to retry every time.You have to play on Korra's stupid bison which really sucks.Story is terrible."
,Recommended,281690,34401819,Posted: 21 August,all,Hoolygan,good game
,Recommended,281690,23783012,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shaoraa,Its worth the money
,Not Recommended,281690,15683719,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Giant Dad°,"Just don't buy it, it's not worth it at all. If you know what you're doing it's about a 3 hours gameplay, and to be honest; it's not much of a game. Empty. Unforgiving. Bad."
,Not Recommended,281690,15635617,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Makorus,"Literally made by Platinums C team holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥what the ♥♥♥♥ is this game like the combat is nice but then its like ""haha we throw 500 enemies at you at once also the camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥also it seems like there is only one boss and it shows up more than once in every chapter""like what the ♥♥♥♥ platinum i get that you were working on bayonetta at the time but I mean come on."
,Recommended,281690,28202896,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,radekb,Suprisingly good action / beat-em up game.Worth playing - 7/10
,Recommended,281690,12649335,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Holla die Waldfee,"Well, it's a very nice 15$ Game."
76561198041819853,Recommended,281690,12973600,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[Aks] Jihyo,"This game is awesome. It is so good, I cried of happyness when I played it at first. It is also very fascinating and awesome for Avatar fans. I totally recommend it for cool people. Btw, Gerrynator(vzla) is awesome, so add him on steam, he sill gift you a free game if you are friends with him. The elgend of Korra game is awesome!!! I really recommend it!!!"
,Not Recommended,281690,16606776,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ebonweaver,"The style is great, everything is very engaging, but the controls are absolutely terrible.  Mainly, the issue is this game REQUIRES a console controller, do NOT buy this for PC without one.  If you could remap the controls it might be playable, but that's not an option for some bizarre reason.  Even on easy this game is impossible at a point due to the control issues, and seeming failures of controls for some reason.  For example, you can block attacks against peons, but not bosses, for no apparent reason.  Several moves that seem like they should be impressive, are just asking for a beating, like jump attacks (they always fail and you always get knocked down trying to use them).  So, once you get to the point of fighting 3 bosses at once, which is rather early in the game, you're pretty much done.  Additionally, the game constantly stops combat or action at a critical point with a message about how to do something, which invaribly means you immediately screw up what's next because of having to hit enter and get your hands back to the main controls.  Again, NOT for PC unless you have a controller I guess, wish it had said this like some games do."
,Recommended,281690,31445251,Posted: 29 April,all,Yunie,if you like DMC play this game the battle system is almost similar in my POV
,Not Recommended,281690,20207770,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Git Gud,- Repetitive combat and bossfights- Poor combat scenario design- Almost no story writing- Bad voice actors
,Recommended,281690,13092957,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,G.I. Go Home,I don't know where all the blue people are but besides that minor detail the game is solid. Better than the movie 11/10
76561197987494077,Recommended,281690,13911748,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,richard,"Enjoyable but lacking in depth, for my full review see herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsdhINOgSWs"
,Not Recommended,281690,13956189,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Draktura,"no important story, only fighting... really boring... the old avatar games for ps2 are MUCH better"
,Not Recommended,281690,16092596,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cryomagma,"The Legend of Korra is an extremely repetitive, simplistic game that offers almost no variety. There are very few enemy types, and they usually only differ visually in color. Frequently when a group of enemies appear, a long, intrusive cutscene is shown to introduce them. It's a jarring distraction from the repetitive combat that has few moves and animations. Even starting the game takes a long time due to the title screens and notices.With a mouse and keyboard, controlling the characters is a frustrating, awful experience. Rapid key presses in the Naga segments are often unresponsive. Korra's continuous running and a slow camera makes fine movements impossible. Being accurate in combat comes down to locking onto enemies and hoping Korra's bending hits the desired target. There are no settings that can noticeably improve the controls. For a PC port, the overall number of options that can be changed is a joke.The amount of customization in the game is very limited, from the game settings to Iroh's shop that can be accessed in between chapters. The chapters themselves are boringly linear and are tied together with a really simple plot, explained with a slight sprinkle of cinematic cutscenes. Although the cartoon has beautiful animation, none of it is found in the video game. What the game offers in terms of story and engagement is only an empty shell of the TV show."
,Not Recommended,281690,30359475,Posted: 6 March,all,Grrnet,"Well, i bought this game thinking that is similar to the games of the the last airbender of ps2, they are great! But this, well, it have some problems, bugs and it gets boring too fast. By the time i bought this game, i didn't know that i could take my money back, waste of money...But, if you are trully the fans of the Avatar's saga, you should buy it, but you may know that you will hardly get any fun with it :sans:"
,Recommended,281690,29047125,Posted: 5 January,all,Zuper Zonicol,+1
76561197997908252,Not Recommended,281690,22803074,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Revo,repetitiv..
76561198224382120,Recommended,281690,19004941,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Holyyeah,Good
76561197965205931,Recommended,281690,12636881,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,digidomo,"The Legend of Korra is a solid experience that doesnt throw many surprises your way. Get it if like action/adventure games and want something you can beat in a weekend. If you are a fan of the tv series, you'll just appreciate the tie-ins even more!"
76561198046887509,Recommended,281690,12637816,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Electric_Eclipse,"great game for the price, controls are spot on. camera can be a little frustrating if your playing on keyboard, play with a controller if you have one. the game is a little on the short side and enemy variation is lacking, but again it is a budget game. I've only beaten it on the easiest mode so far but its a joy to play I recommend giving it a try."
,Recommended,281690,12637990,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Emerald,"A short but fun little beat em up, and for fans of the series who've wanted to feel what it's like battling with a mastery of bending the elements, it's the best way yet. Not without it's issues, the gameplay is fun and even can be challengeing, but never frustrating. Give it a go if you like Avatar and aren't expecting a good story, but some fun bending combat."
76561198092179686,Recommended,281690,12643783,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,pkrisnin,"Excelent game, not overpriced like naruto.  If you are a fan of the animation then you must get this game"
,Recommended,281690,12644385,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,treekanicko,"Not a great Avatar story, but getting to romp around as Korra for a 4-5 hours is pretty awesome. As a fan, I would be really happy if Nickelodeon decided to ask Platinum to make another one of these (just more budget/dev time, please!)Fans of Avatar: Go buy it out of 10.Everyone else: 6/10P.S. This game is hard. Remember to charge your attacks."
,Recommended,281690,12645121,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,kingkristian25050,EPIC!!!!This game is so amazing i been playing it since i bought it.. I Really hope everyone else enjoy's it as much as I do.... ONLY!!!! REQUEST!!! PATCH PRO-BENDING FOR ONLINE PLAY!!! it would suck to have to pay for this feature but i dont think people will mind because its (THE LEGEND OF KORRA ONLINE)
76561197971636604,Recommended,281690,12645179,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jepu,"Do you like other stuff from Platinum Games? If yes, you'll like this also.It has a sort of a low budget sponsored side project feel to it, but the gameplay is as solid as you'd expect from Platinum Games. The game is not all that easy on normal, but the difficulty doesn't feel unfair at any point.Easily recommendable at this price point."
76561198027888111,Recommended,281690,12646481,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Scarmasta,"This game is amazing. This is certainly recommended for avatarfans. Everything is still original, same voice-actors, same places, music from the series and etc.If people make games from shows, I hope that they follow the example of this game.(ps: I mean that everything is the same thing from the show but you are the protagonist)"
,Recommended,281690,12646893,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Dafty,"Short, but very fun. Worth the $15 that I paid. There is not much substance to this game - you are guided through the whole game on where to go and what to do. All you are tasked with is fighting your opponents, but the combat is rewarding and bosses are challenging. The final boss fight took me about 20 tries, which I think was the sweet spot between frustration and a challenge.Sometimes the game can get frustrating because the combat is a little unforgiving if you do not block/counterattack your opponents. But after you get the groove of the game, it is quite enjoyable. I just wish it was either longer, or taken on more of a free-roaming feel rather than a fight simulator.Either way, I loved this game for the price - totally worth it. Especially if you like The Legend of Korra in the first place."
76561198053258981,Recommended,281690,12647704,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,0009,Very qualitative beat 'em up.
,Recommended,281690,12648512,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Sampsonay,"This was the best $15 i have spent in awhile, i almost feel bad for buying at this price lol. At first i was a bit shaky about buying a game based on a TV show due to past experiences... but this time around i was wrong, really wrong. It's really obvious that Platinum Games had more serious gamers in mind while developing the in-game fighting mechanics while at the same time, keeping it appealing to all the fans of the TV show. The story fits in well with the show's if you have been watching it, and if you havent, then you're probably gonna WANT to start watching it after playing through all the epic moments in this game.On the other hand, the only thing i personally wish they had added is multi controller, LAN, and online multiplayer support. It would have made this game alot more enjoyable in the long run and would fit so well with the pro bending mode and even with the fighting mechanics from the main storyline in a mini arena of some sort. Other than that i would really recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good action packed game!"
,Recommended,281690,12649587,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,OriginalNameHere.exe,"Awesome game for people who follow Legend of Korra and/or Avatar The Legend of Aang!Even If you've never watched either the game is still great.It's challenging, great animations and good storyline :D"
,Recommended,281690,12649680,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Slowbro,"Platinum Games have a bit of a following these days because they are extremely good at creating spectacle fighters with very tight fighting systems and in that respect they succeeded pretty well with Legend of Korra. Unfortunately, the rest of the game is pretty shallow. I still recommend this game to fans of platinum games or action fighting games in general because it is more good than bad but I wouldn't recomend it to people who are expecting a well written story or a beautiful game world, they are mearly just servicable. Which is a shame because the source material is incredibly rich, so as a fan it comes off as lost potential. The game is super fun when you get all 4 bending powers and you use them simultaneously, however, you unlock each bending style over time which kind of sucks. That being said, this is probably one of the best liscenced games ever made... but that really isn't saying much since liscenced games usually are abysmally terrible.Just for the record, I am a huge fan of LOK, a HUGE fan, but this little side story, doesn't really add anything interesting to the canon, which could be either a good or a bad thing depending on the perspective.Final thoughts: It's a budget game and it feels like a budget game, a competent one. It is fun to play for it's short duration. Also, this is a fairly terrible PC port, I mean it ran at a solid framerate but there is practically no graphics options and there is no rebindable keys/key control menu. I played with a Xbox 360 controller which I fully recomend for playing this game."
76561198066570554,Recommended,281690,12649976,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ArkDestroyer,"This game is so fun, if you are a fan of the show then you will spend hours bending like crazy. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,281690,12650067,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Frap,"Good game, enjoyable. Not the deepest of games, plot was super simple. I think they over did it on the cut scenes. Also, super short. I wish there was more content with less cut scenes. Overall it was okay."
,Recommended,281690,12650078,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Xero560,"Fun platinum game with an Avatar theme on a budget. If you came for just a story or a magnificent video game realized world, walk away."
,Not Recommended,281690,25078174,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hrv4tin4,Good game that mimics Naruto fighting system but it is really short...I finished it in 3h and I don't plan to get back in to the game...The rewards are not good enough
,Recommended,281690,15774310,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Oreo,"PROS:- A game for ALOK fans, very reccomended.- Great soundtrack.- Great voiceacting.-It's almost like ATLA when you have to learn all four elements of bending again, tiny spoiler.- Good story and the animation style is pretty great.- Buy the game if you're a huge fan of the Korra series.- I've been playing this game a bit and i love it.ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤCONS:- If you got a slow running old computer/laptop this game will run very slow for you.- Don't buy the game if you haven't seen all Korra seasons.- Controls are a bit hard but will get used to it.- Might be a bit buggy but still works if you restart a level.- Some levels might be hard but you will get through them if you try your chances at it."
76561198052907588,Recommended,281690,13014882,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,dannides,"Not bad, but not good.The difficulty is exaggerated in some parts of the story and repetitive, with scenes also repeated."
,Not Recommended,281690,25464873,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Cupkat3,"This is one of the worst games I have played as of late. With how great the show was, I expected a lot more of this game. The controls are horrible. I am playing on PC and as a person new to PC, it was difficult with the number of controls the game kept adding on. Battles were endless and towards the end impossible, the counter attacks rarely worked. There were basically no characters besides Korra and a poorly animated, floating Jinora who was more of a distraction then anything and Iroh who says all of two line in the store. The plot was poor and the settings were blah. I would not recommend this game to a kid, or to a fan of The avatar series as this was a poor addition to it."
,Not Recommended,281690,22682699,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,=),It wasn't bad but I got board at it
76561197966596934,Not Recommended,281690,21000698,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Raztag,"The game is great, the animation are great. In fact it is a really good game BUT no subtitle. The game is entirely in english.I dont have problem to read it usually. But I am a bit deaf. So I can understand all the sound.Really too bad.It is so easy to make subtitles. They were lazy and thats a shame. The game was so promising :/Pour les français : pas de traduction ou même sous-titres."
,Not Recommended,281690,17111451,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Skrat,"The Quick ReviewAlright, now that the tutorial is over, it’s time to do some bending and get this game going! … Oh, that was the end of the game …In a nutshell, that was my experience with this game.Combat is pretty fun, and difficult at times. In the beginning anyway.Game is ridiculously short.Story/cutscenes are laughableDid I mention this game was really short?The ReportSo I’ve made mention that this game was short, but just how short? 2.5 hours for me, and I’m a slow player. If I hadn’t goofed around a little bit and finished it under two hours, I would have returned it and got my three bucks back. It’s that disappointing. I’ll admit, I wasn’t a big fan of the Korra series to begin with. I loved the first Avatar series with Aang, and I also thought the first season of Korra was really good. After that, it just kind of went downhill in my book.This review is for the game though, not the show. You find yourself starting the game with no bending abilities thanks to those chi-blocker characters. Them, and some creepy old man who laughs a lot. You then proceed to run through the city, knocking out numerous chi-blockers and the three stooges from the Triple Threat. Then you hop on Naga and go for a little race.And that, my friends, is the entire game. You repeat the above process, unlocking your bending as you go. You fight more and more chi-blockers, and again the three stooges from Triple Threat. Over, and over, and over again. Ok, you do get to fight some spirits in the last level, where you also unlock your airbending and become godlike.Final boss fight? Annoying as balls and not very fun at all. Couple hits here, hops away, dodge, dodge, rinse and repeat.It had the potential, even with the cheesy dialogue, low quality cutscenes, and♥♥♥♥♥♥poor structure. I honestly felt as though the devs put all their effort into the combat system. Once they finished that, they just all thought “meh, I’m done. Let’s just get this thing on the shelves.” Such a shame too.I caught this on sale for three bucks, but even then I advise you not to waste your money unless you want to try and finish it under the two hour timeframe for the return. You can do it, for sure, just keep on eye on your playtime.Remember:Your money has the voice. If you pay to beta test, pay for DLC, fall for these silly pre-order “bonuses” and pay high prices for “new” games, the companies are going to keep using it to their advantage, taking away your hard earned money. The market is flooded with unfinished games and half baked goods. Do your research before buying, be patient, take advantage of Steam’s return policy, and guard your money carefully. Let your dollar make the statement, because it has the strongest voice."
,Recommended,281690,13904243,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Steven,dont even speak to me if you're not gonna play this
76561198000631364,Recommended,281690,16958947,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SteelLink HighBlade,highly recommended for Fans this game is Amazing when you get up to very hard mode be ready
76561198109669131,Recommended,281690,21492659,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Gogi,Cool beat 'em up game.
,Recommended,281690,13464822,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Vyktar,s'goodhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-PQgylNwGA
76561198195830328,Recommended,281690,15922476,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dwada,"if you came for a review you came to the wrong place but if you want to hear a cheesy joke you came to the right placeTeacher: ""Kids,what does the chicken give you?""Student: ""Meat!""Teacher: ""Very good! Now what does the pig give you?""Student: ""Bacon!""Teacher: ""Great! And what does the fat cow give you?""Student: ""Homework!""hehehe ;3"
,Recommended,281690,19706585,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ischyro Max,I loved the feeling of going into the avatar state.
,Recommended,281690,30895391,Posted: 2 April,all,uncannyASS,nice
76561198087734745,Not Recommended,281690,21488227,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,kaj,If you enjoy buttonmashing I'd recommend it
,Recommended,281690,23770610,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Douwert,Really fun game! Even more fun if you're an avatar fan!!!Can't leave it for 15 euro's!8.5/10
,Not Recommended,281690,16401621,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,melonbeton,"I´d like to give it a Yes but the boss-fights are too tedious. I can have that with Dark Souls - but this should be more story driven - and that doesn´t happen if I have to repeat each boss-fight several times in a long time. Ths story simply gets lost. You could spend this strategy solely on hardcore mode. I get bored by ""boss-fight"" games."
,Recommended,281690,12599305,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,╲⎝⧹Marvin42⧸⎠╱,it's a game based on an animated action show  with keyboard and mouse support.10/10 it's a good pc port.
76561198025263568,Not Recommended,281690,13318914,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Russel.,"seems that Nickelodeon has screwed the Korra franchise over once again. its not terrible, but just not what it could have been."
76561198018361440,Not Recommended,281690,16455377,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lightningblade,"Maps are liniar, boring, short, bad. But great potential if more than 1 person would work on this game."
,Recommended,281690,16157750,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Last_Hound,"Awsome game, always wanted to see lesbians in action."
,Recommended,281690,13456605,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,hatchet5891,"I absolutely love this game. It is short, but it is to be expected of a 15 dollar game. The story I thought was really good but maybe could have had a little more depth added to it. I kind of wish that you could have played through the story with team Avatar. I think this would have been so much better to have Mako, Bolin, and even Asami fighting along side of Korra.The bending looks great and switching between the different elements is easy and quick. After completing the story, you can select continue and play through the same story but you get to keep all of your elements levels and unlocks, so even though the game begins with you  not having any bending, you get to have all of the bending unlocked on you second play through. I don't know why everybody really says this game is bad, I mean sure you fight enough mecha tanks, but they aren't that bad and I feel like they add just enough challenge for the game that I can't just fly through it in 5 minutes. The parts with Naga are a little boring, but they aren't very long and I have played worse in other games.The pro-bending arena is a good addition and is pretty fun. It really only offers so much though. You fight against the same teams in the same order on each difficulty and they all fight pertty similar to each other. All in all, it is a nice addition and fun to play if you just want a quick play and only be able to water bend, but it is pretty basic.If you are a fan of the legend of korra, and go into buying this game know that it is a 15 dollar game and isn't going to offer the content that a 60 dollar game does, then you will love this game. If you are expecting some high quality produced game, then save your money or pick this up on a sale.I rate this a 9/10 simply for the lack of depth of the story telling."
,Recommended,281690,13181118,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Darkwalker,Очень хорошая игра. Must have для фанатов сериала!!!
,Not Recommended,281690,17669932,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Seph,"Completely half-arsed, buying because it's from Platinum Games is a trap."
76561198285475878,Not Recommended,281690,23417392,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MuffinM,I couldn't believe this difficulty...
,Not Recommended,281690,24014001,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Scientists,STORT TERLALU PENDEK
,Not Recommended,281690,15260075,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DJ Drafty Taft (feat. Frogs),Making a mindless button masher that's this hard is a pretty terrible combo. You'll find yourself just brute forcing most of the game even on easy. The fact that it's hard is only a knock against it because it would be repetitive enough even if you weren't already literally made to repeat large parts. I give it a meh out of whatever.
,Recommended,281690,16748065,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ★ ★ ☆
76561198077515017,Recommended,281690,12620392,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Natsu/Eddieal5592,AWSOME JUST AWSOME 9/10!!!!
,Recommended,281690,12647370,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Granatenei,Worth the money and very fun to play!Can't wait to unlock pro-Bending :)
76561198045451948,Not Recommended,281690,23604961,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dokal,"I couldn't imagine that huge bugs. In option menu, using directionnal stick to the left or right, to change display parameters block the game. If like me you play in fullscreen, it is impossible to exit the game even using alt f4, echap or ctrl maj echap... So the only way to escape from this is to reboot the computer. Unbelievable. Unaceptable. I won't recommande this game to anybody and won't recommand any PlatinumGames. Shame on Activision to publish untested games."
,Recommended,281690,22462301,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ManolisGr2001,One of the best games i've ever played! 8/8 and for Osama 9/11
,Recommended,281690,16112489,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Punished Jake from state farm,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
76561198103917044,Not Recommended,281690,22922018,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ma_chambo,"PROS:It's Korra.CONS:Very RepetativePoor diffuclty balancing (really inconsistant)Poor camera implementationRandom ""mini-games"" and a Zelda style ""pot breaking"" mechanic don't fit in well with the Avatar universe.Korra's constant comments (repeats the same quips over and over again)CONCLUSION: I got the game for $5 on sale. Not sure it was worth the grind but if you're dying for a little more Avatar story I guess you could find more enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,281690,26217875,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,deelawn,"The only reason why I bought this game was for the extra citscenes and extra story, but this game is approximately on par with Superman 64Could not bear to grind my way through this game just to experience the story."
,Recommended,281690,20129658,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WEE WOO,10/10 i cri evrtme
,Not Recommended,281690,20109817,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gameone.narciso,"fun, but hard to play for a cartoon game. This game isn't for kids"
,Recommended,281690,22819880,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kimboslice,I really enjoyed this game. There were times were I just wanted to punch my monitor but in the end this game was perfect. I wouldnt recommend playing this game with a controller as it just makes it harder to play.
,Recommended,281690,30902369,Posted: 2 April,all,Kimsaw,Why else wouldnt you waste your money on this?
,Recommended,281690,13210215,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,NFUFUFUFU,"If only Korra was this capable in the actual series. Maxed-out, the Korra in this game eclipses her Avatar State feats from the show.Equip the Full Charge item to REALLY get stupid, especially with absurd infinite aoe/dps Airbending. Your standby for the big boss fights is going to be the range of Waterbending, though.Pro-Bending is easy to learn, hard to master. Watch out because the timer can often rob you, try and beat the other team before the timer reaches 0:05 instead of 0:00. Honing your counters and dodges becomes a must in Ace Difficulty or you WILL get stomped.The endgame boss is definitely a chore... so basically a standard Platinum Games boss.Chaos, son.I paid $15 for a game that I would have happily paid $25-30 for, and if it's on sale, so much the better.If Platinum did DLC or a separate game that actually chronicles the events of all Four Books, I'd buy it in a heartbeat.9.3/10, not enough Kuvira-sama"
,Not Recommended,281690,31157201,Posted: 15 April,all,Airoe,"Too short, boring repetitive gameplay, boring boss fights"
76561198064701610,Recommended,281690,13451876,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,As9ard,The fighting system is stellar. Switching the elements on the fly and doing endless combo's while having super tight blocks and dodges delivers a very enjoyable experience. The elements feel and control differently enough and open the possibility for awesome moves. There is definately a lot of attention placed on that.The art and music are also very faithfull to the show and it does feel like a continuation of the TV series.The story and the setting leave a lot to be desired though.
,Not Recommended,281690,14476999,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Melody Quill,"Terrible. It's obviously simply a port from console, which I wouldn't normally have a problem with, except that it was a really  bad one.There's no keymap, so if you don't have a controller, it's effectively trial-and-error to figure out how to play. Luckily, I had a controller! Unluckily, it wasn't an Xbox 360 controller. No other controllers work properly. My PS3 controller wouldn't work at all.There are no graphics options, so playing with high or low graphics isn't an option, and 'can I play?' is simply 'yes' or 'no'.Gameplay would be passable on console, but then in comes another problem. You can't get past the first major boss (after unlocking Waterbending) without items. If you fail the fight the first time, hey, don't worry, you can visit the shop! Unfortunately, to equip items you have to exit the level without saving, equip them, then play all the way through the level again. If you fail again, repeat.I haven't uninstalled a single game since I got a good computer. I just uninstalled this one.1/10, do not recommend. It gets a 1 for potentially being a good game on console."
76561198087544983,Not Recommended,281690,13149041,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Berdoyash,"This is quite short and awful game. It takes 4-5 hours to finish and you spend 2-2,5 hours to gain bending 4 elements skills. We should have started with all four elements and improve skills by time, not waste minimum 2 hours for gaining them. Enemies are same in every chapter so it feels like every chapter repeats another. This game is the definition of ""disappointing"". Don't buy this game order a pizza."
,Recommended,281690,12628380,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Husbando (Not yours),I hate 3 level
76561198056455633,Recommended,281690,12885319,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rubens,i wana be able to change to bolin or mako in the probending. that would be awsome. The best part of the game is the probending i did like casual but some of the levels were ridiculous
,Not Recommended,281690,13465486,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Zeb,Lazy and disapointing.
,Not Recommended,281690,23268535,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sutsro,"So so graphics, bad controls(optimized for consoles)  and nonsense diffuculty curve couldnt play more than an hour even tough i love the fantasy World, i doubt anyone can enjoy this..."
76561198022453351,Not Recommended,281690,13440818,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Coleslaw56,Whelp. That was disappointing.
,Not Recommended,281690,15231137,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Zeus.Sama;,"this is a great game for the younger generation. I'm mid 20's myself and enjoyed it, but it wasn't long at all. I actually beat the entire game in 1 sitting. Maybe 2.it's a fun adventure game.however. it's a short lived adventure as there isn't a ton of content but it's still enough to get you by.In all honesty, if they made this the Last Airbender, it would've been 10x better, cuz Korra is an idiot :DI recommend this, but at the same time i don't. It's good, it's just there isn't enough content. The game actually feels like it was rushed rather than completed. They could have made this game A LOT more than it is, but simply didn't.If i HAD to compare it to an adventure game, i think i'd compare it to Kingdom Hearts, but KingdomHearts kicks this games♥♥♥♥♥any day :Pdue to the fact i'm so borderline with this game, i won't recommend it to *real* gamers. this is more for casual gamers."
76561198006774834,Not Recommended,281690,16980877,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,The Smoking Fox,"Its wayyyy to repeatitive and boring. the fighting is fun for a minute but it gets boring. You will get very annoyed from the stupid camera, its a waste of your money i dont suggest it even while its on sale. Even the story lacks interest and the only thing they mightve done right is some of the cut scenes, some were interesting but thatd be it."
76561198194513942,Not Recommended,281690,15985587,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,zackmurtan,"I liked the game ,love it.But its too slow and i cant play it really wellso pleas help me."
76561198199019414,Not Recommended,281690,16394629,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Uween,"The reason I'm not reccomending this is more of a personal matter, why is there a graphics option if you can only keep it at normal? Seems a bit stupid to have it if you cant even change it to a lower setting so that you can actually play the game, instead I have to play in a sort of stupid slow motion setting. I wont change my review until this particular thing has, otherwise I most probably would have given it a yes."
76561198009316904,Recommended,281690,12619969,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cowabunga Cyborg Ninja Man,"This game is good.  Get it and you will feel good.But seriously ♥♥♥♥ the Naga stages.Love you Platinum games, and Korranetta."
76561198307636513,Not Recommended,281690,30968018,Posted: 5 April,all,Cereberal,"horrible, imposible to play without a controller for your pc."
,Not Recommended,281690,29625619,Posted: 1 February,all,Scoop of Strawberry Ice Cream,Mash X and occasionally dodge or parry on the same five enemies for 4-5 hours: The Game.
,Not Recommended,281690,13201818,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Neofactor,"No, it's not a good game. The game machanics are extremely outdated and the 15 min levels are really annoying. Even the characters involvement in particular game machanics don't make any sense..... Also the voice acting is really poor in comparison to the show (or typical games in general). I know it's only $15, but frankly I would have only paid 5 in retrospect...The pro bending is the only good part of this game. If it was local multiplayer it would be worth while.... but it's not."
,Recommended,281690,13277366,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,"Very nice game, especially for the fans of the cartoon.The game has a simple gameplay, but it works well.You could say that the game would be for kids, but it is actually a very challenging game (""f*cking hard"" is also a way to say it) . The last boss can be seen as an elemental gang bang.Go for it!"
,Not Recommended,281690,13221269,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Grandpa Trinity,"I'm a big fan of Avatar overall, I really loved the game at first, but looking back into it, it feels like rewatching avatar for the tenth time, it's nostalgic, but it's nothing new. I enjoyed playing as korra, but it is not worth 15 dollars. You watch every week's episode and you enjoy it for free, you pay 15$ for the game and it is almost as long as one episode, and then you leave it be. Because it's nothing extravagant. Just... That.Don't get trapped in the call for money of the developpers. They talked about making a second one if the fanbase really gave it some support, but it is clearly just a clever trick to fill the banks for their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monster hunter like game coming out soon.Don't get caught in the trap folks, there's much better game around."
76561197982628881,Not Recommended,281690,13844767,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,begbert2,"How it went:Ooh!  A Legend of Korra game!  Get!  Even though I don't really play fighting games and might be bad at it!Start it up: Oh, good, they have a casual setting.  Maybe I can actually play!Play for a while.  It's fun!  Not too hard, and I sort of actually get to feel like Korra (abeit without my bending).Get waterbending!  Neat!  Even better!Run into the giant mech.  What.  The.  Crap.  Can't do damage, constantly getting trashed.  Rage quit.Remembered that I'd put on the charm thing that trades experience for damage.  Slapped forehead, went back to the shop.  Traded out that bought all the healing items possible.Replayed giant mech.  After a few tries finally beat it!  Phew.  Got my earthbending.  No range, back to water.Three steps later I run into three benders.  They destroy me.  It takes seconds.  I'm constantly stunlocked.  Something pops up for a fraction of a second telling me to do quicktime events (QUICKTIME EVENTS!) to counter or dodge or something.  I even catch fraction-of-second glimpses of the cues for these events.  They're not doable.  I can't attack.  When I hit, it doesn't do but negligible damage.And this was just three benders!  Low-level street thugs!  And yet they're unbeatable.  Rage quit.  Uninstall.  Forget.Ratings:6/10 for graphics, voicing, possibly story.-1/10 for choppy difficulty even on ""casual"".-3/10 for quicktime events, which are a game's way of saying ""I suck, don't play me"".Final rating: 2/10.What a waste."
76561198154827677,Recommended,281690,12599016,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Gog_Noggler,a great game!!!!
,Not Recommended,281690,15226085,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Crazy Red Dusty,THIS ♥♥♥♥♥T IS GAY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥KKKKKKKK
,Not Recommended,281690,13218912,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ferrugio,don't waste your money and time with this
,Not Recommended,281690,30561780,Posted: 16 March,all,Frothy Milkshake,"Personally I found the game wonderful fun graphics, fast paced gameplay and a fun combat system. But thats really all I can say about this game in a positive light, To be honest I though the game was to short to be worth 15 dollars I beat the game in 3 hours. In addition the game lack divercity you fight green bad guys then red and you get the point they are almost all the same. As I said earlier the combat is fun until you learn all the moves off the back of your hand which does not take long. Dont expect a even half baked story but it makes up in gameplay. With all of this in mind I would not recomend this game at its current price."
76561198065528781,Not Recommended,281690,15653196,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Alby,Bad
76561198165596062,Not Recommended,281690,23271080,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ilay hahahahahahahahahah,"this game is very hard,frastrating and annoying.now,some games know how to make a game a rage game but make you still want to play it,this game does not.everytime you die you feel more angry and frastrated and you just want to close the game"
76561198118730846,Not Recommended,281690,15251489,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,amandac1978,when this game came out alot of people love the show. i though it going to be like the show it definetly hard too. but i know i liked the game i just not a fan of it i recommend it but then i dont.
,Not Recommended,281690,29748077,Posted: 6 February,all,Tiramisu,"Disclaimer, I have not spent 69 hours on the game. It was a chore to start up and always ended up playing in the background and wouldn't close, open, or anything. I had to restart my computer, dig through forums, and try numerous things to get this game to work on Windows 10.After I went through everything to get the game to even start, I was tired. The game is no frills basic. It is a button masher besides the bosses, the world is empty, the story is non existent, and the graphics are blah. The only thing I liked about this game was the probending. I love Korra, and I like playing as her, but this game is just a nogo. This game could have been great to, which makes it even more sour for me. The difficulty will spike between normal enemies ( which do not change besides color) and bosses. Just don't play it, but if you must have it buy it on sale. This is just an afterthought of a game.3/10. Could have been improved by adding a story, things to do besides beating up the same enemies, improving the controls, and adding life that we have seen in the animated series."
,Recommended,281690,12598349,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Rednextrz,AMAZING BUY NOW---------------------------It contains the average beat em up style whilst retaining the Legend of Korra rootsIts fun and quite addictive however does lack in some regardsFirst it is quite repetative and it isnt very longBut its justified as it it set at such a low priceI'd say to get if if you just want a game to pass a few hours but nothing intensive8/10Loved it!!
,Not Recommended,281690,13137616,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Pretty average in all aspects, I wouldn't get this unless you were a huge Korra fan."
,Not Recommended,281690,34807930,Posted: 7 September,all,Expert Button Presser,"It's a platinum game with platinum games' mechanics, but that doesn't make up for the bland artwork and setting."
,Recommended,281690,12622720,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Aren,pro-bending sux
,Not Recommended,281690,33924615,Posted: 31 July,all,OPgmaermate,it loots of lag on my computer and its not full screen
,Not Recommended,281690,21385123,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,ムゲン ☄,"One of the hardest games I've played... seriouslyGod this game... seriously. It's finishable for the first time in about 6 hours. The whole premise is pretty cool. However the story and gameplay is incredibly linear and all chapters have only one path to the goal. There's really nothing to 'explore' here and it's impossible to get lost when the path is pretty much always in front of you.I really had a lot of disappointments with this game. Firstly, unlike in the first Avatar game (on original Xbox) with Aang, where you get to talk to people and do quests, this game is entirely absent of ANY people, what-so-ever - except Korra. There's no Mako, Bolin, Asami or any one else for that matter - it's just you, Korra killing equalists and the Triad. In fact, funnily enough Jenora is the only person who actually speaks to the avatar, apart from the game's antagonist. There are a few cutscenes between each chapter start and end, but overall the game's plot is even less than 'half-baked' and doesn't work at all in contrast to the main story and lore.Bending the elements in new and awesome ways is cool and the graphics received a huge update obviously since the original Xbox Avatar Aang game. However the graphics still cannot be augmented in any way (with a good GPU and MSAA etc) and the game doesn't support resolutions over 1920x1080, at least I couldn't get it to play at 1440p or 4k.The most important thing to note however is the game's difficulty. This game is hard, in fact it's one of the hardest I've ever played. Now I'm no noob, I've finished Ninja Gaiden on hardest with barely any items and money, and I beat the last 2 bosses in a row with no items and only 20% health, so I couldn't take a single hit for either fight. But this game... it really is something else.This game is Ninja Gaiden on f_king steroids man. I selected Normal mode to start off with in order to unlock the achievements and because I figured that casual would be for kids who liked the show and that it would be too easy. But the game's difficulty scaling is absolutely insane. You start off and it's easy enough without too much trouble, but come Chapter 3, if you haven't bought the slow health regen item then you are completely screwed. You either have to sacrifice a slot for a passive upgrade (like extra damage or exp) for only 3 healing items (max). Or you permanently sacrifice one for the passive health regen and spend many fights just dodging around and jumping whilst you wait for your health to come back. The latter is a far better option but in fights where the 'arenas' are freaking tiny, and your enemies are HUGE or numberless, it can get pretty BS, pretty fast.I want to say it again, this game is hard. Likereallyhard. Sure it can be beaten in about 6 hours but it'll really frustrate you if you aren't used to playing games like this. It's been years since I even touched on a game that's even half as hard as ""The Legend of Korra"". Just when you think that the fight you just beat was unfair, they send in 3 more of the boss you just killed, PLUS 10 minions all who stop you from being able to charge you chi.So in the end the disappointments are pretty big.The game pretty much forces you to take certain upgrades to even have a CHANCE at winning.There's only a single and really 'obvious' path to every 'goal' in each chapter and with the absense of characters like EVERYONE except for Korra.I found that the game is really hollow and that one really can't get much enjoyment out of it.In addition to all this, the game is also probably 3 times shorter than the Avatar Aang, Xbox game and less enjoyable because there's no quests to do or anything.Don't buy this game if you cannot handle computer enemies doing ridiculous combos through your attacks, piling on top of you and killing you within mere moments. Don't buy this game if you expected to see any of the full Korra cast of characters. And finally don't buy this game if you haven't played and finished Ninja Gaiden or another similarly hard game after hundreds of attempts.For $3 on sale, and using money I made from skins and cases from CS:GO. This was a worthy buy for a few hours of enjoyment. I wouldn't reccomend it though because I think that real Avatar fans will find the experience quite disappointing and shallow."
,Not Recommended,281690,21353606,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,S_epp,The only time this game looks good is when its off
,Not Recommended,281690,23295900,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Yoitsu,"Extremely bad game due to an unbalanced difficulty : only mastering counters will make you finish the game, combos are useless. No replay value.The fluidity of the movements, do not make you overcome the duleness of the 2 button combos. Even the game ""Remember Me"" was more fun to master. And the ridiculous part of the game of which you run around the city on a huge animal, basically switching between 3 position (left/center/right) to pick up stuff, just completed my poor opinion on the game.Only if you REALLY like the cartoon Avatar will you find something of interest here. All other gamers, just pass by."
,Recommended,281690,12600716,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Vorobeiy,"Earth,Air,Fire,Water! That`s  AWESOME!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,281690,12977730,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,StrangeAxle,"Try it or whatever.  It's a good action game for what it is, I guess.  (lack of enthusiasm) but the last boss is the most boring cheapfest I've ever seen.  Also game tends to lag on the final boss, so trying to counter is absolutely pointless unless you're a ♥♥♥♥in' lucky assfag that has Leprechaun ♥♥♥♥ in your stomach.  6/10.  Okay, I guess for a $15 game.  Maybe I need to just GIT GUD, as autistic 12 year old Dark Souls f@gs would say these days.  But this game suffers from serious lag issues for graphics that are PS2 tier...  Recommendation?  I'd say Maybe if you can put up with input dropping in a single player experience.Platinum, I am disapoint."
,Not Recommended,281690,12598609,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Wiggles,"tl,dr: If you love the show, you'll find the game amusing. If you haven't watched it, you'll lose interest in the first level.Let me start by saying I love Korra. So far, my fanboy-ish-ness is the only thing that sucks me into this game. I don't love it, because it's tedious and kind of boring. But... I also don't hate it. I just can't tell who their target audience is... it seems way too hard for small children, but too boring for adults.The art and visuals of this game are fantastic, definitely in the spirit of the show. You feel like you're actually in the cartoon and it's beautiful.The gameplay, so far, is about as interesting as a bag of sand. I just beat level four and I was bored enough that I had to take a break. The other part of me is incredibly frustrated as the game is very inconsistent. It's either too easy or unfairly difficult.Almost right at the start you're plunged into a pro-bending match and your teammates get knocked straight out into the water (why?). You then get to spend a half hour constantly mashing the shoot water and dodge buttons until, almost by chance, you win.  You can't skip it. You have to win in order to play the rest of the game. I found this part incredibly frustrating and it killed my excitement.The first levels consist of running through the city from battle to battle, in which you are magically enclosed by invisible walls so you can't run away. Sometimes the enemies are incredibly weak and die after two smacks. Other times the exact same enemies are very strong for no apparent reason. Sometimes you feel like a totally badass Avatar. Other times you feel like a flimsy little rag doll. Either way it's quite repetitive and I'm not sure if I have it in me to finish.Korra's bending is gorgeous. It flows beautifully and is very well done. You don't have many options at the start but you can buy new moves with spirit juice that you collect for destroying stuff and killing enemies. Well, not killing. We all know there's never any killing in Avatar... the enemies just get punched far away and disappear.As for the game, it's linear, to be sure. There are some collectibles you can find, but even in game they tell you that they're worthless, unless you care about your high score. Like, it literally says ""these items can't be used and don't benefit you in battle at all, but give you a higher score at the end"".All in all, I can't recommend it, but I don't hate it because I love the IP. Which is really the problem with TV/movie games. They always rely far too heavily on the IP fanbase and never really put much thought into building a quality gaming experience. I thought Korra would be different, given that it was made by Platinum Games, but it doesn't live up to their reputation. And something tells me it's not their fault. I think if they had a higher budget and more time, without any bigshot producers breathing down their necks saying ""make us more moneeeeyy"", this review would read quite differently.I SORT OF enjoy it, but even if my friend was an Avatar fanatic, I wouldn't be able to say to them ""Hey, you should play the game! It's great!"". It would probably be more like ""Well then you should get this game when it's heavily discounted, cause it'll entertain you for a solid hour or two.I think I'll probably turn the difficulty down to easy so I can get through the rest without throwing my controller at the screen."
76561197970935395,Not Recommended,281690,23853053,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,War_Dyn27,"Boring and repeatitive, give it a miss."
76561198075867570,Not Recommended,281690,34458539,Posted: 24 August,all,♡ Gemini Goddess ♡,"Should have refunded when I had the chance.This game has some serious problems that I can't believe a fame developer like Platinum Games just let be in the game. This game lacks serious polish and it shows from very early.StoryThey call this cheap, generic plot a story? It's very forgettable. Considering that The Legend of Korra had great writing, you would think the developers would try to aim for the same standard of story telling or at least get help from the creators to properly craft a good story.Poor combat, difficulty and controls.The combat is basic, difficult and controlling Korra feels clunky. She doesn't feel smooth, she just feels hard to control. Combat gets really repetitive very quickly and being limited to one element at the start of the game doesn't help. All of this also adds to aridiculous difficulty curvethat makes you spend less time fighting and more time getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by overpowered enemies.Did I mention you can't change the difficulty? Like, at all? And the game seems to love it's quick time events that are a chore to excuete correctly. I would think as a video game based on a television series, the developers would try to cater a bit to casual players.GraphicsI've seen cel-shaded games and this has to be most blandest looking one I've seen. Nothing about the game's graphics and enviroment stands out and it feels really plain. There's also very minimal graphics setting, but I guess that is to be expected of a cel-shaded game.Missing features-I'm not sure why it doesn't output to 1080p.-I don't see a control scheme to remember how to play the game, making the game hard to get back into if you take a break.-No diffculty adjuster for a game with annoying controls.If there is one way to describe The Legend of Korra video game, it would bea boring mess."
76561198053001674,Not Recommended,281690,30869333,Posted: 31 March,all,Mic_Duggan,"I haven't played enough to truely call the game terrible, but 2 minutes in I knew it wasn't for me. The pro bending controls on the first level were so awful that it barely felt playable. Past that portion, the game plays as a generic beat em up with no fluidity or fun. I honestly didn't give it a full chance, but I have never been so turned off by a game in the first few minutes playing. It did everything in its power to turn me off on a game that I was excited about.I waited for a sale on this game because even though I love Korra, the reviews made it seem like something I may not like. But at a meager price I thought it was worth a try. I was wrong. I so badly wish they took the Avatar universe and made a great game out of it, not just a cheap punching simulator with familiar skins. The attention to detail on the fluiduty and organic nature of martial arts movements is what made the shows visually intriguing. This is completely lost in the game. I would love to see a game where you have some smooth control over the elements, and not just different versions of a single punch or power move.I don't necessarily blame the developers, as the game engine and development was clearly underfunded and rushed out in order to capitalize on the popularity of a TV show, but it's just sad to wonder what a good game about airbending could look like.If you want all of the repititive punching combos of Arkham Asylum, without any of the parts that makes that a good game, than you will like this game. Otherwise I would avoid it (unless you just want the game was means to get more Korra content however you can get it, which I understand)."
,Not Recommended,281690,12954891,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Toph Bei Fong's Ben-Wah Balls,"I honestly can't recommend this game, as much as I'd like to. The only way to sum this game up in one word is ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."" I've always adored Platinum Games' combat system, and this one works well too. A good combat system only works well if the enemies are made to match it and this game isn't fortunate enough to combine the two. Almost every combo I try to pull off is interuptted by attacks that immobilize or stun you by an enemy on the other side of the medium-sized cage that you're stuck in. A few enemies that do this are fine, but the problem is that almost every regular enemy is replaced by these types in large numbers.I may as well point out that your bending abilities are taken away for a near 40% of the game, making it increasingly frustrating. There are three enemies which I will consider ""mini bosses"" because they appear in all of the chapters I've played since I got the Water-bending ability. They have Fire, Water, and Earth-bending abilities and they don't follow a consistent pattern so you'll most likely just end up getting beaten down within the first moment of fighting them. It also helps to note that there is a block/counter move which I found OP as♥♥♥♥♥♥in the beginning of the game.This move is nearly rendered useless against later enemy types and is problematic when using it against the ""mini-bosses."" There are sometimes additional inputs to do a certain move while countering, and to me it always seems like it's at random. I counter and hold the analog stick/key toward the enemy to continue attacking after I counter only to have the game immediately negate my counter in the enemy's favor.There is a lot more to be said about this game than just the combat, but playing other PG games such as Metal Gear Rising or Bayonetta which had phenominal combat, this game falls incredibly short. I will edit this review once I complete it and can articulate my thoughts."
,Not Recommended,281690,12617053,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,TwistedLogic,"Legend of Korra reminds me of the Playstation 2 era of gaming. Closed, linear levels, repetitive enemy encounters, random 'mount' levels where you have to dodge objects before your character mindlessly ploughs into them and really limited options in just about everything.The game itself isn't bad. I can't dislike it, but that may be because of the universe it is set in. Element bending is awesome and while the game doesn't quite hit the level I would have liked with the combat, I think it does a good enough job to pass on the lore side of things at least, as the game is faithful to the Avatar universe if nothing else.Unfortunately, that seems to be pretty much all it is. Despite the developers assurances that the game is 'difficult', I found that it tended to be more obnoxious than challenging and more button-mash happy than thought-provoking for solving particular episodes.Enemies soon start to hit like runaway trucks regardless of what they are, smaller human enemies packing about the same punch as getting run over by an armored robot-thing sometimes and the abitrary healing items soon become a boring neccessity to get past some sections of the game where the sheer amount of enemies, abilities and dodgy combat you face are not so much difficult as an exercise in frustration. The final boss is a good example of this. Beat him to a pulp for a bit and he changes tactics, fair enough, beat him a bit more and he combines both previously failed tactics.. again fair enough, but a little unimaginative. It's hard to pin down exactly what makes the combat so obnoxious-feeling rather than challenging. It may be the repetitive 'boss' battles with the same three giant robots, the endless hordes of the same five or so basic foot soldiers and the same three 'Triad' bosses. Combat gets old fast and combat is pretty much the only thing the game almost does well. Exploration is not bad, some areas need certain bending to access, but these are incredibly short and are basically just a case of ""use key on door"" in what feels like an effort to pad the areas out a bit.The Pro-bending tournament, which I imagine most people playing would be interested in, needs to be unlocked by completing the story mode... why is a mystery, maybe so people actually get to the end of the story mode. Unfortunately, not much work has been put into this either. You face the same 5 pallet-swapped teams who do the same things, have no distinguishing features or abilities and no personalities. After playing through story mode to get here, I was disappointed.Overall, I can't give this a recommendation, despite not disliking the game, because though I had some fun with Legend of Korra, I had to focus on my goal of unlocking the pro-bending mode, which turned out to be much less than expected or deserved after going through the story mode."
,Not Recommended,281690,12636074,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Flea,"And so we are granted another disappointing, and secretly expected, piece of evidence that shows that the Avatar universe is not held up by the merit of fancy fighting alone - it needs story, characters, and heart, three elements that are sadly lacking from monkey's-paw-wish-created Platinum character action game.The Legend of Korra, the game, would probably not draw in too many buyers who weren't already a fan of the show, unless said buyer was a huge fan of Platinum but hadn't really tried out the Avatar series. With that understood, this game was only going to survive based on the show it's inspired by and the diligent and talented work of those fine folks at Platinum. Unfortunately, this game falls short from both barrels, but does that mean it's a game that must be rejected on that alone?StoryTo those not in the know, Avatar: The Legend of Korra is a cartoon on Nickelodeon centering around the exploits of the mighty and reverred avatar, Korra. Korra is gifted with the power to ""bend"" (see: control) the elements of air, water, earth, and fire - while others are only so lucky if they can control only one. She harnasses the elements through fighting techniques based on actual martial art styles. The blend of ""magic"" and martial arts create a truly awe-inspiring experience that has brought in many of the show's fans. What keeps them there is the fantastic writing, animation, characters, complex stories, and captivating environment and culture the show has cultivated.The game, however, fails to deliver on much of what makes the show so great, the writing (to put it so generally). The story is very barebones (a term you could use to describe this entire game, really), and what bones are there are very few since the game can be completed in under three hours. This could almost be excused if the story was well written and succint, free of filler and shipping bait. However, the player is given a token cackling bad guy, with unclear motives and a legion of minions that are simply based on those that have already appeared in the show and are reused over and over again with different color pallete swaps for different techniques they may use. Those who have watched just season one of the show will be able to immediately tell that the minions Baron von Nogood employs have no business even being around.Korra's motivations to pursue the ne'er-do-well are understandable, but played out. Nothing original exists within the story of this game. No visuals, no characters (save for the bad guy), no settings - nothing. As such, this plays out like a piece of fanfiction (minus all the non-canon hook ups and kinky sex, unfortunately).GameplaySo how does the game play? Well, at the very least, it feels good to bend (the elements). Switching between elements is easy and quick, and doing so allows you to carry on combos for longer than if you were just to stick to one style only. Sadly, almost all baddies are beaten by a simple combo, and those that take more tend to require you to dodge before you can really continue the combo beyond the third or forth hit, so extending combos isn't a vital issue.Each element is different in how it delivers, though only margainly so. Water is good for taking out enemies from afar, air is ideal for taking out groups with its wide hit radius, earth is slow but very strong, and fire is fast and...well I guess just fast. See the problem is the differences are almost moot, since there are not enough different kinds of battles to find a niche for each style. You can level up each style through repeated use, which unlocks more health, more comboes, and more Chi (the energy you can charge to help you be faster and stronger). Other comboes are bought with ""spirit energy"" harvested from defeated foes and random pottery and cabbage stands.An important part of combat is dodging and blocking. Dodging will completely negate any damage taken, assuming you actually dodged the hit. Blocking can be more risky, as the best way to block is to do so just before you get hit, so you can counter the attack for massive damage. If any of this sounds familiar, that's because you've played any other Platinum character-action game, which is where some of the problems start to surface.Platinum makes amazing character-action games like Wonderful 101 and Bayonetta, but they've fallen into the developer trap where they establish themselves as being amazing at a genre, but then never stray from it and never do much to rewrite their formula. This can be fine, to a degree, but in this case the game feels like you're playing Bayonetta, but less exciting, large scale, and fast-paced (and sexualized). In the end, you're playing a much worse version of Bayonetta.[h]Presentation[/h1]The Legend of Korra show is a breathtakingly beautiful show, with rich backgrounds and extremely well animated characters. In the game, settings are ripped straight from the show and toned way way down to fit into its small scale and less than ideal graphical quality. Most of the time Korra will be moving too fast for you to see this, but if you happen to spy her when she's still, her character model looks like something from the PS1 era.Music is servicable, and the voice acting is bland and unmotivated by anything other than a paycheck.VerdictIn the end, any fan of Platinum, Korra, or both can easily skip this game and feel no guilt for having done so. With a base price of $15, this was never meant to be a full budget game like Bayonetta, but looking at other games that go for the same, if not less, money, The Legend of Korra just feels lazy, rushed, or possibly both.Still, this is not a bad game, just a very average one, which is why it's so disappointing. Platinum is not an average developer that makes average games, and the Avatar universe is not average and does not produce average stories. So for this game to play things so by the book is well beneath the credit of both Platinum and Avatar.When this game goes on sale, I would say it would be acceptable at $5 +/- some dollars based on whether you love/hate Platinum and/or Korra."
,Recommended,281690,12598036,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,leftist extremist,i get to be the brown girl with musclesinstant 10/10
,Not Recommended,281690,30050550,Posted: 19 February,all,Some Fox,"The game throws you in with no prior knowledge of the story and relies on the fact that you have seen the show for it. The camera is slow as hell and combat is repeated. Not only that enemies on the LOWEST setting eat your health like is were potato chips. To make it worse that’s just the combat after the first level or ""chapter"" you are treated to Temple Run ya know that app game on mobile devices. This game is all over the place and is ruined the same way it was on TV, it had so much potential it was just done in the worst way possible if anything the game should be .99 to even with its content. Its only high point is the fact that its accessories are really well balanced in terms of abilities and trade-offs. -With love Jade Fox"
,Not Recommended,281690,13011273,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Glasmond,"Wow this... this game is so bad. I'm surprised how bad it is. The controls are bad (doesn't auto-focus, you need to controll the camera all the time), the animations are a little stiff, the enviroment is very empty. It feels pretty carelessly made most of the time. I played many games in my life (around 250 maybe?) and this counts to one of the worst, sadly. Compared to other Beat 'em up games like for example Dynasty Warriors or Bayonetta it's really on a low level.But I guess if you love Korra (and for example didn't recognize the animation quality loss in season 2) you might enjoy this for especially it bonus animation cutscenes and story.Another pro is how you change the elements and that you really can fight in every single one of them + normal martial arts.But other than that... I have really no idea why this game has such a good rating on steam.TL;DR:Buy it when you are a big Korra Fan and don't know much about Beat 'em UpsDon't buy it if you're used to great games like Dynasy Warriors / Bayonetta / Devil May Cry."
76561198084061309,Not Recommended,281690,33571660,Posted: 15 July,all,-Tan,"(i played through the story twice but for some reason steam didnt add the hours to my overall gametime, back in 2015)-boring story which you can beat in under 5hours (but there is replayvalue because of the new diffculty mode tho)-PS2 Graphics-weird control scheme (you change bending syles with the bumpers instead of the dpad)-fights are almost always too easy or (on 1 or 2 occasions) way too unfair-the pro bending and naga riding sections arent fun at all and drag the experience down alot"
61736376123712361,Not Recommended,281690,22413979,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,BamBouZ,.
76561197967685936,Not Recommended,281690,26523779,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,^7ja^1co,Repetitive and boring combat.Poor camera work.Corridor environments.
,Not Recommended,281690,12606612,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Black Glokage,Short versionGeneric beat em up that only the most hardcore avatar fan could appreciateFull Reviewhttp://youtu.be/wIpNXXenPRM
,Not Recommended,281690,34774566,Posted: 6 September,all,TheRM,"This ""game"" comparing with animated series is a totally sh*t... I'm a big fan of Avatar, but this.. not worth a cent. Story - one day work, nothing special at all. It's even too hard if you're playing not a casual mode..Verdict:Atmosphere 4/10Gameplay 3/10Graphics 4/10Optimization 7/10Soundrack 6/10Story 1/10Overall my rating is: 4/10"
,Not Recommended,281690,30873417,Posted: 1 April,all,TheDatim,This game is extremely brutal and sometimes simply disallows you to do what you are told.
,Not Recommended,281690,29316091,Posted: 17 January,all,ThePeteCrazy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the Game..
,Not Recommended,281690,33922614,Posted: 31 July,all,unemployed black astronaut,good game if you like bad games
,Recommended,281690,12598502,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,★,Fun And Easy Controlls :D10\10
,Not Recommended,281690,12613549,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Stop being needlessly toxic,"This game can be described in one word: ""Meh""Platinum's worst game by far. However, one of the best TV show games I've played (Which doesn't say much.)If you're a fan of TLoK, it's worth the 15 dollars.The camera is god awful though. And let's be real. They just straight up copied Temple Run with the Naga♥♥♥♥♥♥Counters are OP.Too few enemies, not enough variety.All in all, if you haven't watched the TV series, this is definitely not worth your time."
76561198086897015,Not Recommended,281690,13468247,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,dzg1986bbb,game is too stupid
,Not Recommended,281690,23855076,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Aome,Dull and boring .Repetitive and empty.5 out of 10 and can't recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,281690,30398256,Posted: 8 March,all,Elvira1023,"OK I am a huge Avatar fan, Ive watched every eposide at least twice.I loved the Playstation Avatar game and I was sooo pumped when I heard about The Lengend of Korra game.I waited forever intill I was able to play it.Let me start by saying WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!! This game is stupid hard right off the bat like stupid friggin hard.Theres no reason for it to be that hard.The enemys way over power you and kill you over and over right away.You have to run and dodge so much and that annoys me.I want to fight not run and hit you once every few mins till you go down.The buying system is dumb and you cant equip more health while in game but you can buy it like what, or maybe I just didnt figure it out I dont know.The cut senses are beauitful but I feel like they are cut out of the anime series and not specialy made for this game which really kills my connection to liking the game.I HATED the mini games with Naga.Ive never wanted to rage quit and actually kill myself before.How could you take one of the most beloved animals in the whole Avatar world and make me actually hate them.I played this game for hours and raged like never before and I only got up to getting my earth bending back.Once I saw they they had the balls to add in side scrolling levels I was done.I really wanted to like this game but I just cant.My love for this fandom isnt strong enough to put myself through a whole game of this crap.I had high hope since the other games where good but I dont know what happened with this one.Its just sad.I wouldnt recommend this game, it's not worth what this game puts you through no matter the level of fan you are."
76561198083495619,Not Recommended,281690,12670929,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,unaderon,"I don't know how, but Activision did it again - they gave us a rushed in developement, unfinished product, and people actually like it. And an even bigger crime than that is that they made us believe that this could be great - in a time, when a Batman game is one of the most awaited titles and with Platinum developing it, what could possibly go wrong?Whelp, they gave it a tiny budget and everything that could potentially be good about this game has been flushed down the toilet. All the enemies are taken straight from the show, which gets ridiculous with the palette-swapped triad, their AI is underwritten, so they stand around and do nothing a lot. The amount of Korra's attacks is little, the whole battle system is a safe play: just keep charged, dodge and block in time and you'll do great. You can actually start having some fun only halfway through, since, as you probably know, your elements are blocked from the beginning and are unlocked one at a time, so get ready to run through two entire levels with just water at your disposal, which is extremely limiting, while the game keeps throwing enemies at you at every step. Want to go look or some items while you're at it? Too bad, here are some MORE SAME ENEMIES.And when you actually get more elements and start having some fun, the game just gives up. It's poor camera is bearable most the time, but as you encounter giant spirits, it gets just plain stupid - they obstruct the view, so you can't see crap and your only option is to block and counter, as trying to make a combo will get you killed. Same is kinda true with the final boss, as he can do a couple of dodges and get out of your view, the attack you from offscreen (and some of his attacks are unblockable). And just as I bought some items and beat him, the game decided to make me play in pro-bending. I quit and GUESS WHAT - I have to fight the final boss all over again!Despite all this mess, if you want to see a good Avatar game with an adequate budget and developement cicle, there's no escape - you have to buy this. Activision, the cowards they are, just dipped their toe into the water to see if it's worth trying. We gotta show them it is, but we should also make sure we don't get more of the same load."
,Not Recommended,281690,12698117,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bobmerman,"Ehhhh, pretty much your standard trope licensed game, with slightly decent gameplay.  Limited budget, short dev time.  Platinum may have been involved with this game, but it's crap."
,Not Recommended,281690,12601102,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,AFGNCAAP,"2/10What an offensively bad port and lazily produced game. If I could get my money back I would.> No customizability in the options, either for graphics or key mapping> Framerate inexplicably dips and peaks with no relation to what is or isn't happening on the screen> In-game cutscenes pause in between transitions to new cutscenes and actual gameplay> Gameplay feels clunky and unresponsive> Camera controls feel ""back heavy"" and sluggish.> Combat is repetitive and unintuitive.I really wanted to like this game. I love the tv series and there was little more I wanted than a game like this. Shame they managed to screw it up so much.edit: I've encountered a bug wherein a boss won't spawn, so I'm stuck in that area and can't continue the game. 10/10"
76561198076276605,Not Recommended,281690,12689581,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Jackin' JoJo,"Please 2014 give us a good new release in the later months2014 has had its up but its also had its down sadly this is one of its downs before you hate on this review take into mind that i am also a really die hard legend of korra fan but am a bigger gamer in the end game.Quick review-pros-combat animiationscons-storyvoice actingrepetitivenot so great combatcontrolsboss battles that soak blowsworth it- no even for the 15 bucks its just not enjoyable, dieing is something you get used to not because of its difficulty but because everything is unbalenced as an inexperience trapeez. korra (the avatar btw) should be kicking but out there but she doesn't its the exact opposite and thats were they messed up. The bosses never die unless you spend your lifes work on them its wayyy too broken to be fixed and that sucks cause it really could be good.long reviewthe game was repetitive everything you did you did again and again but with the enemies having more health. the story is flushed out. you need to get your bending back but instead of being interesting it was bland. For those die hard korra fans good for you cause she's the only character you ever really see that was in the cartoon. The acting puts shame to the series with nuck tuk from the cartoon series (ment to be bad acting) doing a better job in some cases. the infinite runner with naga was cool and a nice break from combat but in the end i wish it wasn't acctually there as again repetitive with the same stuff going on.  I was looking forward to the game and am just glad it was only 15 bucks cause it was a dissapointment in all places. not for anyone really the combat is bad giving you split second counter options and to be honest it would have been better if they said hey lets make you a total BAD A were you beat the crap outa people. Then it would have been at least enjoyable to look at. thats why legend of korra the game gets a 4/10 sorry platinum but you just made alot of people (hardcore gamers to be exact) really angry."
76561198047495857,Not Recommended,281690,12676878,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,OdanUrr,"'The Legend of Korra' by Platinum Games is based off the Nickelodeon show of the same name. For anyone not into the world of Avatar, the show takes place in a world where people can manipulate the elements (earth, fire, air, water). Only one person, however, can manipulate all the elements and that's the Avatar, who's tasked with bringing balance to the world. For everyone else, the game takes place immediately after the events of Book Two, when Korra (the Avatar) decided to leave open the portals that connect the Spirit World to our own. As a result, an ancient enemy of the Avatar is now free to sow chaos and destruction and, more importantly, destroy the Avatar once and for all.The premise is intriguing, I'll give you that, especially seeing as we saw little of the repercussions of leaving the portals open at the beginning of Book Three before we were whisked away to Ba Sing Se. The game starts off promisingly enough with the intro from the show but instead of being followed by the voice of the 50s narrator that usually sets up the episodes we're dropped right into the action fighting against impossible odds in the Spirit World before switching to a pro-bending match. It was a disappointing beginning that was really a harbinger of things to come.Sure enough, Mako and Bolin (important characters in the show) are quickly swept aside leaving Korra to fight alone. In fact, except for their brief appearance at the beginning and end of the game, together with Jinora's own from time to time, there is no interaction with any of the characters from the show. Tenzin and his family are conveniently visiting their grandmother; Lin is apparently doing a poor job ensuring the city's safety; and Asami is nowhere to be seen. It's a shame the creators of this game couldn't be bothered to feature at least a few characters from the show to give Korra someone to talk to other than Naga.Gameplay-wise it really is a bit of a mixed bag. Each bending style is different in terms of power, speed, and range, but all of them feel authentic and useful in their own way. The story has you losing your powers early on so you will unlock each element as you progress through the game. While it's a bit underwhelming to fight with your fists for at least an entire level before unlocking your first element, in retrospect, the slow progression helped me understand the ins and outs of the different elements. Also, the Avatar State is powerful and I mean POWERFUL. Unfortunately, though, you can only access the Avatar State at the very end of the game and only for a few seconds (what's understandable seeing as you can easily beat the crap out of anything and everything).Throughout the game you'll be navigating a maze of corridors and smashing every crate, pot, box, or car, you encounter looking for currency (crystals) with which you can buy potions, new moves, or power-ups. Needless to say, my immersion suffered seeing as Republic City was only just recovering from Kaiju-Unalaq-Vaatu's attack and here I am destroying public property left and right. There is limited exploration to do within the maze and you'll be rewarded with items from the show, such as Katara's necklace or the Chi-blockers' electrified glove (none of which can be used might I add).At certain points energy barriers will appear blocking your way until you defeat a certain number of enemies. Most of the time these enemies will be Chi-blockers (who don't really block your Chi in the game) although from time to time the game will introduce benders in the form of the Triple Threat Triads and mechs, and at the very end you'll be fighting spirits. During combat, however, the game suffers from bad camera angles that never show all of your enemies on the screen. Bosses can only really be taken down by blocking their attacks and counterattacking by following the on-screen cues. Bear in mind that they have some attacks that are unblockable.The platforming part of the game can be infuriatingly difficult, not by design but because it suffers from the same issue with the camera which will be responsible for your plummeting to your death 99% of the time. There's nothing entertaining nor rewarding from outsmarting the camera having previously died twenty times to ""get it right."" There are also these mini-races where you ride Naga, your polar bear, through multiple corridors avoiding obstacles and gathering crystals. They help break the flow but are nothing remarkable.I also noticed sync issues throughout the entire game and most of the time I would have to wait several seconds when enemies showed up before I could regain control of my character. In other cases, characters speak to you much later than they're supposed to (e.g.: this was usually the case with Jinora who would show up and start speaking after ten seconds).Story-wise I have to say I was not impressed. Sure, the game uses the lore as if winking at fans of the show but the story itself is dreadfully poor. There's no real development of the villain's back story outside of ""I'm an ancient enemy of the Avatar"" and while Korra occasionally questions her decision to leave the portals open she never arrives at any sort of conclusion. Furthermore, and like I said before, the game suffers from a profound lack of characters that sometimes defies credibility. So Tenzin and his family are no longer on Air Temple Island, great, but where are the White Lotus guards? Did they up and vanish too? How about Republic City's police forces?I tolerated the more frustrating aspects of the game as well as its linearity because I'm a fan of the show and I always enjoy additions to the lore, however weak they may be. Bending the elements was also a high point of the game. However, I don't think I can currently recommend this game to anyone who isn't a fan of the show. Even if you can manage with the technical issues, you're literally dropped in a world with no setup, you're expected to be familiar with it beforehand. For what is worth, it took me about six hours to complete, but it's probably worth replaying once you unlock all your powers."
76561198071546113,Not Recommended,281690,12604731,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,JOJO!!!!!!,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! So you first have to play through levels to unlock the different types of bending. It doesn't matter though because you really won't use it. You'll just stand in one spot and wait for your opponents to attack so you can counter them to do much more damage than any attacks do, unless they can't be countered. The only moderately useful bending type is fire bending. But it takes a while to unlock it. Once you do, you won't touch the other elements unless you need them to break open a door or a chest.The grunt enemies are all just the same sprite with different skins. The battle against them are so easy and are just an annoyance. The boss battles, however, are a whole different story! Holy crap are some of these hard! They do massive damage, you barely do any, and on top of all that you'll still just be standing in one spot countering hoping you won't get hit twice because then you have to start the fight over. Also, a minor thing, every time you start over, it starts you right before the boss fight starts, so you have to watch the cut scene, every time!What about the story? There really is none. Also, one of the best parts of the avatar franchise, the characters, are essentially absent from this game. Korra's there, but that's really it. Jinora pops up every now and then and Iroh manages the shop, but there is no development.There are a couple of mini games too. Pro bending is actually pretty fun. You're not just standing in one place countering the whole time. You actually have to use your combat skills (really just dodging and bending) to do well. The other one though. The Naga game. It's literally temple run, just a lot worse.The music is good of course. It's taken straight from the show itself. The controls are pretty easy for the most part. The graphics were okay, I guess. Then there's the platforming. It's terrible. Mostly because of the camera angles. Sometimes you just have to take a leap of faith and hope there's a platform under you.Combat: 3/10Story: 3/10Mechanics: 5/10Music: 7/10Overall: 3.5/10It's just bad. So save your money. If you want to play a good beat 'em up game, play Streets of Rage 2 or something. Just don't play this. Also there's taunting for some reason. Even though it's single player only. Just thought I had to put that in there."
76561198035598726,Not Recommended,281690,12620945,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,☆Constar☆,"I love Korra so much, but this does just seem like another beatumup game that just happens to include bending in it. the way you can transition between bending abilities is nice and fluid but i cant say that that alone is enough to keep this game afloat"
,Not Recommended,281690,12607890,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SaSSolino,not as bad as the internet says but it's still pretty bad tho.
,Not Recommended,281690,12605355,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Caaaaarrrrlll,"Don't waste your money. I love The Last Airbender and LoK as much as the next fan, but this game is really boring after 30 minutes of play. It's just a bunch of running around and punching bad guys. There's literally nothing else to it. There seems to be a very minimal storyline, but it doesn't feel like it took them weeks to make it, it feels like it was made in a day. The graphics are also that of about 5 years ago, maybe further."
,Not Recommended,281690,12603678,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,☼ Potato Fox,"Okay, knowing that this will get buried by the fangirls, rather than being tame and holding back I'm just gonna let it all bearIt's bad 3/10The game controls like you made butter from olive oil and coated it in WD40 then dropped it in soapThe camera moves in a very directed manner, and when you finally do input the camera it swings in nauseating arcs that do little more than make you lose track of what's on the screenDespite Platinum Game's gleaming track record with making Amazing action fighter games like Bayonetta, DMC, and Okami, they seem to have♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed with the movement, when target locked and moving backwards your character actually turns her back and exposes herself, only able to counter/guard from the front. Basically meaning you can't run away without getting chipped more than you already are, and coming from just beating Jade Empire this was a shockEnemies are either marshmallows that hit like feathers or iron bunkers that hit like someone threw an iron bunker at your head with a slingshot built from an iron bunker. The game is so inconsistant in the strength of it's enemies that the health regen trinket thing is almost manditory for boss fightsPros (the three points it got)The graphics, animations and animated cutscenes were all very well done, fluid and crisp, the movement of Korra feels nautralThe soundtrack, while repetiive and almost as linear and predictable as the rest of the game was composed wellIt's an Avatar game that got bending rightFan of the show? you can probably look past this stuff and enjoy it thouroughly, probably put the difficulty on easy thoughFan of action fighters and looking for an interesting and engaging Elemental Bending game around the universe of Avatar? don't"
76561197977434623,Not Recommended,281690,12718151,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Thyme,"I can't recommend this game until they get it right, and by that I mean they put in the effort and make a real game. The story to this is poor though almost forgivable, the combat system is fun though underdeveloped, the background textures are bland, the levels are boring, and the amount of content is remarkably low. Maybe they figured this is what $15 worth of content should be; however, what we get is a game that feels maybe 2/3rds complete---a strong base with some cool ideas that are woefully underdeveloped.I had fun playing this game, and it does provide you with a few hours of genuine entertainment. If you're a fan of the series it's probably worth grabbing on sale. It's not a bad game. Still, it's so obvious from what we're offered, just what this game could've actually been had fewer metaphorical corners been cut."
76561197968862468,Not Recommended,281690,12676471,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mercenary,"For 15 Im not expecting much. I do expect some basic game design 101. Ie. TELL YOUR PLAYERS HOW TO PLAY YOUR GAME.Case in point. I started a Normal difficulty game. Normal right? Should be doable.I lost at the first freaking gameplay moment. The Probending Tournament? The game doesnt tell you♥♥♥♥♥♥ Win the round.Okay...How?Game: Nope not gonna tell you, here's how to attack. Here's how to dodge and block, And Lock on.Me: Okay... I locked on and knocked the guy back how do I switch to a new target?Game: Nope. Figure it out yourself.So I spent about an hour or so trying to figure out exactly how am I supposed to win this. After about 5 times of seeing that You Lose screen the tip finally said ""To win either Knock out all your opponents or win 2/3 bouts."" Oh gee thanks game maybe you should have made that a little more obvious?!And then comes the best part of the game. Literally I love the Chi blocker fights. the different enemy types and then they start being combined with each other great! Even the ""boss"" fights though... when they're together its a bit... Well lets just come back to that shall we?But back to the Lock on part for a second, in the next fighting part the game pops up and says something to the effect of ""Did you know you can lock on with the left stick, switch targets by flicking the right stick left or right.""Really? You're telling me this NOW? When you introduced the Lock on previously.Now if I could just elucidate for a moment. Basic game design 101 is that you introduce a new mechanic in a controlled environment. So. They could have introduced the lock on mechanic by pausing the game and saying that during the probending fight. instead it only gave me PART of the mechanic and didnt tell me the other part until later in the game.That wouldnt be too bad had I been fighting ONE opponent when it was introduced. But I wasnt. I was fighting THREE opponents where target priority would have been very useful. But no they decided to introduce again later. Its as if this game was developed in parts and one hand didnt know what the other was doing. And then when they put it together they realized that oh crap there's overlap. Quick just lop some parts of it and ship it out of the door before we go overbudget!Naga Runs: Um... Well you know what I like this part too its nice change of pace and the fact that naga runs faster as you evade obstacles creates an interesting dynamic. Evade too much and suddenly the course is changing faster than you can react so you have to strategically run into things to slow yourself down. Once your water and earth bending are unlocked it really shows since the water sphere can tank a couple of hits yet you still slow down which is nice.And then comes the part where I rage quit and cemented my No Vote.The First part was the same. Freaking. Bosses show up again slightly palette swapped. Okay Okay. 15 dollar game. Thats fine thats fine. I can get over that. What I cant get over is the Bull excrement this game pulls. Not only do they hit harder and have a higher defense than you do(so now you're taking even longer to kill them) and now they have a couple of new moves too.The fire guy has this flame burst which entirely ignores your attacks so good luck staggering him, the Earth guy has a BULL EXCREMENT. Capital letters warranted. Attack in which he stomps the ground, which creates a pillar right where you're standing anyone on the field. Yes. ANYWHERE. You could be on the side of the field, he stomps and bam you get knocked in the air. And then he instantly teleports to you and smacks you into the ground.Eventually I settled for running like a loon in a loop and focused fire them one at a time with Water bending. I really feel like the Avatar here guys. /sTurns out Earth Bending blows chunks. You're too slow and rooted in place(as per Earth Bending doctrine) which makes you an easy target for the other two bosses you're not attacking. Which is a problem because you are in fact NOT invincible while you're earth bending. So fat lot unlocking Earth bending did for me.But I managed to win that fight by abusing the game's pathfinding. Managed to take out the water bender. And then started fighitng the fire bender.Where was the earth bender? Stuck behind a breakable vase. Happy bug since I did NOT want to lose again.Cool Naga Run.Uh... Okay another boss battle? Thats... kind of quick.Oh hey its the robot again. And it has an electrical arm. Oh good.Wait, I dont have a chance to buy more items? What?!What about refilling spirit energy? I burnt so much buying skills and items.Oh come on.And here comes the part that makes me rage quit.There are in fact NO invincibilty cells in this game.You know in fighitng games where for a second after you get hit you're invincible to any follow ups thus allowing you to catch your breath and get out of dodge.This game?HAH. Invincibilty cells are for chumps. You're the Avatar. You get smacked down, you can recover instantly. Only... to be smacked again. Get up and smacked again. And on Normal difficulty that's just managed to kill you dead.You lose.Would you like to try again?Basically once you get hit, unless you dodge correctly you're essentially screwed as the AI is relentless. You get bola'd so you're Crowd Controlled? Have fun, the robot AI is goin to ram, and fire off another bola as soon as you recover because screw you, how dare you have a chance.Its like the developers took the ""arcade"" description and LITERALLY made it an arcade like game. For those that dont remember, arcade games had notorious difficulty curves and rarely explained anything. So the only way you learn fights is to keep feeding quarters into the machine.Here at least I'm not feeding quarters into it. What I am doing is feeding it my patience of which I've run out.I'll switch to Easy or Casual as the game calls it(Which is weird since it called it Easy when it first asked me. Its as if one hand didnt know what the other was doi- Oh wait I said that already.)I HAVE TO START ALL OVER? OH GOD NO.tl;dr: At 15, obviously im not expecting triple A game play, but at 15 I'm gonna expect basic game design 101 guys. 10. Or even 5. At 15 you better really really like the series so that it overcomes the flaws."
,Not Recommended,281690,26021857,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Not bad but i keep getting double team and her attacks and dodges are way too slow for me. I can't react that fast.
76561198026264533,Not Recommended,281690,12636559,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Darth Kcaj,"I bought this game as a huge fan of the series, and the quality of the storyline is well below par  of the televison content. This is what fans of A:TLA must have felt when the live action movie came out. Stunning visuals, great fighting- very poor narritve and storyworld.I really hope the next time the franchise puts a game out it aims for a more story driven title, game mechanics are spot on it this one."
,Not Recommended,281690,13932931,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Spook,Almost as bad as the show
,Not Recommended,281690,12719595,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,iAmInf,"I've regretted this purchase a dozen times by the time I got to the Spirit World.  This is the most infuriatingly frustrating game I've ever had the displeasure of playing.  If I COULD get a refund, I'd sure as hell demand one.  Never have I played a game - and I've played PLENTY of F2P turned P2W titles! - with such poor balancing and unfair odds.  I'll elaborate here - in case someone wants to flame me for criticizing their favorite game.You have a superior AI.  Seriously, it attacks you with the fluidity and perfect syncronization you only see in Kung Fu movies.  The precision and coordination is absolutely amazing!  To be honest, by comparison, a highly skilled Action player is reduced to a button mashing maniac.  Why do I say that?!  Because you actually HAVE to mash the buttons to get the stupid combo strings to actually complete.  Plus, you get flanked and interrupted ALL THE DAMN TIME!  This wouldn't be so rage inducing IF your guard or dodge ACTUALLY EFFING WORKED under these circumstances!!!  But they DON'T!  No, you have to hit each enemy only once at a time, agonizingly slowly chipping away damage until you finally clear the overpowered mob.I almost forgot to mention they're unfathomably aggressive as well.  Poor Korra can't even get half her jab out before the hyper active AI fires off another brutal combo at her.  Seriously, unless you have the most perfect offensive prowess ever, you just get juggled all the time.  You can't make a single mistake, or be the least bit off timing, or your punishment will cost you your life in a single combo.  This is only on the NORMAL difficulty!  BS you not, without a significant amount of luck, you're going down enough times to make you feed your TV your controller before you get halfway through the game.  Korra is CLEARLY the slowest character in the game thus far.  It's totally bogus.  Of all the moves in her set, they chose the broadest and slowest ones.  It's a wonder you can hit anyone with all these big attacks being constantly interrupted mid animation.First fight of the game, you're thrown into combat for no apparent reason, no actual objective, and no idea what you're doing.  You don't know how to play the game, you simply mash the buttons until you get pounded like a nail through wood, having never actually learned anything, until the AI picks up enough steam to volley you into an infinite combo.  Then you get thrown directly into ANOTHER fight at the Pro Bending tournament, and the super late tutorial waits until you're squarely losing before telling you how to actually play!  Before you can even move on screen, the other team is concentrating fire on you.  When you CAN finally move, you're already being hit.  You start the match at a disadvantage already, why punish the player even more?  Not only is it 3 on 1, but I have to be knocked back a zone before I can even move?!  Take what little health I have too?  When I'm supposed to be competing?!!!  ON TOP OF THAT there's a timer going, and you have to make a comeback and pull an upset to pass the stage!  I ACTUALLY LOST TWICE BEFORE I FIGURED OUT I NEEDED TO KNOCK ALL 3 OUT TO PASS!Who sets a game up to force the player to lose at the very start - the easiest levels of the game?!  WHO does that?!  Seriously.  What sadistic ***hat thinks this is actually fun?  It doesn't end there though, no.  They load the combat areas up with more enemies than the actual software can handle.  I've got a quad-core A8-7600 in this machine kicking out the funky, good stuff, playing HD video, streaming 3 webcam feeds, and rendering in Blender [with a Cycles Render going while I'm editing the main model] all at once with no lag - but I can't handle some basic HD sprites?  Nahhhhhh, that's not my computer - not when I can play Assassin's Creed Brotherhood on it's extreme, nearly max, settings without even a frame drop.  Not when I just played Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning on extreme, nearly max, settings without a frame drop as well.  Nope!  That's not my system, THAT'S this butt-fudge game.  Anyway, guess what drops to bottom priority in the game?  The controller.  The controls literally stop responding frequently when the player is crowded, there are gigantic enemies on the screen flailing wildly at you, a combination of both, when fast projectile spam is headed your way, or when you try to parry a giant that's interrupting your combo.  I have been mowed down like teenagers in a Jason movie by juggernaugts that simply won't just die - ON TOP OF HAVING EXTRA TONS OF EXTRA HEALTH AND HIGHER DEFENSE!!!  They're not just the entire Rocky Mountain Range [yeah, it's that effing many of them], they have to be some odd fusion of Jackie-effing-Chan and the Incredible Hulk too??? O_o Is this dev team full of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags, or what?!Oh, and the transport stages - don't even get me started on those!  The obstacles are too close together to reach the speeds I've reached.  That freaking Beardog gets faster than a NASA rocket at escape velocity.  The controls can't keep up with her.  You end up having to restart from her starting speed at every checkpoint a million times before you can pass the level.  THEN they throw you into a fight with her, and those big polar bear paws do miniscule damage, while making sure you can't effectively dodge most of the attacks coming at you.  They give you the options, don't highlight the cockback of the attack to use each option for, then take away those options by making the maneuvers specific to the attack you're receiving.  Speaking of defense, back to that.  Did I mention the parry system fails 70% of the time?  You use perfect timing and you'll either catch a critical each time your guard is broken, or you'll simply block.  70% of the time is dedicated specifically to those 2 things.  And then, when your guard is broken, they play volleyball with the poor girl.  Don't get hit, you'll definitely regret it.All the enemies hit hard too.  For characters that mostly don't have bending, they sure knock the daylights out of Korra, who seems to come up short on strength...for the freaking AVATAR!  I could have SWORN the Avatar was supposed to be stronger than everybody.  Maybe SOME benders can hold their own for a while, but even those without bending are kicking her around the map like a pinball.  Something that's indeed not true to the series, she's got a glass jaw too.  You've got to be Floyd Mayweather in this game.  You get hit, it's over for you.  You'll catch a volley and won't even survive it.  By the 10th hit, if you aren't dead, you'll wish you were.  You might as well put the controller down when a giant hits you.  And they go all the way across the arena and do it too.  You're a goner if the controls stop responding while you're getting your Aang on.   They'll turn Korra to ketchup in a New York minute.  Juggernauts aren't the only ones that have super armor either, by level 4 you'll encounter the most basic enemies with it.  They'll be attacking, you dash over and interrupt, they don't stop - no, they push right on through.  They just ease right on there, like a tank trying to park in your garage without tearing your house down.  Critical every single time.  You just want to cry after that.Oh!  And a great deal of city maps have scaffolds you constantly fall from.  When I was getting my Earth bending, smdh, I couldn't run across this narrow beam that I was required to cross until 2/3 of my health was gone.  I just kept falling off.  This girl can't run a straight line.  She must be drunk.  If I were a cop, I'd be arresting her for public intoxication because -whew!- no way her dizzy behind can just go straight.  Even if the camera is directly behind her, this little jackrabbit runs zigzags.  Speaking of the camera, it's a derailed nightmare.  You'll find yourself ignoring it until you finally knock out enough that the focus stops switching. DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,281690,12639876,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[I.V] Kursix,"This game is alright. The best way to explain it is it has everything you want in an action game, story, combat mechanics, boss fights but it excutes all of these things poorly. This game could have been so much better if a bit more time was taken with it but the way it is it feels so rushed. I don't regret buying it but I can't recommend it. It's not a really bad game but it's not a very good one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv33ODUBUcM"
76561198063014407,Not Recommended,281690,12769525,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,xXEpIkZhAlOXx,"First of all, I would like to say that I am a huge fan of The Avatar series (The Last Airbender & The Legend of Korra) and I played the game both as a fan and a gamer.At first the game itself seems quite good (storyline, art style, combat system etc), as the game went on however, it started to seem less and less enjoyable. Especially when it came to the mini bosses and the Naga points which of first seems alright  until you start to become frustrated because you keep dying all the time.I am quite disappointed tbh because as a fan of The Avatar series I really want to enjoy the game but I just can't because of the frustration. I could put a lot more of my time and effort into this to see if I can complete the game but it's like, why should I? I have plenty of games that I haven't completed yet that are far more enjoyable than this so what's the point? I'm not enjoying the game anymore.Overall 2/5 for being an interestingly bad game."
76561198090005360,Not Recommended,281690,12780781,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,kooky500,"Let me start off by saying, that I'm a long-time fan of Legend of Korra and it's predecessor, Avatar: The Last Airbender. That being said, I want to like this game, I really do, but, I can't. There was a lot that this game COULD have been however; it seemed like, to me that it went in the opposite direction that it was supposed to.The first problem being, that they 'teach you how to swim by throwing you in the water', so to speak, as the game LITERALLY opens with a fight sequence. Who does that, without at least giving you a tutorial? Okay so, maybe this wouldn't be too much of a problem if the combat was easy to master but, it's not! The combat is repetitive, and difficult to master. I mean, seriously, it gets annoying when you’re trying to do a simple combo with the enemy moving way faster than you. Sure, it's not bad at first, but after dying five times in a row? Not so much.I also didn't like how they left out most of the characters from the show, I mean, we see Mako and Bolin like, once. We don't see Asami or Tenzin either and heck, we don't even see anyone IN Republic City! In fact, the only other character that we're familiar with and continuously see throughout the game is Jinora, and even then, her sync is off, as, like another reviewer mentioned, she doesn't start speaking until 10 or 15 seconds after she appears!Yet another problem is, that the cut-scenes (the non-cartoon ones) are long and awkward. For example, one will play right before a boss battle as the enemy appears, and you'll be sitting there for about 7 seconds unable to move until the unnecessarily long cut-scene finishes.Another thing I noticed is, that the animation looks very choppy except for the combat sequences and even then, it has it's moments.Another thing you may or may not notice if you get this game, is that the camera and keys are VERY weird. The camera is constantly moving around and makes it hard to see where you're going, and the keybinds are just plain odd, which, normally wouldn't be bad. But, considering the fact that you can't switch them, it's very infuriating.Well, last but not least, my final beef with this game? The story. Honestly, to me at least, the story is very boring and badly done. The reason being for this, is that, to me, it seemed like they tried to combine books 1 and 2 into one game but, with a new main villain. This, again, in my opinion is a very poor concept to begin with, and is also very poorly executed. The story is so bad that I can't even finish the game because of it's horribleness (well, that and the terrible combat system). However, I won't give away spoilers for the story.So, in conclusion, like I said, there was a lot that this game COULD have been. However it didn't live up to the expectations that I, and probably many other, fans of the show had for it. Between the terrible combat, lazy story-line, awkward cut-scenes and many other problems it had, I wouldn't recommend to anyone, gamer or otherwise."
,Not Recommended,281690,12757201,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Trump's Lips,"Countering system is simply broken, and it ruins the game.  I can't progress past the third boss fight because of it."
76561198304344513,Not Recommended,281690,28568240,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,tristangarri,U forget to log out of steam 1 time what does ur cunt♥♥♥♥brother do buy something with ur account ♥♥♥♥up your reccomendations and without permisson!
76561198039058150,Not Recommended,281690,17086193,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Gigiwoo,"Cool graphics, great story, and some terrible game design decisions. Repetitive combat sequences, and awkward shop controls combine with mega-bosses with nearly infinite hps with few checkpoints makes for a, ""I'm Done with this game"".  Boo."
,Recommended,281690,16959399,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Aristagne,"The Legend of Korra is an amazing game although it's a bit too underwhelming because of its short story. Still, it's worth to play."
,Recommended,281690,17088057,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Midnight,Games pretty good but the combat can be tedious sometimes there are too many fights
76561198228332860,Recommended,281690,17089348,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Shadow Hornet,"The only problem is it is too short... Other than that, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,281690,17093240,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,H2Doom,Fun to play.
,Recommended,281690,17095437,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,MithranArkanere,"The only real fault this game has for its price is that it can be a bit too short.You don't need that to get all achievements, but you can always go for full platinum medals if you want and extend the gameplay."
76561198088811940,Recommended,281690,17095987,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,SΛΧSΟΛ,Good game!
,Recommended,281690,17070265,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,milkjug7,"LOVE!!! This is my favorite short story/action games OF ALL TIME!! This is a very short story game ( It only has like 8 or so chapters and affter that you play on different difficulties so... I wouldn't buy it at 14.99, wait until it goes on sale like I did because everything on steam eventually goes on sale at some point. I got it on sale for 3.49 or something like that for a midweek summer sale.*******************************!!!!POTENTIAL SPOILERS!!!!!***************************************************The First time I got to go into the Avatar state I got goosebumps and  I almost cried it was so beautiful X'D , I'm not even kidding. That is the main reason I wanted to buy the game because I wanted to see how they made the Avatar state, well along with the powerful music they play and all the smooth textures, bright colors, and graphics (which surprised me because you only need3 GB) I got WAY more than what I expected from the Avatar state."
76561198074758856,Not Recommended,281690,17079232,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,vitos1818,"Boring, lame landscape, there is a glitch that mutes all music and sound until you quit the mission."
,Not Recommended,281690,16953037,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,excut,"Bad story line, There are 3 bosses that you fight over and over again that I think are supposed to be different people even though the only diference is their clothing color. Just a poor beat-em-up game in general"
76561198076052458,Recommended,281690,16953881,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,aaron18013,"So far I like the game. Got it on sale for $ 3.75, so I definitely am getting my money's worth. It has some rough edges and difficult spots, but is pretty fun. The polar dog thingy sequences are annyoing, but entertaing enough. The backgrounds are drab, but the character models are nifty. The combat controls are pretty good (it IS a Platinum game, after all.) Love the fully animated cutscenes, with proper voices. The counter system is a wee bit frustrating though. On normal it is fairly difficult, so unless you are already an aficanado of brawlers like Devil May Cry, God of War, or even Platinum's own Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising, you might want to turn it down to easy.7/10 WOULD BEND AGAIN... AHHH MY CABBAGES!"
76561198061881960,Recommended,281690,16954418,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Risurin,"A bit short (understandable with the price tag), but really good noneless. I hope they make more of this!"
,Recommended,281690,16954719,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,themitchjones,So worth it!
76561198039704291,Recommended,281690,16955160,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ArchDragon,Great combat system.
76561198067241663,Recommended,281690,16955442,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ego,"Fun combat and a story thats no existant. and repetetive enemies, along with a short play time and a villain thats character development is only laughing. Yet for some reason this game is still worth it. Be sure you've seen the first two books of Korra or you'll be spoiled and lost as the story is not explained if it even has one. Ment to be played more than once for sure"
,Not Recommended,281690,16955491,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,WODY HG200K,"Only played an hour, and there is a lot I have to say about it. This game is an okay beat-em-up, and that's about it. Cool combos, cool bending, but it falls short. The camera is awful, the story is forgettable as well as the characters, the AI is dumb, and the game is pretty short. Combat can get repetitive. I am a rabid fan of Avatar but this was disappointing. One day it'd be great to have a Skyrim, Batman: Arkham City-esque Avatar game. Worth it on a sale, but don't pay full price for this bland ""meh""-train."
76561198027533285,Recommended,281690,16955579,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Hellblazer32,"This is my third playthrough and I enjoy it as much as I did the first time, The story is about 3/4 hours long and it is worth the £2.99(currently on sale) Pro bending is a nice side game for when you get bored of the story.Only downside is that every 20 seconds my fps drops from 60 to 45 and my specs are:8GB RamAMD FX 8350AMD HD RADEON 7850 2GBThe game is installed onto my Raid drive."
76561198065378736,Recommended,281690,16956174,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Zodshotu,"i Gotta say, i LOVE the Avatar series. The first with Aang and the Sencond with Korra. I think this game was very good. nice and challenging. If you love the Series, then buy this ""on sale"". Only bad thing about it... it was WAY way to short. I loved the last boss fight! Tough!  BUT!!  I did'nt even know he was the last boss till i saw the credits rolling. Took me off gaurd. ""sad face"""
76561198086496329,Recommended,281690,16956218,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,luigirocks10,"the mechanics of the game have a small learning curve, that was quite annoying, but once you understand that counter is your best friend its really fun. im a huge fan of the Avatar universe so thats a plus, its like a deleted episode :p 11/10 probably delete it after i get all of the achievements xD"
,Recommended,281690,16956321,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,anders - afk from 12th to ???,"don't buy this game only cuz you like the anime.buy this game if you like games like devil may cry, castlevania lords of shadow or metal gear rising; revengeance.It's a nice short game to play in a day but actually quite challenging.As for the port quality:it's ok-ish, the game WORKS that's about ita very small options menuno resolutions over 1920x1080(which i somehow don't mind)locked at 60fps"
,Recommended,281690,19503564,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,DyeAnne68,Love the Show !! I really like this game too It's fun to play !!
13371337133766666,Recommended,281690,19500759,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Cisco Engineer,As expected from Platinum Games.The same fast paced combat and great replay value.Still10 times better than DMC:Devil may cry
,Recommended,281690,19387439,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,sxc_rahb,You feel like you are the Avatar. Great game - loved every minute.
76561197973316997,Recommended,281690,19412416,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Nikku_5,"I've been a huge fan of the Avatar series for many years and I was excited to play this game (evn if it had bad reviews), the game to me was overall good story and gameplay wise. Some things however I did not enjoy.The camera in the game is really really hard to control. It's really stiff and barely wants to move. Locking on to targets was also a bit of a pain because some enemies would take up the whole screen, and since you were locked on, you couldn't move the camera to see what else they were doing off screen, the reason I'm pointing this out is becasue there is a counter fighting system in the game, but if you can't see what's happening off screen, then you don't know how/when to counter. I also didn't enjoy how you can't change any of the controls, playing this game on keyboard was pretty hard for me, I have to say.It may seem like the game might not be worth it, but the story telling and action is what I enjoyed the most and the reason why I'm giving it a good score.I also loved loved LOVED the fighting system in the game. It didn't feel stale or felt like it was getting old becasue there were 4 different fighting styles and some enemies would change the way they fought you based on what element you used. It felt like it was a mini movie or another extra episode of Legend of Korra and YOU were in control. The final fight, to me, was everything I wanted to see with Korra fighting and going nuts and stuff and again...You were in control of it! I enjoyed it, many might not. The game is really for fans of the show I would say. It eeven has a sweet little message for everyone after the credits, made it feel like a nice little indie game that meant alot to these guys.  7/10"
,Recommended,281690,19339931,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hero,"So I bought this game because it was on sale, and I'll tell you what, I was not dissapointed. Bending and beating up chi blockers is fun, with a bit of diversity in enemies as you progress through the story and unlock your bending elements once more. Graphics are okay, nothing you can really make super crazy fancy with this cartoony style.The only problems I've encountered were in the short platforming sections, but that may be on my end because I always have the speed talisman equipped at all times."
,Recommended,281690,19340546,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,turntablistnoize,Awesome game! I enjoyed the play through on every difficulty and even was challenged at the hardest difficulty. Just wish there was more. Lets get some DLC! ha
,Not Recommended,281690,19517299,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SkeletygaMike,"It's incredibly mediocre and what seems to be competent from the outside has some glaring flaws once you start playing. Enemies have too much health is the major one. That and there isn't much enemy variety. If you're absolutely starved for the ol' Platinum♥♥♥♥♥♥or you're a fan of the cartoon this may sate your appetite, but as far as character action games go, this doesn't hold up near as well as say Bayonetta, MGR, or even Transformers Devastation."
,Not Recommended,281690,19525301,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ex_oddinary,"I love korra skill dances and variation, love the gameplay, but seriously the game design is too bad. I really hate the fact that if you restart (when you died), you keep on waiting the animation of the mobs - which is bloody too long. It's really annoying. The animation for the mobs to show their appearance is just a waste of time. Why can't they make it only once, or at least cancellable? I am too annoyed to finish the game.And really, the boss fight + mobs is truly imbalance. It's not like I don't know how to play, in fact evading all the time. The mobs on the other hand is too tanky and too damaging. I have always on ""wtf moment"" against the mobs.My suggestion - it drains to time too much. It's not worth playing."
76561198103374153,Recommended,281690,19450860,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,BOT ZOMBIE MAN,<3
,Not Recommended,281690,19504407,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,nocturne,"If you've watched the series, the opening music will give you a shot of nostalgia swiftly reinforced by the show's opening: ""Earth. Fire. Air. Water.""This is followed by the slow dawning of the realisation this game is less about bending than it is about jumping.I don't remember the show as having Korra jumping from literal platform to platform. And you don't just have to play a platformer as Korra, you also have to do it controlling Naga, Korra's polar bear dog, as she runs-jumps in three of the eight levels. Unless you enjoy restarting from a checkpoint every time you fall off a ledge or run headfirst into a wall because you didn't turn fast enough, this gets tedious fast.The good part, of course, is the fighting. You do feel like Korra as you bend your way through a swarm of enemies and one highlight is being able to use the overpowered Avatar State. Another plus is the pro-bending sub-game.Sadly, the long passages you have to run through to get from fight to fight feels like padding made to lengthen the playtime. I finished in seven hours, most of which was having to do the same few minute section over and over because I missed the timing on one jump.A short playtime isn't that bad, except the story isn't engaging, serving only to give context to why Korra doesn't have all her bending at the start of the game. And when Korra says ""I wish Bolin and Mako were here."" it serves as a reminder the game actually knows it is the characters and their interactions which make the show good.Too little bending, too much jumping.Only get it if you enjoy repetition.###The codes are, from left to right - 131RLR and 1133L.At the shop screen - 2244L.LR are Left and Right-Click. Numpad doesn't work."
76561198042003546,Recommended,281690,16869259,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Robbie922004,"I'd recommend this if you get it on sale, but I don't think it's worth the full $15 asking price.I played through this game on normal difficulty in under three and a half hours. Replay is encouraged on harder difficulties or to go raise your experience in each school of bending, but I managed to do that in about 30 minutes after finishing the game just by replaying a few levels.The gameplay is great, there's no question. Platinum knows their gameplay. Even with its short length, I'd say it's easily the best Avatar game I've played. But the game really suffers by not giving you every school of bending up front and making you unlock them as you progress. By the time you have all of them, the game is pretty much over. You get waterbending first, and it has the longest range but the weakest attack. Then earthbending, which is the strongest, but slowest with fairly short range. Then fire, which is fast and does a lot of damage, but has the shortest range. Finally you unlock airbending which is just straight up OP with great damage, great range, and the ability to hit virtually any amount of enemies on screen all at once.There's also a weird endless runner-style minigame between some levels, and it's not fun at best and actively annoying at worst. Worse still is that at one point there's a boss encounter during this minigame and it's just super tedious and not fun at all. Still, you'll probably spend less than 20 minutes all told in this mode so it's no huge deal.But still, it's a fun little game that I snagged for $7 and I don't regret a thing at that price. Will definitely be replaying now that I've got everything unlocked in terms of combos and bending. Avoid at full price, though."
,Recommended,281690,19777283,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Denica,"I've played this game for almost twenty hours and have completed it on casual, normal and extreme mode. For any fans of Legend of Korra, or Avatar the Last Airbender fo that matter, this game is must. It's fun and you get to do a lot of bending. The only bad thing I found in this game was that monsters, especially bosses, tend to get very repetitive. They use the same attack pattern over and over, so it canget a bit boring once you crack the pattern.Otherwise, the game runs pretty smoothly, even if you're not using a gaming computer. The music is awesome and the story, as well as the graphics, correspond to the show.So, if you're a fan of Korra, buy this game. If you're just interested in a cool fighting game, this can also be for you."
,Recommended,281690,19550317,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Spookel,"This is such a good beat'em up game with a very nice story. It's very challenging, especially if you don't utilise other parts of combat such as using counters and powered up moves. You can alter combat to your satisfaction with talismans (have passive effects) and using different elements.The only major flaw is starting up the game: it takes like 30 seconds telling you who made the game like Criware and Nickelodeon and it kind of makes you resent them in some way and kind of ruins the game if you start and stop playing it a lot (can't be skipped with -nostartupmovies)."
76561198086936517,Recommended,281690,19718363,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,bonashi2,good games
,Recommended,281690,19725364,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Silverdawn,"A lovely game well-worth the price. Combat is fluid and exciting, though a little over-easy once you unlock airbending. The story itself is nothing special, but it doesn't need to be. The campaign takes place comfortably within the Avatar continuity. Gameplay is a mix of combat and adventuring, with a few racing minigames and quick time events. There's a new game plus mode, a Pro Bending League mode, and plenty of opportunities to grind for cool items.A very positive, if relatively brief, experience. Good for about five or ten hours of fun."
76561198074044224,Recommended,281690,19641572,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Weenie Hut Jr's,"I recommend playing this game only if you have actually watched the entire series of Legend of Korra.  That was it'll make much more sense when you actually play this game because it barely explains anything.  It won't be very entertaining to someone who has never watched the show.With that being said, it lacks story.  It barely has a story.  As for the gameplay.  It isn't bad, it does have some variety with what you'll be doing but it's nothing special.  I didn't get bored of it within  the 5 hours it took me to complete the main story line.  When you're done the main story line however there are some other things you can do such as pro bending and stuff.  If you're into collecting achievments as well, based on looking at the achievments it doesn't look like a hard game to 100%.  I suck at 100%-ing games and I think I just might do it.Buy this game on sale if you have watched The Legend of Korra and just want to more to do with the series and stuff.  It'll keep you entertained for a little bit.  Nothing special though."
76561198185510909,Not Recommended,281690,19646456,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,svallard1,"This is the worst thing I've ever experienced that was made by Platinum. For starters, if you're expecting Bayonetta levels of combat here, you're very wrong. Legend of Korra makes you grind your bending powers just to get your full move set. Why can't you have the full set immediately? Because then you might actually have a chance against the game's brutal difficulty. The game is short, only a little under three hours (according to other reviews), so they decided the game should be made extremely hard to compensate. Also, remember those QTE's in Bayonetta and The wonderful 101 that shortened boss fights or were flashy finishers as rewards for killing a boss? Here, they are pretty much mandatory if you want to beat ANY boss with ANY sort of efficiency. This is not a good representation of what Platinum is capable of and should not be held against them. For instance, I died to the third boss at least 5 times just because some idiot decided to make the palette for his stunning ranged attack the same as the palette for 90% of his body, meaning you can't see it. So you see him prepare an attack, fire immediately because he has no extra wind-up besides raising his arm, stun you because the attack is so fast and you can't see it, and then he rams you for 3/4 of your health. By the way, that boss can take up to a half hour on its own when you first fight it. And if you're going to say ""Well can't you just dodge and slow down time like in Bayonetta?"" I'm sorry to say that the Witch Time mechanic was not carried over. Instead they chose to use a counter based combat system. That's an ok concept in itself, but they do it so poorly here. To start, your block and counter button are the same button. Cool right? Well in order to counter attacks, you have to push the button the EXACT moment before the attack hits, otherwise you do a block. That doesn't sound bad by itself, until you realize that every enemy takes forever to kill and the only way to kill them quickly is through the use of counters. Also spamming the button doesn't work either, as Korra is given a delay time after letting go of the counter button. There's also the fact that none of the elements can combo together. They only have their own individual combos which already are barely anywhere close to as deep or flashy as those in Bayonetta or Transformers Devastation (another excellent Platinum game that just so happened to be licensed). I didn't run into any glitches so the game is fine in that department. The graphics are nice and the art style matches the show pretty well (even if the animated scenes look like colored storyboards once in a while). I do not recommend this game simply because it is an action-fighting game where the fighting is terrible."
,Recommended,281690,19642857,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zik,"Legend of Korra is about a feisty female Avatar whom likes to kick butt. o///o;;I must say, the combat is truly amazing for such a game. Elements are very detailed. Achievements are a little easy to obtain, but some people prefer it that way.Story is great, but short. My only down fall on this game is that the story is very short.Would recommend this to fans of the anime, but not to your typical ""gamer"" gamers."
,Recommended,281690,19662278,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,SkyWaltz,"Overall pretty good game. It has some weird difficulty spikes, making some parts harder than it needs to be. I guess if you're not a fan of the tv show you may not enjoy it as much. But I had fun playing this, 5/10!"
76561198044253134,Recommended,281690,19629877,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Suohryu,"Its alright, Nice short, if you like avatar korra, you will like this game.Could use better tutorials."
,Recommended,281690,16591174,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Voicelock,+This is The Legend of Korra+Gurl protagonist-Need more outfit :D-Whole Game thing (who cares by the way)10/10 would rate 10/10
,Not Recommended,281690,16724771,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,kuncendorfs,"Not a complete garbage, but very mediocre.Ther's nothing particular about this game. No character.It feels soulless and mechanical.I suppose fans of series might enjoy it but since i'm not i can not recommend this.Get DMC, LOS, MGR or Enslaved instead.Or Killer is Dead, if they f'ing fix it."
76561198022032286,Recommended,281690,16739380,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Uayvoc,Was very good :D but a little short for my taste but well worth the buy :D
,Recommended,281690,16741054,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,kasperore,"Its a cool game. I think it gives a good experience of the anime version. It takes morge than 1 walktrough to perfect the game. The only thing that would make this game even better, is adding pro bending multiplayer."
,Recommended,281690,16665858,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,eagledaddy,"Auto buy for fans of the series (even if not on sale).The gameplay is solid, you can't really rely on bending alone, need to dodge and counterattack in order to defeat some of the enemies which will overpower you at certain points in the game.Replayability for me, not so much. I didn't really needed to back track to other stages (in order to farm for equipment) so it boils down to how much you want to complete the game, found items / ratings and other stuff.There is a sort of runner minigame with Naga and a Pro-bending minigame at certain points in the game. Pro bending mode can be unlocked after finishing the main game.The mood of the series is captured very well in the music as well as the animated sequences in between chapters / fights. It's like watching the series, but you TAKE PART directly in the action.Bending = 11/10 easily."
,Recommended,281690,16701681,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AbnormalSOB,"This game is not hard to play, the game fallows the TV series, but has its own story. If you like watching the TV series than you should at less try and play this game."
,Recommended,281690,16707628,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,atropine,"A sweet little Platinum brawler. It's simple and short, but very well-executed.The pro-bending mode is a real treat for fans, but you need to beat the game on normal difficulty to unlock it... which actually proved to be a challenge. You'll get your butt handed to you if you attempt to button mash your enemies into submission, especially with the bosses. Learn to counter! There are some attacks that can't be blocked (shock, earthbending), so you're forced to dodge as well. Dodge too much and you're momentarily vulnerable during a cool-down. The bending mechanics themselves are pretty balanced. Each element has strengths and weaknesses to encourage you to swap them around to suit the situation.There almost no options for tweaking the graphics, but it's not a terribly demanding game that might need all of that. You can adjust brightness, set the resolution, toggle full screen, and switch the graphic quality between ""Normal"" and ""Smooth"" (which seems to toggle anti-aliasing on or off, respectively). The game runs at a steady 60 fps.The camera gets obnoxious in some areas, which is no fun when you're worried about falling to your death or you're trying to see which enemy you're locked on to.The story and dearth of characters are really the game's weakest points. Seems like the limited budget largely went into gameplay and mechanics. It's mainly a solo adventure for Korra. Nothing life-changing, just a ton of fighting. Mako and Bolin show up in-game for the sake of pro-bending, and have zero involvement in the actual story. Jinora is literally a floating tutorial. Asami is MIA. Lin and the RCPD would have been a sensible addition considering the chaos going down in her city, but whatever. Limited budget. At the very least, all the characters have their original voice actors and a lot of the music is the stuff you already know and love from Jeremy Zuckerman.Definitely worth playing if you're a Korra fan."
76561197961632856,Recommended,281690,17444625,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,so0ky,"Legend of Korra is one of those games that will push you.  It pushes you in a way so that you have foundational ability for ALL of the various abilities at your disposal.  So for the Chi, you should level up all of your various Chi (water, earth, fire, and wind) to max level which in essence makes you somewhat fluent in all of the various combos.  Second, there are challenges within the game.  So one very difficult challenge before you have fire or wind chi, is to have a 40 combo streak without taking damage, and you must give damage at a certain period of time.  With only water and earth, this is quite difficult and frustrating.  However, you get much better at blocking and dodging.  Which is the point.  You HAVE to dodge AND block.  There are other games like this one where I can just dodge and get away with it.  With all of that said, by the time you beat the game, you become the player that this game was designed to make you.  Which means there is high replayability.  I don't replay games that much.  I beat them, and move on.  This game I want to unlock everything, at least at this point.  Because I feel like I am just now able to truly play the game after beating it.It looks very beautiful.  I believe it uses the Crytek engine, I could be wrong.  The counter attack animations change on a per-chi basis.  Fatalities change on a per Chi basis.  It is just well made.I will say, the story line is lacking.  Pretty bad.  But the challenging gameplay makes up for everything.It's a great game.  And oh yeah, you absolutely need a gamepad for this game.  I don't think it would be possible with the mouse and keyboard.  I do recommend."
76561198032653832,Recommended,281690,16938427,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,itachi [-.-],Pretty good game. Graphics is good. Combat is good. Gameplay was decent.Prolly a 7/10 overall
,Recommended,281690,16938693,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SirGaga,"Get this while it's on sale. It is somewhat difficult at first but easy to learn from your mistakes. The game doesn't have many enemies or moves, the budget is fairly low but it's still rather satisfying to play through the game."
76561198053989269,Recommended,281690,16939120,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,KaideGirault,"I bought the game on a whim, as I enjoyed the series a great deal. I didn't really expect a whole lot from it, as I've seen so many bad games made from TV series. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I enjoyed this game.Pros-The combos are fun.The animations are smooth, and the art style is spot on.Cons-Some of the bosses and action sequences are difficult/annoying.I don't really like the Temple Run-style portions.All in all, I'd give the game a 8/10."
76561198018431006,Recommended,281690,16939257,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Lil Toes,Dank 9/10That -1 is not dank.
,Recommended,281690,16939346,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Googley Moogley,"A decent game, but nothing to write home about considering it is platinum. I expected slightly higher quality, but for a licensed game it is definitely nowhere near the bottom. If you liked LoK it is definitely worth a playthrough or two due to its shortness."
76561198058414371,Recommended,281690,16940298,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sarumaam,Surprisingly excellent- fun to play over-and-over
,Recommended,281690,16941010,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dennis Reynolds,"This is really fun and well made game for $15.00 so if you can get it for ~$5, DO IT! It's also much more difficult than you'd expect from a Nickelodeon game."
,Recommended,281690,16941093,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Drath,Basically Bayonetta lite with Legend of Korra theme. Difficult and rewarding. Get this game if you don't have a Wii U but want to play Bayonetta.
,Recommended,281690,16940188,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,gustinex,Korra May Cry
76561197972393860,Recommended,281690,16942510,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Fudds,"This game goes to show that you can make even the most basic game mechanics and put it in the Avatar world and swing it.The Good- Great Combat System (to be expected from Platinum Games)- Nice bending upgrade system- Great music- Pro Bending Mini GameThe Bad- Story is weak- Graphics are weak (though animations are loyal to show and nice)- Leaves so much to be desired out of an avatar gameThe bottom line: This game is worth grabbing when it's on sale for sure. The story can be beaten in 5 hours and there's a small amount of replayability. This game will make you want a full fledged, open world avatar game. You'll go through the game just imagining what it can truly be, then get sad because you know it will never happen."
,Recommended,281690,16943525,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,austingoop2234,"This game is AMAZING! If you liked the cartoon,you will surely like this game!This game has all the elements of a action packed indie game,plus the story is very facinating and interesting.It will definetly have you at the edge of your seat!"
,Recommended,281690,16944431,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,"Berkay ""Avina"" Aytaç",This game is really good if you are a Korra fan you should buy it. But this game is really short if u won't boring when you play same levels buy it :)
76561198159992191,Recommended,281690,17931602,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,petarhp,"To begin with, I am a huge fan of the whole saga, ATLA and LOK. I was both extremely surprised and happy, when I found out the game was being released in October last year. I bought it at the first available moment and since then I have been playing it over and over again.So, the game has low requirements, so it is lame-PC-friendly, it is interesting, because it shows a great side story apart from the TV series and the comic books. It isn't necessery for one to be an Avatar fan in order to like the game. The fighting stances are easy to get used to, but once you try extreme mode, trust me, s**t gets real. You have an achievment list, you have Probending competitions, Shop, interactive missions / with Naga, the huge polar bear dog /. The graphics - yeah, they are not the best, but they are done like in the cartoon. The game is addictive, not too short, neither too long. It is cheap, fun and pretty much amazing. I don't get why it got all the hate? You want amazing games, which are expensive or hard to deal with, you get this and you whine? Guys, seriously. Try it and you won't be disappointed.As for the DLC... I am devastated, because nobody has an interest in developing another game or a Probending minigame. Won't lose hope though.. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,281690,30520813,Posted: 15 March,all,Sally 4th,"This is a decent action game, but you may be a bit disappointed if you're purchasing it as a Legend of Korra fan. Korra and her pet Naga are the only characters who makes a substantial appearance in the game. Mako and Bolin--members of the main cast--have maybe 10 lines of dialogue between them. Their character models don't even show up in the main story mode. Asami--another member of the main cast--isn't in the game. At all. Neither is Tenzin or Lin; the children of the main characters from the previous series, Avatar: The Last Airbender. The bosses you fight are mostly the three guys Korra beats up in the very first episode of the show. And you fight them again, and again. For all this, the game largely fails as a piece of fan service.However, I'm still recommending this game because I found it fun enough to be worth my time, relative to the low price of the game. The combat system is very simple (the counter move one-shots everything but bosses) but very flashy and eye-catching. In the last parts of the game, you get to use the Avatar State (think Super Saiyan) and blast through a whole army of baddies, and that was a blast.There are certainly better action games out there, but I don't regret spending time with this one."
76561197970991170,Recommended,281690,17975037,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Strogg,I really enjoyed this game i hope they make more legend of korra games?If your a fan of the cartoon series  you will love this game
,Not Recommended,281690,18064232,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,JonnyBigBoi,Is no bueno
76561197991898373,Recommended,281690,18062263,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Jordi,AVATAR THEME SONG!10/10
,Recommended,281690,18096705,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,=Kl0v3R=,If you can't get enough of The Avatar then this game is definitely your thing.
76561198047790552,Recommended,281690,16867591,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Nget,I NEED DLC FOR THIS GAME!
76561198065841495,Recommended,281690,16872261,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Oh-ba-ma-selffffff!!!,"One of the fastest game i ever finished. The plot is made for the Avatar fans to enjoy otherwise you wouldn't completely understand the story and getting to bend all four elements is pretty fun. In this game, it will explain what happened to the blockers after Amon died and how was the town after the mess from book 2: spirit. If you are the Avatar fan, you might find this game enjoyable as you feel like watching an extra story and get to move around yourself in there."
,Recommended,281690,16874623,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,~ el patron ~,>
76561198030853806,Not Recommended,281690,16853682,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Desert Gurt,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198168674339,Recommended,281690,17454385,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Xyndrome,I thoroughly enjoyed this game.  It really gives you the power to feel like you are the Avatar and that you can kick anyones♥♥♥♥♥that you see fit.+gameplay+story-cameraI do not know what happened to the camera in this game but it felt kind of like Ray Charles decided to fly a quadcopter.  It was the only thing that detracted from this game.  It put you in some interesting spots sometimes but other than that the game is amazing.
76561198111444083,Recommended,281690,17340000,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Owlcheeseface,"I feel that there could be more story, and you if you would be able to make it so that we could be diffrent characters (Mako, Bolin, ect.) it would make it more exciting."
,Recommended,281690,17755550,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Megatauntaun,"Lets get the bad stuff out of the way first. Its a very short game. Eight chapters is what you get, and if you are good enough not to die during any of the levels it could take you up to 5 hours on Normal, or less on Casual. Although the show the game is based on is very story, and character driven the game's plot is not. The antagonist has almost no development, and is pretty generic. Korra has no real development period. Also, I'm surprised by how little involvement side characters like Jinora, with Mako, and Bolin providing almost nothing to plot besides Pro-Bending tournaments. ASAMI IS NOWHERE TO BE SEEN. Not even Tenzin! The lack of side characters saddened me, but to be fair the game's focus was not on them. The level design is pretty straightforward, and kind of empty, but I expected it in this type of game. Finally, the difficulty (at least for me) is pretty high. Normal took me around 6+ hours to complete with me having to repeat sections 3-5 or sometimes even up to 10 times! Start off Casual is my advice.Now for the good, which in my opinion outweigh the bad. The cel shaded graphics were a great desicion to bring the characters, and the world of the show to a video game medium. Music is the same from the show which means its great. The collectables, and achievement names are great little shoutouts to the show. The animations for the bending is gorgeous, and true to the show. THE GAMEPLAY IS AH-MAZING. Platinum Games is one of the best developers of the character action genre. From Bayonetta to Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, The Legend of Korra has that P* Seal of Quality. The bending is fast paced, and great to look at. Dodging, and counters are fluid. Combos are smooth like butter. The amount of FUN in this game is off the charts.In conclusion, if you're looking for fun button-bashing goodness, and are a fan of the series pick this up full price you won't be disappointed. For everyone else get it on sale if you want. This is a Platinum game through, and through, and it is great."
,Recommended,281690,17523954,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,GenericNoun,"This game is going to appeal to two kinds of people: Legend of Korra and Platinum fans. I happen to be both, so my review may be a little biased. However, overall I find it easy to recommend this game.The Legend of Korra is a spectacle fighter where you play as the Avatar, Korra, from the Nickelodeon show of the same name. To make it better, it was developed by one of the greatest spectacle fighter developers around, Platinum Games. Although this sounds like a match made in heaven, the reality isn't quite what it seems.  It's exclusively digital availability coupled a fairly short development time makes it fairly obvious this was a B-team, if not C-team, effort. This is hardly the full retail experience you'd find in games like Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising. However, the game seeps with Platinum's influence and will be enjoyable to anybody who knows what they're getting themselves into.You control the titular character, Korra, and bend the four elements to defeat large groups of enemies to progress across eight levels. In addition, you occasionally control Korra's ""Polar Bear Dog"" named Naga in running sequences. The main meat of the game is in the combat, as you switch between which elements to bend and accommodate for the situation. You'll perform counters to boost your combo score while trying to defeat enemies in the shortest amount of time in order to obtain ranked medals after each fight. All of this may sound somewhat familiar if you've ever played a Platinum game before, and it should be. Though it should be said the game is fairly short and the combat is hardly complicated. In addition, you should be aware that most of your abilities are locked from the beginning and must be unlocked as you progress through the story. However, if that puts you off there actually is a cheat code to unlock the bending skills from the beginning if you're not a fan of the ""Abilitease"" philosophy.Outside of the combat a comment should be made about the source material. If you bought this game expecting some fan references, they are far and few between in this game. The only characters you'll recognize in the main game are Korra herself and occasionally Jinora. Mako and Bolin make brief appearances in the forgettable ""Pro-bending Mode"" but other than that the only fanservice here is being able to play as the Avatar and reading the vanity item descriptions. It's hard to recommend this game on fanservice alone.Overall, this game is a must buy if it's on sale. At full price it's still worth playing, but only if you happen to be both a fan of Korra and Platinum."
,Recommended,281690,17387848,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,XODraco200732,"7/10The game does well to make you feel that you are playing an episode of the actual series. The cutscenes look as though they have been lifted from an episode and the gameplay graphics have a cartoony style.The game plays well and changing between the four elements is fluid and simple. Playing as Korra is fun as you can use all her abilities and upgrade the elements for new abilities. There are a lot of moments when QTEs (quick time events) are used. I do not like QTEs and I found them to be annoying at times; one type of enemy can start them in thw middle of one of your attacks and I felt they stopped the flow of the fights.There are sections where you play as Naga. These sections are on the rails where you jump and slide to avoid obstacles. Each of korra's elements can be used for particular udgrades (eg. water can be used to create a barrier in front of Naga to take one hit. I must state that I do not like on the rail games so I found these sections unenjoyable, but if you like on the rails you might enjoy these sections.You can also play in pro-bending matches. I thought these were quite fun at first but they became repetitive and a bit boring after you have played a lot of them.The story is okay, it's not exciting really. It happens between season 2 and season 3 of the series. This story does not add anything to the TV series story so if you watch the series and have not played this game you are not missing out. There are  only 9 chapters which are rather short, so be aware that it is not a long game (unless you want to work for the achievements.)Overall a decent game. Something that can be done in your free time as a casual game. If, like me, you enjoyed the series then it's a nice extra addition to the series."
,Recommended,281690,17308827,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Taco Donald,Good game! The story is way better though!! Is like another book full of new adventures!
76561198221121196,Recommended,281690,17316046,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,yanirk2006,ok
,Not Recommended,281690,17571519,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,VFD,"It's pretty meh. There's only like 5 or 6 different enemies and the storyline is basically nonexistant. Definitely not worth full price, but maybe on sale if you're into Avatar."
,Recommended,281690,17625152,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,seVer,Seriously one of the best games I've played in a long time. The only problems are that it is really short and the air ball. DON'T BUY THE ♥♥♥♥ING AIR BALL. Waste of damn chi!
,Not Recommended,281690,17626066,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Zayde Sithon,"As a fan of the TV show, I really wanted to like this game but I just can't. Me and the combat system just don't get along at all. And that's pretty much the entire game as there's not much story or life to the environments. The targeting system never seemed to target the enemy I wanted and attacking just feels clunky and unnatural. Blocking never seemed to do much once the electical enemies show up and while dodging works pretty well, the sheer amount of enemies make chaining attacks together difficult because you'll need to spend 3/4 of the fight just dodging enemies that flank you. And on Normal mode, you can't afford to take many hits. I suppose I could have bumped down to the easy mode but I was too frustrated and the story wasn't enough for me to want to keep playing. Ultimately, I'm left feeling pretty disappointed."
76561198040229985,Recommended,281690,22471252,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dustinpuffer,"The game a bit short but it nevertheless it was good, the developer incoporated the bending systems perfectly, seamless changes between bending styles as a avartar.The story is a bit short thought so I only recomened this game when it on sales. Finished the game in only a few hour"
,Recommended,281690,22476027,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Cartman,♥♥♥♥ing nice and cool game but theres 2 SECRET CODES has not worksthere only 1 code work for me the code is : 1 3 1 (right click)  (left click)  (right click)i was try  the others codes but they are not workbut away all the pepole has talk about the cameraits so bad
76561198016081725,Recommended,281690,21729703,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Rabbit Fish,Hey DevelopersHats off to you you're probly onto the next game by nowAnyway great job big fan of the game and series and i loved that it didn't just retell the series.i have one request make it available to steam workshop and let the coders make1. Multiplayer Pro Bending2. Texture Packs3. Maybe a Co-op modeGame 10/10
,Recommended,281690,21816109,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Dry-Man De Homem-Christo,"Platinum Lite, finely distilled in anime."
,Recommended,281690,21785240,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,bonhil,"This game is pretty fun to play and I love any sort of bending games!It would be more fun though if you can try to add a multiplayer mode and a ''free world'' or whatever you call it. It's boring to only play story mode. Pro-bending is ok but you can only be a waterbender with 2 abilities only :|I recommend this game but at the same time it's not that worth the money in my opinion.If this game would cost 7 euro's for instance, it would be more recommendableI probably recommend this 55%"
76561198028902017,Recommended,281690,22436240,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,-_SNΞAKY_-,"I am big dark souls fan. I love challenges and hard games. Lgend of Korra on normal difficulty is freaking HARD! I rage quit this game! When you try to be smart and play with skills, you will never done it. Imposible, put there humanity and bonfires and it is harder than dark souls"
76561198020746084,Not Recommended,281690,22436946,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Donki,"The game is NOT BAD >>>>>>>>>>> ITS FRUSTRATING AS HELL+Visually its good, controls fluid, cutsceenes cool, runs well on lower end rig, controller support-camera is absolute garbage-use counter well and you basically know how to kill everything (it just takes an eon to do so)-in game shop limits the res and hp potion buying - and given how you loose half your healt from an enemy generally farting towards you, thats badI do not mind that it resuses the same aenemy in different collors with a game this long.But there are enemies that are frustratingly long to fight (and you do the same over and over)And the game steps up the difficulty by throwing in all of them at once by the en.With the bad camera putting all those hellish long no actuall chalange, but frustrating fights was excruciating.At one point you fight 2 huge spirits, in very small arena, where you cannot go to the side of the arena, just the middle.Those 2 things are so big they cover the damn screen. Could not see what I was doing.And just when you think you are all done, comes the big bad boss.-Repetitive between the same 3-4 attacks, only faster as you progress.-HUGE f4cking health -> its a bore to go through it (I still could not push myself trough it)-it has one checkpoint, where you it still has 65% of its health ---> so no matter how well you do from there on, a lethal mistake throws you back to that 65% and you can start over. Given how frustratingly long the boss is, you will very likely make a fatal error, just by getting hand cramp (serouslly).By all means give it a try, but don't start on normal, as the difficulty spikes from ok to, what the hell just happened, and it will be far to short with way to many frustrations for you to enjoy it properly."
76561197993690491,Recommended,281690,22438964,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sol,"A bit rough around the edges, and the plot doesn't live up to the source material. Hearing Janet Varney to voice Korra is excellent, but doesn't make up for the story for sure.HOWEVER... the gameplay is fantastic with a high difficulty ceiling. Legend of Korra is a solid beat-em-up, and the gameplay and levels keep you invested enough to make up for the lackluster plot and story scenes. If you enjoy the series or enjoy a good 3D beat-em-up, definitely give it a try."
76561198059458525,Recommended,281690,22434667,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Alex123rocks,Hey! Thats pretty good!This is a pretty good game and very challenging its got combos and everything69/10 - Its pretty good
,Recommended,281690,22419227,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Dhruva,"As a fan of the avatar shows as a kid, and the legend of korra shows as well. I can say this game is amazing."
76561198147102579,Recommended,281690,22425994,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KakunaRatata,"is better then i look, serious try it very fun game and cool"
,Recommended,281690,22428872,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Yaydave,"A huge fan of the original Avatar: The Last Airbender animated series so when I noticed this was 75% off I had to buy it. If you like the T.V. show then you will enjoy what this has to offer, much better than the Avatar game on the 360!"
,Recommended,281690,22187800,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Honey bee,"Exactly the quality to expect out of Platinum, but in bite sized form. A short journey and forgettable story are easily made up for with wonderful combat and great graphics. Although the difficulty can seem low, if you ignore the more overpowered items it definitely gets hard on extreme difficulty and in the pro-bending tournament. The short length actually works to its advantage once you're done, allowing you to easily replay the entire game multiple times working towards getting pure platinum rank in all levels or self imposed challenges like completing the game using only one style.All in all, if you're looking for a lightweight but competent action game, give this one a try."
76561198148246793,Not Recommended,281690,22226865,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Atomicly_Stoned,
,Recommended,281690,14155038,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Rycluse,"Short version: Are you a fan of the show? If yes, wait for a Steam sale and get it. If not, skip it.Pros:-Once the game finally hits the road the combat is fun-Decent challenge-Does a good job at recreating the awesomeness of bending from the show (this is the main draw, really)Cons:-Asinine story, even by tie-in standards-Horrible, horrible first impression. The first few missions are just awful. It gets better once your bending is back, trust me.-Very short. Again, if you're planning on getting it, I'd recommend waiting for a sale. $10 is a decent value for this, though $15 isn't terrible, either."
76561198121643679,Not Recommended,281690,22242128,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Granite,stupid
76561198012833532,Recommended,281690,22494468,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"If you like the tv show, there is no other way about it, you gotta buy this game, because somewhere inside you wanted to be bender and using all 4 elements to vanquish your opponents. Fighting gameplay will satisfy all Avatar and Korra lovers. It is a shame the game is so short, it deserves to be at least 2 times as long."
76561198222031184,Recommended,281690,22492709,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,wareagle1997,Good game especially for the budget and price. Avatar fans owe it to themselves to at least try this one out. 8/10
,Recommended,281690,22492742,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lyssa,Very fun game!  The combat style is really cool and it's oddly alot harder than you'd think! Super entertaining. The only thing that I didn't like about it was sometimes the camera angle goes all funky. (Oh and the last boss fight takes FOREVERRRR)  Other than that it's super awesome to play. :D  definitely worth the buy if you like a challenge. :)
76561198013533210,Recommended,281690,22493846,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Senders,Fun but it was over before it started. Only worth buying if it's on a 75% special.
,Recommended,281690,16956961,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Rocket Man,10/10 cool graphic
76561198071474836,Recommended,281690,16957819,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DairyCow,"The game was great and seeing it's so cheap right now I would totaly get it, I beat the game in 3 hours but it was still really fun and I really enjoyed it, I can't wait to see the book release in 2017 for the creators next project it's going to be great! so if anyone wants to finaly play a good avatar game I would get this play it through twice to unlock each thing and finaly a third time on the hardest mode to unlock the outfit, fire bending is the quicket to use for some nice combos and air bending hits almost everyone, level 7 is when you unlock all 3 tier power ups for water, fire is level 5 and air is level 5 if that helps =D happy gaming."
,Not Recommended,281690,16958026,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Juan Escarcha,"I expected something like the naruto shippuden games, but I didn't stay enough time to check it, after the first mission felt so repetitive I decided to uninstall it. If you have several games you haven't played yet I wouldn't play this one just because of the character. If this game wasn't about avatar korra and everything else was the same it would have nothing of value to me."
,Recommended,281690,16960829,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,the 11th plague,"this game has a lot of issues, but it's really fun too.fighting is excellent. countering is incredibly powerful, and there's something very satisfying about blasting fire into a triad member's face. I also love the subtle changes in Korra's stance when she switches from one bending element to another.I dunno why everyone's hating on the Naga minigame? I've had a lot of fun playing it!the art. God the graphics are GORGEOUS. it looks like the perfect game adaptation for the Legend of Korra tv show!now for the stuff I'm bitter about:no subtitles? come on guys. don't leave out your deaf and hard of hearing fans. (also your fans with ADD/ADHD, since subtitles help us concentrate!)the camera can't seem to decide between moving with the mouse or moving on its own. pick one and stick with it!countering windows need to be bigger. it's the only way to take down big enemies, and it's very difficult when it's nearly impossible to counter in the first place.story didn't do much for me.man I really wish there were more characters! do you know what I'd give to have Asami and Korra fighting side by side?ultimately, I'd say it's worth your $15. even more worth it when it's on sale. if you're a Korra fan, buy it to support your favorite TV show. it deserves so much better (such as an open world create your own avatar game done like Bioware? or an ATLA world in Lego Dimensions?) and here this is the only way we can give it that."
,Recommended,281690,16960898,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,"Robo""T",jos mas pokoke geme sangar lah aku rak kecewa
76561198117679871,Recommended,281690,16960909,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,War+Medic,"At first the keys was hard and the tricky part grasping the button combo. However, once I master it I found keyboard was lot more exciting than the controller.I'd like more games like this. Even a Avatar the Last Airbender remake where you chose which character for the level."
,Not Recommended,281690,16935897,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,actual flamingo,I quit
76561198050439784,Recommended,281690,16961578,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ImTriggered,If Nick funded this more It could have been game of the year..
,Recommended,281690,16962295,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Eeowth 채식주의 자- nun ♡,If you like the series. You should totally get this. Amazing game!
,Not Recommended,281690,16962456,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,HansHobbingen,"Repetetive uncreative leveldesign, nonexisting story and unrefined, often incredibly frustrating gameplay. The looks of the game are very nice and in the style of the series but the avatar universe deserves much better then this game and I don't know why so many others recommended it."
,Recommended,281690,16963088,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Lupin ♕ csgoroll.com,"There is two things to review about this game.1. the storyline is pretty short but still very fun ""side track"" from the original story -The Legend of Korra ,i recommend people who are fans like me and have watched the serie to buy this cause it was really entertaining , Storyline-8/10.2. Even if the game is short after you played the storyline you unlock pro-bending and all avatar fans probarly know what that is and it is REALLY FUN ! , for those who dont know what it is , It is like arena 3v3 (AI's + you) there are 3 difficulties , rookie , captain and ace and things start to heat up at last stage on captain and becomes really hard on ace but anyway you may only play the story for 2 hours or more but the pro bending you never get enough of , Pro bending-10/10PS: It is easy played on pc controlls to even though they recommend using a Xbox 360 controller ^^"
,Recommended,281690,16964961,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Icarus,I'm just going to go ahead and write a reveiw for this game. I definitly enjoyed it but as of right now i have beaten the game and only have 5 hours played on it. I like the comboing with the bending and it is an overall good game
76561198038830872,Recommended,281690,16965780,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,lunchbox,"This game hurts  The combat is great the last boss was P* games tier but the game felt like one long level they throw you in the game with all your bending then takes it all away  and by the time you get it back you're not left with much game to enjoy it that much. I wish this was a fully developed game and not a quick cash in becuase I think an Avatar game made by P* is awesome make a game about a random Avatar in ther past and  use the game to tell their story that would of been epic and make it a full fleshed out title with enemy varity,huge open levels   and even better combatr systme with more bending moves overall the game is still good and worth a play just make sure to get it on sale and be ready to see the same three bender guys recolored every level as a boss"
76561198052565997,Recommended,281690,16966130,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,RaccoonGahd,"Nice action-packed game that delivers. Sadly short story-wise, but it has a decent replay value. Another feature that would have added a nice indepth feel would be a nice open world experience (only my interests). This game deed what many fighting style games should have done when it comes to cross-platform gameplay. The controls are fluent and adapt well to both controler and keyboard+mouse. And as I said before, I would have loved an open world experience where you pick random missions as you go at your own pace. Other than that, it passed my expectations and delivered extra."
76561198064748386,Recommended,281690,16966811,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Kurucu,Just a perfect game. i wish it was much longer. But anyway it is so good. i hope they will make another games like this. Like anng :)
,Recommended,281690,16929547,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ruzen,"for fans&action lovers, Its good"
,Recommended,281690,16930032,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Prince Oberon,"Must play for all fans of show - voice over by the same characters, fun beat-them-up."
,Recommended,281690,16930508,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Anime,GOOD game
76561198066111808,Recommended,281690,16930563,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Brazen Aden,Pretty damn good game. I enjoyed it. It's short but on sale now so get you're hands on it esp if you're a fan of the series.
76561198048436893,Recommended,281690,16930616,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Marinus,"This game is fun, but short. 4 euro is worth the price. (So buy it with a good deal)"
,Recommended,281690,16562701,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,wahnnie,"For what its worth, this is a pretty amazing game. It wasn't very long and didn't have any Asami, but the pro bending they added was a fun little bonus. The difficulty wasn't very hard, but you can amp it up once you beat it. My one complaint was one level, there were several big dark spirit monsters in a small space, which made it difficult to see and manover around, but maybe that was the point, not sure."
76561198070317841,Recommended,281690,16567907,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Publius Scipio Africanus,Nice game!
76561198095149529,Recommended,281690,16572585,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Frost Kuji,"A short but sweet game that is a lot of fun. The only thing that bug me was the camera on certain fights. Oh, for Dark Soul players this game is going to be way to easy for you. You can counter like a beast in this game. lol"
,Not Recommended,281690,16510624,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,cyborg mermaid,"A good action game, but not a good game."
76561198087134524,Recommended,281690,16496306,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lellow,"Great game!As a fan of the series, this purchase was instant, a no-brainer for me :D"
,Recommended,281690,16512164,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Addi`.' #Dab,love it !
,Recommended,281690,16517356,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Poomar,"Balance.Being a fan of both Avatar: The Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra, it was inevitable for me to try this game out eventually. I was not expecting much from the game, hearing mixed reactions and such, but I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to enjoy the game for what it is. A short and sweet action-packed repetitive beat 'em up game.If you are a fan of the show, this is just a fun ride to see a small story take place between Book 2 and Book 3. It is not the most interesting story but just seeing Korra in action is fun enough. The gameplay mechanics allow you to use any of your bending (Earth, Fire, Water, Air) fluidly and switch between each, making combos and such. However you must level up each of the elements to gain powers and abilities for each, which honestly does not take too long. Also to me, Earth bending seemed the most powerful so I stuck with that for a majority of the game and did not really alternate too much, rarely ever going into Fire.The game also takes away your bending in the beginning for the sake of the plot and it is kind of fun to unlock each one, but since the enemies dont really vary, I felt as if I would have had more fun if I had all my elements to bend the whole time. The New Game + mode (Extreme Mode) of this game is actually more fun than the normal mode because you do have all the elements at your disposal the whole time, and actually need to use quite a bit of them strategically to face the increased swarms of enemies throughout each chapter.There is also a Pro-Bending mode you unlock in this game which is really fun, especially when you first start it, with several difficutlties and if you are a fan of the show, it feels great to be playing. There are also a Temple Run-esque portions of the game with Naga which feel like its own mobile game, which is a definite low point in the game for me.The game feels very cheap though, in terms of graphics and overall quality. and its obvious that it was made on a low budget. I just feel as if the game could be a lot better if more time and money was given for its development. Though the game is short the first time around, I feel it has replay value with the addition of the Extreme mode. Overall, its a game that doesn't really shine but I still managed to have fun with. And once again, if you are a fan of the show, it is definitely worth a buy if you get it a good price.6/10"
,Recommended,281690,16517727,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ihzaraki,"I'm in doubt to decide whether it's a recommended game or not. Otherwise, here's my recap:+ Pros:- Nice gameplay- Good art graphic- Adapted from cartoon (i like cartoon/avatar series)- Nice genre- Cons:- Repetitive gameplay (with few types of enemies)- Graphics options are very poor (smooth/normal)- Weak story (just play the game)I bought this game while on ~70% discount. I recommend this game only if you are a fan of Korra/ you love Avatar series. Don't buy this game for the full price. 6/10"
,Recommended,281690,16609271,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Butterqup,"While the plot of the game isn't canon, The Legend of Korra makes for  fun beat-em-up. With authentic voice acting, animated cinematics, and a variety of combat combos, this game is a welcome addition to the Avatar franchise. And with Platinum Games at the helm, the Expert difficulty is sure to be a grueling test of your skills. If you are a fan of the series and are looking to waste some time bending baddies and building your combo count, pick this game up for a few bucks on sale!"
76561198076672177,Recommended,281690,16612556,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Switchz,It's a good game Buy it it's worth it.  The gameplay for me is good you can switch to any elements at Any time so you can throw some Earth then go Air for the finishing its so satisfying doing some good combo. If you are a fan of Avatar don't hesitate it's really good. Felt like a new season to me but me playing.
,Not Recommended,281690,16616036,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MantisKelevra,"OK, so before we start, this is a quite fun game, and a fun little bit of extra story to the tv show.  And I enjoyed it.So why dont I recomment it?1) it is way to short for the price.  If you get this on special, then it is TOTALLY worth it. Say about $5-7.  anything above that, it is just to short to warrant the price.  I finished this in 6.6hours(game time).  And this is playing half the time, the other half being played by my girlfriend, that isnt very good at these games(so it took way longer) as well as pausing it(that still counts towards the time) to make lunch.2) The story is just not enough for the price, or to support the rather repetitive gameplay.  Don't get me wrong, the game isnt bad, it is just not great either.So my big issue is that for the full retail price it is just not worth it in terms time you get out of it, etc."
76561198033084858,Recommended,281690,16500880,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Harkat,"Took me 3 hours to beat the game on normal.Ill be sure to play it on extreme too, because it is a fun & good game.negative things:- A very Slow start, no combo's no powers... but once you get em.- Boss robot model gets used whole time...Positive:+ Fast, fluint combat+ Challanging+ Made by Platinum games, so you know it's good."
,Recommended,281690,16501796,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FallenDreams,"So I watched the show, which apparently has a crazy influence on who is going to like the game (surprise!). Regardless though this game was a quick game, almost too quick, Once the ball started rolling I loved it and get really into the game play. The game play which is up to you, you have to put in a bit of effort to have a lot of fun, but it is totally worth it. Once you decently bridge the gap between elements  you can have a lot of fun with hurting people.For all the people who complain they cant control the dog mini game and they keep crashing and burning are just lazy/on the struggle bus. I realized you have 3 lives and checkpoints after I finally died once and the last mini game. They make it simple; dont over think itThis game, because of its length, is well worth 5$."
,Recommended,281690,16638760,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,飛雪,"Only problem was the south pole stage's naga running part on extreme, sometimes the game would glitch and you would be right in front of them when they're pulling up the earth."
,Recommended,281690,13952956,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,TW1ST3R,"Needs more cabbages.If you're not an ATLA or TLOK fan I'd probably say move along, but for those who are this game is quite enjoyable.  It's not perfect, but given it's price, it's hardly a bad game - I'd definitely recommend if you catch it on sale.Combat is fairly decent, and quite fun against groups of standard enemies.  The difficulty curve however is quite high between standard fights and boss fights.  Bosses even on the 'middle' difficulty (hardest available at start) require lots of timed dodges, blocks and counters rather than all out attacks - non-human bosses are impossible to beat without countering, so if you hate the type of game that requires a lot of it, you're not going to have a fun time with this.  Fights against standard enemies are quite fun however, and once you unlock and upgrade the other elements, combat becomes quite enjoyable against hordes of enemies.Naga levels are well... mehVisually, the game does a great job of replecating the art style and some of the attacks from the show.Story wise, the beginning is a bit cliche - protagonist loses powers, has to relearn them, etc. etc. - however, endgame is rather satisfying and fits fairly well with the existing Avatar universe and lore.  Could have used a few occasional cameos from a few primary and tertiary characters (possibly as backup in fights like in the show) to spice up the story/gameplay/cutscenes a little.Pro-bending mode is quite fun, and is fairly challenging on the highest difficulty.  However, it would have been nice if there was an included arcade fight mode, where you could fight relentless hordes of enemies and see how high you could chain your combos.Overall, not a perfect game, but a solid game that will be enjoyable for fans of the franchise."
76561197989523100,Recommended,281690,14072675,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bisen,"Fun fighting (a bit like the batman arkham games), but very short. And as others have said, very minimal story."
76561198174673043,Recommended,281690,14076434,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Walking,"This is not a video game, this is a piece of art! This game is both fun and entertaining and makes you feel like the avatar itself. However you could improve the game by adding multiplayer in pro bending and possibly having dlc to let you use other characters in the sotry such as tenzain, Mako, Bolin, Lord Zuko, or Aang"
,Recommended,281690,14151981,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Filthy Casual,"how to play this game:spam click, spam shift, spam C and F10/10"
,Recommended,281690,14139030,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ivy182,"Real tight game.  It has it's short comings, but I absolutely love playing this.  Do not take this game lightly though.  You will die, sometimes a lot.  You have to learn and just get better at it and make less mistakes. I've played through this multiple times on my PS4 and now I'm playing it through again on my PC.  If you're a Avatar fan, this game definitely makes you feel like a bender!!"
,Recommended,281690,14126475,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,RubyTheMutt,This is a really great game if you love Avatar: Aang or Korra ( Like me)
76561198120778405,Recommended,281690,17164169,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Thallen,Great game if you get it for a deal... beat the gme in four hours. Get it if you love the show and wanna bend.
76561198057875365,Recommended,281690,17166596,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,redwolf1026,...needs a controller to function... other then that an entertaining game.
,Recommended,281690,17172851,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Lord Magneto,"First of all, let me start by saying I love the Avatar the Last Airbender series, and I love the Legend of Korra series.  With that in mind, I hope my review can put things into perspective.This game, The Legend of Korra, is a fast-paced action game built around performing combos and switching between bending styles in order to adjust to any situation.  I like this mechanic, because the bending styles do feel very different.  Earthbending is extremely slow, for example, but has high damage and high knockback, as opposed to Airbending, which is extremely fast and hits multiple times, but does not deal much damage.  Knowing which bending style works best in which situation is the key to victory, which is a sort of strategic element that I love about this game.My biggest complaint with this game is that it is somewhat short.  At the time of writing this review, I have played this game for just over 17 hours total.  In that time, I was able to beat the game on the hardest difficulty, beat the minigame (pro-bending) on the hardest difficulty, collect all the vanity items, unlock all the items, max out all the skills, and collect all the achievements.  I suppose that the least I could ask for is some sort of ""sandbox"" or ""explore"" mode, where you would get to explore Republic City and other places in the world.  That alone would add at least 50 to 100 hours of gameplay right there."
,Recommended,281690,17195514,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kovelle,If you're a fan of the series and like beat'em-ups then thisis for you. The gameplay falls short of Bayonetta and MGR:R while the story is closer to a fanfiction than anything related to the show. Worth it if it's on sale.
76561198042767131,Not Recommended,281690,17197592,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Farlow,"This game's pretty much all about the mechanics. There's a ton of customization available with the huge passive tree and the swappable skill gems, so there are more than enough crazy builds to try out. Unfortunately, the world itself is pretty joyless, going for a doom and gloom, blood and guts environment where not an ounce of whimsy is invited. Everything looks so drab and nobody's happy about anything, so you're more or less just clicking around a world where things are♥♥♥♥♥♥and are going to stay♥♥♥♥♥♥forever. It's all free though, so you might as well try it, and good on you if it's the sort of aesthetic you enjoy."
,Recommended,281690,17498447,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Yet Another White Mage,"This game was quite how do i put it laggy, and poorly optimized for big fighting scenes. I'm a big fan of older style point a to point b beat up ups. Where the gameplay has to rely on skill and mastering freestyle combos. How ever the counter system is at times is unreliable. For excample durring a boss fight the counter system fails in fast paced combat due to requireing you to block which take 3-5 frames with a 2 second input delay, and manage this block on the excat frame a teleporting boss is about to hurt you. If you manage to hit that brief window you have to do a quick time event that varies to inflict moderate to massive dmg on the enemy. The story is ok it takes a bunch of short clips from the tv show that last a few seconds to transition into fights. Korra the avatar has had her powers taken by an old man and his army. As the player you have to get them back. In a nutshell good game rough fighting mechanics. Fans of ps2 style action beatem ups will love this title. Ps use a controller keyboard and mouse is a wreck for the controls."
,Recommended,281690,17554033,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Hiretsunα,Good game but with the $10 nickelodeon tossed at platinum for it don't expect revengeance in the avatar universe.
,Recommended,281690,16429823,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dora The Extorter,"Pros:- Runs extremely well (No Lag)- Feels amazing (very fluid fighting)- very fun on controllerCons:- Camera movement works SOMETIMES (mouse control)- Countering is inconsistent (mouse control)- Menu layout is horrible- No Key remapping. and default is confusing as all hell (mouse control)- limited graphics settings (smooth or normal, what the hell, platinum?)TL;DR buy if you have an xbox controller"
76561198030110340,Recommended,281690,17622001,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wankster,"I got this game because A) I am a huge fan of the Avatar show and Legend of Korra was pretty cool too B) It was on sale, got it for $3Overall, I would say I'm rather impressed. This was a pretty fun game, and I found it pretty difficult even on the Normal difficulty. The expert difficulty I would dare say was easier but only because of the equipped items make a HUGE difference. On Expert, the Naga sequences get significantly harder. Personally, I HATED those Naga running sequences (if you've played Temple Run, it's just like that only you get special powers to jump and blow things up) -- the last Naga sequence on Expert was near impossible. Disclaimer: I was on a keyboard and mouse, instead of a controller, so it's likely much of my hardship was for not forking the $30 for an Xbox control (I recommend it!)- The combat was very smooth and easy to maneuver, similar to Shadow of Mordor. However, at times I felt the response time was a bit slow to react to some of my key presses (again, get an Xbox control!). I did love how easy it was to switch between the different bending elements and found it really fun!- The game was rather short, and the story was there but I hardly paid attention to it. It took me a bit to get through the first gameplay and only a day and a half to get through the second on Expert (if not for the last Naga sequence I would have finished sooner!).- The Pro-Bending matches were pretty cool, the first two ranks are easy, but I found the last match of the highest difficulty pretty hard to beat and took me several tries.If you're a fan of Korra, have some sort of hand controller, like beating things up and the game is on sale, go for it! Overall, I enjoyed the challenge!"
76561198093636356,Recommended,281690,17580140,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,KammaK,Just another probending day of volley the insta-kill back and forth
,Recommended,281690,17472570,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Amovea,"even though it isn't based off of the storyline its still an amazing game :DPros:- Good graphics- Easy controls/attacks (combos, attacks etc.)- costume customization- Spirit shop (basically a points shop) you can buy new combos, healing objects etc.- Secret item(s)- Probending (I was excited for that) After your done story mode you get to use different modes (normal, captain, ace)and its also apart of the story line the beginning :D- Avatar state charge (its a reasonable charge people)Cons:- no online mode- not a lot of costumes and secret stuff- Not based on story line (I dont mind it)Possible add-ons:- more costumes- more secret stuff- online mode (1v1, 2v2, 3v3, etc.)- In probending you should pick who you should be (not in story line). It would be cool to be Mako or Bolin :D-Maybe more combos (for the difficulty users out there!)Overall, I liked this game dispite the fact they didn't follow the story line, and I loved how platnium games designed the fighting and bosses :)I recommend playing this its a great game with lots of exciting features! :D"
76561198013221947,Not Recommended,281690,16590097,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Girls Gone Gene Wilder,"It's really not worth it. Every enemy looks the same, the conbat has no real depth, and the required naga riding segments are annoying and a waste of time."
,Recommended,281690,16522917,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Anoimus,"As a fan of the Avatar series, I wanted this game for a long time ever since I heard about it. The game is fun and all but the mini games like the naga runs felt like it was forced in to add more gameplay hours and not needed. The fighting styles are fun to use, but sometimes I get fustrated by the enemies as I could not defeat them, maybe it was me not good at this game. Before I unlocked all elements, I would accidentally switch to the locked elements. The game is still great overall."
,Not Recommended,281690,17544103,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,4k11ky,"THE LEGEND OF KORRA REVIEWWhile I haven't fully watched all of the episodes of The Legend of Korra television show, I've seen enough of it to appreciate how well-done of a show it is and plan to finish watching it in the near future. That being said, The Legend of Korra video game is the complete opposite of the television show. It's a very shallow and dull hack and slash game based on the series. Within the games eight chapters you'll find about 4 hours of playtime if you're lucky.The story takes place between the second and third seasons of the show, where Korra's events at the end of season two release Hundun, the ancient enemy whose goals is to destory the Avatar. Korra finds herself stripped of her bending abilities and slowly regains them back throughout the game. Korra must defeat Hundun to bring peace to the lands.Throughout the eight chapters you'll find treasures which vary depending on the damage dealt to the chest containing them. None of them are really missable so there’s little reason to go back to repeat a mission unless to get a better ranking or more spirits. After each battle you are ranked and rewarded based on how well you did during the fight, similar to other Platinum games. The game is not very challenging and like most Platinum games, hard mode mostly relies on perfectly timed counters to defeat them with a decent ranking, but it's still a lot easier than others. You can level up and purchase different combos for the four different types of bending abilities you have.The controls are fairly smooth and simple. It's basically a two-button fighting game. You can pull off easy combos, switch Korra's bending spells mid-fight to give her the upper advantage and dodge/counter attacks. Besides hacking and slashing enemies constantly; within three levels you'll find yourself riding Naga, Korra's animal companion though a series of obstacle courses that get old quick. Luckily there aren't a whole lot of these and they are fairly quick. If you happen to enjoy this mode there is an Endless Runner mode unlocked after that chapter is complete. The Pro-Bending mode that's unlocked once you beat the game is just as short, which has you battle your way to the top against multiple teams.If you're into 100-percenting games this one should come quick for you. That being said, this is by far the worst release Platinum Games has put out and the most disappointing. The Legend of Korra is one of the few action-based animes that could translate really well in a videogame, but unfortunately this game does not meet those needs and falls flat on its face. I would avoid purchasing this game.* Unfortunately I uninstalled this game pretty quickly and forgot to take screenshots of the in-game settings. Sorry!"
,Recommended,281690,15738931,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Tscheki,"I was surprised positivly, BUT the game is too short for the prize. I would still recommend playing it if you are a 'The Legend of Korra' fan."
,Recommended,281690,18126593,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Armytruong,good game
76561197974634162,Not Recommended,281690,18140461,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,istari101,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, in no small part since I like well executed beat-em-ups and love TLoK series, but this game is pretty terrible. An empty, lifeless world; terrible controls; obnoxious, barely-visible QTE prompts; awkward counters; and tons of uninspired encounters chock full of the same handful of enemies. At least the colors, bending effects, and related animations look nice...It's really too bad, since a properly executed Avatar game would be freaking sweet, but give this one a wide berth.1/10 stars: Would not bend again."
,Not Recommended,281690,18143443,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Smurgh,Uninspired. Doesn't even come CLOSE to living up to the series.
,Recommended,281690,18161089,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,NeverAlone,"Когда устанавливал эту игру, думал побегать, ещё немного позалипать на прелести протагониста и пометать разные элементы в окружающий мир.В принципе, игра уныла в визуальном плане. Относительно мало видов противников, декрации ещё хуже, чем в серии файтингов Наруто/Блич/Ванпис, боссы даже не уникальны. Это при том, что игрушка всё-таки Beat'em up.Арсенал Корры хорош. Четыре стихии, каждая из которых имеет свой радиус поражение, дальность и скорость атак и прочие отличия. Применение стилей Очень ситуативно, что, я бы сказал, радует. Ну и геймплей типа разнобразили версией Temple Run.Но в процессе игра открывается с неожиданной стороны. У героини довольно мало здоровья, у противников довольно сильные атаки. То есть, если тебе удаётся быть быстрым как понос, раздавая всем направо и налево, ты на коне. Но если ты запнулся, то расплата в ХП примерно как в DMC на уровне выше нормала. И это если ты не налетел на комбу какого-нибудь минибосса. Короче, очень потный процесс. Плюс, здоровья у боссов так много, что тебя просто наказывают за ошибки танца по кнопкам, которые так или иначе будут при таких масштабах повторений.Но можно поднакопить немного местной валюты и затариться лечилками. Помогает только в случае, если ты полностью прочухал тактику оппонента.Мой уровень гейминга подсказывает, что игра - гибрид того же Naruto Ultimate Ninja Heroes и Dark Souls. Если вы ищите где можно потно поласкать геймпад, и вам положить на топорно сделанную визуальную составляющую, игра для вас.А, да. Она короткая."
76561198084126120,Recommended,281690,18159119,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Enamtis,My girlfriend and I are a massive fan of the series.Good old beat-em up and button mashing with easy counters.great for casuals who are looking for something easy to beat.also. holding  my breathe for The Last Air Bender story mode. PLEASE!!!
,Recommended,281690,18105924,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,liweisadleader,"Perfect action game, make you feel very relexed while enjoying. Hope the story could be longer, or have some infinite battle mode."
,Recommended,281690,18198849,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bob,"I would normally shy away from a Kids' TV tie in game as it is likely to be a lazy attempt to bleed more money out of a franchise only bought by children who don't know any better and fan boys who are too blinded by their affection for the series. Then I remembered how much I love the series and bought it.The game looks okay, not great, Korra somehow looks a bit wrong but I can't put my finger on why. The combat is somewhat repetitive with a limited number of enemies but it is immensely satisfying as you gradually unlock more moves. The levels are fairly linear with occasional hidden chests down side avenues. The game is rather short, the main story takes about 3 hours but then there is a lot of fun to be had replaying the story a few times with all the unlocked items. The worst element of the game is the controls, the game recommends using a Xbox 360 controller so I dutifully plugged one in but I really didn't get along with the camera controls. Once I switched to the keyboard and mouse it was much better however there are a few questionable keyboard mappings which you cannot reconfigure. With all this in mind the game should be mediocre yet somehow I loved it. I think the reason for that is it so excellently captured the feel of the TV series with the original voice cast, the animated cut scenes could be straight from the TV series.It is difficult to assess how much my judgement is biased how much I like the TV series but for what its worth I enjoyed this game."
76561198047966870,Recommended,281690,15781744,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Scoobert Doo,"Overall this is a decent game. It may have it's flaws, but it's nowhere near as bad as mainstream publications made it out to be. It takes place between books 2 and 3 of the TV show but it doesn't have much to offer in terms of story. However the combat is where this game excels. Platinum did a great job making the different elements feel unique and it's fun switching between elements in combat. There are hoards of enemies and brutal finishing moves so you actually feel like the avatar while playing this game and if you don't learn combos you will DIE a lot. They also added a pro bending mode that unlocks once you have beaten the main game, albeit somewhat repetitive it's still lots of fun and a nice addition to the game."
,Not Recommended,281690,15783423,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Rutoz,MACAM TAIK
,Recommended,281690,15778753,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,NOT BAD!
,Recommended,281690,16808205,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Birdassasin,"+Nice visuals and soundtrack+Combat is simple, but pretty fun+Airbending Tatsumaki Senpukyaku+Short-Short-Camera has some issues in fights with bigger enemies-Price is a bit too high for the lengthWait for a sale on this one. 10€ or less is a really good price for this."
,Recommended,281690,16747664,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MarioMetroid,"Not as good of an action game as Platinum's Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, but still a fun, action-oriented experience overall. Only hiccup with the game is its difficulty curve. It is very low for the vast majority of the game, but will have segments that feel out-of-place in terms of their difficulty - notably the first fight with 3 Triad benders when you only have your water-bending (which is the weakest of the 4 elements imo) and the final round of Ace difficulty Pro-Bending, where you have to rely on your AI partners not being useless on top of bringing your A-game to beat it.The game on Extreme difficulty was actually pretty easy, which I don't consider a good thing. At that point you have earned enough spirit energy from normal mode (which you are required to beat to unlock Extreme) to purchase the Max Chi talisman (-50% hp), Healing talisman (which is almost required to play the game on Normal), and No stagger/stun/knockdown at Full Chi talisman. This all adds up to to you doing max dmg without having to charge your attacks, never being staggered/stunned/knocked down (making it possible to counterblock during an enemy's combo), and only dying if you play super sloppily and allow yourself to get hit too much in a short timeframe.Still, about 10 hours worth of fun for $20 bucks is better than going to the movies and it is worth getting if you are a fan of the Avatar series, Platinum, or action games in general."
76561198063230251,Recommended,281690,16752645,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Provigil,"It's a fairly enjoyable game, though it's probably more enjoyable if you have a contoller. If you're a fan of The Last Airbender/Legend of Korra, That said, it is fairly short- you can probably finish the main story in about 4-5 hours, and then the pro-bending in another 1-2 hours. The story itself is alright, but nothing to really write home about; the game is fairly replayable though, especially if you're trying to get everything.I'd say consider getting this if it's on sale for less than $5."
,Not Recommended,281690,16843487,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,seeptic,ALMAYIN..
,Recommended,281690,16620069,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eon-Rider,"The story is pretty lame. A 7 year old kid could have come up with it. The camera goes a little wonky sometimes. The art style stays true to the TV show. The combat is fantastic although it doesn't scale to the difficulty very well. Going through Expert mode after having unlocked almost everything in Normal mode, which doesn't take very long, is easier than playing Normal for the first time.Despite this review sounding partially negative, I still thoroughly enjoyed the game. I'm glad to have picked this up during the Steam sale."
,Recommended,281690,16621364,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,B E G O N E,still wondering if i can play it with sub element
,Recommended,281690,16623145,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Why you heff to be mad?,"I recommend this game as a steam sale item only!Think of it like a movie ticket, because thats roughly how long the story play is. While I enjoy the style, story, game play etc it needs to be strongly noted that you will pass this game in 3-5 hours. While the game does have items and levels that may entice you to try the entire story again on hard mode most people like me will just say thanks and put it away to never be played again.TLDR: Game will take 3 hours to finish, like buying a ticket to a movie worth $7 but disapointing if you buy at $15."
76561197967768410,Recommended,281690,16626012,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gunter,"love the anime, love the game. botton mashing action game.if its on sale, get it! u won't regret it."
,Recommended,281690,16632154,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Abradolf Lincler,I swore at a kids game10/10
,Not Recommended,281690,16655646,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,caesar_ensalada,"I'm really torn and it's weird. I want to recommend it but...well..I loved Avatar.I hated (most of) Korra.Thought I would give the game a shot b/c of a sale...The game itself is actually fun and challenging in theory, but this is such a terrible port,that even using a controller can't save it.The plot is rather lackluster too (and oh boy is it short once you get over the difficulty curve).So the game is fun but I'm not recommending? Well, my gripes:-Let's touch those controls first, b/c it's the biggest hurdle for me. As you as you start the game it gives you a 'Use a controller for the funnest experience' speel. I didn't buy a PC to play a console though, so I powered through on keyboard/mouse, and it is doable, but you'll be hating this game so much for trying to force you onto a controller when you don't want to use one. Hand slips are so frequent, but the playstyle has you constantly moving, so it is infuriating how much it will punish you for one keystroke out of place; It's basically ""hard mode plus"". The lack of good controls also ties into my next point-Obvious port is obvious. I heard this had a tighter budget than it should have, and I can even look over lack of details... but I can't look over though so many glaring bugs and glitches. The dumbest one that happened to me on every level (EVERY SINGLE ONE), was I'd have an enemy prepped for a finisher! I'd press the finisher! AND!!... nothing, he just stands there dazed...SO I PRESS AGAIN!! ... nothing.. he still stands there dazed... I would make a game out of it and sit there spamming my finisher, wondering how many I could get in before he became ""undazed"". Sometimes the other AI would actually walk between me and the dazed foe, and get THEMSELVES knocked out... It was just the purest level of stupid. There's also the camera control.The mouse is your camera and your attack, and when you are constantly moving the camera will move on its own. So you have to constantly overcorrect what the auto camera is doing while attacking, and if you get tired of that and lock on to an enemy, what happens? Does the lock on put the enemy in the middle of the screen for you? NO, it throws the locked-on enemy into a far corner of the screen and focuses the camera so that all you see is a wall, with all the other enemies in your blind spot. AND FORGET about trying to switch lock-on targets to the foe you want. You'd have better luck just staying locked on to the corner guy, and just blindly spamming your attacks off screen.The screen difference between locked on and not locked on is so subtle too that it can result in game over; Sometimes you'll be in a boss fight, and the bosses like to run around the screen, but what the game doesn't tell you is that there is a magical distance that the autolock disengages. So you'll be duking it out with the boss, he'll run around, so you try to strategically position yourself, and BAM. You look like the biggest idiot to the boss b/c you've just started staring into open space in the opposite direction thanks to an instant lock off combined with auto camera movement. Then the boss throws an instant kill move at you.It's this kind of shoddy porting that makes for a rage quit.There's even more I can go into with this version, but I think this is getting too long as is, and what I have is all I need for my summary.It's an awful port. Don't buy it. Even on sale. Just go to your shop of choice and find a console copy for cheap."
76561197976718444,Recommended,281690,16661811,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Diablo Sucio,"The legend of Korra is a stylish, non stop action, cell shaded, fighting game. Korra's story is fast paced with some great voice acting. Gameplay is solid and Korra's moves are visually rewarding when executed correctly. While the graphics are not the most high end, they are what you would expect form a lower priced arcade game. Would love to see this as a full length triple A title. A definite most buy for any fan of the series. 7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,281690,16376568,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Poex,"This was an exceptional game. I got it on sale but now would pay full price for it. Being a fan of the series, it was true to the concept. It can be dificult at times and I had problems with the camera in boss fights a couple of times. But I still highly reccomend this game if you are a fan. If you don't know the story it is still fun and you feel like your skill is rewarded. It reminds me of old school games, where you have to learn the patterns. The Pro Bending mini game is very fun also. The story was not long and I completed it in under 4.5 hours. But I will still play this game for the completion aspect and the Pro Bending mini game. Must have for Korra fans. The game control is good with no glitches, able to block and evade durring a combo to stop it. The countering is a favorite of mine. If you aren't a Korra fan then pick it up on sale, it still has good value."
,Recommended,281690,16392969,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Толстяк,"Short, yeah, but I still thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198117801432,Recommended,281690,16394085,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lightdestroyer,"My god, this is awesome, the fighting is good the style: everything, the camera can be a pain at times but this is outwieghed by the pros, i love it good job with it 10/10"
,Recommended,281690,16412829,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SuperFly,"Bought this game during the summer sale. It has a poor story line and average gameplay, But it's a pretty adcitive game and I'm assure you that. NO REGRETS"
76561198030288192,Recommended,281690,16413134,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Travie,"Bought this game during the Summer Sale and so far it's been pretty good. Just be aware before you buy it that it is a console port so customization is limited but still quite fun to play with a keyboard and mouse.Also, a quick tip, if you notice screen tearing (where the top and bottom half of the screen don't match up) it is because the refresh rate of your monitor isn't quick enough for the fps you are running the game at. Like I said, customization is limited and you can't change it within the game's settings so go into your nvidia/amd control panel and turn on vertical sync for TLoK and this will match fps with your refresh rate. Hopefully I can help other's with this problem, enjoy the game."
,Recommended,281690,16465494,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Transus,"Although a little too short for my liking and based on a relatively simple plot, the Legend of Korra game won't let fans of the show down and would probably be enjoyed by others as well. The game mechanics, seamless animation and controls for bending are all really well designed. It also has signature moves from the show like the water whip and air-scooter. I would really recommend buying this game."
76561198110417096,Recommended,281690,16465500,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Simmons,"I can really recommend this game for fans of the show as well as fans of beat'em up games.You can choose betweem 3 difficulties: easy, normal and extreme. I started with normal and had to pause several times because some enemies were too strong for me(I usually don't play beat'em up games). But after I trained my bending abilities they were not that big of a problem anymore ;) I think it's good that there is a challenge in the normal mode because otherwise the game would be over within a blink. Don't get me wrong, the story is great but short. As a fan, it feels like an episode of Korra to me.Fighting system seems good to me. You can quickly switch between the different elements(or go into avatar state after you collected enough spirit energy) and each element has its strenghs and weaknesses. Fire Bending, for example, is good for enemies who tend to attack quickly while earth bending feels rather slow compared to it but is good for stuns.The Pro Bending Mode is unlocked as soon as you finished the story game. It's a lot of fun but would be even better if there was a multiplayer for it :DThe game recommends a controller for an ultimate game experience and I can just agree to this, couldn't imagine playing it with keyboard.so all in all: For Korra Fans a must have, for beat'em up fans worth a try. Maybe wait until it's on sale since the story is so short ;)"
76561198192642577,Recommended,281690,16470727,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Northena,"Big fan of the series so I just had to buy the game when I saw it here on Steam!It was not a disappointment.The bending is really cool, and it's so satisfying knocking down enemies from afar with a water splash or making them fly to the sky by sending a rock into their backs when laying on the ground before you.The game itself may be a bit monotonous, when fighting enemies is basically all you do. But as the fan of the show I am I find it really entertaining nevertheless.Worth every dollar."
76561198045146640,Recommended,281690,16472986,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cronus_1331,"It's a fun play through (kinda). If you're a fan of the show then I recommend you get this game (probably best to wait for a sale). If you're a fan of fighting games this might not be for you. I enjoyed playing it but even on casual I had to restart several times on a few 'boss battles'. Overall it's worth it on sale. Story is meh, fighting is good, bending is cool."
,Recommended,281690,16475628,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lean Supreme (aka supreme lean),"Camera angles are horrible, the lock on system gives me cancer, and the controls are placed in a wonky area (For the Naga (or however you spell it) mini-game) Shift to slide, Space to jump, also A & D to move (doesn't sound bad, but it gets annoying). But damn, it's so fun to water bend a ♥♥♥♥er. Chi blockers? I'll straight destory them. The annoying parts of this game are countered by the fact that you can bend, the pretty good voice acting (not to mention that it has the original voice actors from the show). and the nice outfits for Korra. I love customization in a game, and this game doesn't have the best, but it's funny watching Korra in a Chi-blocker outfit fight someone else in a Chi-blocker outfit.It's better with a controller, but I'm too stubborn to use a controller on PC. xD"
76561198096010518,Recommended,281690,16453738,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,adiltheboss,"This game is actually fun.............................. For a licensed game!In other words, this is a good game surprisingly, I read reviews from IGN to Metacritic calling it a good game to a bad game.When I was playing it, I felt like I was on top of the world, the visuals are nice, the voice acting, I like how they brought the cast to voice the characters. I'm glad I bought it, it was worth the discount. Cannot wait to get firebending and airbending!"
,Not Recommended,281690,13761256,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Momma_Lin (Linus),"i love The legend of korra and avatar the legend of the last airbender.but perconly i dont like this game.good-good grafics-stiking to ""avatar"" physics-nice outfits for korra-swag shop- great voice actingbad-the story-the enemys-the boss fights-the fighting-the enemy models-the dialog-a littel to hard (my opinon, but then again im not good at fighters)i love the legend of korra so im sad that this game didnt do well better next time4/10 a below averageif u can find it at a sale buy it. IF you are a legend of korra fan.. if not just leave it be okthis is my opinionsee ya :)"
,Not Recommended,281690,16461224,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AsashinDaka,Cheezy. Cheap. Not worthy of a pc or any console beside a Nintendo. And the probending game is not worth it unless its co op (hvnt gotten tht far) Definately not worth 15.
76561198041159473,Recommended,281690,16463462,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,youngmasterjacob,"The whole story mode is about 3 hours long. But its a fun 3 hours. A new mode unlocks afterwards and you can replay missions to get better rankings. So there's definitely some amount of replayability.If you're a fan of the show, I'd say get it.If you just want a game to play, wait for it to be on sale.Either way I don't think it is really worth the full price, just wait till a big sale happens.I got mine for about 3.50, I'd say wait till its around there again."
76561198097886912,Not Recommended,281690,16430965,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,amethystblack061,"Highly dissapointed in this game, but before you go and start screaming at me know that I am someone that has played previous Avatar games (think back to the first real 3D style game that was hosted onnick.comfor a time released in 3 chapters)  and can tell you that nothing that has been churned out by the franchise has come close to the original free to play game in terms of ease of play.  But since that game has vanished into a distant memory I will focus on the game at hand with a few pro's and con's.Pro's:-Melds animation in the style of the show with the gameplay - this point is really quite charming though unexpected as you are thrust seemingly into an episode of the animation then thrust back into the game, it still manages to work in a quirky way-Has an intriguing plot - I must admit I wasn't sure if this plot would be cannon or not as several of the previous games weren't really all that cannon to the story, but I was mildly surprised by how well written the points were.-Caters to fans of the show - This is the whole point of a game like this, it is designed to give a little something extra to fans of the show, something that is easy to play but can be given a bit more challenge for the less than casual gamer.Now here's where things get hairy, now don't get me wrong if you are a fan of the Legend of Korra there is still a lot here for you but even as a casual fan I find that there are a few issues game design wise that make this a challenge to get throughCon's:-BAD CAMERA - ok this one get's a bit of an explanation, if you have ever fought a bad camera in a game *cough* Castlevania LoS *cough* you will know how difficult it is to fight baddies when you yourself are fighting your in-game controls which brings me to point 2-Button mashing - yes the dreaded idea of blast your way though Avatar style with no regards to vases nor cabbage carts may be cute for a while but it's not going to win you the day against a big boss (and believe me you'll be seeing Uncle Iroh more than once for that) but after a while it will feel like that is your only option as you spam down on your attack while alternating in a dodge here and there and quite honestly it WILL HURT especially if you are using the recommended controller to play the game.  I found it hard to get through boss battles even strategically using potions and dodges I still found my hand aching and my heart breaking as I would have to waste even more 'spirit energy' to buy items to possibly get me through.-Auto saves - I hate to say it but the save system in this game is none too kind, I was a milimeter away from finishing a boss when, 2 slams and I'm dead, no more potions, no more resurect, I was dead and had lost all of my progress until that point.  I know this means it makes you more careful but seriously how much more can you do with no ability to heal or regenerate health that early on?-No Tutorial - Ok I must admit I was pretty surprised when I got tossed into a big battle at the beginning of the game with... no control map, I had even gone through all of the settings menu's to see what the controller layout was and only got 'vibration on/off' as an option... So going blindly into the start of the game I guessed, I fumbled, and sort of made out ok, well the beginning ended as it should have.  Usually there is some sort of controller scheme or something in the beginning of a game but there wasn't for this one... I'm lucky I was able to guess what to do.-Bad controls - I suppose this ties into the camera and tutorial point but I'll give a better idea of what I mean here.  For starters the layout scheme for this game's controlls is tricky to say the least, I get it, the desire to show off 4 different styles of bending and alter each attack meant that you need to cycle through them, but I constantly found myself accidentally cycling my current attack to a less than useful one simply because I was trying to dodge, which by the way dodging and blocking being two different triggers is very akward, it would have probably been a bit more natural to have the ability to hold down on the trigger to block rather than having to remember that it was a separate trigger.  Also the targeting system is horrendous, clicking down on the thumbstick again is just not a natural feeling move (it probably would have worked better as a trigger) not to mention it is seemingly only active for bosses meaning that regular baddies can laugh when your attack lands... right next to them... hitting some cabbage cart or something.  It's pretty annoying watching your attack land to the left or right of an enemy, something that could have been improved on would be a dynamic element, the ability to change the projection of the element to ensure landing the hit on the target (much as we've seen benders do in the series) meaning that you could re-direct a ball of fire coming towards you or vice versa.Overall I would not recommend this game unless you are a super fan and must play it to complete your Korra filled life of fandom, as a game it just is not up to par with some of the other television to game's that I've seen (Stick of Truth anyone?) and would rate this at a 4/10"
76561198219245396,Recommended,281690,16432160,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,lil pump,THIS GAME IS AMAZING :DDD LOVE THE ANIME AS WELL!
76561198084148469,Recommended,281690,16433355,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,zedith,"The camera controls are terrible. The graphics, both in game and in cut scenes are wonderful. Voice acting is spot on. Combat is iffy, and made harder by the bad camera controls. If you like the show, you will probley enjoy this game."
,Recommended,281690,16392986,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Olsun,Fighting mecha tanks with tons of chi Blockers all alone feels like youre the Korra! 11/10 Would bend againIf you want to buy this game but having tought decision do it. Wont go any cheaper than this. It's really fun for a avatar fan. They say the plot isnt so best but Im playing it for the fun and always wanted to be inside avatar world. Buy this game if you like the show and want to be part of the avatar. Dont buy this if you expect the best grapichs or story. It's simple go beat the bad guys!
76561198127154140,Recommended,281690,16164836,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,dachivers,For fans of the series this is an enjoyable immersion to which the story is mediocore but it is just enough to recreate the feeling of the tv series.
,Recommended,281690,16333410,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Unser Guter Kaiser,"Overall ReviewBeing a long time Avatar fan for well... almost 11 years now, I decided to pick this up on the sale for around £5. The game is very short, and despite the looks of being a childs game it is far from it. This game is very difficult in places, partly due to the small budget of the game and the lack of polishing the counter mechanics. Assets have been repeated across many parts of the game, though the characters buffed to make the game harder in later stages. This isn't nessessarly a bad thing, just some of the characters such as the Earth Bending Triad member is very OP and almost impossible to counter against.Did I enjoy the game? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥I did. I feel the core mechanics of the game are there and it is pretty fun to go blasting around Republic City as the avatar. Though I should warn you a controller is a MUST for this game. Ideally a Xbox 360 controller as my Gioteck VX-2 wasn't very compatable, a simple work around is to use x360ce to emulate the controller. I'd like to see a more open non-linier title from the Avatar universe, but in the short term this game will fill the gap.FeatureRating (/100)Gameplay70Graphics80Replayability60Story/Lore50Average65/100"
,Recommended,281690,16349517,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Boolga,If you're an Avatar fan and you dont own this game can you really call yourself a fan?  Amazing game for the price.  Pretty short but difficult on higher levels.  Simple and fun.
,Recommended,281690,16038963,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Alex,"If you like the Legend of Korra series, which I personally love, you'll enjoy this game. If your feelings about the show itself is ""meh"" but you like the avatarverse and the concept of bending, you'll still enjoy it. It has a story, which feels like your watching another episode, except it only has three characters besides unnamed army of chi-blockers, satobots and those three bender ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (Triple Threat Triad) - Korra, Jinora and Hundun, the main villain.The game is fun overall, it's like an episode and you play as the Avatar, what more of it? Probending tournament is really enjoyable too -  once you unlock probending, you may go ""meh, I'll check it out probending then I'll uninstall the game"", but after completing the easy level of probending you may understand what joy some people find in sports.However, it has drawbacks. First of all, you can't change the controls. I personally am not comfortable with WASD as moving action keys for various reasons, and I prefer to change the settings to the game so that movement is controlled by arrow keys. Movement aside, the position of lock, dodge, attack and strong attack actions (R, Shift, left mouse, right mouse) are comfortable enough, but to avoid accidentally pressing E or F in critical moments that could turn the battle around in any direction, I'd prefer being able to change them. Second, the game overall is not really keyboard friendly. I got my gamepad somewhere around in the middle of the story, and once I started using gamepad, I was able to achieve more combos and better medals because the game was more sensitive to gamepad controls. Using keyboard doesn't make your gameplay significantly harder, but the game could use a bit more keyboard sensitivity and option to modify controls.Third, the game is not well-balanced. It overall is mostly easy, finishing off battles in a matter of minutes, but the boss is way too hard to beat compared to the rest of the battles. You'd expect beating boss to be harder than all other enemies, of course, but instead of, say, if it's normal for boss = (mini-boss)*10 in the terms of difficulty, it's boss = (mini-boss)*100 in this game. I have actually considered cheating and changing difficulty to easy to fight the boss, but The Legend of Korra is one of the games where changing difficulty initiates a new game.Also, it could use a subtitle option.Still, the faults I have explained are not really big obstacles, the story is good, the gameplay is fun (except those moments of rage quit... or that might be my short gamer temper) and comes with a bonus tournament game, too.7,5/10"
,Recommended,281690,12623754,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Aomine,i really don't know what IGN was talking about and what they have against this game :\ cause it's really Amazing (with a big A!) i loved it so much that i want to play it on extreme mode :D god help me xD
,Recommended,281690,12624616,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,A Nifty Vacuum,"This was a fun little game.+Great visuals, good voice acting+Avatar state is as badass as you'd think it'd be+Really rewarding to be able to beat a boss after being stuck for an hour (think Dark Souls)+Fast-paced and smooth gameplay, didn't really drag on in any places+/- Story wasn't very deep. It's basically Book 1-lite in terms of plot. Takes place between Books 2 and 3, so that was interesting to see.+/- Vanity items were cool at first, but they didn't do anything and there wasn't enough variety.+/- Character customization is nice to have, but suffers from lack of many different costumes and the shallow shop options-No character depth or development at all -- very disappointing considering how character-driven the show is-Game was extremely easy after grinding up bending levels (think Dark Souls)-Settings were kind of meh. Not really much going on-Enemies are incredibly generic and dull until you get to the spirits-Temple Run sections were painfully forcedOverall, it was a fun few hours playing this game. Some parts were frustrating, but that was mostly because I was bad. Recommended if you're a fan of the show.7/10 Would play again sometime."
,Recommended,281690,12611554,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mr. Maine Event,"While it's not the best game, especially with the standards usually set by Platinum, it's still solid. If you're a fan of either character-action or the Avatar series you should really consider picking it upThe story is somewhat forgetable and short but remains somewhat engaging especially with new cutscenes between stages that look like they've been taken directly out of the show and the gameplay itself is entertaining and where the game shines although like I said this is nothing on the level of what you'd expect from a Bayonetta or a Devil May Cry.If you're a fan of either Platinum Games or The Legend of Korra I'd seriously recommend it otherwise you're probably best waiting for a price drop or a steam sale. Just remember that what you're paying is what you're going to get, a short, fun experience with a cheap price tag on it"
76561198027305129,Recommended,281690,12626301,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Eight-Legged DJ,Game is challenging and has some a  bit of a replayability. Any ATLA/LOK fan will love this game. To wield the Avatar's powers is so awesome. Pro Bending is also cool. Hate the naga games thought.7/10
,Recommended,281690,12627144,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,KisukeOboro,"I really have no idea why this game is getting so much negative press. Are there problems with it? Of course there are, but the game is completely serviceable and is really fun! It's not like as though the game is broken, it's a game from Platinum, the mechanics are fine. If you like Platinum games and want a slice of Platinum before you go and play Bayonetta 2, then this game will fit the bill."
,Recommended,281690,12712638,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Firefighter - Koto,"(story - The veague version)You play as Avatar Korra the one after Ang the last wind bender, and you find yourself at first at a pro-bending match but once you are done there you will find yourself fallen into some kind of trap that will make you lose all of your bending.(Gameplay)It's a beat'em up style game with a basic counter, level, equip mechanic which should make things very easy for you to understand. Also it's not mindless because enemies WILL hit you A LOT if you do not pay attention especially on the Hardest settings. I reccomend playing normal which they do make you at first (Correct me if I was wrong) and you will have a blast if you have some pent up anger you want to dish out but want to be on your toes every so often.(Features)It also has a Pro-bending mode which is  a sports game in the Avatar Korra series where it's a 3-on-3 with each having water, fire, and water. You may not use any avatar powers in this mode and you are like everyone else but it's up to you to win. This mode also has 3 difficulties but the hardest one WILL make you think and make you master counters!(Other)This game is a great game and I have a lot of fun and it's easy to learn, and it's pro-bending mode should be a online pvp since it's very easily to get hooked on. The story is a bit lack lustered but nothing bad at all which makes gameplay a blast. A $15 game like this won't make you regret anything with it's neat little features. only complaint is the health tanks in the hardest difficulties and some issues with the camera. Other than that it's a perfect and nice easy cheap game!for a standard game I give this a 8/10 ~NOTE: If it's pro bending  mode was online pvp I would easily give this a 9/10 ...."
,Recommended,281690,12702499,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kiefer,"Fun game for the price. It seems like airbending is extremely overpowered, once I unlocked it it was all I used. It has it's flaws, bugs, and the like but if you're a beat em up fan or a Legend of Korra fan you'll like it."
76561198025043030,Recommended,281690,12703030,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,FunkSoulGamer,Insane amount of fun for the price. I would love to see more!
,Recommended,281690,12703657,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Crixx,The story certainly is a bit lacking but the action makes up for it.
76561198056403205,Recommended,281690,12704458,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Monsieur Calvin J. Candie,"Incredibly fun! excellent combat, very dynamic, you feel very immersed as if though you were in the show. Very recommended, well worth the $15. And whaat a final boss battle!"
,Recommended,281690,14059470,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JonPringus Sweet_Pop_Red,"It gets really hard sometimes, but once you know how to do stuff, it's prutty fun9/10- It's like Bayonetta for steamalso art is pretty good"
76561198078054060,Recommended,281690,14061990,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Deep Cover GEX WeebKiller,This is a fairly run-of-the-mill character action game. There is nothing super impressive or disaapointing about it gameplay or story. It's definitely aimed at the the LOK fanbase. I picked this up on sale and it took about seven-ish hours to complete.
,Recommended,281690,14050593,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,✪ $oLoK!nG,WORTH IT..... 5/5... FIREBENDING OP. Wish the story is a bit longer! Hope there is another version with a better graphics comes out!
,Recommended,281690,13888493,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Vax'ildan,"It has got really well done combat. The animation and story is very good, it belnds very well in the Avatar universe, and the combat is a challenge and very punishing. The cons are no free roam combat like I was hoping and the AI is VERY repetative. On extreme mode, all enemies will spam the exact same stun or unblockable move over and over until you die and it just get very annoying and makes it a little boring. I give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,281690,14006704,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nate~,"Platinum B team game but, not bad. It's a fun challenge though repetitive. it's alright, i played it and then almost new game + as well and enjoyed it.Major ♥♥♥♥ing flaw though: don't be like me and accidentally start a new game, you lose all and any progress whatsoever to unlocks, costumes, progress. There is no save file so starting a new game straight up starts a brand new game.also extreme mode naga running section against 3 mechs in the south pole. you have 1 hp. no, that was impossible no thank you."
,Recommended,281690,13999579,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DragonessHeart,The best game in the Avatar series they have released ^^ shame it gets quite repetitive :/
,Recommended,281690,14016377,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DeLarroque,"So far I'm enjoying this game. The story isn't overtly imaginative and it's a combat focused game for sure with the number of enemies often being your main obstacle but still a likeable game.I am a big fan of the LoK series and so simply had to get the game. I can see why some might see the combat as repetitive but anyone with the inclination to do so can make it more fun for themselves by using different moves/elements. And the combat is broken up by various 'mini games' to interrupt any repetitiveness. I think they handled it well. Another good thing about the combat is that you actually do need to utilise various styles if you're playing even normal, the block/counter button is certainly your friend in this case, so it's not just button mashing and some thought is needed.Visually it was better than I thought it was going to be, it's done in a cartoon style which considering it's based on a cartoon is what you'd expect.Overrall I think this should be played for the gameplay itself as opposed to the lacklustre story."
,Recommended,281690,13994491,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Stomm,"Game was really fun, especially the pro-bending. It would be awesome if there was a online version of pro-bending"
,Recommended,281690,13883290,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Areticus,"Graphic style used by the Naruto fighting games. Gameplay is sick. You can easily switch elements with your combos and you really feel like your playing the Avatar. I think the story is between season 2 and 3, but if you've only seen like season 1, don't worry there are no spoilers and you won't be confused.Anyway, overall very fun, and worth getting."
,Recommended,281690,14090322,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,zaza,Endless hours of joy and bending with korra
,Recommended,281690,17985548,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sanszouuufy~!?,"This is a great game, but i hope for next gen this game can multiplayer for pro-bending"
,Recommended,281690,13628493,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CrusaderQueen,Pros:Bending feels great!The game is satisfyingly long for $15It's all canonLots of different gameplay modesGreat achievement namesProbending feels compleatly rightIrohCons:Probending is singplayer onlyOne achivment requires you to restart your only save if you missed itThe story is pretty weakFirebending and Airbending are different from how the show portrays themIt's canon
,Recommended,281690,13621257,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,The combat is the shining point in this game. Playing as the avatar and having access to all 4 elements gives a wide selection of interesting and unique abilities.+ Fun combat+ Good selection of abilites+ One last romp through Korra's world- Weak story- Really dislike those Naga sectionsPlaytime: ~ 8h7/10
,Recommended,281690,13613343,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Small Napkins,"The Legend of Korra is actually a pretty good game. Granted the story is a little meh, but if you can get past that it's actually quite entertaining. Being able to use the differnet elements to wreck your foes feels great. The cell-shaded graphics look amazing, the music is great, and the voice acting isn't too shabby either. The only downsides I see is that there's a decent amount of time before you can use all of the elements and the fact that there is a huge difficulty spike if you change from easy to normal (I don't actually remember their real names but you probably know what I mean). In the end, people need to stop acting like they payed $60 for this game and not expect a AAA game.8/10P.S. - The Avatar state is probably one of the best parts. Also, that ""thanks for playing"" screen though."
76561198015800058,Recommended,281690,13613440,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,"Hello, Dog Speaking","overall, the game was ok,whish the camera and locking could be better though.."
,Not Recommended,281690,13615458,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Retro_Crayola,The fighting sequences in this game are very cheap. TOO REPETATIVE!! EVERY corner your fighting some sort of enemy. Which is where the repetativeness comes in. I like the story line but lay off on the number of enemies. And not all of the blocking moves I've made are noticed by the pc controls. I may as well replay Bioshock instead of trying to defeat the robot before getting on Verricks ship....because that's about as far as I'll get in the game....
,Recommended,281690,13654890,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Trast,This game can be a mixed bag. One the one hand the artwork and voicework are of the same high quality of the tv series. The individual elemental powers each have their own flavor and are fun to use. It's hits all the right notes in those regards.However the camera views can be really funk and the controls could have been made a bit better. The save points can be a little unforgiving as they are spread out. And I would certainly recommend a game controller for the best experience as the combat is very fast paced.
,Recommended,281690,13605868,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Joe,"The story of this game takes place after Korra fought Unalaq and is well-scripted with the original voice acting. The game lets you play as Korra as she battle against a new enemy as well as some old ones. The combat system in the game is a little simple but the moves Korra can perform are awesome. After the completion of the story, Legend of Korra fans can get to play as Korra alongside Mako and Bolin in in Pro Bending tournament which is a very interesting game mode. Overall, I would recommend this game to those who miss the show which has just ended."
,Recommended,281690,13608147,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,lotuzoryukai,"If you love Korra and the martial arts the world of ATLA has to offer, then this IS the game for you."
,Recommended,281690,13610547,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Brother Blood,"Excellent game, must buy if you are a fan of the show and even if you aren't i would recommend you to purchase it at full price. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,281690,13597377,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sick-Twisted-Deva,"Awesome game. Great story and worth the price. One of the few games that I bought at full price, well worth it"
76561198114324817,Recommended,281690,13419906,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Stupid Internet Dummy,"WEEKEND SALE! Pick it up now while its on sale!The Legend of Korra is my favorite TV show so of course I will defend anything related to it to death but I will try and add an unbaised opinion.For those who watch the show(s):Story:To start the game is set after Book 2 and leads up to Book 3 so if you want to avoid spoilers go watch Book 1 and 2.The story isn't lenghty like the TV shows which is expected. The main Characters from the show appear little if at all. Korra, Jinora, Mako, Bolin and The Announcer appear with their voice actors/actresses from the TV show. Some characters are referenced such as Asami and Tenzin but do not appear. The bad guy Hundun doesn't interest me and is bland where as other bad guys in the TV show are interesting.Brief Summary of the Plot:Korra is doing some things. Gets hurt. Loses her bending. Goes and does lots of other stuff. Gains all her bending. Goes into Avatar Star. Rekts Hundun.Gameplay: I haven't played any other Platinum (A metal that can't be bent by Metal Benders) Games but I hear they are good. The beginning is extremely boring as you lose your bending and just punch and kick people. Once you get your first element the game starts to speed up. If you ever pretended to be a bender (still can't take that seriously) or the Avatar (don't lie) you are going to get a kick out of this. Using all the elements to beat down someone is the most satisfying thing. The highlight of bending (and in the game) is when you first enter the Avatar State. I will not lie. I squealed in joy.Naga Running: It's Temple Run but with a cute fluffy Polar Bear Dog.Pro Bending: Featured in the TV show. I don't know how to explain it. It's ok.For those who don't watch the show(s):Story: Treat like all other stories. If it vaugely interestes you go watch TLoK or TLA. Just do it. I will give you a cookie.Gameplay: I would assume Platinum fans would enjoy the game. I like these type of games (not good at them though).Conclusion:Must buy if you are a TLoK fan.Must buy if on sale for non TLoK fans."
,Recommended,281690,13912737,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,RAGED,"Combat is solid and smooth, graphics are really good for a cartoon-based game. There is a large focus on the last-second dodging and blocking, but it's not frustratingly difficult. The story is, like many have put it, not too great, but it's not terrible. There are a few lines so far that will not hold much meaning or simply be confusing if one has not watched the series (do yourself a favor and DO IT). The side-missions on Korra's pet are a bit annoying, but luckily short and with numerous checkpoints.The game is short if you don't care about the extras. You probably could simply go straight through the missions in a couple or few hours. However, simply replaying them when I get new powers to unlock chests, and going for gold on each mission, has provided me with over 6.5 hours and I have only finished 5/8 levels on Normal. People spend $60 dollars for ~6-8 hour games all of the time, even without replayability.There are also quite a lot of little trinkets in the store that can really alter your game style, which is why I will probably hit 10-12 hours on the story mode alone once I unlock the highest difficulty -- something I don't typically care about. Examples are a trinket that allows for permanently charged powered up attacks in exchange for half health, and a trinket that allows you to move faster.No comment about the Pro-Bending, since I haven't finished normal."
76561198040715044,Recommended,281690,13873360,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,VAND3RLIN,"Not a bad game for what it's worth. If you want to go into battle button mashing... Giant crowds, yes! Bosses... Hell no...!and the pro-bending mini-game is really fun... wish that it was multiplayer"
76561198062598978,Recommended,281690,13899937,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Perkunis,"This is definitely a game for people who enjoy spectacle fighters and the Legend of Korra.This may not be the best Platinum game ever but that does not make it bad at all.The game feels amazing to play, the combat is very satisfying and has suitable impact.The story is not amazingly good but it's good enough in my opinion with voice-acting from the original voice actors from the show."
,Recommended,281690,13903404,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TimurKiyivinski,"The storyline of this game is rather short and I greatly reccommend getting a controller for this game, it's almost impossible otherwise. However, it is in my opinion worth it. You can really get your butt kicked with all the enemies! Also, the pro-bending mode is fun :D Works perfectly on GNU/Linux on WINE althought a native port would be nicer, anyhow, enjoy :D!"
76561198045066255,Recommended,281690,13210430,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Bad Luck Kitty,"great game, however the whole leveling up thing stopping you whilst in combat is rather frustrating..."
,Recommended,281690,13212490,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Aegis★,"If you're a fan of LoK, then this is the game for you. Though it gets really frustrating at times, the game is generally fun.Graphics 8.5/10Story 7.5/10"
,Recommended,281690,13212653,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[][]-3picFayc3-[][],This game is great for it's price.Although i think there should be more levels.I can play again many tiems and never get bored.I recommend this game to everyone.
76561198142715968,Recommended,281690,13215192,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,bagrad007,"Screw the Naga sections, but everything made by Platinum is pure..... well platinum."
76561198014947932,Recommended,281690,13216274,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rando Smash,"The story is bad, whether you're a fan of the show or not. It's basically just an excuse for the game to happen. The game is attractive and pretty fun for what it is. It kinda fills the space that a Turtles in Time etc. did years ago. You go about brawling generic bad guys with mostly color to differentiate them, with a few ""Boss"" fights thrown in.The combat and movement itself feels tight and the different types of bending feel useful and varied enough. I enjoyed the Naga running and Pro bending segments more than I thought I would. The platforming worked just fine with a Xbox controller, though criticism of the camera occasionally being wonky are legitimate. The game offers a decent challenge, Korra can not take too much punishment despite dishing it out and some of the enemies are pretty aggressive.Basically, the Gamespot reviews were absurdly lowballing, as are the reactionary sentiments that went with that. It's not a blatant cash grab and some obvious care was put into the mechanical side of the game. It's simply not a full title and if you're expecting that it's going to be disappointing. If you want to beat people up as Korra for 5 hours then it's a pretty decent game. Recommended for fans of the show, at least."
76561198058220458,Recommended,281690,13202814,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Clayt8,"its fun to play but id say it needs balencing, air bending is very powerful compaind to the other elements and the spacing in the later levels arnt skaled very well but it is still fun,"
,Not Recommended,281690,13204347,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Vipus,"Not as bad as some gaming outlets would like you to believe, but still a big disappointment - Especially considering that Platinum Games was behind it.While the game can be quite fun later on (or on a second playthrough), it takes way too much time for it's combat system to become remotely rewarding - If only you started with more bending styles and/or combos unlocked...The Pro-Bending Championship minigame was actually what I enjoyed the most about TLOK. The mechanics are simple, but solid. The interactions between Korra and her team-mates are also quite amusing - This actually made me wonder why you have so little contact with those characters you know and love during the main campaign.There are far better hack-and-slash titles out there, so TLOK is a game I'd only recommend to fans of the series, but lets face it: Chances are that if you are a fan, you probably already bought it..."
,Recommended,281690,13204816,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Death_Sheep,Rode a polar bear dog through a city.
,Recommended,281690,13205216,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Chubop,"This game was an averagely fun game to play. However, if you're going to get this game and you have an Xbox One / PS4...get it on the console. The PC version is highly buggy. For example, everytime you enter a battlezone where a big fight will happen, the time it takes for the game to introduce the characters to when you actually start fighting takes ridiculous amounts of excess time that just makes the game feel slow (if you did not understand that: when the characters jump onto the screen for battle, they remain static after they have done their showoff moves for around 10-15 seconds. This does not happen in the console version). Also, on a side note, the main boss is almost impossible to beat. The game unforutanely has many bosses that are under the guise of being challenging, but it turns out that they're just really, really cheap. Did you struggle to fight that humongous spirit boss in the beginning of the level? Rest assured, there will be 2 of them that you need to fight at the same time and they'll eclipse your camera, and also there will be environmental hazards.However, on the bright side:The combat system is one of the best systems I've ever had the pleasure of playing.The transition between each of the four elements is very smooth and fluid, and it makes it feel like you're the actual Avatar. It's really great. Also, when you're kicking butt in this game, it feels so amazing. You just feel like you're wrecking everyone, and when you're in the Avatar State it's just chaos.All in all, throughout the bugs and stuff, the game is good.7.2/10"
,Recommended,281690,13205571,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ithenos - Returned,"Let's get this straight out of the way. The story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and nonesensical. It's just there to give some sort of context.It's developed by Platinum, and it shows. The combat is fun, fluid and has some (very) minor complexeties to it. Certainly not Platinum's masterpiece by any strech of the imagination.The game is merely above average and certainly worth a purchase for fans of the show. It's cool to bend the elements and such and not expensive at all.If you don't watch the show though, I'd stay off, as there are far superior spectacle fighters out there."
,Recommended,281690,13207053,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Fox Pocket,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,281690,13207893,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jotakusan,"I highly recommend this game for fans of The Legend of Korra and The Last Airbender. The bending is sweet, has great visual effects, and is super smooth. Even if you don't watach Korra, I still recommend this game if you watched ATLA because of the bending. If you don't watch either of the shows, I would recommend this game if you are big into fast pased action games and games with melee/magical fighting. The story was nothing to write home about, but the game is super fun none-the-less. It's worth 14 bucks."
,Recommended,281690,13208502,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SaiyanHeretic,"""The Legend of Korra"" fits into a rather small niche.  Fans of the show will be heartened to know that this is a very accessible character action game.  Voices are provided by original cast members, and the bending looks and feels great, but the plot is bare bones and there isn't much of the world for us to explore.  Fans of Platinum games will likely be let down by the relatively shallow gameplay and limited replayability.  This game desperately needs online competitive pro bending, but that's more commitment than we could possibly expect from a licensed game, especially the way Nickelodeon has treated the LOK franchise thus far.  Bottom line: If you want a weekend of light action, or just want to support the show, get this while it's on sale."
76561198153354955,Recommended,281690,13208581,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Saiyan007,"I debated getting this game...I was a huge fan of Avatar: The Last Airbender, but I wasn't quite as fond of Avatar: The Legend of Korra. However, the game did have some good reviews and it was rather cheap, so I took a chance.This game BLEW MY MIND! The game is short, which is its biggest downfall, but it totally makes up for it with its awesome graphics, fun gameplay, and unique attention to detail as well as bending. I love how you can switch between elements so fluidly. The pro-bending (yes you get to do pro-bending tournaments) stuff is fun too, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little disappointed that you couldn't do more customization there.IDEA: Upgrade the pro-bending in this game so you can create your OWN team and compete. THAT'D BE AWESOME! SOMEONE GET ON THAT!Bottom line, this game is excellent and well worth the price if you're an Avatar fan. If you're not an Avatar fan...well you still might enjoy it anyway. ^^"
76561198104401674,Recommended,281690,13208816,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,beneficial cucumber,"Really good game, good plot, bosses are annoying at first but u will soon learn how to beat them. Just get the game and you will see for yourself"
76561198146479099,Recommended,281690,13186630,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jack,Awesome game.
,Recommended,281690,13233173,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,rex53211,"I loved this game it was really cool, one thing the last boss level freaky."
,Recommended,281690,13227063,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mr_mau,"This game is really good.Before I played this game, I thought that this game would be similar to the Last Airbender game, but it really wasn't like that. It's a fighting game and sometimes it becomes a bit repetative, but because of a great amount of attacks, moves and other action you can play this game without ever getting bored."
76561198069535183,Recommended,281690,13218947,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Gaiaphange,"8/10 its just one of those games you get really into, even though the story isnt anything special"
,Recommended,281690,13219524,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Zaneo,"The camera is pretty terrible, and the lack of enemy diversity is quickly apparent, but overall I really enjoyed the game. It's pretty short though, easily beatable in 3-4 hours."
,Recommended,281690,15699582,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dorfmeister,"Bosco is not in the game 1/10Jokes aside, you get to be the avatar, you can bend and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Obviously a perfect 10/10"
,Recommended,281690,15702613,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pyjama Ninja,"Love this fighting style, exactly like the show!"
76561198038727976,Recommended,281690,15619980,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Turtle-Sage,"A very short game, but worth every penny you spent on it.Honestly, this game didn't have much to say for it (just wait, I'm getting there), when you think about it, it was short, the enemies were the same, and the fighting was awful. BWAHAHAHHA, as if! Don't get me wrong, the other two were right, this game is very short with only ___ chapters (now whats the fun if i tell you go play it yourself) and the enemies were the same throughout the entire game. But platinum always does it right, this game never gets boring. I've replayed it for the 5th time, and I still don't want to stop. Does it disappoint me that there's no online bending vs mode? Yes, does it disappoint me that the story isn't longer? Yes, but despite everything else, for 15 dollars, whether you like Legend of Korra or not, this game will grab you and take hold of you. With the different combinations you can do and the four different types of bendings, this game is limitless. I will honestly never get tired of this game, and it was 15 bucks!!!! Now that's a great game."
76561198120108220,Recommended,281690,15643252,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,iNs CantFindNameWho?,"One of the best games I ever play , I dont know if this is because I LOVE the legend of korra and all this anime seriesbut i think if u spend your money for this game u will think it was a mistake this waste of money for a game( the only think I didnt like was the story have a other character for the bad guy and not the reals but its ok .. :D )"
76561198153585977,Recommended,281690,15644314,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kenshin,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,281690,15648498,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,DᕱᏒКᎩ,best game
76561198002525789,Recommended,281690,15691457,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Rhewtz,"This game seriously reminds me of Ninja Gaiden. Unremitting violence, and non-stop action, but in this case it's cartoony and fun. Definitely recommend to anyone that likes the Avatar shows, or that wants a challenge, because this game is it."
,Recommended,281690,15692058,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Franky,9/10
,Recommended,281690,15692588,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ultimatheory,"Fun Hack n' Slash type gamer reminiscent of DMC, only tamer since it is a Nickelodeon game.  Not much story other than go defeat the ""bad guy.""  However if you are a Legend of Korra fan, it is definitely worth the buy.  The actually gameplay is fun and fairly seamless, and bending is awesome.  You will finish the game quick; you can acquire all objectives in about 10-15 hours with two playthroughs.  Recommend picking it up if there is a sale."
,Recommended,281690,15713395,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,NotANazi (#STAYWOKE) ❥,I rate 8/8 for great game m8
,Recommended,281690,15721566,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LEMONS!?,"Do you love The Legend of Korra as a tv series?Do you enjoy the fighting style of the Naruto Series?And do you don't mind a not so good developed story which was also too short?Then this game is just for you!I loved it to be the Avatar but it would have been reeeally really easy to make this game a masterpiece.The Fighting was sooo goood, story and stuff to sink into not so good.All at all, it is really just fanservice. But works for me!"
,Recommended,281690,15723626,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Djoodi,"For the love of Raava, it's a good game xD Love it."
,Recommended,281690,15662108,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jiu-jitsu Johnny,Fake anime bae is in it.11/10; World's best game
76561198044108926,Recommended,281690,15663266,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wtrzn.,is fan :D)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,281690,15651551,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,foodminister,"If you're a fan of the Legend of Korra series, this is a great game to make you feel like the Avatar!"
,Recommended,281690,15653567,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Roll-Call Samurai,Fun and surprisingly difficult at some points
76561198008984332,Recommended,281690,15656912,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,onurv,"Major Points:+ Korra+ Original soundtrack and voice actors+ Good graphics in the anime's style+ Cheap+ Surprisingly challenging+ Replayability (at least once more)+ Fun boss fights- Repetitive combat- Difficulty spikes- Attacks/Enemies/Levels not well balanced-Naga levels- Few kinds of enemiesMinor Points:+ Cool avatar state+ Pro-bending+ Cutscenes- Not enough avatar state- Invisible walls- Almost only Korra- A little too short- Weak storyI don't know if you played any other Activision super hero games but if you did you know pretty much what to expect.  This game is the same in that perspective. They've got the graphics, soundtrack, voice actors etc. right but under the subjects story and gameplay they fall short compared to the AAA titles as always.The story takes places after Book Two. You lose your bending at the beginning (yes again) and gain them later one by one. The main bad guy and the events don't make much sense but it's good enough to keep you playing.Gameplay is very fun at first. Especially after you get your bending. Fighting with all those elements, all the colors, combos... But after a while it gets repetitive but with their leveling system and unlocking combos it isn't that boring considering the game isn't that long. Sometimes the difficulty gets tad bit too high (higher than the rest of the game anyway) however they are manageable with the right item combination, element and at most cases counterattacks (One of the biggest imbalances of the game. Counters are way too powerful. I wish someone told me sooner). There are also collectibles and grading system for the fights but they don't interest me much. Sometimes you play riding Naga. These parts I hated. You just run and dodge and collect spirit thingies and the worst part is they don't want to end.This is definitely not a serious buy. If you think you can have fun beating palette-swapped enemies with flashy combos for a few hours then go ahead. I know I did."
76561198035569937,Recommended,281690,15657171,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Kimono Stairs,Great fast paced combat. Definately not an easy game. Lots of room for expandability though.
,Recommended,281690,15634792,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,washu73,Splendidly cell shaded artwork.Reasonably good story.Spetacular fights.Reasonably cheap price. (and if you get this during a sale then this is doubly true)
76561198038857621,Recommended,281690,15635885,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hemmingway McGhettofish,Did a short and sarcastic review about this game. So if you want to have a good time click the link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLusFUo9IXA
,Recommended,281690,14187643,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,rickylows2,i do like game but unfortunately its not that excitining and im LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE the last airbender and legend of kora   i also have to agree with the youtuber called Jimmy(NintendoFanFTW) it is unbalanced mostly the combat and the airbending
,Recommended,281690,15629815,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sppaeh.?,Fun game with animations and voice actors from the show. The game is cell shaded and captures the look of the show as well. The fighting starts out kind of boring as you get your bending taken away at the beginning of the game but once you start getting them back (one by one) the action picks up and you'll be switching between them depending on what situation you are in. You can purchase addition moves and upgrades with money earned in game to add to the basic moves. The story is nothing spectacular but not necessarily bad. Once you get the hang of countering attacks (and you will have to for some of the bigger enemies)  the game starts to be very fun. Lengthwise the game is a little short but I feel like I got my moneys worth.
76561198008146000,Recommended,281690,15630901,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,crazy_boy2K,"What a fantastic game!  Yeah - it is easily exploited if you know how - then, even the hardest difficulty can be beaten; nonetheless, this game was far more entertaining than many people give it credit for.  I just wish that they could have expanded on the game more to give Korra a more diversified moves list and made going into the avatar state just a bit more epic.  Speaking of, my real gripe about this game is how anticlimactic going into the avatar state turned out to be.  It looked cool, but you couldn't really do a whole lot with it.Besides that, the Pro-Bending matches were a favorite for my son and I out of all the minigames.  Some people don't seem to want to give this game much of a chance and dwell too much on the game not being like Skyrim or Call of Duty.  Personally, I'm glad it's not.  I would definitely play this again!"
,Recommended,281690,15633666,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,evilozmaker,♥♥♥♥ yes Korra.
76561198149085783,Recommended,281690,14835235,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Thesoulseeker,well i enjoyed the game loved the avatar chapter series on dvd as well Great work :)
,Not Recommended,281690,13901061,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Fat Engie of Pooterville,Platinum made a bad game
,Recommended,281690,14995078,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Misty Antelope,far from perfect but very fun.play it if you like Avatar.
,Recommended,281690,15563787,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,buttons15,"****1/24.5 out of 5My favourite video game. Ever.Based on one of my favourite ever TV shows, Legend of Korra is happily the game I have most enjoyed out of the years I've spent gaming. but I'm not going to hold bias on my review, as although I love this game to pieces(!), it certainly isn't perfect.Just like the TV show, the game centres around Korra, an avatar that can bend all the major four elements: Earth, Wind, Fire and Air. The game mostly distances itself from the TV show plots with a completely new antagonist - which is welcome and good for newcomers of the series.The game plays out as a fighter of sorts, although there is collecting and various minigames to be done as well. The game is also very replayable, with different difficulty levels and game modes unlocked after you progress through one round of the game.As before I say the game isn't perfect, as there are some decidedly high difficulty spikes at times, but regardless I absolutely adore this game, and if you're interested in Platinum, the Korra series or just a good video game in general, you should definitely pick this up. Now."
76561197996631290,Recommended,281690,25314860,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,nightbeest77,"This game is a pretty solid title.  Graphically it feels like you're playing through an episode of the show, and the Audio is taken directly from it as well, makes for a great experience.  Gameplay wise it's pretty fluid with the mouse and WASD keys, though a controller would make it a bit easier.  Like Devil May Cry meets Avatar.  Only complaints that I have are that it's a bit short, and that the story is a bit rushed and one dimensional.  Still a good purchase, especially if you're a fan of the show."
,Recommended,281690,25352498,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ashura,"I am a small youtuber who specializes in anime games mostly ,the legend of korra for me is anime (idk about other people) and i really liked playing it and spent a little bit of my time on it ,i completed this game three times ,uploaded about 20 or more videos per few attempts to create high quality channel ,and here i am again on my best channel created ever ,still without community but yeah ... ya know ...This review is not about my youtube career ,but about this game ,so ,should you buy it ?Idk about the prices on steam and how much games are worth but i think you should buy this game with a discount if its possible ,bcs storyline is a little bit too short for full cost , of course you can play pro bending matches and all ,thats what i will be doing later ,another thing ,if you have xbox 360 controller it will be more awesome for you than to play with keybord and mouse ,so what i am trying to say is that ,if you are the same person as me who likes anime/cartoon ganre games ,you should buy it and try for yourself ,the storyline is not long so it will not take too much time to complete and to master the game :)Thats all for the review ,this is my first review ever made so please don't hate ,ik that mostly i trash talked ,but i will try to improve in my other reviews :)P.SIf you want to see what this game is about ,check out my youtube channel which name is Zheng roar :)"
,Recommended,281690,25352785,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,JAMALAMMA,you can play as a giant blue version of your already kick♥♥♥♥♥protaganist10/10
76561197992852381,Not Recommended,281690,27593695,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blynat84,"kind of fun, extremely short. once you get your powers back and you think the game is finally picking up....it's over."
76561198129834735,Recommended,281690,32653119,Posted: 22 June,all,Yui2k xD,10/10 loved this game
76561198112079252,Recommended,281690,32814072,Posted: 26 June,all,hapyvenom,If You're a fan of The Legend of Korra series then you would really love this game! It has a great story. However my only fault with the game is the counter action doesn't really work most of the time. However I may just be doing it wrong. I highly recogmend this game!
76561198053746573,Recommended,281690,32830880,Posted: 26 June,all,blackguard3,"I want to say that this game is pretty neato. Any Avatar fan can pick it up most assured and have some good fun with it. It is short, but I feel it's a very well made game for what it actually is. That may be a personal opinion as others disagree, but hey. The only thing I'm sad about is that no one ever got to delve more into the universe of this animated series with other gaes at all. So sadly, at least for PC from what I know, we only have this."
,Recommended,281690,32950647,Posted: 28 June,all,「Adellia」,naise
,Recommended,281690,33094527,Posted: 1 July,all,Colossal_Badger,"Pretty basic game.  If you aren't a fan of LOK then it's an easy pass.  The bending mechanics are awesome and there are great variations in gameplay with those but everything else is pretty repetitive or basic and linear.Cinematics are great and it's all the original cast so thats cool.Would benifit greatly from a multiplayer pro bendign mode.  That would make this game so much more worth it.6/10  Cool bending and new canon story, but everything else is a little underwhwelming.I'd suggest picking it up on sale like I did."
,Recommended,281690,33089127,Posted: 1 July,all,erinbutt,+ Tahno- Not enough Tahno8/Tahno.
76561198094614171,Recommended,281690,33116003,Posted: 1 July,all,crimpof_spouki,Great game if you liked The Legend of Korra and want more of it but the controls are a bit difficult to learn...
76561198046150647,Not Recommended,281690,32983682,Posted: 29 June,all,De Batsman van het Noorden,"This game had a lot of potential, but it was ultimately not worth buying. The combat is frustrating, the camera is almost never where you want it and enemies are repitive (get ready to fight the same boring benders 100 times). It's sad too, because the combat is close to being highly enjoyable. I also really like the shop system, the way you learn new attacks and the overall visual design of the game. Too bad it turned out as one big mess."
76561198090666334,Not Recommended,281690,32964760,Posted: 28 June,all,s0laris,"Should read the positive reviews next time too...Pros:-Combat system is good, not as fluid as say Bayonetta, but still good-Voice acting is good (not stellar, but good)-Cartoon transition scenesCons:-Zero story-Zero scenery (this is where they shouldnt have to follow the cartoon's simplicity)-Low variety of enemies-4 hours story mode-Little to no replayabilityIf you are not a huge fan of the cartoon (i am not), avoid this, especially at its base price."
76561198130389027,Recommended,281690,33045119,Posted: 30 June,all,riven63,Let me start of by saying: Get this game on sale.The game is really short which is honestly the main disappointment I have because everything in it is well done. I was actually surprised that ended when I the least expected it to be. The game has so much potential for and depth that I feel it almost left uncompleted. Don't get me wrong. THE GAME IS AMAZING. I just want more and more content and I was really sad that it ended so early.The replay value would be winning the game with no items which is really challenging. Use a controller!
76561198120142458,Recommended,281690,33130428,Posted: 2 July,all,Guerillacrackers,Game is awesome if you've seen the series. Only thing I missed was the cabbage guy
,Recommended,281690,18435523,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Hayiu,worth every peny
,Recommended,281690,18372953,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hinyu,"Personally, I loved it.I keep seeing reviews saying that it's short and although yes, I agree that it is a little shorter than the average game, I implore you to look at the price. The quantity and quality of the game totally justifies the £12 and the game has a decent replay value if you're into fully completing games and gathering all equipable items, collectables and achievements.Don't acknowledge the reviews from the greedy individuals who are likely comparing it to that of the 'Naruto: Ninja Storm' series (Which it shares simularities with in artistic design and feel), £12 is more than adequate for a game of this standard."
,Not Recommended,281690,18348134,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Sithodah,"DO NOT BUY OR PLAY UNLESS YOU REALLY, REALLY ENJOY THE SHOW.This is a very basic beat-em' up game set in the Legend of Korra universe, more specifically between Book 2 and 3.The story is actually surprisingly boring and very thin for a licensed Korra game, really not much to it at all; Evil guy can take away Korra's powers, and she has to relearn all of them throughout the game.I'm actually certain they just didn't want her to have her powers at the beginning so they could simulate a sense of ""Progression"" by relearning them all. It all seems really tacked on at last minute and really doesn't make use of the excellent source material by any stretch.The gameplay is alright. It's not exactly mindless clicking of fast attack, you do have to time dodges and blocks. for me, this wasn't too bad, but I found that I never used my strong attacks very much, they usually took so much time that I would get hit by some projectile before I could connect any damage to enemies. I also found the powers imbalanced somewhat; Earth and Water are decent, water being predominantly a ranged attack, and Earth being a very close quarters and high damage attack. I found Fire to have the most limited range, and to be the weakest, the trade-off being speed was much better. I used Fire very little because of this, only good for one on one attacks. Air on the other hand is OP as hell. it does average damage, goes quite fast, and has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of range and area damage. As soon as I got air, I used almost nothing else. The game does a good job of making a lot of the combat look cool, but that soon loses its value, as it becomes repetitive and more of a grind; save for the boss fights.The earlier boss fights are also kind of hard, and the later ones are stupid easy. seems a little backwards, but I suppose you do feel more powerful because of it.I could be okay with all of these things, but I payed about $10 for this game, and I beat it in 4 hours.Like, I was done and bored with the game once I had finished, so it's good that they didn't make it a 20 hour trek.But this game should be bought for no more than $5 in my opinion.In conclusion, this game feels like a hurried attempt to slap together a licensed game for Korra, the gameplay and mechanics are solid (what we should come to expect from the wonderful Platinum Games) but the story and length are hugely disappointing for Korra fans hoping to find a new window into her world.I feel like this game was ordered in too small a timespan to deliver something really worthwhile (This shows in the lack of menu options for graphics and such) but rather than deliver a decent lengthened, buggy mess; Platinum focused on making a tight combat system and a shorter campaign.If you absolutely LOVE Korra, then check it out on a steam sale. Otherwise, stay away.4.0/10"
76561197962584972,Not Recommended,281690,18349287,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Recklessly Impressionable,"Superb arcade style action game by Platinum. (extremely fun imo)  Terrible port.This game should have never been released on pc without sufficient configuration options. PC gaming 101: Have options available for keboard/control configuration.Essentially, the user is stuck with a single universal control config template (that is awkward imo) and set in stone. This is amateur buffoonery and an incredibly lazy port to boot."
,Recommended,281690,18402965,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,laptopStrummer,"Really close to the original cartoon, the controls and fighting system feels very good :)Sadly gets pretty repetitive after a while.Honeslty a second game, more scenario driven would be amazing !7/10"
76561198027255228,Recommended,281690,12605860,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Knarral,"It's pretty good. It's very much worth $15.It's a 3d action game. It's also made by Platinum, which should really tell you something about the gameplay. In short: it's really, REALLY good.Before I talk about ANYTHING, you need to know that YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH A CONTROLLER. It's not a very good port. The camera controls with the mouse are terrible. You need an analogue stick - WASD doesn't cut it. You cannot rebind anything. ""Normal"" graphics are the same as ""Smooth"" graphics in every way except ""Smooth"" has more jaggies. Other than resolution and full screen, there are no other graphics options. Again, it's runs fairly well, and the game isn't demanding in the least, so you don't really need to worry, but that's the port report.Is it as good as other Platinum games? I don't think so. It's pretty short, and I'm absolutely positive the publishers made them implement the ""Naga sequences"" which are essentially just punishing runner segments. They're pretty bad - ESPECIALLY on extreme. By far the worst part of the game is the ""Naga vs Mek Tanks"" segments, which is pretty much just a runner segment but with some extra attacks where Naga swipes at the enemy directly in front of you (and it has a really short range). It's incredibly punishing and dying means restarting from the start of the fight. On extreme, you can only be hit ONCE. Any more than that and you die. It's incredibly frustrating and not well designed by any means.However, outside of those segments (of which there are 2: one on the second level, one on the fifth level (which is followed by the afformentioned Mek Tanks segment), you're playing a Platinum game. The combat is pretty fun, and pretty challenging (even on normal). It revolves around switching between each of the 4 bending styles, keeping up the charge metre and dodging lightning and countering other attacks in the mean time. Each of the styles have their own quirks - water is pretty weak but has the longest range of any style, air does medium damage but is great AoE, fire does medium damage really fast (though at the cost of being able to only hit things directly in front of you, though you DO ""teleport"" to your target), and earth is slow, short-medium range (depending on charge metre), and high damage. You need to use all of them in different scenarios.Artistically, it looks like the cartoon. It's pretty good in that respect. The voice acting is at best mediocre and at worst straight up bad - though, you won't really care, because it doesn't really matter.Also, you can play Pro Bending, which is something you should do even if you've never watched Legend of Korra ever in your entire life. It's pretty good.Some fair criticisms: This game is really short. It IS only $15, and the gameplay is fairly good, but I beat the story mode in  4 hours. I have not ""platinum'd"" every level (or even ANY level for that matter, it's actually fairly challenging and I need to play more), but the story mode isn't very long. Also, the story is pretty mediocre and fairly vague. If you've never watched Legend of Korra (like me), you're not really gonna understand what's going on. You probably won't care very much, because you'll be busy beating up a bunch of ""chi-blockers,"" ""triads,"" ""Mek Tanks,"" and spirit demon things (Mek Tanks should be fairly obvious, but the rest? No idea who they are or what they're doing or why they're doing it or anything). By the way, those are the only enemies in the game. 2 versions of Mek Tanks, 4 versions of chi-blockers, and 3 versions of triads. Also about 4 or 5 types of spirits. Not a whole lot in the means of enemy variety, but the game is also fairly short, so I suppose it doesn't matter that much. It really expects you to have watched the cartoon, but the story is fairly weak in the first place, and largely irrelevant.So there you have it. It's definitely worth the $15. If you don't think you can justify it, DEFINITELY pick it up when it goes on sale. It's very good, if you can look past the tenth of the game that's not."
,Recommended,281690,12606174,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,annoyingzhang,"This is the closet I can get to bending … and I tried throwing rocks, it’s just not the same. If you are a fan of The Last Airbender and Korra, then this game will be enjoyable. However, it is not without its quirks. My number one complaint is the camera. Its janky, jittery, and the views with lockon are not that great. There’s no sense of the battle at any given time and the view is even more worse when you are fighting the giant enemies in the later half of the game. The Naga minigame (why no glider minigame???) is a headache as well specially the weird way it turns. Story wise there’s not much of it. No antagonist development, no other Team Avatar appearances, no quirkiness like the TV shows. I still give this a “yes” rating if you are a huge Ang/Korra fan."
,Recommended,281690,12607171,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,MrKing1990,"Graphics - 4/5The graphics in the game are great. Think Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm. Anime cell shaded style graphics, but you can get the idea from the photos or various media on the game.Controls - 3/5They start out a tad wonky. When you originally start the game it explains very little and it isn'tuntil you lose your bendingthat you start really figuring things out. Long story short, they are very basic ones you get the hang of them, and easy to pull off strings of attacks.Story - 1.5/5This honestly is the worse part of the game. The story is very dry, bland, non explanatory, and by the time you're done with it; you're left with the 'Wow...really?' Or the 'I really wish they drove more into the story.' I can easily tell you a filler episode of the series had more going on than the story of this game. Very disappointed in the story of the game.Gameplay - 3This is the game's strong suit. It's what you could expect in a $15 Avatar game. Bending, bending, and more bending. Each element feels like it's suppose to belong and later within the game you can actually reachthe Avatar State. Mind you, though it is by Platinum Games don't expect the play style to be similar to Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising Revengence. You've got your standard heavy and light attacks but nothing as over the top as those two games. Which of course I'm not saying is a bad thing but as you can tell those are main titles charged at full price where this is an 'arcade' game running at $15. So you can get the idea.One thing I will add that is extra fun that I haven't gotten to fully divulged myself in yet is the Pro-Bending. Once you beat the main game you can go back and play the pro-bending parts (not a spoiler, tells you at the main menu). Though I do wish I didn't have to unlock it; it's still fun and I can see myself putting a lot of time behind it. I only wish they made that part multiplayer.OtherGreat music pulled straight from the show.Naga's parts are 'meh'Replay value is mainly in the pro-bendingShort gameI can see where the main stream reviewers get their scores. Though I wouldn't go as low as 3/10. The game gets a solid 3/5. It brings some fun stuff to the table, but it lacks in production. But it's at a reasonable price and you're getting what you expect from that. I hope sometime in the future they get a bigger budget and are able to make a main title game giving us everything we want and more."
,Recommended,281690,12609672,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,sG|Marz,Is it a AAA title with in depth story and amazing voice acting?No but it does make you feel like an Avatar. Great game for its price tag and highly recommend it to others.Try play with a controller if possible
,Recommended,281690,12609923,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Guy on a buffalo,Awesome everything I wanted for a $15 game
,Recommended,281690,12609947,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,IncrediEddy,"The bottom line is that The Legend of Korra is a fun game. Not deep, or huge, or anything like that, but it's fun. Combat feels good and progression feels good. If you're expecting this to be an interactive Korra movie or something, it's not. It's just a fun game with a little bit of context thrown in, and that's fine, because this is a game where you can bend all four elements and have a grand old time doing so.Probending for me is an even higher tier of fun. You need strategy, skill, concentration, all that jazz to beat Ace difficulty. At the time of this review, I've spent ~20 hours playing this over 2-3 days and I would guess that at least half of those have been in this simple, bonus minigame because it is just that much fun.I don't know how to put into words exactly how I feel about this game, so I'll just say that even though it's frustrating at times and brutally unforgiving at others, I had a great time playing through the story, Ace probending is absolutely incredible fun for me, and playing through on Extreme is even funner than the first time round (except for maybe one part mid-late in the game involving Naga which you will know if/when you experience it, which spoiler alert: is hard as nobs and will hand you some BS).To sum it up: I wouldn't say it's a great game - because it's lacking in story and variety - but it sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥is a fun game and one that you'll enjoy.I think it was IGN who said something like ""I can't think of anyone who would like this game"" or they ""can't recommend it to anyone"" and to put it bluntly, I think they're mong in the head because this game does fun and it does it damn well."
,Recommended,281690,12611016,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,gritness,"A very nice fighting mechanic made me want to keep playing.Other than that, the story is very poor and its painfully short, something around 5 hrs of play.I´d say it´s a must play for fans, but that's about it.Now i´ll stay hoping this one sells good enough for them to make another with more elements to explore."
,Recommended,281690,12611130,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CuteMonster,"I think many people are going to be expecting a big budget game that truly captures the Avatar Experiance. If you are only expecting that then this will be a let down, but for Platinum Games fans that love Korra and want a fun $15 afternoon, I recommend this game.Pros:-Combat is fluid and rewards mastery, the Platinum standard-Visuals look and feel cool, and mimic the action of the show-Probending Mode, the Naga endless runner minigame and varying difficulties offer multiple playthroughsCons:-Very little charm, or even other characters from the show, much more about the action-Story is bland and forgettable (though completely skippable)-Starts out a little slow, deffinitely takes a level or two to get the cool factor really rollingIn short, know what you are getting into. I got a good 5 hours in my first sitting on what was just initially purchased as a fix for my Bayonetta 2 cravings and I had a good time. If you want a AAA Bioware open world action RPG that truly captures the charm and combat of Avatar then this wont be anywhere close, but to the curious Platinum fans, ignore the reviews, spend a few bucks, and have a go at it."
,Recommended,281690,12611376,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Eggman,"In the start of the game you suddenly lose your bending power, and have to get them back one by one. How convenient.The story of this game, so far, isn't very promising, but the gameplay is quite fun. Those annoying triple threat triad guys that pop up from time to time really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off though, I die repeatedly but I take pleasure in smashing the face of that annoying earth bender again and again.Definitely not the best thing I would expect, but a very decent game nonetheless.It would be cool, though, if someone made a Legend of Korra game in the style of Tomb Raider (2013), and really bring Korra's character into a better light, even if it would cost the anime-esque art style. But that's just my notion."
76561198058865260,Recommended,281690,12925562,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Croco,"Being a fan of Legend of Korra, I was quiet impressed by the animation in the game. The bending and everything else was quiet well done too.the only thing which I found a bit annoying after a while was the repetitive opponentbut all in all it was a game I quiet enjoyed"
76561198041671645,Recommended,281690,12763627,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Tydrous,Despite that I am getting my butt handed to me on normal difficulty this game is still a ton of fun! It is a very well made game and feels very smooth. A must play for any Avatar fan!
76561198021827061,Recommended,281690,12700389,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,Korra is the hottest shít ever. What can I say? 10/10
,Recommended,281690,12752547,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Blue Partyhat,"Amazing game, and it gets really challenging on extreme mode. Also the pro-bending mode is really entertaining.The cartoon style of this game is charming and looks really nice and fitting. Very well done for a low-budget game."
,Recommended,281690,12752704,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Venotide,This is the best game that I have seen in the longest time. I highly recomend getting this game.
76561198081097238,Recommended,281690,12806455,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,セバスチアアン,"i recomand this game to every avatar fan in the world!its really well made and close to the anime (yes its anime anime is just the japanees word for cartoon :P)the story is new but you can notice thet the original makers head a saying into itthe graphix are close to the anime witch make it feel like thet you realy are controling korra and not just a in game caracterthis game makes it feel like you ARE the AVATAR and can indeed controll the elementsa bad point is thet after you compleet the story there is not much more to doyou can play some pro banding but thet gets boring pritty quickin the endif you are a fan of the series YES buy it its the €15,00 worth itif you are not a fan then i have to say NO"
76561198060091171,Recommended,281690,12746734,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Globaldominance,"If your an avatar fan, you will definitely LOVE this game! IT. IS. AWESOME.!!!!!!!"
76561198013489529,Recommended,281690,12747569,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Void_Incarnate,"This fun, challenging game is a love letter to the show. From the level designs to the characters, references and collectibles, it's clear Platinum immersed themselves in the lore and spirit of the show when they made this. The bending is fluid and satisfying, and all 4 elements are unique and equally useful.Highly recommended to fans of the show.Pros:Fluid, satisfying combatAuthentic attention to detailEpic mob and boss fightsCons:Some of the Naga sequences can be grueling, especially on Extreme, when you only have 1 healthResolution tops out at 1080p"
76561198156819096,Recommended,281690,12789968,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Korra,good  games pc :D
76561198105417133,Recommended,281690,12822234,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,sarafina.tipene,Yes great this is perfect this is perfect great yes
76561198115888369,Recommended,281690,12824710,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dsquad:Scrooge,10/10 IN CAPITALS AWESOME GRAPHICS GAMEPLAY (recomended in controller) SO VERY AWESOME (so awesome :) )Good game
,Not Recommended,281690,17632246,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Vingdoloras,"Compared to other fighting games, the gameplay is extremely simple, to the point where it gets really boring really quickly.  The ""Ride Naga!"" levels are nothing more than a Temple Run clone, and the Pro Bending mode takes the already far too boring fighting and strips away 90% of that, to make it even more bland and uninteresting.I didn't expect much for the price and mostly wanted to play it for the story, but seriously, I couldn't even stay interested in it long enough to do that."
,Recommended,281690,12624214,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Adepta Sororita,"After playing through the game I can cautiously recommend it.It has it's fair share of problems, but was worthwhile after all, but not for everyone.The Good:The combat is very engaging, though it takes 1,5 levels to really pick up, since Korra gets her powers blocked right at the beginning and has to get them back one after another.Combat systems always were the staple of Platinum, and even Korra is no exception: when you have your bending back, it really feels awesome to fluidly weave the elements together and use appropraite combos one after the other.Also a big plus, for fans of the show, they use the original voice actors, and the cutscenes are absolutely faithful to the Show.The character models and their animations are absolutely beautiful as well.The Bad:Alas that's it from the good side.The game is rather short (~5h), but since it is a 15$/€ title, that's probably ok.The Story, though from the creators of the Show is rather light and has little to no context to anything.The backgrunds are rather boring and empty, taking you to uninhabtited and very rectangular places of the republican city, the desolate places of the south pole, and the barren Spiritlands. As soon you get to the south pole, at least you expect the emptiness, but the Republic city was really dissapointing to me.The enemy variety is nonexistent, there are are 9 different enemy models, including bosses and minibosses. The goons all use the same model in different colors, and those are by far the most numerous enemies.The camera is a mess most of the time, locking onto enemies results in really awkward camera positons, where you can only see you and the locked on enemy, and you get hit in the back by attacks you didn't see coming quite often. The manual camera movement is really jerky and seems to used fixed camera angles instead of a free floating camera.The Naga running minigame is absolutely horrible, at least for me, especially when there are also enemies involved. there are lots of instadeath cases involved and it really kills the pacing of the game to crash with poor naga on some wall over and over again.Fans of the show will be dissapointed for the lack of known cahracters, besides Korra and 3 short sightings of other Characters (+ some known enemies of Korra as overused minibosses)The Verdict:Does the Combat and the atmosphere rescue the game?Well, the Comabt does, for the most part. As your strenght increases, it feels more and more awesome to beat up thugs with your almost godlike powers, but between the fights, wich feel pretty good, the atmosphere ist just lacking.For me personally the last Chapter saved it, sending me out on a high note.For fans of the show, it can be worth is, just for your extra Korra fix, for fans of Platinum, this is probaly their weakest game, but the Combat oozes their style nonetheless.15 bucks felt about right to pay, but for most People, I would reccomend to buy when it goes on at least a light sale, because it can be dissapointing, because the expectations with Paltinum and the license can be quite high."
76561198080037304,Not Recommended,281690,17716120,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Klau 劉世傑,This game has a few control flaws... it was fun yet frustrating at the same time due to the stupid controls. when you learn to airbend and firebend by tapping LT twice you'll either roam on your air ball or jet fly with fire to evade better during fights. the problem with that is you need to tap LT incredibly fast otherwise you'll just do a double front flip which can stall you ending up getting you killed. otherwise the game was fun but due to this small flaw/issue i'll give this game a 6/10. if they make another remake dont make it so strict to double tap LT to use a different skill.
,Recommended,281690,17747776,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,STRNGR TEN U,"This game is really fun to play if you love the series.Counter-attacks are REALLY annoying, but once you get the hang of it, the game is a stroll in the park.You don't need items. DON'T waste your spiritual energy  on them. You just need the talismans and the secret objects.To master Naga levels, I suggest to practice when you can. That way you can get lots of spiritual energy.If you are used to other action games, you might not like this game since is kinda buggy and the gameplay kinda repeats."
76561198043101664,Recommended,281690,17350040,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Skalamür,This pro-bending mode is awesome and it should be multiplayer..
76561198085972728,Recommended,281690,17359676,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kephir Baron,"This game is a decently fun ""Beat em up"" Experience, if you like Avatar in ANY way, this game could be enjoyable for you because of the Art style, and all the different bending styles available, ofcourse its just the usual ""Water, Earth, Fire, Air"" bending, but it is a quick story... for me, a little too rushed.Pro's: Fun gameplayFast actionThe bending styles are faithful to the shows, not being able to earth bend while in the air, fire bending being EXTREMELY quick, air bending being fast area of effect, and water bending being a middle point between earth and fire, powerful hits, but quick hits.Challenging gameplay.Cons: Some points weren't as fun, such as riding Naga sections (There were only 3, so they're bearable).They re-hash the same fighters over and over, just memorize the colors and boom you know how to beat them.Some ""Bosses"" feel like they're unbeatable unless you have a specific Item.The challenge to some point can get rage inducing, for your first playthrough, start on the normal difficulty because even THAT is crazy difficult.The game is only about 4-6 hours long.I recommend this game, not because I am a giant fan of avatar (Which I am) But because i enjoyed this game to a certain point, what I overly recommend is that you buy this game while its on a discount. I got this game at 4.something bucks, and 4-6 hours of challenging gameplay for under 5 bucks? Worth it, NOT worth it for 16.99 (Canadian, convert that if you're in the US or other places)"
76561198246755578,Recommended,281690,17942033,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,dannsiboy,This game is amazing. It has an amazing combat system and the storyline is decent. However it would be fun if there would be an extra storyline.
76561198170068557,Recommended,281690,18247961,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,pencilmanners,"First and foremost if you are considering buying this game, you should keep in mind that this is a £10 game made on a tight budget and short dev cycle.I've seen this game refrenced acouple times as a blemish in platinum games otherwise stellar track record, and this may be because others have gone into the game expecting the same quality of game you would expect from bayonetta or revengance, and that's simply not the case.Because of the budget, frequent issue with the game includes;-Really short game (3 or 4 hours for a 1st playthrough)-Decent cell shaded graphics immitating the cartoon artstyle that occasionally drop in quality-Lack of interesting enemy designs (around 10 or so different enemy types designed with one or two attacks in mind that you will be fighting throughout the game)-Scenarios and enemy compositions that are unbalanced i.e. some battles include enemies placed on the otherside of a large room that are specifically programmed to spam ranged attacks while you're fighting other enemies-Poor camera♥♥♥♥♥♥poor options menu-An almost non existant plotBUT despite all these issues, there is a good amount of enjoyment to be found in the legend of Korra.In combat you switch between four different bending powers (which you will gradually aquire as you progress through the game) as you fight through robots and ninja's and ghosts (oh my). Each fighting style provides it's own role in Korras arsenal that will be needed throughout the game and at no point did I consider any of the bending styles to be worthless (water bending utilises ranged attacks, earth is slow but deals large amounts of damage, fire is fast and can build combos quickly and air bending specialises in attacking groups of enemies). Korra is also trained in the art of front flip for style AKA dodging as well as blocking and countering attacks, the game expects you to become very well aquainted with these defensive options and their specific timings as enemies will be constantly attacking, even when you can't see them.If I were to give Korra a score, it would be a 6/7 out of 10 and I'm not using IGN's standards where anything bellow a 9 or 8 is considered trash. It's just perfrectly good for what it is and while it could definately have been something amazing if done better, I just see it a sign that Platinum is capable of delivering a solid title even when it's funded on a couple pennies.If your a fan of the avatar show or just a fan of action games, I would reccomend it."
,Recommended,281690,12668777,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Xylonn,"This game is worth your time and money! Although the story is quite short and the game can be a little hard, you will get used to it after a while and the mechanics of the game is quite good given that its quite a cheap game. Definitely recommend this to all Avatar fans. Whats more satisfying than unlocking all elements and entering the avatar state?"
,Recommended,281690,13658072,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Noblesse,"I'll try to keep this review short.I love Legend of Korra, it's a show that is great for all age groups and is probably one of my favorite series of all time. While their game is indeed short, it feels like an ""extras"" episode that takes place in-between Book 2 and 3. At first, I was kind of skeptical that it would just end up being kind of a ""meh"" game, but after reading the reviews and watching a video of the gameplay, I needed it in my life. They make up for the shortness of the game by including a pro-bending mode which we don't see a lot of in the actual show, so it's quite comforting to see it being done in the game. The story introduced challenges the Avatar faced as well as a nice little mix-up of gameplay near the later chapters.Overall, if you love LOK and don't mind a very simple hack-away game scoring 1000s of combos, this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,281690,19663608,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,BlazeTTD,"Really wanted to like this game as I loved the shows, but the controles are just aweful."
76561197992359720,Not Recommended,281690,19678042,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Kinalis,"Legend of Korra (the Game) was OK at best. As a HUGE Korra fan, I figured I had to try. The flavor of the game wasn't compelling enough to make up for what felt like a very limited system. This game is no Bayonetta gameplay wise, and doesn't capture the magic that the Avatar universe has either. If you can find it super cheap and NEED more Korra. Fine I won't stop you, but your time would be better served rewatching the series than playing this game."
,Recommended,281690,19735688,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BeefSupreme,"Stays true to the series. Highly recommended that you've finished watching the tv show (""Legend of Korra"" is only 4 seasons anyway - so yeah, not that long). If you liked the series, then you'll like this game. 'nuff said."
,Not Recommended,281690,22136153,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,aids patrol,"Completed in less than 3 hours, and that's only cos the save file got corrupted."
,Recommended,281690,16423020,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,barometz,"I am not good at or experienced with fighting games. I am a fan of The Legend of Korra. I feel like these two things combine to make this an excellent experience for me. Just finished chapter 4, which is not that far into the story mode. You don't get access to the pro-bending arena before you've finioshed the story, which seems odd, but hey. TL;DR: I feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥I'm playing this on the casual difficulty level, and still having a decently tough time getting through some fights. I can always flip back to the store, get some potions, and try again from one of the reasonably frequent savepoints, which means it's not too frustrating.There isn't a whole lot of plot. You're certainly not part of any yourself - in this game, Korra's just the gal who's got to punch some dudes to get to.. the end? I don't know. I get to punch bad guys with rocks, fire-kick bad guys in the face, stand on a pillar of water and throw water at bad guys. And generally feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥while doing it, as long as I don't end up pointed in the wrong direction after one dodge or another. Embarrassing, doing a massive two-hand fire-punch in the wrong direction.My only real issue with this game - it's a big one, it's a small one - is that the bending is all so divorced from the environment. As long as I'm standing on something, I can make a pillar of rock come up (and it'll vanish seconds later). At any time I can jump and have a pillar of water appear beneath me, supporting me while I throw more water in bad guys' faces. Save for a few hydrants and cars, the environment doesn't respond to anything I do. Can't really be upset about this, 'cause as a programmer I shudder at the thought of making this work the way I dream it might."
,Recommended,281690,16425135,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Delete me!,GG.
,Not Recommended,281690,16407734,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,akujou,This game is a lot of fun... if you have a controller. It is absolutely unplayable with a keyboard.
76561198003423756,Recommended,281690,16408073,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ƇƠƝƝƖƤƬƖƠƝƧ,"Actually pretty good, just short. So much more can and should be done with this series game wise."
,Recommended,281690,16237658,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,McGamer,"It's a fun game, but the only problem it was to short and combat isn't fluid at some points.Overall it's worth the money and be sure to have a controller because the keyboard and mouse can be a pain to use in some fights. :/"
76561198035951484,Recommended,281690,16438602,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[MeaN]she_flame,"I have played only about 15minutes, but I already love the game! (My love for AtLA and Legend of Korra might be factor here.) Anyway: amazing graphics, nice UI/controller system and hopefully so many hours of gameplay!"
76561198103664724,Recommended,281690,14912402,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mako,"I really like the show,and well... this is like another episode of The legend Of korra i really like the gamplay and all the refrences to Avatar the last airbender really makes it better"
76561198030717829,Recommended,281690,12608051,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,CurumoWolf,"Good game. The bending looks cool and is fun to play around with. The game really succeeds in capturing the essence of the show. Not perfect by any means, but there are worse ways to spend 15 euro's, especially if you're a fan of the source material."
76561197975174907,Recommended,281690,15086345,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,LuciferOfWater,"The Legend of Korra is overall a fun game and i would recoomedn it to anyonewho ever wanted to feel what it woud be like if you were the Avatar, this aint an intrducion game but it deliveres for the price its for. Am gonna list the pro and cons of the game to keep it simple.Pros:Artstyle is amazing and the most accurate i have seen in a game to the series itself.Combat is fun easy to pick up and gets pretty good once you start chaining the elements . Its fast paced and responsive.Voice Acting is pretty good , not sure but i think they used the actors from the series which makes it quite authentic.Challenging at higher difficultes.Cons:Require knowledge of the series , this isnt introduction to legend of korra you need to be aware about the series to fully grasp whats happening.Story is quite normal. Nothing exceptional.Small Game wont take more then a couple of hours to finish it.Cant do much with the avatar state i wish that would have been better implemented.Only one major boss fight."
76561198105737428,Recommended,281690,14778652,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,McValco,Very good game. buy it NOW :p
76561198042198723,Recommended,281690,14762225,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,letray6,"great game, had reservations before I bought it because people were saying it didnt give the same feeling as the Tv series. They were right but being able to wield the elements like this brings the fangirl out of me and is why i give the gave 10/10. I'm making this review mostly so i can boast about getting a platinum medal on ACe in the pro-bending circut. it only took about 3 hours of grinding but i can proudly tell the Rabaroos to go F*** themselves."
76561198017948940,Recommended,281690,26837783,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jonny15,"Good gameplay. Get a bit repetitive and sotry is short, but its very enjoyable"
,Recommended,281690,27855818,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Max,"Great game!In the first five minutes or so, it's not very interesting. But you have to keep playing. One of the best story rich games I've ever played."
,Recommended,281690,27606477,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ntr☠,"An adventurous teenager sails out on a daring mission to save her people. During her journey, Moana meets the once-mighty demigod Maui, who guides her in her quest to become a master way-finder. Together they sail across the open ocean on an action-packed voyage, encountering enormous monsters and impossible odds. Along the way, Moana fulfills the ancient quest of her ancestors and discovers the one thing she always sought: her own identity."
,Recommended,281690,27769695,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fortisvirilis,"I liked this game. Story is very shallow, just another bad guy stirring up a ruckus and you need to beat him up. And you're solo the whole game. The replayability of the game was decent, getting all the items and trying to beat the probending teams was fun (though a bit frustrating at times). And graphics were pretty good. I had fun playing.As you may read in other reviews, the learning curve for this game can be a bit challenging. I don't think this next part will detract from your pre-gameplay knowledge, but I found that countering, dodging and blocking was the key to getting better, especially for probending and playing on hard mode. Attack combos weren't that memorable for me, there's only a few finishing moves that usually happen anyways for each element. But then again, that's my style of play. The fluidity of the combos does have a nice feel to it though."
,Recommended,281690,25039544,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Faun the Techno Hillbilly,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing good for what it is, and only being 15 dollars. Had a good bit of fun with it."
76561197993790598,Recommended,281690,24820114,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,RedSirus,Short (6-8 hours for one playthrough) but *lots* of fun and with some replay value in terms of unlocking more powers and difficulties.  Fun to hop into casually for a level or two even after the game is over.
,Not Recommended,281690,20727602,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TF Alagesia,"Short, repetitive and obviously pushed down to be finished as quick as possible, this abomination of a game is not worth €15, try getting it for €5 instead.Not all about this game is bad, but just the graphics and the very enjoyable pro bending does not justify this entire game.Starting with the fact that the best part about this game is only unlocked after completing the extremely repetitive yet not so long campaign. Definitely something with a lot of potential that just wasn't worked on properly."
,Recommended,281690,24804921,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Beefster,"Beating up equalists with bending? Count me in!The story is humorously bad, but the gameplay mechanics are quite fun. The camera is a bit clunky and camera movement hints are slow and unskippable.I'd recommend you buy this when it's on sale. I wouldn't pay more than $5 for it."
,Not Recommended,281690,17668505,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Razor,"Neutral recommendationIts not a bad game but the gameplay is not satisfying, the camera is very bad, the combos ""useless"", its just jumping and spamming, very repetitive. I think its a 6.5/10 for the graphics and animations."
,Recommended,281690,24958751,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ashlex,Fun game. Loved the game mode that involved probending. Graphics were nice. Would recommend using a game controller as it was challenging to use a mouse and keyboard. Was dissapointed that you only played as Korra and not Bolin and Mako.
,Recommended,281690,25153353,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Volteros,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx3y_3kctboHere is my video review about the game.BUY THIS ONLY ON SALE! 15$ FOR 30 HOURS OF GAMING ISNT WORTH!So after 30 hours of gaming on The Legend of Korra game, I decided to make a review about it.Like many of you I am a big fan of the Avatar series both The Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra and with sadness im going to announce you that the game is not worth playing and I will explain you the reasons soon...The game had so many opportunities on becoming a best seller but I guess the creators didn't bother much.CONSFirst of all the Intro is a spoil for the skills, the combos and the storyline. You start with  Avatar Korra fighting against thousand of spirits in the spirit world, the bending abillities and energy on maximum and all combos unlocked and when u finish the fight and the tutorial after getting beat up by the spirits, the First chapter 'A new Era Begins' begins in a probending tournament. And you like yea ok whatever, seems cool. After yoy win the probending fight you are heading home I guess and you find 2 members of the Triple Threat Triad talking to a weird old man and when you get closer the members fled and the old man vanishes. Yea its an ambush where you lose your abillity to bend. (Moral Prespect: Dont talk to strangers)So you start the second chapter with no bending abillities and ready to fight a few chi blockers. You think 'not a big deal' but that's when the problems start... You can change stances or bending techniques but that is not enough. The game is very hard even in the Normal mode so I suggest you to start from the Casual mode for 'Begginers'. An other thing that made me freak out a bit, is that there are no civilians...Like nowhere! All you are facing are enemies, Green Chi-blockers, Red Chi-blockers and Blue Chi-blockers. Before you finish the second chapter you go for a ride with Naga on The Air Temple Island, and you must be 150% focused in order to avoid the walls, the cars or any other obstacles. The controls on naga are slow, sometimes you have to press the same button twice or even three times to work or you eventually die cause you hit a wall. Oh and the Naga run keeps getting harder on other chapters where you have to fight 3 machines at the same time. I dont even want to mention that chapter on Extreme Mode.Then you go on the third chapter and you arrive to the Air Temple Island where more chi-blockers in the same dress are waiting for you. I know what you are thinking and yes its true. The mobs are only 6-7 in different colors or different body shapes (about the spirits). While you are trying to get your water bending abillity back you face your first boss. Its a member of the Triple Thread Triad. When you finally manage to win the fight, barely dead,  an other one come! And when you beat that one too you have to face them again, the whole Triple Thread Triad together!For those who managed to win that fight too, there is another Naga run waiting for you to take you to the Republic City. Good luck!Somewhere in the middle of the 4rth chapter in The Republic City where no civilians appear, Jinnora appears to remind you how to get your earth bending back. By fighting and blocking a Giant Robot attacks. Yea thats it, thanks Jinnora! After a lots of fights with the colorfull chi blockers, you have to face the Triple Threat Triad once more to move on and take an other Naga run and thats when it gets boring. More fights with the same mobs and more naga runs...Anyway I dont want to spoil every single chapter so I left the worst for the last... The camera... Damn thats so annoying, getting stuck near walls and cant see a thing, or maybe mobs getting in front of you and still cant see. When you try to focus a Chi-blocker and he dodges some of your moves you have a problem cause your camera is turning around you like the enemy does. Or sometimes you cant change target and you just pressing buttons and skills going to nowhere. Thats pretty bad.PROSAlthough there are a few remarkable things about the game. The probending matches and tournament are exactly the same as in the TV series. The graphics are smooth and fast paced and the skills and abillities are awesome. But you cant enjoy the pros because of the cons."
,Recommended,281690,26379929,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stunobo,Fun game with a fun combat system.
,Recommended,281690,25468505,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Deku,"I did not like the first mecha tank battle as it was very hard to work out ( for me at least ) .However , it is really fun as well as fast paced . The 4 elements are awesome, 11/10 would play again :3"
,Recommended,281690,30886396,Posted: 1 April,all,Alarion Irisar,"Solid action romp with very little story (and no real connection to the series at all). Fun for a while, worth picking up during a sale but not for full price."
,Recommended,281690,26380196,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,On-3,"The game is great!on casual and intermediate.. you'll have a great time playing it there with the exception of level 5 end bosseswhats hard about the game in general?About the only levels that are difficult on this title on any difficulty setting are those appa dog runninglevels especially number 5 HATE ITand gaining some of the achievements, the way to get some of them are ridiculous just ridiculousits possible to get them all but be prepared to pull your hair out.. this turned an otherwise really fun gameinto a chore and a nightmare by the end of it all I started despising this title! honestly play it its fun but forget about extremem and all those achievements its  really  a waste of time as I've done it and to be honestI DO NOT RECOMEND YOU DO IT AS IT IS SO UNDERWHELMING WHEN YOU DO GET IT ALLI'm glad its over!It would seem that If you're interested in getting all achievements in the game you would literally have to playthought the game three itmes...(I could be wrong but I had to start a new game just to get the tutorials because some how the devs thought it was a great idea to make it so that once you missed a tutorial you can't get back to it in your current game so that you could complete your achievement.. which irks me in more ways than one)once on the easiest level to get all the tutoial challengeson the mideum setting so that you could unlock extreme difficultyand on extreme if you wanted to get that achieve ment"
,Recommended,281690,26356636,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sting,"Really good fun game, easy to figure it out, has some cool story moments, and occasionally immersive. But I'm biased as I'm a Korra fan.Of course, it feels rushed but that's due to the short dev. period. That camera movement should've used some work; it's really annoying at times. Firebending is lackluster and earthbending and waterbending are rather cumbersome -- at least until they reach advanced levels. Airbending is the odd one out, being too strong and fun to use. You also fight the same mini boss at every level (Triple Threats). In addition, the game is also hard. Casual mode is like normal mode, and normal is hard, and extreme is ultra difficult and etc. The final boss is hair-splitting, but worth the whole effort.Just play and have fun, a must-have for Korra fans, but don't expect too much -- it's a simple hit and smash game, not a sandbox RPG."
76561198122112373,Recommended,281690,25931717,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DG| Preacher of Valor,"I was unsure of this game, given that it was a game based off a tv show. I have to say it is a very fun game. And you can play it sober. i highly recc to play it on a hard diffculty because after awhile you will feel too OP, need that ninja gaiden feel in your life and at the later points in the game you will feel it. it is not conan to the show but at the same time it throws you after korra gets her mega zoid god mode.i recc u get the air bender scooter it is so useful."
76561198241269124,Recommended,281690,26072749,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,shi_skies,"I am currently playing through this now. THIS IS WHAT AVATAR GAMES SHOULD HAVE BEEN. I like being able to switch elements (though you earn them after being taken away it is done well). Combos are great and easy to learn, you feel so powerful!There are minor glitches here and there, and I wish there were more costumes. There is a repeat of enemies, but I don't care thats life. I love taking down people with the elements. When your health is low it gets hard to see, camera can be wonky but thats not a big deal either. I bought for half off, but so far I'm thinking full price wasn't a crime."
,Recommended,281690,26124327,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,nEk0,"Use your mouse to make combo, watch the movements carefully and count your combo. Now you're a great Avatar.Apart from ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera lock and Naga level, everything works just fine."
,Recommended,281690,12737447,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Koyvan,YOU MUZZLED APPA?!?!?!?!
,Recommended,281690,13220487,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Smalley,"As someone who adores both The Last Airbender and The Legend of Korra, I did not hesitate to buy this game when I saw it on steam. Only after I bought it did I remember reading a bad review of all of the Avatar games released. So after a bit of quick googling while this downloaded (and a quick burger or two later) I was feeling disheartened after reading a load of reviews that all told me to avoid this game.But, I was curious little cat, so I pressed play, hoping it would not kill me.I can honestly say, I have no regrets.While yes, the story line is not as deep, nor is the animation in the cut scenes as crisp, as the series is, that is understandable given the fact that Nickelodeon have slashed the budget of the studio that produces the shows budget drastically.However, this game is in no way bad. The story may come across as a filler episode in the grand overview of the Avatar series, but anything grander would most likely not aline with the cannon of the series. In essence this is a redemption story, after losing all of your bending in the first level, you gradually unlock your four elements, and develop your bending prowess as you use each style more and more, very much similar to both Aang's and Korra's journey to master their elements in the series.The game play is excellent, using simple light/heavy attack controls, devastating combo's (assuming you've unlocked them) can be easily executed, in rapid succession. A little bonus to those who struggle to remember those powerful combos that are fight winners, you can drop in and out at anytime of 'Korra's Room' with the stroke of one key, allowing you to double check combo orders, while also allowing you to equip consumables or 'Talismans' which give you different stat bonuses.Enhancing this combat system is the fact you can dodge, or block/counter, at any point in the combat, even mid way through an attack (very reminiscent of the Batman Arkham games). Which I must say saved my backside a number of times while I got a bit over-zealous with my combos.Overall I'm enthralled by this game, of course it has it's flaws, but no game is perfect. The enemies you face are generic (mainly the Triads who must be the first experiments of cloning in the Avatar universe), you barely notice it once you're in the middle of your fight, up to your neck in it, looking for that opening to land that final devastating blow to end it.I have to give this game a 8/10, and will be spending my time after The Legend of Korra's series finale, satiating my need for immersing myself in the Avatar universe."
76561198094832918,Recommended,281690,13221924,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Gänsekommando,"As a fan of the show I was really hyped for this game and so I went ahead and purchased it after I had bought the Nintndo 3DS version and hated it. The PC version is really promising and is a literal blast to play. Even though Korra is a waterbender by nature I find myself using her fire and air attacks the most. The game is very smoothe and I find the combat to be fast and well tuned as it should be in a fighting game. For me personally it took some time to get used to the way this game plays sicne I am not used to the fighting game genre, the last game like this that I happened to play was Avatar: The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth and that game in itself was very enjoyable. I like the way the game guides you and gives you tips on how to succeed and the new villain is a very ncie touch, I hope they shed more light on him in the main series though. As for the game itself you see yourself going up against spirits, chi blockers, mecha tanks, tripple threat triads and the main antagonist in a final boss battle. Switching between the bending disciplines is rather simple but it might take some time to cycle through all of the options to get to your choice discipline. For the most part I find it really easy to wade through bad guys but it does take time unfortunately to get all of your bending since it is blocked in the beginning of the game. Now for my favorite parts of the game, the cutscenes are drwan in the same styule as the show and they are very entertaining to watch, the next best part is the pro bending mode. In pro bendoing mode you can enter the arena and initiate pro bending challenges to improve your skill and get some rewards. As for the overally quality of the game I find it rock solid. There are no compatibility issues and as long as you have a $400 or more system you can play this game at its best quality settings. If you are a fan of the show and are open to the idea of a third person fighting game, then I do recommend getting this for either yourself, the Korra fan at home or both."
,Recommended,281690,13221971,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,FlashKenshin77,"Legend of Korra was surprisingly good game... I mean, I really didn't have any expectations. Especially since I played the originals, *cough* Burning Earth *cough*. Anyways, if you're a fan of the show, you will like it. Story's nothing remembable, kinda is predictable.Like the game says, play with a controller! It will make your life so much easier. The graphics and music were fantastic, the voice acting, or at least Korra and Jinora's voice actresses, were just as good as the show.It gets redundant after awhile, especially the Naga levels. They are annoying, save for the last one. The final boss, you really need to know what you're doing, especially on the higher difficulty.Overall, I'd give it an 8/10. Would definitely recommend it and I still play it, after beating it 3 times now."
,Recommended,281690,13222014,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,whulfenstein,"honestly for a low budget game, this game is awesome. i am a fan of the korra series and found the story to be on par with season two. and the platinum gameplay is amazing i for one love this game 10/10"
76561198118310192,Recommended,281690,13064501,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,TK,"Being a fan of the show since the first episode of Avatar The last Airbender I was both nervous and excited for this game. As us fans have been dissappointed in the past with outside parties getting involved with the Avatar universe (Screw you M. Night Shyamalan!) I can safetly say they did this one right. It truely feels as if your controlling Korra though one of her adventures, the combat is is fun and keeps you on your toes (if a little button mashy...) and the difficulty is good to allow you to learn from your mistakes.  The little side games are also fun and put a smile on my face to be riding Naga. The story is a tad lack luster as not much of Team Avatar is seen but for under $20.00 you can't go wrong as a fan of the show. What you waiting for? GET YOUR AVATAR ON!"
76561198038208704,Recommended,281690,13113451,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,SealTeamRick,"Any fan of the show needs to buy this right now!!! The main story is pretty good and just knocking the hell out of people with all the elements is pretty sweet. Also there's the Pro Bending which was done really well and was a great additon to the game, it will drive you insane trying to beat it on Ace though. All in all definately worth it for fans of the series maybe not if your not familiar with it, if so you should go watch it then buy this game."
,Recommended,281690,13114192,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Idolatry,"Let me start this off by saying i am completely biased towards this game, I am a huge fan of the show and have been waiting for this forever. I love this game. the combat has a little to be desired but wasn't bad. the story felt a little short, but i loved every minute of it. as for pro-bending it was awesome, the rules we're just like that of the game in the show and brought back the feeling of your first time seeing it in the show. My only complaints really is how short it was."
,Recommended,281690,13096410,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Xilliva,"I don't play games like these, but this was very fun. If you're a fan of the show like me, you'll enjoy this game!Only negative is that the pro-bending isn't online. That would have made this game so much more better."
,Recommended,281690,14094288,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gizmoo247,"Don't normally play this gerne of game but it is quite satisfying besides when you have to use Naga to run around. It is great to switch between elements and when you hit you feel like you are doing something besides maybe on the bigger bosses where you need to counter them. If you haven't watched the show itself you most likely won't get as much enjoyment out of the game, also I don't know where this game picks up since I've only seen the 1st 2 seasons but it definitely has things in it that are part of or past the end of season 2."
,Recommended,281690,13318245,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Keroberos,"Warning: This is not a hand holding game. This is DMC3 hard.Don't be fooled by the 'Nikelodeon' splash screen, this game is difficult. And i mean, crazy difficult and that's just on medium. Dodging is your best friend here, and things get easier the more elements you unlock. From what i've seen so far (Chapter 1- Chapter 4) it is a beautiful game, if not a bit barren. The fight scenes are the most hardcore you'll come across and remind me of GodHand.. *shudders*Pros?-Korra, I mean come on.-Beautiful Cel Shading-Ease of play (but not of difficulty)-Range of eneimes, thus far-Beautiful full on show cinematics-Iroh is a shopkeeperCons?-♥♥♥♥ING NAGA RUNS, NO STOP.-Only 4 elements (no metal, lighting etc) DLC fix?-World seems pretty barren, but suppose thats so you can focus on fighting..-The damage done to my desk/controller when fighting Mechs-DID I METION THOSE NAGA RUNS? JEEZ.Overall: Beautiful game, well worth the money and prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you like a platinum game would.Rating? 8/10Needs more cabbages."
76561198100021538,Recommended,281690,13310752,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,bobomajojo,"Awesome game, the story line was good, game play, everything. The biggest problem I have with this game is of how short the storyline was. I wish it was longer and maybe go with all the books."
,Recommended,281690,13313518,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Eztyfoe,"It's a good game, short but very nice.But it so sad that we can only play with Korra, i wish there is ""The Legend of Korra 2"", and we can play as Mako or the other.VERY RECOMMENDED! 10/10!"
,Recommended,281690,13304724,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Daddy's belt,"Short game, but really fun. 8/10"
,Recommended,281690,13000054,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"Don't believe all the negative reviews on the Internet. Legend of Korra is a mechanically solid game that is fun and entertaining if you put in the effort to LEARN it.This is a short game that can be completed in about 3-6 hours, depending on difficulty level and how many restarts you take. As expected from the creators of Bayonetta, combat is satisfying and rewarding if you take your time to learn the systems and combos (hint: countering is a skill that you must master quickly). You can also equip accessories to modify and enhance Korra's stats. With the right item combination, the game can become super easy, but it takes some time to earn all of the required cash to unlock everything.Fans of the show might be disappointed that this game does not offer much in terms of exploration or character interaction. There are some brief dialogue sequences with Mako and Bolin, but apart from that this is a pure game about Korra and a pure game about fighting. The story itself, is also quite throwaway and doesn't really add much to the series. You won't miss anything about the lore by not playing this game.There is some replayability in the form of Extreme difficulty, which is unlocked when you complete Normal for the first time, extending the overall playtime to around 15+ hours.Bottom line: If you are a fan of the show and enjoy playing action fighters, then buy Legend of Korra."
,Recommended,281690,13036181,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,EvanTheGingerGeek,"This game is really fun. I'd recomend it to anyone who enjoys Platinum Games. It has a lot of replay value in it. I'm also a big fan of Korra/Atatar so i'm kinda bias here. However, I will admit the story is  kinda weak. But it's not horible. I feel like this game acomplished what it set out to be. A Avatar/Korra game the fans deserve.8.5/10"
76561198056173628,Recommended,281690,13037392,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,CrazyFaceOtaku,"The game play is solid, as to be expected from a Platinum games title.  The story is, meh, but acceptable and believable in the Avatar world.  If you are a fan of the series or if you are a fan of hardcore beat-em-up action games, you will like this.  Pro bending matches and the Naga running sequences are a nice way to break up the action without breaking the tension.Overall I give it a 8/10.  Well worth the low cost of admission.  I hope they make more of these, maybe even a more complete, AAA title."
,Recommended,281690,13009218,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Strawberry,"This game is fantastic. The camera is it bit finicky, but other than that it controls great. You can switch up your bending styles to perform a huge variety of combos. Each style has it's own finishing move and different attacks are unlocked as you level up that particular style. The environments are a bit dull, but it's clear the budget went into making solid gameplay and character animations, so nothing to complain about there. It's pretty much everything one would expect from a Platinum action game."
,Recommended,281690,13011346,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Wago,There's nothing like the feeling of unlocking new elements and moves. What about the avatar state? Soooo rewarding!
76561198022679039,Recommended,281690,14351761,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Glim Glam,"Fastpaced combat (especially with select items) and beautiful. The game doesn't overstay its welcome at all, it's just as long as it needs to be. Only thing I really don't like are the Naga stages. Strongly recommend if you're a fan of the show or just looking for a fun actiongame."
,Recommended,281690,14750437,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Katakurushii,The fighting is topnotch and follows the shows style/powers wonderfully. Its somewhat short and reuses enemy models often but for the price its really worth it! It's fun.
,Recommended,281690,14813451,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Moose King,It's worth about 15 bucks
,Recommended,281690,14697109,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,◤нσиg נιѕσσ◢,It indeed is a short game but the game play will satisfy you.
,Recommended,281690,30501006,Posted: 13 March,all,Fravit,"This is a hard game for me to recommend. As a long time Avatar fan, this game delivered in many ways but fell short in so many others.I can best describe this as an arcade beat-em up style game, with some endless runne mini-games thrown in every now and then. When taken at face value, the game mostly works. Personally, I was off put early on when I came to the realization that, yes, this was what the whole game was going to be. For what it is, it's polished, looks nice and plays well, but it's not much more than that.Given the rich universe we've been presented with in ATLA and LOK, I imagine what this game could have been - this fight system applied to an open world game, or even a game that switch up game play styles a bit more than it did, like throwing in some puzzles involving bending, or more interested and extended platforming segments - and it leaves me feeling a bit empty.Some other greviances I have include boss battles that extend the gameplay by adding health bars (bullet sponges) rather than having clever mechanics, and a shop/inventory system that never really felt useful or intuitive.After playing for a while, setting the game down for many months, and then picking it back up, I was able to finally come to terms with what this game is and I actually started enjoying myself. It helps that the game becomes much more fun when Korra regains the use of all of her bending abilities.OH, right, that reminds me, the story. It's there. It exists. Not much more to say about it. Again, not *bad*, but just not what it could have been.So it is with a heavy asterisk that I recommend this game. Know what you're getting yourself into. Or buy it when on a good sale."
76561198066127831,Recommended,281690,13975349,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Literally Human Garbage,"This game has received some pretty harsh reviews from critics, but as a fan of the genre (Bayonetta 1&2, DMC) and a HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of TLA and LOK, I'm having tons of fun with this game.  Getting the different styles of bending and learning combos is so exciting and it really satisfies my desire to play around as a bender.  There are some difficult moments, but if you don't enjoy challenge as a gamer, then you shouldn't be playing these kinds of games.  The difficulty I've face isn't simply due to poor mechanics, but based in your skill to dodge/block->counter and punish your opponents.  Combat can get repetitive, but that's only if you let it.  I've been using all my combos, and while it's not necessary to win, it hasn't hindered me and it's way more fun than pressing (X) over and over again.Totally recommend for fans of the series."
,Not Recommended,281690,14041478,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,maboesanman,"if you're a korra fan, then this game holds some value in the visuals and the combat. the game is very pretty, and the combat styles and attention to detail between the two is quite deep. unfortunately, the story is boring ans short. the characters (or should I say character?) is fairly uninteresting, and I don't really know anything about him despite finishing the game. this game feels like a cash grab, and it's a shame, because the combat is there, but the story is boring and there are no characters appart from korra and the villain.unless you really like korra, don't pick this one up."
,Recommended,281690,14096125,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,BadRooster,"I have to say im an average gamer who ejoys the series. I bought the game for that reason and I have to say its a VERY hard game in spots unless of cource you know what your doing. Sadly they dont teach you that well so you have to learn on your own mostly. I do wish they added more of the main characters from the show and where able to fight with them. The only time you get to fight with people is at the pro-bending arena. Which was the best part of the game for me. Sadly the story line was only okay. Im now done being mean and saying the game was still alot of fun. The combat was great, loved the pro-bending game, and you just gotta love Korra kicking some♥♥♥♥♥ O and one tip get the relic or talisman (what ever it's called) for health regen makes the game lot easier."
76561198009381839,Recommended,281690,14105908,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,DarthDre,"To start with, I bought this game because I am a huge fan of the series.I had read mixed reviews of the game, with official reviews tending towards a slightly more negative view, and steam reviews more positive. After stewing on the purchase for about a month, I decided that even if the game wasn't that great, it would allow me to experience The Legend of Korra a bit more following the end of the series.To start with, its awesome that they have used all the same actors for the voice acting. I think this should be a given for games of this type, however, often sadly it is not. The games style is similar to Bayonetta and though combos are not quite as plentiful or fantastic (in regards to eye candy), they are still rewarding. The ability to swap through the different elements makes for many different play styles which is welcome to me.Controls are at times a bit on the poor side, especially noticeable for me when targeting. Also, the timing of counter attacks I find a bit odd and unpredictable after playing Bayonetta. Camera is usually ok...but at times is completely bonkers, though remedied quicklyGraphics are wonderful and very in keeping to the animated series. Music is also commendable.In terms of story, I have yet to finish the game but I am enjoying the general progression. Pro-bending, though I have had limited exposure to it, seems fun and quite challenging. I am looking forward to experiencing it more.When I bought this game, I expected it to be easier than Bayonetta; relaxing and allowing me to delve back into the world of Korra. Wow was I wrong. Playing the game on normal settings, I have more than once shook my head in disbelief at the difficulty, especially during some boss battles. In saying this, I am happy that it has given me a challenge to keep me playing and improve my bending skills ;)Overall, am I happy with my purchase? Yes 100%. Would buy again from the publishers. If you are a fan of The Legend of Korra, I would recommend this game. If you are a fan of beat-em-ups like Bayonetta, again, I would recommend, though possibly less if you have no connection to the TV series."
76561198055610811,Recommended,281690,13461024,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,GreatLeaf,Amazing but needs to be longer
,Recommended,281690,13462941,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TacoTerrier,Looks like a kids game. Is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. The Triple Triad....WTF man.
,Recommended,281690,13464094,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Andrew,"Legend of Korra is definitely worth picking up, but be warned, it can be frustratingly difficult at times even on the normal difficulty. :P"
,Recommended,281690,13461919,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cake,"While this lacks the bugget other platinum have, its still a platinum game. This means you know that the core gameplay will be soild and it is. Plus it does a good job putting in little bits from the cartoon.Pros:-Soild Charater action gameplay-Does a good job repsenting the Avatar universe-The differant types of bending all have thier uses and are well balanced-Combat feels nice-Good replayablity with hard difficulties and pro bendingCons:-It did not have the biggest budget so there are only 10 or so enemy types-Little to short-Animations are not the best but they are average-I wish they used the avatar state a bit more but when its used its done rightOverall its 8.5/10. Great game that will not disappoint Korra fans. Worth 15 dollars anyday.TL;DR: IGN and Gamespot are dumb and don't understand this type of game."
,Recommended,281690,13465383,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sol,"I love this game, it's what I always wanted in a Korra game. Be the Avatar, bend elements and beat up bad guys. It was fairly tricky too. Sure it's short and sweet and left me craving for some more variety, but for a cheap game you can't go wrong. Plus, you get to Pro-Bend. I want that to be expanded into a game onto itself."
76561198129315553,Not Recommended,281690,13466096,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Owlie Kiss,"It's an alright game. Nothing great though. You go through a lot of ""Yeah I get it."" moments. I absoutly hate the targeting system."
,Recommended,281690,13518908,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,fishdoesmc,"hey, i loved your game but can you add more chapters to story mode... each section takes around 20-30 mins to finish. but i liked to play more"
,Recommended,281690,13524797,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,wite_c83,"Fun little beat-em-up. It's fun finding out what it's like to be Korra for a while. Unfortunately it's not that long and has some issues with controls. Prime in this, do NOT try playing this game without a controler. Just don't. I also had several times when the game switched movement controls between my d-pad and the left stick. Since that's also where the consumable items are controlled, I lost more than a few items because I was trying to move and instead burned through a healing item. And since it doesn't have rebindable keys it's hard to tell if that's something that's happening because I'm doing something wrong or because of a programing error. It's repetative but since it's so short you don't really notice."
,Recommended,281690,16944556,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dr. Pil,"Surprisingly true to the TV show, you really feel like you're playing through an episode. While the cutscenes and the game could be longer it is definately good fun and worth a buy."
,Recommended,281690,16944855,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sylpheed,"This is a cheap game tied to a badly funded franchise (late in the series, at least) so you'd be forgiven to think it'd be a bad game.Well, you would be sort of right and wrong.I am, by no means, a hardcore gamer or an action expert whatsoever, but even I finished the main story in under 3 hours. Yes, it is that short, but it is also very challenging.The controls are good, even if the camera behaves badly while using a keyboard and mouse, the gameplay is pretty fluid and the game is visually pretty for such a low-on-resources engine. The fights are balanced and force you to use all the bending styles, though fire is pretty overpowered in general.All in, for the 3,75€ I paid for the game, it was worth it."
76561198143533470,Recommended,281690,16945706,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TrixieTrix09,Best damn game ever !!!!!!!!!!!P.S. Korrasami is Canon
76561197972358722,Recommended,281690,16934348,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,r4e,"I like that game, just as I like both TV shows, but... why it is so short and a bit shallow.Pros:- very nice graphics, fun animations- you can be bender!- pretty decent fight system, nice combos- game in a gameCons:- short!!- linear to the limits- too shallow story :(As a fan I like that but in same time im a bit dissapointed."
76561198161347142,Recommended,281690,16946877,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,vaggelis139915,"Well i totaly recommend this game,however as a a huge fan of legend of korra i think that we all would like new levels to be added on this game ....the gameplay is so great better than i expected,but the plot of this game is a little bit disapointing...i dont know if  its possible to use the real story of the tv show...but if you succeed in that more and more will be sutisfied by your excelent work...so far the game is awesome but we need more levels and a better story if possible.We will be waiting for new updates,Thanks for your exceltent work."
,Recommended,281690,16947908,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dizzey,"asik, seru, padat, singkat, worth buat beli kalo diskonLove Pro-Bending!!"
,Recommended,281690,16947954,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Shal,"Bought this expecting to not like it, beat the story mode, really liked it.11/10 -IGN"
,Recommended,281690,16948108,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,mikolajholowko,"Simpler then I've expected, but for £2.99 it's a good evening."
,Not Recommended,281690,16948180,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ThatPazuzu,This game isn't bad but it isn't good enough to recommend. The ability to switch between truly different bending techniques instantly is great but most of the time you're just fighting the same enemy types on rotation. Combat just isn't fun because you do it so much and everyfight is the same.
,Recommended,281690,16948363,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Duke of York,I was surprised at how well this game was made. It has a good fighting system that is challenging and fun. The story brings me back to watching the earlier episodes of the show.
76561198086251001,Not Recommended,281690,16948492,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Oharris,cant play wıth mousepad very bad
,Recommended,281690,16949245,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BlakeBestWaifu,"i enjoyed this game, i really did, however i do believe that it is too short. it was a fun experience to have. the gameplay was fun and moving, the battle system with the four elements was spectacular but the overall story seemed too short. if it was longer, i believe it would have been better. I really felt incased in the combat. they nailed it. i would recommend this to anyone who wants a short game to play."
,Recommended,281690,16949400,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DoneFearツ,nice but  short game .i enjoyed it alot hope my stream did aswell ;)
,Recommended,281690,16949490,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,atris13,This is a very well done game. Adults and children alike will enjoy. Add it to your collection.
,Recommended,281690,16951538,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Marceline the Vampire Queen,I get to be the Avatar and  punch Satomobiles with my Avatar fists whilst playing like a poor man's Beyonetta? Yes please.
,Recommended,281690,16952022,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Achluophilia,"i loved the series and i loved the game but it could've been little better than most of the fans (us) thought it would be, we could go for the multiplayer game mode as well like pro-bending online, other than that you have the gameplay style but it's fine since the graphics are wii-style or whatever you wanna call it, but overall i could give it 8.5/10"
,Recommended,281690,16952049,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Captain Brazier,"The combat is great, and I like that you have to unlock the elements as you go along so as not to be overpowered from the start. The story is a little lacking, but the visuals and gameplay make up for it. Not a big fan of the Naga sections. Massive fan of the Pro-Bending tournement."
76561197995292504,Recommended,281690,16952071,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Cid,"I loved this game. It actually felt like playing an Avatar game. You're nimble and the fighting/bending styles are well done. It's also surprisingly challenging the first time through. The only negatives are that it's short, and there are a limited amount of enemy variations; however I think you'll agree the price is right."
,Recommended,281690,16952257,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Koro,"Fun action-based combat as expected from Platinum games, but still not on par with the standards one would expect from this company.It's low budget and it shows, there is little to no variety among enemies and it's graphically a 3DS game.Faithful to the Avatar francise. All characters behaves like themselves and the story feels just like an episode.Shame it lasts just as long, but still pleasant to re-play.Any Korra fan should get it as soon as on discount."
,Recommended,281690,16396010,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Solfern,8/10+fun+gameplay-short
76561198047309375,Recommended,281690,16400818,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Madro,This is one of the best games i've ever played! the story is very good for a short game and the graphics are stunning! The developers did a very good job with this one :) i recommened it strongly
,Recommended,281690,15890605,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Toxic Player,We need more Korrasami.
,Recommended,281690,16757403,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,2Joe,"It's a game based on a show I've never watched but I still had enjoyment from it. The main issue is the length, I finished this game in about 3 hours on the normal setting and it took me 11 hours to fully complete everything besides platinums on all stages. If you like the show or like character action games then buy it when it's on a sale."
,Recommended,281690,16759754,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,BluesSnow,ProGame play FUN! (เกมส์เพลสนุก !)ConI hate fix camera game play ! (แต่เกลียดมุมกล้องที่บังคับอิสระผู้เล่น !)
,Not Recommended,281690,13408251,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lonerwurld,"I've watched the first Avatar series with Aang, and the first season of the Legend of Korra.  I was not a big fan of the latter since I'm not into teen drama as much as others might be.  At any rate, hopefully I will not come across as biased.This game didn't cut it for me.  There is too much of a divide between gameplay and story.  I'll explain what this divide is and why I chose not to recommend this game.The Legend of Korra consists of a series of chapters (stages).  Each stage starts you off with an animated cutscene (some from the TV show and what original animation I've seen is lower-quality), after which you run around as Korra in a 3D-rendered environment beating up enemies, sometimes with smaller cutscenes in-between, and concluding at the end with another brief animated cutscene.The problem?  There is no overlap.  It's almost as if the game developers just contracted the animation studio after the game was already done.  Other than some dialog voice-overs (the in-game 3D-models do not lip-sync btw, nor even attempt to) the gameplay portions are just action.  Furthermore, the animated cutscenes arevery brief.  Korra might say something, then all of a sudden she's ambushed by bad guys in the most unlikely situations.The two goods thing I can say is the gameplay isat leastchallenging and fun to some degree, and I never encountered a single bug.In conclusion, I cannot recommend this to anyone.  The quality is just not there."
,Recommended,281690,19297222,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Awkward Bunion,"Not bad, Not great. Gets a lot better once you unlock all the elements. Starts slow."
76561198095220290,Recommended,281690,19296397,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Feng,"I bought this game because i loved series but game didn't fill my expectations, i thought you will play series story and u had bright new one new one here but it doesn't mean it is bad game, i would be lying to my self. I liked the combat system, elements like water, fire and other 2 and story was normal as u can expect from this non A title game.Game was quite short but arena or second run throw the game can give it some extra playtime.Also last boss and other bosses were quite hard to be beaten but it can be with my low skill in combat games and combos.So my final score is  68%. Korra is average game and if u are not fan of the series i wouldn't really recommend u to play it i can be boring and if you watch series with avatar Aang and Korra it adds to it something more."
76561198260002116,Recommended,281690,19371528,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dragonfly,"This game is worth playing if you were a fan of the series (perhaps even if you weren't). Personally, I'd only purchase this game on seasonal sales. I played through perhaps half of all this game has to offer in 8 hours. That part is rather dissapointing.. The game really is fantastic.."
,Recommended,281690,19371737,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,0_Well,"Very fun. True to the ethos of the show.Really only works with a controller (c'mon, man!). Family enjoyed it."
,Recommended,281690,19459696,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Yannie,"If you're after a good story, don't bother with this game. But if you're looking for a satisfying, fun beat em up then I can't recommned this game enough. The artstyle is gorgeous and the mechanics are fluid and enjoyable."
,Recommended,281690,19448136,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Infinite Crisis,"This is a good game is for Korra fans, well worth picking up in a sale.Good pointsVisuals and animationsCombosSwitching between elemntsBad PointsRepetetive enemiesRather Short ~ hours"
,Not Recommended,281690,18724040,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Littlejitter,"To be frank, this game is actually quite good. But...battling ""overpowered"" enemies with ridiculously massive hp over and over got me frustrated every single f-ing time. Same set of enemies almost every single battle. Oh God! And the camera sucks too.Boring."
,Recommended,281690,20224895,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Oracle Steiner,"This game has its own story that probably takes place after the show? It's pretty fun going through it all, unlocking the gear and eventually becoming a pro-bending master.Once all your bending's mastered and you've become a legend in dodgeball the game loses a lot of value but it's still a fun trip."
,Recommended,281690,20278644,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,noahstadt,Fantastic game. I enjoy it.
,Recommended,281690,20291282,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,2-D,"If you wanna wield 4 elements its game for you! Amazing combos will give you satisfaction.  And if you are Avatar fan its also game for you, this game tells what was Korra doing bettwen book 2 and 3. If you dont wanna do any on that things just dont buy this game :D"
,Recommended,281690,20264160,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CamoJackson,i wish that they would add other characters to the stor
76561198003783577,Recommended,281690,20273802,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,gokcenyucel,"Well it is 1:00 at night and I just completed this game in Extreme Difficulty. I can say that this game is one of the hardest and challenging yet one of the most fun fighting games I have ever played. I did it with a PC btw. It was totally worth my time and effort.Why do you have to buy and play this game? Here are the reasons:1- If you are a fighting game enthusiast this one will give you the ultimate joy. All aspects of element bending(watch avatar series first) is very very satisfying. You will need quite time to master these elements and fighting skills as needed to finish this game.2- There are lots of fighting techniques, skills to buy from ingame shop with spirit points which you collect while playing and very challenging opponents. Warning: This game is not for soft players. At least the extreme mode.3- Quite amount of playing time with cursing, sweating, trying & trying but in the end the feeling is astounding. Which I suggest to the readers at least try to finish this game in Extreme difficulty to understand what i mean.4- I read lots of reviews and saw lower scores before I bought this game and most of them are true but game has a strong likeability that captures you along the way.Thanks for reading, i hope it helps and i hope this game entertains you as much as it did for me. cheers."
,Recommended,281690,20144032,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ガブ - Gabu,"WHY SO MUCH STUN?!Seriously, though, it's a pretty neat game. More or less 5 hours for the 'normal' story mode, quite a few good combos and the plot isn't bad (not the greatest either). Gets a little repetitive towards the end, but overall a fun game."
76561198094038143,Not Recommended,281690,20159111,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,l3uT,its not that fun its just not my type of game really otherwise its ok.
76561198108069655,Recommended,281690,20172052,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sam,"This game is a lot tougher than you might assume, but the challenge makes this game really fun to play."
,Not Recommended,281690,20172328,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tim Burns,If you like temple run and button mashing this game is for you. Otherwise It's crap.
76561197993177701,Recommended,281690,20205538,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,"Anjure, M.D.",This Game brings me back to the good old days of ps2 gaming while giving the new gamplay and art feel of Naruto. i havent beeten it yet but so far its very fun. albeit a little repetitive in between unlocking bending abilities it still holds up in cut scenes and solid mechanics. enjoy :)
,Recommended,281690,20171345,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Harambe,yea bro Korra is WELL FIT MATE
,Not Recommended,281690,20187421,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SickB,"Just stay away from this gameThis is the ""How often can i recycle the same ♥♥♥♥ing anoying robot bossfight"" simulator.Then it shoehorns a poor mans endless runner onto you.It all gets to the climax when 3 of the same ♥♥♥♥ing robots fight you while on the endless runner.Worst game ever"
,Recommended,281690,23333181,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,❄Cyanide❄,Good game
76561198047502811,Recommended,281690,24102846,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,killamrix88,"This game is decent. There is a lack of depth both in the story and combat, and there are parts of the game that are downright frustrating... and one part that is outright infuriating.Toward the end of the game when you've maxed out both items and bending types, you can circumvent a lot of the frustration because you are actually significantly more powerful and it shows as you easily mow through enemies that earlier made your life hell.In short, would I recommend this game? Only to fans of the series. There's enough fun to be had, but an appreciation for the source material is what will make it worth the price. Otherwise, there's just not enough to it. Luckily for fans, it's a decent price.Going into more length... Fortunately, the game does a decent job of giving each type of bending a role. Water for sniping ranged enemies, air for dealing with crowds, fire for closing in on single, tougher targets (only when you've leveled it up, early on I found it useless), and earth is the opposite in that it's great when you first get it as it does absurd damage and can handle almost every situation, but later becomes overshadowed by air's ability to handle large crowds with little risk to yourself.While the balance is far from perfect, you should at least find yourself using each type of bending throughout the game, even after all of them are unlocked.The biggest downside are the Naga riding portions of the game. They're unskippable when replaying levels and are tedious and not very fun.There are also enemies with unblockable (electrified) attacks that you'rte supposed to dodge, but sometimes you find yourself in situations where dodging is difficult bordering on impossible. I suppose it was necessary for adding difficulty, but it's aggravating... so be warned.There is also the fact that the counter attack system is... confusing. It's suggested that all non electrified attacks can be blocked or countered, and while perhaps they are indeed blockable, it's unclear what can actually be countered, so I found myself taking damage trying to coutner attacks with no way of knowing what exactly I was doing wrong.Visually the game is quite pleasing. It looks and sounds like the show it's based off of, and the animations are good. Landing counters and finishing moves is satisfying.Also, you can activate the avatar state at will once you've unlocked it. It doesn't last long, but it turns you into a juggernaut for about five seconds, and it charges up quickly enough for multiple uses per level.Final word, the game is slightly above average and while it's somewhat lacking, it's a fun enough romp for a fan of the series. It took me about 8 hours to beat, but I could see it being shorter for others. Another 5-6 hours could be added if you wanted to 100% it."
76561198072826923,Recommended,281690,24342298,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"Wait for the sale, which are frequent."
76561198102212355,Recommended,281690,24316283,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,StayCalmAndBeTheChosenOne,"This game is for those who want challenging game. So far I did spend a lot of time Re fighting the boss. However, the story line is quite short n normal. The boss ending very nice. If you would like to have some challenge in game, take this game. You might take it while it is discount. So far i did."
,Recommended,281690,24329797,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheLegend27,It's pretty fun but very short. I mean it's Platinum Games. You may not enjoy this game if you're not familiar with the Legend of Korra TV series.
,Recommended,281690,24440660,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Palas,"Auto save points are set in weird places (You have to watch cutscenes again if there's any if you fail), story is very simple, cutscene animations aren't great sadly.Gameplay is awesome, just what you'd expect from Platinum Games, graphics are nice and the difficulty is high but enjoyable, at least for me.The sad part is that this could be way better, it feels like Platinum Games was not given enough time nor budget to make this what it could be a superb korra game, it is to be expected from a game that is aimed for younger audiences, but I'm glad it retains quality in the gameplay aspect."
,Recommended,281690,24377649,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,José Kun,"Really nice game, and if you an Avatar series fan, you totally need to play it, they really improved the battle concept from previous games, and unlike before, this one have your own story (that happens between the chapters 3 and 4 of Korra saga). The only thing that I wish is maybe the game being longer and with more diferent stages and enemies styles, but still, worth to play with the cool mechanic of controlling the elements, and some fun Naga mini games."
,Recommended,281690,24370808,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Kelvyn,"This game, though short and not perfect, was still a fun experience and was definitely worth a try. The pro-bending arena was really fun challenge, too. I recommend buying the game when it's on sale."
,Recommended,281690,22159848,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Breno,"A very polished and addictive game that immerses you into the Avatar world. If you love this franchise, then you’ll probably be losing some hours here.The game has a very simple, yet nicely done, atmosphere and mechanics; The controls and combos are nice and the storyline is good enough even if short. The camera is not that good, but it’s not that bad either.Ultimately, it’s a must-have for the fans of the series. Now go to that ""Add to cart"" button and do the thing!"
76561198081431512,Recommended,281690,13236656,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,dangosango33,"Completely amazing game, if you don't buy it, you are a complete loon :D graphics great, content awesome and overall combat/movement all run smooth GOT TO GET THIS GAME!!! MY time played I beat the story mode completely on at least one of the difficulties!"
,Not Recommended,281690,20136789,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,</T:rta>,I have play several action game and this game is really bad compared to other games.What you need to do is button mashing. I feel there is no style rank in this game.How about the story? MEH!!! Just watch the television series and you will happy with it.My rating: ★★★★★☆☆☆☆☆5 out of 10(Meh)
,Recommended,281690,20138555,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dru_P,"As a Korra fan, this is fine."
76561198119436723,Recommended,281690,20151846,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,ChowChow,GG
,Not Recommended,281690,20169406,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MarioDragon,"Only play if you like the show. The story is cool, the voice acting is great, but that's about it. Otherwise this game is a generic fighter with no fluidity whatsoever, bland repeating enemies, and just an overall constantly frustrating feel to it. I also don't like the cutscenes looking like they're missing 10 frames for every frame that's there, I know it was probably to save on time and effort but it really ruins the otherwise completely smooth look of Korra"
,Not Recommended,281690,20135352,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dang3rfield,"This is a short, repetitive, and button-mashy beat 'em up. If you are a Korra fan and a beat 'em up fan, then go for it, but if you are one or the other (or neither) then give it a pass. This IP deserved something more, particularly when it comes to making each bending element feel unique and finding a way to keep the gameplay interesting. No matter which element you use, you will be spamming the attack button all the same. The enemies were also very repetitive, and I would have loved to see more unique benders to go up against, even if their skill sets were the same. It was disappointing that there was only one character model for each, and no character to speak of."
,Recommended,281690,20130978,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,charlesberg,"Short story with collectibles along the way, I found myself trying to get all the collectibles and trying to score ""Gold"" on every chapter, until I found that I unlocked ""Pro-Bending""...Definitely worth the money.Definitely worth recommending."
76561198067638926,Recommended,281690,20143133,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sapherno11,"I'll be honest. At first, the only reason I considered buying this was because it was on sale for 75% off. Sure the trailer looked ok, but every other Avatar game they've tried to make has sucked. Hard.This was a pleasent suprise. Now, I'm not saying the game is ""perfect"" but compared to the rest, its a huge sucess, and def a step in the right direction.Pro's.Storyline. Personally, I liked the story. It was interesting, and somewhat fun, if a bit compressed.Bending. I can't believe they managed it, but they actually made the 4 styles USABLE in combat. They make sense, they work, and its actually not too bad of a hack and slash. Granted, there are games that do it better, but its not bad at all.Graphics. Graphics look like Korra's art direction. That alone is a huge plus, any game based ON an Anime or cartoon, SHOULD have the same art style AS what its based off. Legend of Korra does that beautifully.Con's.Length. Similar to Force Unleashed 2, the storyline is far too short. I would have really liked to have seen more here, then again, I could see them cutting this short because they were unsure of the reaction to the game. Ultimately though, I wanted more. Maybe the game will have a sequal.Running. So there's a point in the game, 3 poitns in particular, where you have to ride her ""dog"". Frankly, its immersive breaking, and while some may like these segments, personally I did not, as they don't really ""fit"" with the rest of the game's pacing.Length. Can't put that on here enough. I wanted more </3In the end, if you like Korra, get the game, you'll probably enjoy it. If you like casual hack and slashes, this is ""fun"" simply put. Even if you don't like the game, but want to support the first decent Avatar game to ever be released, buy the game."
,Recommended,281690,20136067,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Tingly Nipple Man,joey salads approves
,Recommended,281690,20136522,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ritterkraft,Great action game.
,Recommended,281690,20127845,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jesseebrett,A good game.I found it very enjoyable although maybe not the most fitting game for typical PC gamers.I do think you need a pretty thorough understanding of the original series.Well made and an enjoyable game!
,Recommended,281690,20147455,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Technovorg,Great first person shooter lots of fun deffenetly get P2P on this game guys
76561198061725354,Recommended,281690,20145477,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Keylocker,"Initially I had some compatibility issues associated with this game, which messed with various graphical and control based settings. This made the game unplayable until I altered compatihbility settings to WIndows 8 (I'm on Windows 10). This is strange to have for such a recent game (2014 I believe). Once these issues were resolved the game played smoothly.Anyway I am only a short way through the game so I can only comment on my experience so far. Firstly the graphics emulate the show from which this game is based. It comes out much better then the previous Avatar games which were quite simply sub-par in comparison.The fighting is quite intuitive with simple button presses and time sensitive motions. You can cycle through four bending styles which alter the combo sets of the main heroine Korra. If you have played other Platinum Games titles before (like Bayonetta) then the fighting in this game should be easy to pick up.As a fan of the Avatar series I am happy with this game. Though it is a shame that there were bugs from the onset of my play experience. I would recommend this game to a fan of the series and a casual player. Just be warned that you may need to change some settings before hand."
76561197968768811,Recommended,281690,21965994,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Wendingo,"Underrated title that's a great beat'em up romp.Not much in terms of story and its really like a short 4-6 hour playthrough. But it is a fun, challenging game with a lot of life and polish to it. A great DMC like combat system and some solid visuals."
,Recommended,281690,21806279,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Takeda Iesyu,"A fun game for sure! Playing this made me actually feel like I was actually being Korra (though that just may be the enthusiasm talking). Definitely worth it for what gameplay I enjoyed out of it, though the story isn't really based too much off of the show (just key characters)."
,Recommended,281690,21857567,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dj_moyer,"This is a nice little platformer/fighter adventure.  Not too short, but also not a really long game.  Part of the ""Avatar"" world that began with the cartoon show ""Avatar: Last Airbender.""  This game is fully voiced and includes voice actors who are involved with the ""Legend of Korra"" spinoff TV show.  The graphics are cartoonish, but well done considering the source material.  The soundtrack is pretty good, tends to keep your mind in battle mode when there are enemies around, then quiets down after the fight is over.You are the Avatar, a master of martial arts using all the natural elements (fire, air, water, and earth).  That means that you can use fire to throw a fireball or propel yourself like a rocket; you can use water to drown or freeze enemies; you can use earth to smash things or build a defensive wall; you can use air to glide and move quickly.  But, someone has sealed away your abilities, leaving you with only your native element (water) to start the game!  You must fight through enemies, make new friends, and find a way to restore your abilities and become the Avatar once more, before facing off against the bad guy.In this game, combat is intuitive.  You use the right-stick to attack in any direction.  You can switch between any ""bending"" style you have learned at any time, but only one style can be active.  In addition to the traditional beat-em-up martial arts, you also have to use different abilities to overcome some obstacles and defeat enemies with special properties.As a grown man, I didn't find the story particularly compelling, but you have to remember it is based on a kids' cartoon show from Nickelodeon.  With that in mind, yeah it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,281690,21843699,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Kamen Rider LW,"For a fan of the series, I feel this game is a must-have, adding to the storyline of the Avatar series. My only complaint is how short it is."
,Recommended,281690,21910314,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,love it when i cant alttab,Honestly one of Platinum's worst games. But Platinum is Platinum so this game is still not bad at all for 15 USD.
76561198076863838,Recommended,281690,17027998,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Louis,"10/10Must play game for any legend of korra fan!Since the end of the show, this game has been my lifeline into that universe and I love it!The bending is really cool and it makes you feel really BA, especially the avatar state!Please, if you liked legend of korra or avatar the last airbender, please please please do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Not Recommended,281690,17029224,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Nora,"I love the series. Huge fan.And i wanted to love the game....But it feels forced and rushed. I feels like a tie in game that was made in a short amount of time, on a cut budget, rushed out before the series ended.... oh wait.The game outright tells you that practically requires a 360 controller. (ugh)I played without it just fine, first four chapters, no issues. the controls were.... typical for the game type. button mash, or try to get fancy by alternating which button you mash. Nothign to write home about, and some definite control delays. It's mediocre.The voice acting is a little.... subpar.The story itself is your typical ""we cant SAY this happened between story arcs, but you can't say it DIDN'T"" mysterious baddy shows up with nods to former baddies, somehow knows how to make barriers and get together all your old foes, so they can keep you stuck in small arena areas between running aroudn maps, and you get to beat up all the usual suspects. At least you have all those powers that she was using from childhood- oh? no, no you get them taken away... and they conveniently heal just after you get used to the fightning style before it.Oh....so that's that.Wanna see your favorite characters from the first half of the series in crappy cel-shaded 3D? grab it. otherwise... save the money.I'm disappointed i bothered getting this at a 75% off steam sale.... what does THAT say!?"
76561198041352321,Recommended,281690,17030877,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ChillLikeGlalie,"The combat's really fun and satisfying, but don't come into the game expecting an emotional journey rivaling a plot line on the show. I came because of Korra, and stayed because you can literally punch people with tornadoes."
,Recommended,281690,17031483,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tiger of Blind Justice,"This is a GREAT game. Even though there are almost no characters at all from the series (outside of Korra, obviously. Why did you need to be told that, titnuts?) and there's *almost* literally no narrative, it's still an incredible game. The graphics and visuals are great to look at. The fighting style is probably as addictive as actually using drugs. Unlocking new items, abilities, levels, and achievements aren't difficult at all, and are really a lot of fun to do. It's a great game."
,Recommended,281690,17032736,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CyanWisp,"This review is coming from a huge fan of the show. The story of the game is awful if you actually watched it. Why are the equalists even in this game if it takes place after book 2? Well from a gameplay standpoint I can see, you need more goons for Korra to beat up, but it's pretty odd. The combat is smooth. Dodging and blocking is satisfying. My biggest problem with the combat is that there aren't invincibility frames, meaning if there are multiple enemies, you have a huge chance of dying right away. This game is extremely DIFFICULT. Overall I'd say the game is ok, nothing special though."
76561198047633273,Recommended,281690,17034673,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MadMikeSVK,"I just finished this game on Normal difficulty and I have just few things to say as an Avatar fan.1. If you like the series, BUY IT! It is s simple game with a simple story but full of action -> just like Korra :)2. If you are not Avatar fan -> BUY IT -> full action, sometimes VERY hard game even on Normal difficulty. I was very frustrated a few times but you will get the hung of it and then you will just scream ""YES YES YES!!! I DID IT!!!"" from all the joy.3. As it is a low budget game (or at least it seems it is) there is no open world which would be definitely better but the game is still fun.4. I would prefer to see more of the show in it (Tenzen, Asami, Mako, Bolin, Chief Beifong, etc... ) and I strongly hope that another game will come after this ""test"" :)5. There is a lot to unlock in it and as you receive medals you can still be better and beat yourself for that sweet feeling of satisfaction.6. It is a short-medium long game (about 6-8 hours of playtime for the story)."
76561198112471565,Recommended,281690,17035143,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,vation141,loved this series and i love this game. Great beat down game with amazing combat.
,Recommended,281690,17038174,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BreakThrough,love the graphics and the game play Shoud make more maybe add more characters with a VS mode
,Not Recommended,281690,17004103,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,IllithidBane,"In a word: Tedious.Even with the four elements, combat is just spam light attacks, or throw in a heavy attack. No fluid combos or enjoyable variety. The enemies are endless waves of three colors of the Chi Blocker model, or one each of three elemental benders, or two spirit types, or two mecha tanks. Bosses included, there are 11 enemy types total, so I hope you like repetition. Throw in bland lifeless environments, constantly repeating sound clips, a bland plot, and a very short game... and there's just nothing to recommend here. I am a huge fan of both Avatar shows, but there's too little ""game"" here."
76561198225932056,Recommended,281690,17007719,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nazarick,"This game is clearly the best Avatar game out there. It's really cool. I loved the art style, the animations, and the action. It was awesome. I really felt like a bender while playing this game. There were a lot of combos for each bending style . Also the minigames were quite funny. However, as much as liked this game, I have to criticize the story. It was way too short.Conclusion : If you are a fan of the Avatar series, defenetly check this game out, but I would not advise buying this game at full price. Wait for a Steam Sale."
,Recommended,281690,17010042,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Tal,If you have watched the avatar animated series this game purchase is a no brainer its a fun game and has a good story too :D
76561198051218913,Recommended,281690,17047094,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,EclipseStar,"Very fun combat system, great for TLOK fans!"
,Recommended,281690,17054988,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,madmaxneo1,"This game has plenty of fun and moments of frustration. The art style makes you feel like your in the TV show at times. The combat is very fluid and slighlty reminiscent of Jade Empire (which was an awesome game in it's day, and still is). The frustration part comes from some of the early boss fights as they tend to be very difficult at times with there being almost no real way to beat certain opponents except by getting lucky and being extremely quick with the controls. For the first boss fight, remember to evade often and attack quicly and make use of the finishing moves and close combat opportunities. Also remember that there are three combatants minimum and they will attack you when you not looking and even when you are in the middle of a combo...After it is unlocked and you have the spirit, purchase the talisman that regenerates your health and the rest of the game is that much easier to play. After I got that talisman I finished the game pretty quickly on normal level. This is recommended to everyone who likes fighting style games with a cool twist and is highly recommended to fans of the shows....."
76561198062538894,Recommended,281690,17112008,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,lampdemon,"It's fun and short, earth bending is the best out of all the others once you get the hang of the game.My main problem with the game is that you can't configure the controls, the keyboard+mouse controls are fine once you get used to them."
76561198006189952,Recommended,281690,17013472,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,TenTech,"I haven't had this much fun beating people up since dismembering terrified nazis in the original Bloodrayne (I was much angrier in my youth). The combat is satisfying, though you need multiple playthroughs and trinkets to make the most of bending the elements. If this game was an experiment in Avatar-based gaming, I would call it a success; as it is, I suspect it was merely underfunded and may not lead to a full experience.The game's brevity is its worst failing, followed by the leap in difficulty during the final Naga level on extreme difficulty, and the final ace pro-bending match. The former can be overcome with careful timed use of both air and earth bending during the 'obstacle course' portions of the mech encounter; the latter was down to a series of lucky draws resolved by countering during face-offs. Regardless, having finished the hardest difficulties, I've had enough of pro-bending and polar-bear-dogs.Otherwise, I can find little fault with the gameplay choices that were made under the circumstances. The plot is weak but passable, the art is faithful to the show, the voice actors thanking us for playing (in-character, if Bolin is any indication) at the end is a sweet touch.If I were to design such a game, it would involve playing different characters to learn how to bend each element before combining them with Korra - combos involving more than one element would be a thing - and I'd make Asami as interesting to play as any bender. I'd take Asami in a Satomobile (or on a bike) over Naga any day of the week.Korrasami is canon, homophobes! Get over it!"
,Recommended,281690,22730233,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Cherrynobyl,"Enjoyable game, a bit glitchy at times. Operates like a hack 'n slash games."
,Recommended,281690,22720789,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MagicalFlyingLlama,GR8
76561198148666129,Recommended,281690,22650459,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,JPSmooth,pretty good game buy it on sale not woorth the full price but great if you can pick it up for 5 bucks
,Recommended,281690,22781079,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,"Got the game cheap, finished it in one sitting. Nice design and good combat though. Not seen anything to do with avatar so some of it didn't make much sense but I had a couple of hours of fun. 7/10"
76561198142595902,Recommended,281690,22985895,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,midnaplumm,The art style matched the show so well! The combos were very fun to do and the gameplay itself felt fun and in the spirit of the show. I really enjoyed this game and recommend it to other LoK and AtLA fans
,Recommended,281690,21071833,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,MaxNichols,"Just finished playing through Platinum Games' Legend of Korra game. I had it from some Steam sale a year or so ago. It was *shockingly good*, even knowing that Platinum does great combat design. It might be my favorite Platinum game, even beating Vanquish and Bayonetta.It's short, but the combat is excellent. Really well designed difficulty curve that does a good job of training you up and doesn't hold any punches - I was in a flow state for a big portion of the game, challenged, but not frustrated. There were a couple of points where I started to get frustrated, but it was worth it, because those were points that were training the player to a specific skill level, which was important for feeling competent in subsequent levels. I got to the end, felt unstoppable, then immediately started replaying on the hardest mode with some items that made me super charged up but half health. Risk/reward! Standard encounters were sometimes kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ but whenever I got through them I felt like a goddamn god - or like the Avatar.It's still not anywhere near my dream Avatar game, but it does a better job of approximating the feel of the show's fights than I ever expected, considering it's fairly standard action game mechanics (combos, currency to buy new combos, etc). The shows' fights are interesting because they stretch across the full spectrum of scales - ranging from intense 1v1 duels where small motions and parries carry the fight, to over-the-top DBZ battles, to armies fighting in pitched battles. That level of variety is really hard to capture in a game, especially while keeping consistent controls, feedback and challenge - but Platinum hit most of those notes, to varying degrees. The only thing from the shows' fights that I thought was really lacking was using the environment - all your attacks basically conjured up elements from nowhere, they didn't actually have you using the elements around you. No terrain deformation, sadly, though I understand why they shied away from it!Short video showing the ""extreme"" mode, which lets you play through again with all your maxed out powers and amped up enemy encounters. This is basically what I looked like on my good fights, if you imagine a little more give-and-take.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZHrb26s0ooIt's got some nice music and art style taken directly from the show - some of the show's voice actors, too - but really the only reason to play is the combat."
,Recommended,281690,21121513,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,RocketFriday,"Long time consol gamer, starting PC gaming and GEEZUZ this game is AWESOME! Avatar Fans will be proud of Platinum Games for NOT ruining the epicness of The Legend of Korra series!"
76561198141837779,Recommended,281690,20801330,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,☁Dreamer,地 水 火 風-didnt know what this ment until i played this gameღ
,Recommended,281690,21044647,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Rook,"As opposed to other Avatar games I've played (and enjoyed) in the past, I think this one does the best at truly encompassing the feel of bending, as well as the original martial art that inspired the bending. The combat feels smooth, natural, ans slipping between elements and styles is truly fun, not a burden. The story is short but highly enjoyable, and since it takes place after book 2, it doesn't feel like you're getting any spoilers. Overall, a very enjoyable game at a very reasonable price. Long live the Avatar!"
,Recommended,281690,21000207,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AvatarRishi,"It's an ok game for the level design but it is fun using all the elements to fight enemies. As a matter of fact, some fights can be challenging if the right buttons aren't used.Worth a buy only on sale."
76561198025713731,Recommended,281690,21005199,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ser Bubbles,"Short version: It's alright. Pick it up if you enjoyed the show and it's on sale.Slightly longer version: As a game, it's simplistic, sometimes frustrating, and quite short. There's three ""basic"" enemy types, three ""bender"" types, and then a mini-boss type that you fight over and over again until the last couple of levels. Playing in Normal, I beat it in about four or five hours. There's a few things to encourage replayability, but mostly for completionists.As for story, it's an ""original"" bit after Book Two and before Book Three. The only character besides Korra you interact with at all is this spirty version of Jinora that mostly acts as a tutorial. I thought it was due to casting costs, but then in the Pro-Bending mode (unlocked after you finish the game), you have Mako and Bolin all of a sudden. I dunno, it's a little all over the place, but the various elements are pretty cool, the combat works (not great, but passable), and it's pretty true to Legend of Korra, all things considered.That said, there are these horrid ""riding"" sections with Naga. Basically an ""endless runner"" style thing where you collect spirit orbs and avoid running into crap. But if you're as slow to react as I am, you end up running into crap and having to start over at a checkpoint. Luckily said checkpoints are fairly frequent, but it's just a hassle. Also a bit ironic, since Naga usually comes in to rescue Korra from a large group of enemies (which you could totally beat if you're good at countering), only to get me killed over and over because I didn't turn swiftly enough, etc.Still, for less than $4, it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,281690,20972445,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,salty bird,"If anything, this game is an achievment pinata while keeping a fun, fast paced, storyline with action."
,Recommended,281690,20743758,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,TheLegend27,this game is Awesome to play and i do recomend this 100% to buy
76561198095420568,Recommended,281690,20987248,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Szechuan Speedboy,A game about Legend Of Korra?! SIGN ME UP!!-The attacks are awesome-The models are very well designed-The stages look JUST like the show-The pro bending is rad-The way you can switch elements on the fly is perrfect-The voice acting is greatMy Only Complaint: the combat is a little clunky for how smooth it looked on the show.
76561198077599914,Not Recommended,281690,18817317,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,S+EaM_PuNK™,game wont start
76561198265060353,Recommended,281690,22028971,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Krummn,"Its fun to play just start it telling the story of the original avatar and the beginning of the legend of korra, other than that the game is fun the final boss is veru difficult though."
76561198115413364,Recommended,281690,22094598,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,De@tHToLL,Awesome!!
76561198006019148,Recommended,281690,24664913,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mike_Charger,"The Legend of Korra is an interquel set between seasons of the hit show with a story penned by one of the original creators of said show. But, is the game worth the price of admission?Yes, yes it is. Though it is short, the price point alone makes it worthwhile to play. Plus, seeing Elemental Bending combat action by Platinum Games is a treat in of itself.While many have complained about the game being ""not as good"" as regular Platinum Games. I fully beleive that executive decisions resulted in a quick cash-in game that could have easily been absolute garbage.I write this review now, years after beating the game in four hours, because a recently released game based on a hit program, with similar themes to this is being bashed for being priced way to high for what it offers.I am of course not going to mention that game, but it features students at an accademy in four man squads. That could be Naruto right? But it is not, it sadly is nothing like that, but my main focus of this review is to tell people that this game could have actually been a slap in the face of fans and been a truly horrible rush-job.Instead, its a short game, but not a rush job, they also sold it for a fair price considering the quality of the character models, something this ""other game I will not name"" was bashed for because during its beta they downgraded the character models.Trust me when I say that spending money and time with The Legend of Korra game is nothing you will regret and does not besmirch the name of the show it is attached to and inspired by and connected to unlike another game that is not in my game library until a sizable price drop due to the issues I mentioned.Pros:Faithful adaptation of bending arts in videogame form.Combat allows the switching of unlocked bending styles to create a very deep combat system.Artwork is faithful to the show.The storyline is decent, practical, and makes sense considering the constraints placed upon the developers.The Pro-Bending Mini-game is amazing!Cons:It is short, like, a few hours long but well worth it at the price point I initally got it for which was 15 dollars. If you cannot stomach that, wait for a sale and get it cheaper than that. I have paid fifty dollars for games with higher budgets that totally did not appear to be worth fifty dollars.Considering the developer, you would have expected a better game, what few flaws were the recycled enemies. Granted, it is not too bad considering its length, but you will repeatedly fight the same enemy types.They could have made a longer game, hell why did they NOT make a sequel adapting the final season with Platinum Games? That alone is a con because that is leaving money on the damn table!Final words:Still, The Legend of Korra is a rush job with proper balancing and heart that is worth the price of admission. Think of it as a ticket to a 3D interactive movie and enjoy yourself for a couple of hours. Heck, I would watch a Mover about the Ice Nation Civil War starring Captain Bolin, but I wonder who would play Black Widow? Asami? Totally Asami, who should have been in this game because most of the cast is missing, but, considering its length and the shoestring budget it was produced on. It is not a bad budget game."
76561197961914449,Recommended,281690,24628051,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Quenchiest,"I've decided to change this review to recommended, but . However, this is just an ok game, and has a lot of issues. Unless you are an avatar fan, you probably wont' enjoy this. I wish they had a larger budget, made a better game, and charged more than $15 for it. As it is, $15 isn't a huge investment, but the game is just polished enough for this price point, and no more, which is a crying shame as there is a framework here for what could be a very expansive and engrossing avatar game.Pros:* short story that takes place between seasons 2 and 3* great animations, art, sound, music, and voice actors that is faithful to the show* pro bending is very fun (IMO). many disagree.* avatar mode is a fun ""I win"" button but you have to beat the game to earn it.* some boss fights, and last boss in particular, is very epic* counters are very satisfyingCons:* extreme difficulty unless you grind levels or have godlike reflexes. bosses do stupid amounts of damage when you are low level and can combo you while you are down. You have to whittle down their health bars by the pixel and dodge/counter near perfectly while being hailed by dozens of projectiles.* korra dies in very few hits to pretty much anyone on normal difficulty. Naga dies running into 3 obstacles.* counter prompts are interrupted immediately if you are moving while it happens* lazy PC port that starts out in windowed mode with no control or visual settings* retrying sections of level for medals require restarting level* naga only knows how to run at one speed: so effin' fast that if you run into a wall it kills you. He has no reason to run this fast. There are never any enemies chasing you. Naga levels are 3-lane obstacle runners that feel tacked on, pointless, and terrible to play.* very limited amounts of techniques to learn, and no multi-element combos.* enemies are fairly repetative with just color palette swaps* a few areas have very sparse checkpoints* unleveled and uncharged firebendng is near useless. no range, enemies dodge out of strong attacks, and block quick attacks very easily. the combo also makes you climb on top of stationary objects you try to destroy. It seems to have maybe 1% chance to set people on fire. at high levels (higher than what you would get in a normal playthrough, it is decent as when chi charged it teleports you to enemies, but when you play normally it is trash)* earthbending, on the otherhand, seems completely unblockable, kills enemies in 2-3 hits, and has fast AOE air smash. airbending is AOE tornados everywhere with multi-hit strong combos that clears rooms with the press of a button.* spirit levels have rooms full of dozens of flying enemies that don't move and just constantly shoot at you.* spirit giants take up the whole screen and you can't see them telegraph their moves since it is offscreen or you are clipped into their bodies and arms.* some platforming sections have weird non-registration of jump button when near edges.* very little plot elements that involve other characters. You're basically solo the entire game with korra talking to herself, and occasionally a spirit jonora.* it seems really out of place for korra to be destroying private property like jars to earn currency to buy new techniques. this isn't legend of zelda"
,Recommended,281690,24667060,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Neelsie92,An excellent game worth buying. Just wish that the game had a longer storyline and that more factors from the anime was worked in like metalbending and bloodbending...But all an all worth it! hoping on a sequal!
,Not Recommended,281690,25422035,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,sapphicgaymer,"If you're a big enough fan of the series, perhaps you'll be able to tolerate the repetitive gameplay.The game tries its best to capture the animation series with the soundtrack and elemental bending, but the story is not compelling enough to make me want to finish it.So unless you're a bigger fan of dying and torture, get this game - probably better if it's on sale though."
76561198138702925,Recommended,281690,25484712,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Assassin,Very good game.
,Recommended,281690,25486985,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Thairanitar,Solid graphics and the gameplay's pretty fun! For only 2 GB of memory there's a large amount of content that you can play with on this game. Would highly recommend to any fan of the series!
,Recommended,281690,25510485,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MBT,"I just beat this game and I loved it.The story isn't the best but I loved the way the game played. I loved the combat in the game. It made me stand up when I'm close to defeating a boss the same way I did when I was younger.The game does have a few flaws though;the camera angles are placed a bit awkwardly at times, it's a bit short and a few of the stages tend to get difficult even at normal mode (I don't consider this a flaw but some people might).If you're looking for a fun, short game I would reccomend this one."
76561198086356848,Recommended,281690,25551650,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The Jibril,"ini game cukup sehari kelar....tapi cukup memuaskanlah buat ngisi waktu... gamenya lumayan sulit walaupun mode normal. pertarungannya asik, cuman ngelatih kesabaran aj. g bisa langsung grasak grusuk maju mukul. klo gw lebih mengandalkan counter attack. gw belinya pas summer sale jadi so pasti murah. jadi ini game layak kamu coba"
,Recommended,281690,17132881,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RandomFunnyMoments,"i bought this game for 3.00 like ""wow 3 dollars? hells yes im gonna buy it!"" and HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAMEI WISH IT WAS LONGER BECAUSE IT IS FREAKING AMAZING. I REALLY HOPE THERES GONNA BE ANOTHER ONE LIKE THIS OR SOME KIND OF DLC bc i NEED it10/10 would play over and over again"
,Recommended,281690,17136860,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Bio52,"If you are a fan of the legend of korra and want something to play for 10 to 15 minute at a time thats short overall then i suggest this game. If you want a challange off the bat this game sadly doesn't offer that, you need to go through normal to unlock the extreme difficulty, which is pretty difficult. There is also a short but fun probending side game. Overall for the 3.75 i paid during the sale i would say it's worth it, however i would not recommend it for the full price tag of 15 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,281690,16480221,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RoboitoAM,"It isn't Platinum's best, but even their worst is average."
76561198048358726,Recommended,281690,16482717,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Valencian,"A good sidestory to the cartoon that will be sure to entertain any fan of the animated series who are craving for some more.  To top if all off you're Korra! The boulder throwing, water slinging, fire throwing and air blasting Avatar!  The game has a nice beat em' up feel to it that honestly reminded me of DMC, God of War and Darksiders.Just remember it's a game made for kids so try not to nitpick at everything and just have fun. (Once you unlock the avatar state, go nuts!)"
76561198065975756,Recommended,281690,16484231,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Weed Wagon,"Ok so the legend of korra game is  a exeptionally well  made game! The beggining of the game was really hard and was a challange. the story of the game was nice and interesting. My favorite part of the game is the gameplay. You can pick wich ever element you want to fight your enemies. The only problem that there is in this game is the length and the characters. the game only has 3 chapters. ( republic city, south pole, and spirit world) Tthe only character in the show you realy have contact with is jinora. Mako and bolin are seen at the pro bending mini game which you only really play for like 5 minutes. The boss fight was a real challenge, and was enjoyable when you kicked his♥♥♥♥♥ If you really like the legend of korra series i highly HIGHLY recommend picking up this game when its on a sale, for its a really good game and source of canon of what happened between book 2-3. The game also has a little replay value. Mainly to kick the guys butts that kicked yours when you didnt have and elements. Dont be afraid not to pick this game up, because my only regret is i never got it sooner!"
76561197973221640,Recommended,281690,16488217,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,YaK^Dudu,"It's a must have for anyone that loved the original ""Last Airbender""  and ""Legend of Korra"" as much as I did. Being able to hear and remember all those voices, all those sounds, to see again both the intro and credits and, of course, to control Korra in combat (a surprisingly nice combat system, imo) were great experiences worth of the sale price I paid for it. And I'm glad just to know that I supported as I could these people that gave me so many good moments and feelings, in form of the series.Not all is glory, though. The game is waaay short, has (at least at this moment) little replay factor and playing it on normal can be a pain, considering it just increases the enemies HP and makes boss fights too long and repetitive. Oh god, those endless runs with Naga were cringe worthy. It lacks adversary types. Economy upgrade systems went almost unoticed. The story, appart from short, lacked the depth of a series book/season. I also saw some people complaining about the graphics, but that wasn't a problem for me."
,Recommended,281690,16488724,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sir Joe,"When I first saw the gameplay videos of this game, I wanted to play it and... wasn't disappointed! It's basically a hack n' slash with magic and kung fu, no weapons whatsoever.PROS+ Dynamic battles with nice combos+ Elements level up, becoming more powerful and allowing you to learn more combos+ Pleasing graphics, fantastic magic effects+ Arena mode apart from the main game, just like in the series+ ""Temple-Run-like"" mode after some levels, in which you ride Naga, Korra's magic mount, across the level, dodging obstacles and collecting energy+ Sound effects are very nice, so is the voice acting+ Easy and intuitive commands+ Challenges become harder with timeCONS- Weak and simple plot, not bad, but could be better, considering the Avatar universe- Low variety of enemy appearance; mechas and goons get different powers, but their appearance only change colors- The combos could be learned, not bought in the store- The game is kinda short, although you can replay it in a harder difficulty to get all the rewardsIf you like the Avatar series, martial arts, magic and hack n' slash games, this one is worth a look. My recommendation: wait for a 66& sale or better.7.5/10"
76561197996502193,Recommended,281690,16452872,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Daleos,"It's the good, Buy now!"
,Recommended,281690,16533029,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,the von Essence,"This game is technically meant for pre-existing Legend of Korra fans. It makes frequent references to events that occured in Seasons 1 and 2 of the show, including the settings, characters, and enemies. That being said, if you're a Last Airbender fan who's never watched an episode of Korra in their life, you'll probably still enjoy this game. All it is is a beat-em-up featuring bending instead of more traditional weapons. I enjoyed it immensely, despite the fact that the story was mediocre at best, the enemies were *extremely* repetitive, and the only characters to appear for longer than five seconds from the show's great and diverse cast were Korra herself and young airbender Jinora (who only actually appears in spirit - literally).If you're looking for a continuation of Legend of Korra's excellent storyline or a game featuring all of the characters you know and love from the series, this isn't it. If you're looking to annihilate wave after wave of enemies with the power of the elements as the Avatar, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,281690,16418604,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Essenity,"this game is actually more challenging than i thought, it looks and feels great.controls are nice and  simple. moves are badass, mechanics are tought through.a controler is adviced but keyboard and mouse will do fine aswell (i used mouse and keyboard).hint: Use your block key!"
,Not Recommended,281690,16956670,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,lorylorybobory,It's okay for what it is but screw everything that isn't pro-bending.Pro-bending is the only thing remotely fun about this game and that gets old relatively fast.
,Recommended,281690,22919217,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,earlobe,"I loved this game. My only complaint is that it doesn't last longer, and there aren't more unlockable moves/items."
,Recommended,281690,22924052,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,blaziken25,0/10 No Korrasami
,Recommended,281690,22977150,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,✪ methical,"if you are really into the series, go for it."
,Recommended,281690,22969185,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,/;-;\,"I swear to ♥♥♥♥ing god....This is actually harder than Dark Souls♥♥♥♥ing triads.kill the water guy first,fire then the rock guy lmaogame still fun nonetheless but you should look at my keyboard"
76561198111278390,Recommended,281690,22913037,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kirigaya Kazuto,bending..u gt to try it..it's fun
76561198032261087,Recommended,281690,22904957,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Fresh Cabbage,"Beat the last round of the pro pro-bending, and you'll be literally fuxking legend."
76561198042596615,Recommended,281690,22681774,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Alphos,"If you're a fan of the Legend of Korra show or the original Last Airbender, I DO recommend this game. It takes place between Legend of Korra Seasons 2 and 3 and pits Korra against familiar foes like Equalist Chi Blockers and Mecha-Tanks as well as Dark Spirits like those she battled when fighting against Unaloq and Vaatu in Season 2.In The Legend of Korra game, Korra finds herself the target of a daring power-grab by Hundun; an ancient Earth King imprisoned in the Spirit World by the Avatar 1000 years ago. Now, after opening the Spirit Portals and defeating Vaatu during Harmonic Convergence, Hundun has been accidentally freed from his banishment and seeks to return to the physical world and rule once again!The plot IS short (only 8 levels) and Hundun doesn't get any story whatsoever until LITERALLY the last cutscene before the bossfight. Personally, I think Hundun is a pretty cool villain but the game misses the mark on doing him justice. Instead, he feels alot like Vaatu mk. 2 'cause he keeps talking about plunging the physical world into an era of chaos and darkness. Most of the main characters from Legend of Korra aren't present in the game's main plotline. Don't go into this game expecting to rub-shoulders with badasses like Tenzin, Lin Beifong, or Asami. However, Mako and Bolin DO appear in the game's second 'playmode'; Probending.The gameplay itself is, actually, deceptively addictive. It's alot like games like God of War in that it gives you an uber amount of power and a field of enemies to annihilate with it. However, some of the enemies can be pretty cheap and Korra can be stun-locked or juggled pretty much indefinately on the higher difficulty levels near the end of the game. To offset this, you can spend point acquired in-game at Iroh's Shop (and yes, they got Iroh's voice actor from Legend of Korra and Season 3 of Last Airbender to voice him, too) where you can buy items that give you bonuses such as increased attack power or stun immunity in return for reduced maximum health.For me, the real fun of the game if your ability to freely change between Earthbending, Waterbending, Firebending, and Airbending whenever you feel like it. Each bending style has its own distinct strengths and weaknesses and each has unique finishing moves for each enemy you face.Now the Elephant in the room: the Avatar State. Yes. You can go into the Avatar State. Yes your attacks basically annihilate any poor S.O.B that gets in your way. Yes, it is epic and well worth the cost of powering-up (you build it up by doing combos and killing enmies faster). Yes, you are basically invincible. Yes, it pauses gameplay to show Korra's eyes start to glow. BUT, and this is a BIG but, you don't have access to the Avatar State until the second last level (after which you can freely go back and replay any level you want with access to the Avatar State just like normal but you can't use it until you unlock it in that level).Another gripe I have about the game is that when you put Korra into the Avatar State, it doesn't play the epic Avatar State theme from Legend of Korra or from Last Airbender when you trigger it during normal gameplay. However, don't despair. There are cutscene prompts where you can put Korra into an infinite-time Avatar State and it plays the theme on a loop as part of the game's main plot.Overall. I'd give this game a 6.5/10. If you're a fan of either of the Avatar series', definately give this a go because it's certainly worth the $17 pricetag. They got the original voice actors for all the characters that appear and the cutscenes are animated just like the show looks. Infact, the game is structured to FEEL like you're watching an episode of Legend of Korra (it opens with the show's opening and closes with the credit sequence and everything!). If you didn't particularly enjoy the Avatar cartoons, give it a pass because there are better brawlers out there."
76561198000764602,Recommended,281690,22600979,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SoFech,"Don't be fooled, this is not a game for babies. The Legend of Korra borrows it's combat from titles like Devil May Cry, and some of the difficulty too. There is a heavy emphasis on parrying and avoiding damage as you can get wombo-comboed to death in an instant. As you progress through the game you unlock the four elements that work like stances, each with it's own strength and weaknesses. Only the final boss can punish you for using the wrong type, otherwise you can use the one you like.Positives:+Engaging combat+Fun combos+Challenging enemies+Kickass cutscenes+Excellent visuals+Unlockables and upgrades+Secrets!+Great voice actingNeutrals:~Vehicle segments take away from the combat but are actually pretty well done~You don't have to learn to parry, but the game will be really hard if you don't~The last element unlocked is OP and trivializes the rest of the game~Secondary game mode after the story has been completedNegatives-Main story is 3-4 hours of playtime-Only 2 or 3 upgrades per ability-Some items are worthless and other make the game very easy-Minor replay valueI would not recommend this game for $15, but it often goes on sale for $3.74 and is well worth it at that price."
,Recommended,281690,22603592,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,TheRealestAsami,"It really isn't a Platinum game, to be honest.This was made the same year as Metal Gear Rising, a hallmark of just how crazy and over the top Platinum games could be. LoK doesn't have any of those moments, sadly. Don't get me wrong, the gameplay is amazing (the camera isn't as good tho)Sure, you fight giant robots, but you don't throw those bad boys across an entire city and fight the Senator of Colorado afterwards.I mean, if you really want to get into it, it's Nick's fault. Limited budget, even though they knew what Platinum is capable of, gameplay wise and just how amazing that could be if you do it right. Kinda reminds me of the LoK show and all the budget troubles and Corporate meddling that made that series so sub-par. All we can do is hope for some arena fighting game with the Avatar characters.If you're a fan of the show, I recommend it (although the voice acting could be better). If you like Platinum games, wait until this is on sale for something reasonable6/10- Atleast Korra is still one bangable gal"
76561198045285245,Recommended,281690,22838757,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"It's a brawler with Korra and platforming. The platforming is kinda' meh...but the Korra x Brawling is as good a mix as Korra X Asami. Git gei and have fun, but pls don't play on the hardest difficulty first, you'll probably hate yourself."
76561198289472085,Recommended,281690,22839321,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,dwxsy,"Very interesting gameplay, with four bending skills, a great fun together with the TV episode!though the story may be a little too short, but anyway, a cool experience!"
,Not Recommended,281690,22620189,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,℣øℓçħıỿą,great
,Recommended,281690,22737837,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,French Onion,As of the time this is published I have played 4.0 hours (might play again). 4 hours it takes to finish the story but there are areas you need to go back to if you plan to 100% this game. It was worth the $3.75USD as it was on sale
76561198103431330,Recommended,281690,22449413,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,I have been enjoying this much more than anticipated.
76561198060948925,Recommended,281690,22459059,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,nordicfatcheese,"DO NOT LET THE THUMBS UP FOOL YOU, THIS GAME IS VERY FLAWED!THE PORT:Okay, let's start with the bad and what is probably a deal breaker for most: the god awful port. This game is a terrible port from console and it very badly damages it.There is NO way to rebind keys or even check what they are.There is NO support for the mouse whatsoever in the game, all menus are navigated by arrow keys. You will never see the cursor in game.There are almost no options for graphics (you can change resolution and low or high quality graphics, which does not make much of a difference due to the cell shaded art style of the game).The camera controls terribly. It's damn near impossible to control with a mouse and the lock camera has a habit of staring you into a wall.However, despite the game's recommendation that you use a controller, the game does handle decently well on keyboard and mouse (except for the camera, as stated previously).GAMEPLAY:Now for the good. The gameplay is a third person brawler style of combat that, despite a sometimes questionable lock on camera, flows very nicely most of the time.The great thing about the combat system is the bending. You get all four elements: Water, Earth, Fire, and Air. Each element plays a little differently.Water is long rangedEarth is high damage, stun, slow attacksFire is very fast agressive attacksAir is low damage stun and evasionYou have your standard light and heavy attacks on left and right mouse buttons and each element has its own light and heavy attacks. Generally speaking the light attacks are quick do damage abilities and the heavy attacks are slow stun abilities but the elements do have a significant difference in what their attacks are and how they play.Comboing the elements together gives an epic sense of fluidity to the combat. The bending feels very powerful and the elements all flow together quite nicely to give the best bending experience (that is, replicating the feeling of the awesome bending in the shows) that I am aware of.The biggest problem with the combat is that in the campaign they immediately take all of your bending away and you have to gain the elements back as the campaign progresses. However, the campaign is very short (took me about 4 hours to beat on normal difficulty), and once you beat the campaign you can play through it again with all 4 elements and the Avatar State which is vastly more enjoyable.Another huge problem with the gameplay is that it recycles enemies a LOT. All game the normal enemies you fight are all Equalists of three different colors with different abilities. There are only two unique boss fights in the entire game (other than the final boss): Mecha Tank and three Triple Threat Triad members, one of whom is an Earthbender, one a Waterbender, and the other a Firebender. Until the very end of the game where you enter the spirit world, the above listed enemies are the ONLY enemeis you will encounter in the entire game.The last problem with the gameplay is that it is very short. The campaign took me only about 4 hours to beat on normal difficulty (the highest difficulty available to you at the start of the game). It felt like at the end of the game when I got the last element back and the Avatar State it should have been the half way point, and the rest of the campaign would be about using the elements together in combos. But that point was the final boss, you get to use all 4 elements in the campaign for about 30-45 minutes and the Avatar State only for the final boss. However, the campaign can be replayed on a new game plus mode with a higher difficulty and all 4 elements and the Avatar State, so it is well worth it to blitz through the campaign and then get the real enjoyability out of replaying the campaign with all 4 elements.Also worth noting is the Pro-Bending mini-game. It's a seperate mode you unlock AFTER you beat the campaign, and is exactly how Pro-Bending from the show works: Teams of 3 try to knock each other back and eventually push them off the edge of the arena, advancing and gaining territory as the opposition is pushed back. This gamemode is enjoyable, but not as fun as the normal combat in the campaign since you are limited to Water in Pro-Bending.AESTHETICS:Graphics: The graphics in this game are a cell shaded low texture quality but excellent art design approach. The visuals are themed off of the Legend of Korra show and are very accurate to how the show looks. They're not gorgeous by any means, but they do look good enough to be enjoyable. The cutscenes, however, are fantastic. They look almost like they're taken straight from the show, phenomenal animation and the like.Audio: The voice acting and music is great. From what I can tell, voice actors for the characters in game are the same as the ones in the show. Featured voices from the show include Korra, Mako, Bolin, Jinora, and Iroh. The music is also taken straight from the show, which is phenomenal, the show's soundtrack is one of the best I've ever heard. Fans of the music from the Legend of Korra show are going to be very very happy.Animation: Animation is also done fantastically. The animation for attacks with different types of bending is phenomenal. It looks and feels just as great as the bending does in the show and goes a long way for the enjoyability of the bending. The animations for attacks and even the idle stances very much replicate the unique feels of the bending as well as the show does.FINAL COMMENTS:This is going to be two final comment sections: one for fans of the show and one for people who have never watched the show.For fans of the show this game is well worth suffering the horrific port and gameplay flaws for the bending alone. I highly recommend finishing the campaign as quck as you can to replay the game on new game plus where you have all 4 elements. The elements flow together so naturally and it feels so much like it does in the show that I forgot all of the problems as soon as they gave me some more elements.HOWEVER, if you have never watched the show, firstly, drop what you're doing and go watch it right now, both the Last Airbender and the Legend of Korra are amazing shows. Secondly, you will probably not enjoy this game nearly as much if you have never watched the show. There's a lot of small details relating to the show that will simply fail to impress somebody who has never watched it. In addition, most of the fun from the bending was how it emminated the feel of the bending from the show so well that it felt like you were playing and episode of the Legend of Korra, and somebody who hasn't watched the show isn't going to get that satisfaction from the combat.So, if you've never watched the show, I recommend giving this one a pass. You just won't get that same satisfaction from it. However, I am recommending this game for two reasons:Most people who would buy this game are probably fans of the show andAs a huge fan of the show I had a blast. Highly recommended for fans who want a game with that bending feeling that only Avatar can bring (however, take this with a grain of salt and consider the terrible port)."
76561198101096187,Recommended,281690,22456294,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ibeez,"okay gameplay, but great for fans of legend of korra!"
76561197975054310,Not Recommended,281690,16984112,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bloody_Mustache,"This game, this game, this game. As much as they are trying to make a game out of the legendary avatar cartoon franchise platinum games falls short in making the game a repetetive , full of button mashing and boring combos with a weak story.I do not recoomned this game for people looking to enjoy themselves. It looks like Korra but it feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥really wish I could enjoy this game. But I cant. Id rather be playing dynasty warriors.Do not pursue Lubu."
76561198151778901,Recommended,281690,22709562,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mash!ro CS.MONEY,Вашпе вах игра
,Recommended,281690,26000479,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,chill man,its prrty gud
76561198128026473,Recommended,281690,26051572,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DeepLove,A gotta play for any avatar fans. Feels like you are really participating as the Avatar in the real anime
76561198036374696,Recommended,281690,25978677,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,koralgoll,"I love the art style of this game. Great combos make you feel like your are in real battle. If you are a martial arts fan, you have to play this game."
76561198189250489,Recommended,281690,25916820,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,catalist223,"A fun and different game then what I expected. While yeah some parts seemed either repetitive, it remained about a moderatly dificult game in my opinion. Mainly due to once you figure out the right combo to use all the challenges become pretty easy. still tho it has some replay value but not much since no branching story, but atleast the arena is fun."
76561198170413653,Recommended,281690,26133529,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,IRoNiC beATz,"Now being a big fan of the series, I always wanted a game where I could be a bad♥♥♥♥♥and use bending abilities. This beinga tie-in game I thought, why not give it a shot? I was a bit dissapointed that it wasn't as amazing as I originally hoped but, it actually is a pretty good game. Most TV show games are absolutly terrible but this game isn't. Combat is really fun and does require a bit of skill to master and beating the crap out of enemies is a blast. The only problems I really have with the game is the voice acting, It's terrble compared to the show, and the temple run style parts. Other than that, it is a pretty good game for what it delivers, don't listen to IGN reviews because they are underrating it. This is a good game and is worth the pick up, not the game we all probably hoped but it still stands as a good game."
76561198282462682,Recommended,281690,26150935,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Biscuit,"Have to say its preat good, although the story line is not such a success.To all the legend of korra/avatar, you'll like it either way.I realy hope to use all the characters from the team avatar,try blood bending, metal bending, online duels."
76561198086216833,Recommended,281690,26093867,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Dolan,I would definitly like to see a sequel BUT-Avatar state is terrible. Just becouse it is definision of overpower it does not mean that it have to totaly borring. It shoul be the oposite. It had no game designing in it and should have plenty. Realy thats the least fun wrecking havock ive seen.-The story mode (whole game) was realy short.-Activision should stop touching stories stories.Still enjoyed it a lot and would love part 2 (propably not gonna happen thou).
,Recommended,281690,24243069,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bright,"Pretty barebones with a throwaway story, but still good fun."
,Recommended,281690,24613894,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gincal,"Well, Legend of Korra is a fine game...I am a great enthusiast of the Avatar franchise and I'm used to know that everyone that messes with their franchise usually screws everything up, Legend of Korra was probably a 5/10.It's a fine game with a fine storyline (even though not related to the show's storyline) and with interesting features, but both the graphics and the gameplay are not very friendly, so I would probably recommend this game to whoever is into Avatar, cause it's actually a fun game, but you might get a bit frustrated with the gameplay features, I'd say..."
,Recommended,281690,28871277,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cheeseburgermafia,Loved this one.3D platformer with combo combat. Lots of stuff to unlock with currency you get from good combat performance and keen eyes.
76561197995086333,Recommended,281690,31083691,Posted: 11 April,all,Destiny883,"A fun and challenging fighting/platform game set between the second and third season of the Legend of Korra cartoon series. If you're a fan of Avatar, you should really try this out!"
,Recommended,281690,30997352,Posted: 7 April,all,Agurezz,"Everyone who likes the series ""The Legend of Korra"" or ""The Last Airbender"", will also like this game.It is still a shame that I played the game in 17.8 hours to 100% with all achievements and all items, collectebles, and every difficulty.They could have make such a great game out of this but did not.I would recommend to buy in sale because you wont play it more than 20 hours maximum.Still liked it :) It is fun to play"
76561198002871766,Recommended,281690,30164450,Posted: 25 February,all,Gatts,"i have watched the avatar last airbender but not this oneso i don't know if it's related to cartoon.But even though i haven't watched it, it was fun for 8 hours and thennnn it's finished like always.they really need to make the game longerif you don't have controller don't try to play it.it's not gonna be fun."
,Recommended,281690,30219125,Posted: 27 February,all,PICKLE RICK,This is fun if you love the series you will love this game :)Play it with a controller for better experience in  game
,Recommended,281690,30265465,Posted: 1 March,all,SirKaitos,I don't hate it.
76561198116781511,Recommended,281690,30263059,Posted: 1 March,all,Meeseeks,Great game for a nice smooth hack n' slash experience.
76561198017204319,Recommended,281690,15048914,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,chweaver,"At first I didn't like this game, but after playing it for awhile, I changed my mind. It's not a bad game. It sort of grows on you and after you invest a bit of time with it you really do like it. I really enjoy the Naga runs and after you get used to how to block, the game gets more interesting. Some of the fights are hard to get thru and that put me off at times as I've never been really good at using combos and such.  But even this wasn't that hard once you got used to it. One of things I really like are the remarks Korra makes as you lead her thru the game. These add to the game and make it easier to do a section over again if you get beat. I brought this game on a hunch I'd like it. At first, I was so frustrated with not being able to move ahead in the game that I didn't like it. That changed. It's a fun game and I suggest getting it!"
,Recommended,281690,31868748,Posted: 20 May,all,Crammie,"This game was something else. I expacted something chill to play when im bored but Jesus Christ, i got♥♥♥♥♥♥on.When i bought this game (probally like everybody when it was on sale) i thought to myself ""This cant be too hard, its a Avatar Game. Story Rich, for children"" but i got proven wrong really quick.In Short:I liked:- The Story: Yes, it is not that long but i thought it was allright. Afterall Activision is behind it and theire most popular Games (i guess the COD-Series) dont have that much of a story either. Since i havened seen an episode for god knows how long it was nice to get back into the Avatar universe- The Sounddesign: Not that much to say really. The sounds and the music was allright.- The Graphics: Since it based of a Cartoon (dont slay me for not knowing the right word for it) the graphics are cartoonish but it fitted really well.Was i thought was hmmm aaahhh:- The Gameplay: The fights are really something else. For example the Bossfights, where you fight 3 godlike people that all attack at onces it can be really challenging and frustrating because you will die... alot... really... But it was fun still.What i didnt like:- The Camera: It is god awefull. The autoadjust that you have is rubbish.- The Platformer part: I lost count how many times i died for the stupidest reasons. Performing these finishing moves on a platform -> uhh sorry, you kicked him out and moved to far. Goobye.So is it worth a buy: Yes and no. If it is worth picking it up if you like challeging games and dont get to easily annoyed at stuff like dieying for stupid reasons or getting♥♥♥♥♥♥on. I would also recommend picking it up when it is on sale, because it is not that long and i am not sure if it is worth the full price."
76561198132697489,Recommended,281690,31919323,Posted: 23 May,all,UPS_with_WINGS,"What an Awesome game, got mine on sale! A great Succesor to Avatar the Last Airbender! Im not a good gamer, but even if I was, this game would be a challenge. Very fluid, and the very kewl cinematic finishers. I also was pretty surprised at the Temple Run-ish minigame through out the levles now THAT was really challenging hehe. Even though the story was lacking in bits, it made up for in action. Good show, Good show!"
,Recommended,281690,28680119,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LegalWrights,"It's really not bad. It's actually a solid beat-em-up. Is it an amazing game that you're gonna spend years with? God no, but that's why it's not 40 dollars. Hell, it's not even 20 dollars. It's a good price for a good beat em up with progression and variety in element use.Also, you get some unlocks at the end that make consecutive playthroughs a total walk in the park, which is always fun in a beat em up."
76561198103456072,Recommended,281690,28674928,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Balboz,very fun but too short the all game feel like tutorial for the next stageand then the game ends..but can be fun for 3-4 hoursbuy only at 5$ or under.
76561198045486135,Recommended,281690,28650083,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Leuki,I like this game because I'm a big fan of the serial. But missing subtitles.
76561198263044746,Recommended,281690,28651842,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BokToshMoshRosh,it was a really good game
,Recommended,281690,28604273,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[D3RP] GhostStache,"This game is not Platinum's best work, but it still feels undoubtedly like a good Platinum game.  The controls are tight and the combat feels good. I wish there was a little more combo diversity and depth, but not all games can be as crazy, over the top as Metal Gear Rising.  My main issue with it is how short its campaign is and its limited replayability.  The Pro-Bending mode unlocked after the campaign isn't worth it, in my opinion.  The two instances in the campaign where you do a pro-bending match are both frustrating, and the dedicated mode isn't much better.The story is great, though.  Original voice actors, all new animated cut scenes that look like they'd fit right in wth the show, and engaging narrative decisions that line up with the game's mechanics and progression.  It felt a little rushed (what can you expect from such a short campaign), but so did the show a lot of the time, so I can't fault it for that.Is it worth $15? Not at all.  $7.50? Better price, especially if you're a big fan of the show."
,Recommended,281690,28474462,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,p(A)vel,"I don't know background of avatar universe, so I was not disappointed by lack of good plot, game was quite straightforward, but fights on extreme difficulty were challenging and I truly enjoyed ingame mini-games. I don't regret buying this game"
76561198165711683,Recommended,281690,28637299,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GaliaCoon,pretty nice you have much fun with the story mode
,Recommended,281690,28350054,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Alexandre alexsteckel,Good game... good graphics!!! its fun!!!
76561198161859768,Recommended,281690,30991788,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,"Good game, but kinda short.. Still love it tho!"
76561198068870347,Recommended,281690,28754223,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raizel,good game I got it on sale
76561198212288785,Recommended,281690,24053235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,EternalArtCulture,"The Legend of KorraI bought this game when it was on sale because I wasn't sure what I was going to get. It ended up being really fun, although some parts were more frustrating than fun in hard mode.The biggest downside to this game is that it's short. Definitely worth picking up when it's on sale."
,Recommended,281690,24036401,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[BZ-Shiki-ho]_IzzlLaB,It's very fun but fu*king very hard in normal mode or i noob :D:D
,Not Recommended,281690,23012946,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pangoro,>2016 and still doesn't have a keybinding system.
,Recommended,281690,24091170,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,the_other_jared,Fantastic game that puts your right into the action of the series!  It won't win any awards for story telling but the combat is second to none.
,Recommended,281690,23901034,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Awruq,Only for fans - You have to know the lore to fully enjoy this title which kinda sucks. Besides that gr8 game with tricky elemental combat system which is fun to use
,Recommended,281690,23914304,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cone,"great game even if you arent familiar with the series (as long as you are a fan of platinum games).  the only thing that sucks is the battletoads-speedbike-like sections of the game, which really take away from the game that i was enjoying. the final one in particular is god awful due to zero checkpoints"
76561198001788291,Not Recommended,281690,17873291,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Neins,"The whole game fight is based on just defense and counter damage.Without that the game is nearly unplayable.The control is great, but it's meaningless as you only need to do a just defense.I'm a fan of LoK, so I bought it.If you are not a fan, I don't recommend this one."
,Recommended,281690,16988151,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DDorito player,love it.
76561198001857467,Recommended,281690,23645115,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr.Booyah,"Really a fun game. Kind of feels like a filler arc, but it is fun. The achievements are a little annoying and if you want to get them all, on your first playthrough, pay attention to the command prompts that show up in the upper left hand corner of the screen. Those are the tutorials..."
,Recommended,281690,23781075,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,vsTerminus,"So, this shouldn't be at all surprising, but this is essentially Bayonetta 2 except Korra style. If you enjoyed Bayonetta, you'll enjoy this. I got it on sale for half price, but it's worth it at full price too.Pros:- Fluid, enjoyable combat- Interesting enemies- Replayability- Costumes and cheat codes- FUN- The original voice cast is hereCons:- The port is so-so.- 60fps lock- No graphics options other than ""Default"" and ""Smooth""- Doesn't support aspect ratios other than 16:9- No Windowed Fullscreen, and Windowed Mode doesn't center itself on launch- You pretty much need an Xbox 360 controller for this.- The game is pretty short. I finished it on Normal in 4 hours, and I died a fair amount. You can stretch it out by replaying on a harder difficulty or doing the Pro Bending league, but it's still a pretty short game.Considering the nature of this game (side project), the quality of the port is understandable. The game is only a few hours long, so even if those things bug you it's not like you'll be playing this for months or anything."
,Recommended,281690,23742383,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,A. Gael,"This is a very good game. The gameplay is really awesome, the fact that you can use several abilities of all the four bendings and the Avatar state is amazing, you also can ride Naga and use your bending during the ride. You do feel like you are controlling the Avatar, which is awesome!The story is great, but rushed. I liked the idea and the villain. It explored the universe of Avatar and the Spirit World. But I missed interacting with some of Legend of Korra main characters such as Mako, Bolin, Tenzin and Asami. I kept asking myself where they were. They would be helping Korra during this adventure for sure!I also missed being able to play the probending matches online with other players.Anyway, awesome game for Avatar's fans!"
,Recommended,281690,23727719,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,McKeewa,"I loved it. It's too short, not enough story, difficulty is... something. But Damn, I loved it. And mostly because it's awesome how it respect the original show and how it feels to BE the avatar.I would totally recommand it.This game could also be seen as a kind of proof of concept of how a RPG in this universe would be amazing."
76561198051816870,Recommended,281690,23718681,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,tealles,"Legend of Korra is fun, challenging, and an overall good time, but it certainly isn't short of flaws. My main nitpicks are that it gets very tedious after fighting the same enemies over and over again and the OP mecha tanks. Games should never feel like a chore, but LoK has only a few different enemies that come in waves and it can just drag on...and on....and on. At the end of a level you'll more than likely encounter a mecha tank. These mecha tanks are CRAZY over powered (or maybe I'm just terrible idk). When you open the game it recommends that you use a controller over the keyboard controls and I wish I had one, it would make playing much easier. Using the keyboard isn't impossible, but it isn't ideal.On the plus side the graphics look pretty darn close to the show, the combos are varied, and the original voice actors are there. I only wish there was more story with more of the side characters.If you are a fan of the series I would definitely recommend this game. If not, it may not be for you."
,Recommended,281690,12665328,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,ismail,long waited avatar universe-bending theme game. worth every cent and every minute i gave.
,Recommended,281690,23439220,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dualsaga184,"This is a fun game that has good mechanics, good visuals, and overall is a good game. Some of the menu navigation is a bit weird and the story isn't the greatest but for $15 it is certainly worth it."
76561198053609125,Recommended,281690,23461463,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mark,i say recommend: ONLY if the game is on sale AND you like avatar. the game is actually super short. it took me 4 hrs to play this game but im not a hard core gamer. story isnt really developed.Spoiler: you bave to beat one guy and run into the triad multiple times.you have a platformer fighter and tomb runner game thing (similar to the one on the phone). thats it.
76561198088577547,Recommended,281690,23161026,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,RaKeeTeR,my joystick is not working on it :( its a good game tho
76561198168131194,Recommended,281690,23129433,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Blacka-waii Nigganus,"Overall pretty good, and may be added DLC.Nice n good work"
,Recommended,281690,30060305,Posted: 20 February,all,oz4skinboi,Second best game adaptation of an anime series after Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. Reused assets/10
,Recommended,281690,15467800,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Shia LaBeouf,10/10 would beat up Wolfbats again
76561198056260632,Recommended,281690,29577719,Posted: 29 January,all,Chaossniper,"The game is a fun little romp and has replayability. I haven't watched the new Avatar but I'm sure fans will be disappointed on how short this game is. Atleast its 15$.  If you're a fan, give this game a shot."
,Recommended,281690,31008354,Posted: 7 April,all,Robby Boombastic,"If you're not a fan of the series, you probably won't get much enjoyment out of this game.  If you are a fan of the Avatar universe, I would highly recommend it.  Side missions with a runner style sequence (several lanes of oncoming terrain - jump, duck, left, right, etc.) on Naga are kind of tedious and don't add much to the story.  But they don't last long.  If you're looking to fulfill your dream of becoming the Avatar and messing people up with your elemental fury, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,281690,29516095,Posted: 26 January,all,keebo keempo,"From a story perspective this game was quite entertaining.  I liked getting to play through a new Avatar experience, there just aren't enough of those out there.  The bending feels awesome, I think they did about as good a job as can be done at creating the various elements in a game.  However, the game has severe balance issues, at least in the ""easy"" difficulty which I chose to play it on.  Every interaction in the game either feels far too easy, or extremely difficult, and the game doesn't do a very good job of presenting information on how to handle different situations.  For example, some bosses, particularly the giant robots, were very easy to beat, while others, particularly multiple-boss-at-once fights that became more frequent at the end, are almost impossible to get through without using lots of items.  It can be a bit disconcerting to find out that, for some bosses, the only factor that determines whether you will win or lose is if you have enough health potions and a revival vial.That being said, that might just be a criticism of the action game genre in general, as from what I've heard, games like Dark Souls play similarly, albeit with a much higher difficulty.  On the balance I recommend this game to all fans of Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra, as they will have a lot to enjoy between the cameos, music, story, and satisfying bending system.  However, if you aren't a fan and are looking for a fun, well-balanced action game, I would look somewhere else."
,Recommended,281690,31010718,Posted: 7 April,all,SneakyVelkin,"Great game, good fun.Fun gameplay and easy controls."
,Recommended,281690,29492262,Posted: 25 January,all,lucascsirai,"In short: It's an interesting game, with decent mechanics and a decent enough challenge. It's very short, there are very few varieties of enemies and the replayability is not very high.Detailed: the story takes an interesting path between the second and third seasons of the series, is somewhat cliché and is not complicated at all. Definitely not a necessary glimpse on what this universe has to offer.The gameplay is pretty fun, as you can have a variety of styles depending on your favorite techniques, using amulets and equipments to sacrifice some stats over others. Regaining the bending techniques is a little annoying, and you get all of them midway through the game (air bending being somewhat overpowered in most cases). There are not many different combos in each individual element bending, but they each have their strengths and weaknesses depending on the type of enemy you're facing. Mastering dodges and counters is a must, as not only this helps a lot against big legions of enemies, but it's also your main offense against bosses. There are ""Naga stages"", where you ride a giant dog through a running stage full of obstacles and bonuses... it sounds fun, but it really isn't - they're pretty easy, though.There's also ""pro-bending"" mode, unlocked after completing the game. It's just the ""pro-bending"" sport that you play at the beginning, but with increasing difficulties, and with your partners. It's quite challenging in the highest difficulty.You also unlock a higher difficulty in the main game once you beat it, and it frankly should have been the main difficulty all along. It really isn't as hard as it sounds, and is quite fair. It's a shame you can't play in that right off.Some ""boss"" enemies are reasonably hard, but you'll get the hang of it fast enough.Overall, a good game, not hard at all, and the biggest problem is simple: it's SHORT. When you start to like it, it ends, and not really in such a big way. Many recycled enemies (some over and over). It's worth buying this game if it's 50% or more off."
76561198206480023,Recommended,281690,31027014,Posted: 8 April,all,Nick Crompton,♥♥♥♥♥♥cool game 10/10 should play Loved it
,Recommended,281690,29879275,Posted: 12 February,all,SkaterPoem,I love the TV show. I played the game for the TV Show and I really wouldn't like to play this game. It was kind of hard for me and gameplay is very repetitive. It was worth while because of the cutscenes.
,Recommended,281690,16432409,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Exothermic,"Disclaimer: I'm a huge Avatar fan. It's a decent spectacle fighter by its own rights, but I found collecting the items and everything to be super enjoyable. For fans of the show, 9/10. For everyone else, it gets a solid 7.EDIT: Since writing this review, I've gotten every achievement in the game. The difficulty scales pretty well through higher difficulties, but new game plus can trivialize some of the more challenging aspects. Some of the items are really annoying, requiring you to grind specific levels over and over and over. It was fun for me to do though, overall. My original rating stands."
,Recommended,281690,19309339,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,<wew>,"The Legend of Korra has been badly rated by critics such as IGN (but yet again IGN doesn't always give a fair rating), but many players actually loved the game, including me.  Some of the pros in this game are: appealing art style, great combat system, and a great store. But there also some cons: the storyline is bad and the enemies can get kinda repetitive, but because this is a beatem up style game it makes up for that. Even though the gameplay is short (4 - 8 hours), once you beat the game you unlock Extreme Mode and Pro-Bending mode which can make up for the short gameplay. For a $15 game, I would consider that pretty good. Overall I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes a good beatem up style game or anyone who loves Avatar in general."
76561198150341105,Recommended,281690,33707668,Posted: 21 July,all,Laddylew,"The Legend of Korra was a nice game, a fun exciting game, while it lasted. Which I finished it in like 4 hours. The thing with this game is I would not buy at full price under any circumstance, I got it on sale for $5 and for 5 dollars it was worth it. But for 15 bucks do not buy it at that price. In terms of gameplay it's has some of the best controls I've expierenced in a game. I recommend you use some type of controller, I personally used a Steam Controller, but I assume anyone will work. I would rate this game a 7/10 Primarily because the game is entirely too short, I mean yes there's pro-bending afterwards, but in terms of story it is feeling lackluster, I would've like to see this game be a lot longer than it was, other than the gameplay time it was a lovely game, that I will replay occasionally when I am bored."
,Not Recommended,281690,33750833,Posted: 23 July,all,◄Reborn► Arorous,I bought this game expecting a lot more. It's extremely repetetive and barely entertaining at all.I would not reccomend this game. I purchased it for 15$ expecting a LOT more.
,Not Recommended,281690,33779527,Posted: 24 July,all,Anne,"I really, really wanted to like this game, both as a Korra fan and as a gamer. But it somehow manages to be pretty bad in both categories: it's distinctly unimpressive as a part of the franchise AND as a game.On a Korra level, it has little (read: none) of the charm and compelling storyline that characterizes the show, and its story is, frankly incoherent (e.g.: Korra loses her bending! Not in either of the two ways that have been established in-universe as being able to do that, but from... needles!) where it doesn't flatly contradict established canon (suffice to say that, if this was a fanfic, the idea of Equalist chi-blockers and the Triple Threats teaming up to take down the Avatar would be implausible enough to make me stop reading unless there was some SERIOUSLY good development of a solid in-universe reason (""she's strong and she beat both of us"" does not count when the entire POINT of the Equalist movement was to destroy people exactly like the triads)).Ahem.As a beat-em-up, it's not actually awful (caveat: I haven't played too many beat-em-ups, so take my opinion with a small grain of salt), but the controls (especially the camera controls, or more precisely the lack of meaningful camera controls) are often non-intuitive and clunky. (Nota bene: the game does recommend using a gamepad, which I don't have, so this part is really a review of the keyboard-and-mouse gameplay.) Some attacks are difficult to pull off properly out of all proportion to their effectiveness, including the very basic block. More importantly, though, combat and other elements of gameplay are extremely repetitive (particularly the Naga-riding sequences, which often make little or no sense), and much of the game is just fighting the same small number of slightly-varied enemies; it does NOT help that the game's way of countering the player's mobility advantage is to spam bolas attacks that will leave you frantically mashing WASD for sizable portions of almost any battle unless you get very, very good at dodging attacks that, due to the aforementioned camera control issues, you may have no way of actually seeing coming.As I said at the start of this review, I genuinely wanted to like this game. A Korra game, well-written and well-executed, could be very good indeed. But between lackluster gameplay, a story that could have been substantially improved by getting any of a hundred fanfic writers on AO3 to write it instead and tie it properly to the series canon, and the total lack of Asami Sato*... this is not that game. Not recommended.*Well, *I* think this is a major problem with the game, anyway. Your mileage may vary, depending pretty much entirely on who you ship with whom."
76561198146755870,Recommended,281690,33643982,Posted: 18 July,all,Imageknight,"The Legend of Korra is a really fun game, if your a Korra fan. If your not a Korra fan, then this isnt the game for you."
,Recommended,281690,33643864,Posted: 18 July,all,Spoonerrific,"I think this game unfairly got a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥it didn't deserve. I've purchased the game twice (once here and once on PS4) and I can say I don't regret it. I don't have much time on here because there aren't trophies to hunt here (hway hway hwayyy) but that doesn't mean it's any worse of an experience.Here's the skinny; the game is well worth the current price of $15. The story isn't super long, but the combat has just the right amount of depth that it (to me) is accessible to the average player, but can get intense for those more experienced in the beat 'em up genre... At least for a little while. The major downfall of this game IS its length, but it's pretty cheap, has solid combat, and is a fairly easy Plat on PS4. Support your boys and girls at Platinum - they deserve it lol"
,Recommended,281690,13735117,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AvatarAzing,"Fantatsic Game for anyone who loves the show.the only things I could say that the game needs is maybe a free rome section where you able to meet other benders or justexplore the world of Korra a bit more.Other than that amazing game, levels were fun and bending was Wicked to say the lest"
76561198045991930,Recommended,281690,29311103,Posted: 16 January,all,CrazySlick,good game
,Recommended,281690,27930085,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SoG™,BEST GAME EVER...HA HA HA
,Recommended,281690,35140883,Posted: 22 September,all,SirrBurr,"amazing game onyl con is no online pro bending, best avatar game ever in terms of mechs, flows so nice from one bending to another"
76561198090026169,Not Recommended,281690,16936571,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,JaS V,"Game is lame, just a regular beat em up. Very repetitive gameplay, and offer nothing new. Skip it, too bad the game doesn't live up to the  series."
,Recommended,281690,21040803,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,「Zaythox」,Cool kids
,Recommended,281690,34338299,Posted: 18 August,all,Archer,This kid's game kicked my adult♥♥♥♥♥ Definitely worth buying if on sale.I like the art style and the simplicity of gameplay. Don't expect to be playing much more than 5 hours if you're only here for the story.
,Recommended,281690,34321956,Posted: 17 August,all,Please Dont Join Nearby,"You get to punch things as Korra, what more could you want?"
76561198133861373,Recommended,281690,34724194,Posted: 3 September,all,meeeeee500,Good amount of distraction for the price
