user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011177390,Recommended,281990,34437980,Posted: 23 August,all,Panes,"I started off as a bird species on the far edge of the galaxy. Their average lifespan was around 60 years, but they made every year count. They were obsessed with technology, already building their first robots before they had even left their world. Unfortunately, they were immediately boxed in by empires that had emerged into FTL travel far before they had.Their dreams of expanding into distant worlds was immediately and brutally crushed, after their first colony was bombarded into oblivion during in an ill-fated first-contact. Instead of expanding into planets, my people instead built habitats around dead worlds, watching with envious eyes as their hyper-religious neighbours claimed lush, verdant planets.They waiting, watching their old sicken and die, wracked by disease and genetic weakness, while the incredibly long-lived religious neighbours often made it to ages such as 110. Their neigbours scoffed, those Emperors of the Divine. They knew those foolishly materialistic birds could not possibly understand their true purpose in the unvierse. God was on the side of those who hated materialists, after all.Humiliation after humilitation followed, where my people were used in foreign wars, had their new colonies taken away from them, brave colonists literally eaten as delicacies in certain worlds. The bird's hearts gradually hardened, and they began to view aliens with the contempt they so richly deserved.The hatred grew, and the people grew stronger from it. One day, a neighbouring empire, a race of disgusting fungoids, had their fleet annihilated in a short-lived war with an impossibly-powerful ancient empire. Quickly taking advantage of their weakened status, my people quickly turned them into tributaries. The bounty of materials allowed a new phase of expansion for my people, and we colonized 3 new planets.Suddenly, they had become a Great Power in their local area. The religious kings nearby, now the undisputed superpower of the galaxy, continued to ignore them. After all, they were but a gnat in comparison to the territorial holdings of the great Empire. They were soon proven wrong, as in a few short years a massive construction of habitats was implemented across my people's nation. Billions of souls now rested in space, enough to even match the population and might of the Divine Empire.My people continued to advance, their knowledge of cybernetics second to none. Soon, they had a breakthrough: implants could increase their efficiency to the point where they would become the superpower. After a brief teething period, it was done. Every man, woman and child was equipped with the implants. The Divine Empire was horrified, quickly declaring an unprovoked war. But this was not the same bird people as before.Now, their vengeance was at hand. They crushed the forces of the False Emperor, casting him down, and taking his holdings for themselves. The long-lived creatures were quickly enslaved, forced to watch their once great empire collpasing into feuding chiefdoms. Soon, the bird race began to challenge even the ancient empires, building Ringworlds, Dyson Spheres, and even an sensory array that let them see the entire galaxy. Furthermore, they discovered a way to store their minds into an immortal body of steel.This would not stand, the ancient empires decided, immediately declaring war on the innocent birds. Once again, they were quickly crushed, thousand-year old empires grinded into the dust of history. Now, there were only the birds, mechanical gods of the galaxy, encased in empty, undying shells. Every other race was dead, killed in revenge for their cruelty, and their arrogance. A foreign invader came, a biological hivemind from another galaxy. They too, were quickly crushed, and their worlds burned into ashes.The gods built a ringworld at the centre of the galaxy, to remind those fledgling races, just coming into space travel, of the folly of those who came before, then retreated back the edge of the galaxy, content to explore the mysteries of the universe within their massive ringworlds. Time would only tell if the newer races will make the same mistake.tl;dr: Get this game, the stories you create will make you addicted. Please send help."
,Recommended,281990,22902603,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Holy Twig,"Edit: As of writing this review, I have 20 hours logged in Stellaris.  Stellaris has been out for 29 hours.This is the story of those 20 hours.My friends and I all arranged to play stellaris together on release.  I didn't know what to play until I remembered that happiness is a core game mechanic - unhappy people rebel, happy people don't.  I don't want rebellions, those make people even more unhappy.  If I took ""Spiritualist,"" I'd get a nice 5% bonus to happiness.  Even better, if I grabbed ""Fanatic Spiritualist"" I'd get a whopping 10% bonus to happiness and wouldn't have to worry about rebellions ever.It wasn't deep enough.I found the communal trait, which adds +5% happiness, and the charismatic trait, which gives everyone on a planet a +1% happiness bonus for every member of my race on that same planet.I had to go deeperI found out that by balancing my racial attributes, national ethics, and even my form of government, I was able to get a total +25% boost to my happiness.  I ended up as a fanatically spiritual, pacifistic race of charming people who just like getting along with everyone.  To top it off, I found the most fitting racial portrait - a classic grey alien, the kind you see in all of those old movies and tv clips about ""Alien abductions.""  Classic grays, but with a big, doofy grin slapped permanently across their faces.My friends all started on the opposite side of the galaxy from me, so I was stuck surrounded in a sea of AI.  It didn't matter what I did, my people remained happy.  I manipulated my neighbors and pitted them against each other for my own gain.  I created a superalliance with my angry fungus neighbors and invaded the birds who were restricting my movement, distributing them across my empire while stripping away their power and influence even on their homeworld.  I shipped them across my empire, balancing them with my own grinning populace across the empire - we live on the same kind of world, after all.And we were all so, so happy.But we needed more friends.So I found some primitives, who hadn't achieved spaceflight yet.  I set up a research post and began lightly observing them.  Then, of course, I began the process of bringing them up to speed with the rest of the galactic community.I then genetically modified the boars to be just as happy as we are.  This is where this game is, now:  My friends are politicking on the other side of the galaxy, making and breaking alliances in power struggles that send ripples far enough that I've seen their effects over in my corner of the galaxy, where I've spent my time well:  genetically modifying the subjugated aliens of my empire to be happy, just like us.Thanks to this game, I have been awake for 40 hours and it's finals week.And I have no regrets.Update from 5/11:I managed to explore around an unexplored chunk of the outer rim, finding several of my friends.  Meanwhile, I enlightened 2 more species and was working on a 3rd when we saved and quit.  They were fully integrated into my empire very quickly but we only bothered to modify one of them, as the other was naturally happy.My alliance with the angry fungus was expanded with the addition of my super-xenophile cat-neighbors.  Fully 1/3 of the galaxy's cat-people population quickly migrated to my planets and set out being so productive and so happy as a result of being surrounded by my people that engineering them would actually be a waste of resources.The Alien loving cats, the angry fungus, and I all immediately set about molding our corner of the galaxy's nations to mirror our own by invading them and ""liberating"" all of their planets under new governments we set up to be more sympathetic to our ethics.The entire time my friends were wailing, moaning, and there was much gnashing of teeth as they were slowly ground down by a non-player Empire that was consistently thrashing their armies until, after 15 years of war, they managed to research better shield systems to counter their powerful lasers and turn the tide of the war and secure them a white peace.My friend Joe wasn't so lucky and couldn't secure an alliance with the rest of my friends on their side of the galaxy before the same non-player empire declared war on Joe, took one planet, liberated another under its own new government, and vassalized him.That's when we saved and quit until next time:In summary:I'm slowly increasing in power and enlightening more races into blissful happiness as my friends are at constantly at war and Joe is getting vassalized by non-player empires."
,Recommended,281990,34851292,Posted: 9 September,all,Captain_Marine☢,-Get game-Make Space Turtle republic-Start colonizing-Discover non-turtles next door-Befriend non-turtles-Get enclosed by other empires-Develop mines and colonize all the planets in my territory-Get rich and have a ton of minerals and energy credits-Use minerals and energy to become a massive bank-Watch as the galaxy goes to war-No one declares war on me10/10 would be Space Switzerland again.
,Recommended,281990,31284339,Posted: 21 April,all,Captain Ulizio,"I decided that my first Stellaris playthough would be on Ironman mode, with no prior knowledge of the game whatsoever. What follows is three of the most interesting points in a campaign that has thus far spanned 180 years.Background:I named my empire ""The Galactic Empire"" and began the game as a militarist, materialist, and authoritarian.The Celimy Conflict:Early on, around the 50 year mark, I encounter a species of strange, fungal creatures. They call themselves the ""Celimy States"". They are fanatic spiritualists and pacifists. Fools.After a series of insults and the declaration of a rivalry, the Celimy declare war on me.My navy, christened the ""Grand Imperial Navy"", departs the Coruscant System to engage the Celimy ""Mycelium Carriers"", as they called themselves.A short time later, the Imperial Navy reaches the Celimy home system.Imperial transports land armies on their capital.The takeover is rapid, and at the end of the war the Celimy States has splintered into 3 separate nations: The Celimy Hegemony, the Celimy Confederacy and the Celimy Associates.Later on, the Associates would become my vassal. The Confederacy was a long standing enemy.The Galactic Civil War:Around 120 years in, the galaxy is almost fully filled with about 20 separate empires, and two distinct sides begin to form.On one side is myself and a federation called the ""Stellar Entente"", along with various other small empires.The other side is comprised of a vast array of small nations, led by the ""Karabnar Nations"".War breaks out, with the Karabnar declaring war on the Galactic Empire.I now have 3 fleets: The Star Corps, the Shock Battalion, and the Grand Imperial Navy. The Star Corps and Shock Battalion are relatively small shock forces, whereas the Grand Imperial Navy is my main force.A massive space battle in the Ocheron system involves over 1000 ships, with almost every known nation being present.The battle (which was beautiful to watch) was relatively even until the arrival of the Star Corps and Shock Battalion, who tipped the balance with fresh ships.The combined fleet of myself and my allies (yes, the AI is THAT good) eventually reaches Karab, the Karabnar Nations capital, and takes the system with the help of two Titanic Beasts recruited from the outer systems of the Empire.On the verge of victory, I am notified that a massive fleet is currently in orbit over Coruscant.Sent by the Hjaarthi Syndicate, one of our enemies, the fleet is in position to take our homeworld.My own fleets cannot reach Coruscant in time. All seems lost.A mere few days before Coruscant's fortifications would've failed, a fleet from one of my allies, the Verulian Compact, comes out of hyperspace above Coruscant and annihlates the enemy fleet.The Karabnar Nation and their allies surrender, and the war is won.The Fallen Empire (150 years in):A fallen empire (which is a fully developed but stagnant state) exists above me. They call themselves the Yz'Vorak Remnant (which I shortened to Y Remnant).They are military isolationists, and hate my empire with a special intensity.They insult mea and shortly afterwards declare war on my empire. This sort of war is usually a death sentence, so I move large numbers of people away from the Frontier and prepare to submit.At this point I've got 3 vassals. All are weak, but they are extremely loyal.The vassals join me in the war.All 3 of my fleets meet above Coruscant, along with Transports for my Droid Army (Irony, much)I deploy my entire military to the Jahab system, where we meet the Fallen Empire's forces.Their ships are unlike anything we've ever seen, and are incredibly powerful.We are losing the battle. Things are not looking good.Suddenly, out of hyperspace, come 3 fleets; my 3 vassals have brought everything they have to assist the effort.With their help, we drive back the Fallen Empire forces.Fastforward about 3 years.Through intense naval strategy and economic strain, Imperial forces have out matched the Y Remnant's fleet.The Grand Imperial Navy and the fleets of my vassals orbit above their capital: The Core.I don't have enough strength left to invade their planets, so I offer them a white peace.Fallen Empires cannot build new fleets, so this seemed logical enough.I recieve a notification:""Peace Accords on Coruscant""While signing the peace accords on Coruscant, two V Remnant agents who were standing next to the Emperor (of the Galactic Empire) killed him and mutilated his body.Furious, the Imperial Navy and the combined fleets of all of the Empire's vassals and allies immediately attack the Y Remnant Capital.Out of nowhere, a massive army from the Fallen Empire comes out of hyperspace over The Core (I still am not entirely sure where this army actually came from).In the epic battle that ensues, the Grand Imperial Navy defeats and destroys the Y Remnant's fleet, allowing the ground invasion of The Core to take place.With The Core fallen, the Fallen Empire cowers and begs for peace.The Y Remnant is annexed by the Galactic Empire.Peace reigns across the galaxy.Around 20 years later...Subspace energy surges indicate something we have not encountered before. A new being from out of our dimension makes contact. Their signal is not unlike a hunting call.....BY POPULAR REQUEST, AN UPDATE:Their name is the Unbidden and they make an immediate point.A transmission appears on my screen, depicting some kind of strange, ethereal being.They say something about prey and then the transmission cuts out.The Unbidden fleet is marked by science ship in the bottom part of the galaxy, below myself and the ""Qix'Lufran Combine"".The Qix'Lufran are isolationist authoritarians, but decide to deploy their entire fleet, the sole largest fleet in the galaxy, to immediately engage this extraterrestrial threat.The Qix'Lufran fleet reaches the Unbidden's position, and is utterly destroyed.This shocks the entire galaxy.Interestingly enough, these ""Unbidden"" would remain effectively dormant in their small region at the bottom of the galaxy. Not sure if it was because of the Fallen Empire bordering them, or simply because they were waiting for reinforcements. Either way, the Unbidden hold their position for the time being.The Great Intergalactic War:The Galactic Empire has become the most powerful and largest state in the galaxy. Above us, the ""Hjannarthi Syndicate"" exists, which nearly equals my own power. To our left is the ""Stellar Entente"" federation. To the right is the Njalax High Kingdom, and the Uriy Republic. Below us, the Zuifvan Imperium, the Qix'Lufran, and the Unbidden.Although there is a period of peace, there is great unrest in the galaxy.The Qix'Lufran and Njalax grow closer and closer every year.Eventually, they declare a defensive pact and close their borders to myself, the Stellar Entente and the Hjannarthi Syndicate.Their combined power rivals my own; they are dangerous.They undergo a combined massive military buildup, and begin to become increasingly aggressive.In mid july of 2412 (212 years in) the tensions boil over. The Njalax and the Qix'Lufran declare war on the Galactic Empire, the Hjannarthi, and the Stellar Entente.The galaxy is divided.A line is drawn essentially down the middle of the galaxy, dividing the left(Qix'Lufran and Njalax) from the right(Galactic Empire and Allies).I issue an immediate order to deploy the fleet. The long dormant Grand Imperial Navy assembles over Coruscant.Admiral Cognat leads the navy.My ever-reliable vassals send everything they have to join the Imperial Navy. I love those guys.The Stellar Entente's federation fleet strikes first. They use their wormhole stations to attack directly at the heart of the Njalax.My own fleet reaches the Qix'Lufran capital with relative ease, meeting almost no resistance.We confront a vastly outmatched Qix'Lufran force of 2 battleships and 18 corvettes.MAX REV LENGTHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/cugein"
,Recommended,281990,32867990,Posted: 27 June,all,CAESAR,"I believe this is the definitive science fiction game for those who enjoy the 4x genre, as it provides infinite freedom, to a reasonable extent, in customizing a stellar empire and its policies. Although the gameplay sometimes lags behind progress indicators, especially in the mid-game, the combination of numerous, well-implemented mechanics driving everything from war, infrastructure, research, exploration, colonization, and everything in between serve to continually engage the player in all aspects of celestial governance. The game possesses boundless replay value, as every different policy, ethic, travel mode, weapon, or starting location forces the player in an alternative path to victory than the previous game, forcing the tough, grueling decision between investing in economy or military. I definitely advise purchasing both the base game and the Utopia expansion, as Utopia retools the ""culture"" tree in this game to add ascension perks, similar to the ideology perks in Civilization, that add end-game bonuses and ascension paths for your people. Regardless of your intent to make a materialist, roboticist, scientific directorate or a militarist, psionic, spiritualist empire, Stellaris is the 4x game for the science-fiction inclined."
,Recommended,281990,23251846,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Saint Ravage,"185+ Hours and 3 full campaigns in and I finally feels like I can review Stellaris objectively.Stellaris is a 4x grand strategy game from Paradox. So I kind of expected a Civilization in space kind of game (Like Galactic Civilization 3) which isn't a bad thing since I love 4x games. But what I got was something different; a 4x, grand strategy, customizable, nearly open-ended RPG. And that is where this game sets itself apart from all others in the 4x field.Campaign 1 – Since everything was new I tried to chose things familiar; Humans, warp drive, materialist, individualist, etc... While I found myself at odds with the influence and sector mechanics I was able to build a nice little empire with several allies in a federation. Eventually building myself up to a real economic and military power. With the help of my federation friends we were able to stop aggressive neighbors, over-throw a fallen empire and beat back interdimensional invaders. More than once I found myself wishing for more victory conditions, and when I started feeling like it was getting a little stale I pumped out a crap-ton of colony ships to meet the domination victory condition (owning 40% of habitable planets). All in all a good run.Campaign 2 – Within 5 years I had encountered a Fallen Empire and they hated me from the beginning, instantly declaring war, which I immediately had to surrender. A couple of years later I met ANOTHER Fallen Empire and THEY hated me. I was playing peaceful, scientist, cat people... Maybe everyone was allergic because everyone, even regular empires, kept insulting me, threatening me, and declaring war on me until I was finally curb-stomped into a chunky red paste. What did I learn from my violent and abusive loss? Better influence and sector management techniques.Campaign 3 – Military Dictatorship using wormhole generators to move. What a difference a little experience makes! Never once during this campaign did I find myself struggling with the influence mechanic and working with the oddities of the sector mechanic have become rather easy. Fallen empires treat me as a child in need of patience, enemies avoided my vast fleets and my economic power was unmatched. When one of my rivals triggered a galactic wide robot uprising, all I needed to do was put all my robot populations to death and outlaw AI. Easy peasy! Later when I stumbled across the robot capital world I invaded with a genetically engineered xeno army, killed all the robots, and had  a beautiful Gaia world all to myself. Of course I had no friends, allies, trading partners, or anything else. Sadly, I started getting a little bored so I again jumped to a domination victory.Currently Stellaris is the tale of three games:Early game – Brilliantly fun and engaging! Lots of events that change depending on your pre-game choices, lots of 4x fun, and lots of role playing make the early game really enjoyable and re-playable.Mid game – Lots of repetitive management is required with not a lot of new game content occurring. Being a warmonger can certainly spice this part up but that may not be everyone's cup of tea.Late game – Some very interesting galaxy wide events/disasters occur and the rise and fall of some of your neighbors keeps some interest. However, the lack of more victory conditions does make things drag a bit.Overall I love, LOVE, this game. Does it need more victory conditions? Yes. Does it need more mid game events? Yes. Does it need better tool tips? Yes. Are wormhole generators the greatest thing ever? Yes!One final thing to keep in mind is that the Clarke patch is about to release which will fix a lot of the sector issues and questionable AI decisions. And the future Asimov patch will address the mid game issues. Which means that things are going to keep getting better so I highly recommend this game to everyone.Edited to Add:Wow! The Clarke patch hit and what a change!Midway through my fourth campaign and suddenly, after load, the sectors started actually producing, science costs reduced slightly, fighter and bomber groups became wildly effective, federation partners began fighting their own battles (a bit), other empires asked for (and offered) safe passage through their space, diplomatic requests began to pour in, enemy AI combat decisions became much smarter, and all the frontier outposts I had been hiding in sectors to avoid influence costs grabbed me by the scruff of the neck, bent me over a log, and yelled “squeal like a pig!”What a massive improvement!The future Asimov patch is still needed for mid game content, but if you were waiting to buy Stellaris, well wait no more. It is even better now."
76561198114795217,Recommended,281990,22887924,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Squidward Tortellini,">Begin game as Grey-looking reptile people>Fanatic Materialist/Xenophiles>Begin spreading across my side of the galaxy>Eventually find primitive turtle people>Set up observation post and generally forget about them>Encounter bug people>Bug people are incredibly aggressive and have a lot of guns>Not as advanced as me but have 5 times as many ships as I do>They want my outer colonies>""♥♥♥♥ you, get your own"">They don't like being told ""♥♥♥♥ you, get your own"" and proceed to overrun my colonies>Realize I'm heavily boned unless I get more help>Remember turtle people, lightbulb.jpg>Uplift entire race and make them my vassal>Tell them to ""BEAT THOSE ♥♥♥♥ERS TO DEATH!"">""duh...ok boss"">Turtle men have terrible ship power, but are completely awesome in ground assaults>Use my ships to guard them as they lay waste to the bug people>Eventually take my colonies back, and then I bring the fight to the bug people>""Please stop this! W-w-we didn't mean it!"">""Nope, you started this fight, and I'm going to end it"">Use combined forces of me and my turtle people to completely wipe out the bugs>Every other race is disgusted with my actions, but I'm content>Use resources from bug people to create a mighty galactic empire>Turtle people given some worlds too>""Duh, boss turtle people want more worlds"">""Here, let me show you the amount of ♥♥♥♥s I give, see? It's a zero"">Turtle people rebel>This time have giant armada and resources from bug people>Completely genocide the turtle people>MFW I realize I just re-enacted the Rachni Wars"
,Recommended,281990,25731540,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Viper123_SWE,"> Begin my quest for galactic domination.> Survey all of the neighbouring systems.> Find sentient birdpeople.> They just entered the industrial age.> Send my best general and three armies to welcome them to the Xuroth Empire.> Birdpeople did not like it when my army landed.> Armed with crude firearms they form an army of their own and rebel.> My own forces are armed with exoskeletons and high-tech weapons.> Their forces gets completely wiped out.> After assuming control of their planet, I begin remodelling their infrastructure.> Primitive farms and mines and replaced with high-tech, efficient, garden domes and semi-automated mining complexes.> Birdpeople prefer to play in the mud.> Forms separatist party.> Begins to strike.> I try to bribe their leaders to calm them down.> Not working.> Recruit birdpeople for the defense forces in hope of giving them some higher morale.> Nope.> Build an administrational building so they function as a united people rather than separated nations.> No.> I decided that a lengthy military campaign wasn't going to work.> Pack up my military force, send them home.> Birdpeople become vassals to my empire.> Shed a tear as they launch their first ship.> Second galactic empire shows up from out of the blue and calls me a d*ckhead for not having Jesus in my life.> Declares war.> Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥> Lengthy conflict. My people resort to guerilla tactics on the ground.> Fleet divided, forced to do hit & run-attacks.> They reach my homeworld and send down a gazillion religious lizard zealots.> Entire empire in ruins.> Birdpeople still live.> Not even mad.> 10/10"
,Recommended,281990,26465617,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Futushia,"This is how my multiplayer went with some friendsI started as a Militarist/Materialist/Collectivist Squid people of the Valroran Science Directorate.My two allies were the UN (Filthy humans) and the Akkadian people (Some Fungaloids).We started at the top left corner of the galaxy, we're an organized group so this was going to be a federation victory anyway. To our immediate south was a fallen empire, Fanatic Xenophobes... great. Between our 3 allied factions were a faction of horrible Insectoid people called the Vir, they were an upstart empire that had huge chunks of territory, they were an IMMEDIATE THREAT, they were Fanatic Xenophobes, Militarist, and on top of all that, they were also strong and rapid breeders. The Humans started off as the weakest of the 3 allied empires, with the Valrorans and Akkadians as the two dominant powers.Our first task was to cause chaos to our neighboring empires, invade them and liberate the new worlds under our names so they adopt our ethos and love us, it was a huge success thanks to the Akkadian Empire's massive ground armies. The entire top left of the galaxy was soon a cookie crumb of small civilizations that hated each other except for their saviors. Our next task was to destabilize the Vir roaches. It was a lengthy campaign which costed tens of thousands of lives, it took almost 60 years to break up the Vir roach empire into little vassals, even after their downfall the Vir roaches were almost impossible to deal with, being fanatic xenophobes the Vir people were almost impossible to intergrate properly into the Valroran empire without rebellious factions popping up.My empire had conquered and enslaved several primitive planets at first (Middle ages, space age civs) and adding stellar empire races into my list of slaves was starting to feel like a burden, so I immediately opted to first regulate slavery for better working conditions, then ban slavery all together.BAD IDEA. Not only were these ungrateful lesser races not happy with being emancipated, they also started forming more rebel factions faster than ever. After 10 years since I passed the law to ban slavery, I immediately reinstated it (Xenos only of course). The next 20-30 years my allies were helping me fight off rebel wars happening in my territory.Suddenly, the fallen empire to our south awakens, we almost break our economies just to field a fleet large enough to fight the greatest threat in the galaxy so far. The Valroran fleet warps in first taking the brunt of the hit, then the Akkadians and finally the Human fleet. The battle was tense, the Valroran fleet was wiped out in the first battle against the 50k fleet power Fallen Empire. We thought we had won, we suffered extremely heavy casualties, suddenly the Fallen Empire's second fleet warps in, 60k fleet power. During the battle, the Akkadian fleet suffered extremely heavy losses, losing the entire fleet in the process, but somehow the Human fleet pulled off the impossible and destroyed the remaining Fallen empire fleet with less than half its fleet power. Now the Human Empire became the strongest force in the galaxy, with the strongest lead in technology and economy, as well as fielding the most powerful ships. The Valroran owned the most planets, the Humans had the strongest tech and economy, the Akkadians had the largest and most professional ground army in the galaxy.Skipping ahead, the Fallen empire to the south was completely eradicated with technology we stole from them and a much larger overall fleet size. Not even the scourge threat were a match for our combined fleets.During peacetime, my Human ally asks me if I could purge a planet for them from the annexed fallen empire systems. (The Human empire had a strict no slavery no purging policy). They send me control over the planet temporarily, I start purging the inhabitants of the planet and pass control back to the Humans. The Valroran Empire now deals in slavery and purging services for a nominal fee, the biggest customer is the Human Democratic Utopia.Our game isn't done yet, butTL;DR: My empire has now devolved into an empire that deals in black market services such as installing slave processing plants, purging races and exporting slaves."
,Recommended,281990,31049711,Posted: 9 April,all,Zyddie,"I`m 313 hours into Stellaris.  I haven´t completed it, but I believe I can give a pretty good impression of the game.This review includes ALL the DLCs, up to and including Utopia.Stellaris is one of those unique games where random♥♥♥♥♥♥happens so often that one game can feel like several new playthroughs. Over 300 hours into the game, I still often find brand new things happening  in single player and multiplayer modes.You start with a single planet and a few people.  From there, you go off to take over the universe. You will encounter everything from space dragons, horrors of the void and pirates that will try to kill you. For that matter, half of the universe will also attempt to kill or devour you. The rest wanna make friends or simply breed you out of history.Going into Stellaris, it is important to know that this is NOT a game you will finish in a day or a week.  It's a game where you should take your time and really learn and understand what is going on. It´s a game where every choice you make for your population affects the outcome of the game.Reasearch, building, military and social aspects of your population are by your command. There are a million tools to reach your goal, so you get to pick whatever you want.You wanna be a insane warmonger ? Sure, go ahead,You wanna be a spiritual leader who believes in peace ? Sure, go ahead.You wanna be the most tech-savvy scientist and have every population below you ? Sure, go ahead.You wish to enslave the entire world and feel like a king with slaves ? Sure, go ahead.You wanna be a complete asshat and purge people who disagree with you ? Sure, go ahead.Stellaris lets you truly customize according to your whims and rule the universe as you like, which is great.Design your own race, from appearance to values.Design your own ships, with weapons, shields, and FTL drives.Design your own planets with terraforming and much more.Gameplay and graphics are amazing, complemented by a soundtrack that promotes relaxation on your journey into space.Stellaris is strongly recommended for people who love complex, long-running GRTS games."
76561198026912003,Recommended,281990,22996179,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Neru,-Play as a Reptile race-Find Earth near my starting position-Build observation post-infiltrate human goverment-annex them10/10 for realism
76561198079539231,Not Recommended,281990,22946257,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Get,"I went back and forth on whether to give Stellaris a thumbs up or down. I really like Paradox Games: I've played a lot of Crusader Kings 2, which I think is incredible, and I pre-ordered Stellaris wanting it to be really good. Knowing Paradox's history with CK2 and extensive DLC support, I think Stellaris in a couple year's time is going to be amazing. At present, with fanboy goggles off, I think IGN's review has it spot-on. The game has a lot of great ideas mixed up with weak execution. Considering the amount of hype and sales it's already got, I doubt my single bad review is going to tank this game, so I'm putting this here for the devs to hear some of the things that can be worked on.My experience: The AI was so passive and my empire was so stable in the mid-game, I literally just sat and built battleships for lack of anything to do, and then when the [redacted] came, my 160k death-stack pew-pewed them into oblivion. I then sat and let the game run, and I now have almost every single tech. I'm not sure what's left to do.  I've stopped my playthrough because...I don't really want to go through the chore of conquering every other empire and there isn't really anything else to do.The biggest problems in my mind are two-fold and related: a lack of mid-game goals, and a lack of meaningful ways to interact with the world at large.Crusader Kings 2 was fantastic because it tied all its game mechanics together with people with deep traits and interactions you could interact with in multiple ways. It also kept empires from becoming stale because any CK2 player will tell you the biggest challenge with empires isn't conquering people, it's keeping everything together when your leader dies and every single up-start vassal wants to rebel. Stellaris doesn't really have this: leaders lack personality and pops don't have the same impact on gameplay. In all my time as a slaving Penguin Empire, I never saw a rebellion or significant unrest. This makes the mid and late game very static: you don't have reactive goals like 'Murder the upstart Duke of Lombardy' in CK2, and it's made worse by a simple, standard 4x diplomacy and war system, so you rarely feel compelled to interact with the empires around you.Additionally, Stellaris currently lacks tools to meaningfully solve problems. In CK2, dealing with eg, a useless heir was fun. Do I make him take religious orders? Marry him off to a foreign empire? Straight up murder him? Get him killed in a war? Stellaris comes close with some of the tools to interact with your alien pops, like slavery, gene modification, resettlement and edicts, but the way the game is set up right now alien populations aren't really a challenge: they don't rebel, or make significant demands for independence, or try to change your policies. So...you end up gene-modding them when you're bored, or when you lack things to do. Worse, and this is a big misstep, to deal with actual dissent the game just makes you pay some resources to make a 'Dissatisfaction' bar go down. Considering how well CK2 implemented rebellious vassals, this isn't really a good design decision.PROs:- Great empire designer- Engaging early-game, with exploration and anomalies- Lots of room to be expanded on- Genetically modify rebellious citizens- Meddle with primitive races- End-game crisesCONs:- War is really, really tedious- Lack of interesting ways to interact with other empires- No real threat of rebellion from leaders/alien pops- Framerate drops at mid-game makes the game more of a slog- Creating sectors isn't as fun as having vassals in CK2EDIT: Welp, the Paradox devs have talked about how their mid-game content was cut last minute before release and they'll be adding it back at the end of June, plus bug fixes and changes to Sector AI so check back then with Stellaris if you're on the fencehttps://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/05/16/stellaris-patch-1-1-content-plans/"
76561198106440587,Recommended,281990,23882663,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Walleyedwinter,"-Started my empire as ruthless iron fist human commander.-Conquer my way into the galaxy wiping out from existance all civilizations that were introduced to me with the ""♥♥♥♥ you, we are superior to your pathetic civilization, but maybe we can trade with what little you have, ♥♥♥♥ing peasant"" intro dialogue.-Just finishing my most recent campaign against the reptilian ""you can´t cross our borders unless you pay us, ♥♥♥♥ing peasant"" empire. When i found a primitive civilization that look like.... ¿turtles?.-So i decide to protect it and share all my knowledge with them making them my space pets.... i mean..... ""vassals"" yeah that.-The turtle empire joins the galactic space races and starts to investigate AI tech and starts creating synths to do the hard work for them because turtles are lazy apparently..-The AI gains conscience realizes that it's working for a civilization of lazy turtles and starts a rebellion.-All synths across the galaxy start killing all organic life forms.-WHAT THE HELL, THE SYNTHS ARE WIPING OUT THE WHOLE GALAXY.-I manage to destroy all synths within the turtle empire, the other civilizations weren't so lucky.-The synths aka terminators change course to the turtle homeworld and starts destroying their worlds.-IF SOMEONE IS GOING TO KILL MY TURTLES ITS GONNA BE ME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.-I charge with all my ships and troops against the synths.-I get ♥♥♥♥ed by the synths and they start attacking my worlds leaving my turtles alone.-I´m seconds from losing the game when my turtles charge against the synth fleet.-The turtles buy me some time to rebuild my defenses but get wiped out in the process.-The synths finish destroying all the other strong empires and start attacking me again.-I built a time machine in my imagination.-travel back in time aka reloaded save many years back when I just found the turtle civilization.-Exterminate them so they cannot build the synths that will destroy the Galaxy.-Moved 1 turtle population to my home system because I'm an emotional guy, before destroying the last turtle population.-I will always remember you space turtles.10/10 would save the galaxy by destroying my friends again."
76561198081539807,Recommended,281990,30484942,Posted: 12 March,all,ahiromu,"Things to consider:- Are you ready to dedicate hours to learning about the mechanics? This is almost a con, but some may enjoy it (I do).- You WILL get screwed by RNG. Events will randomly happen, MTTH (mean time to happen). I got so strong that I woke up a fallen empire, then had some extradimensional aliens spawn in my backyard. Additionally, no tech trees. Your tech possibilities are randomly populated after each research.- Quite buggy for a year old game. Graphical glitches were normal, sometimes menus wouldn't open. With that said, I can't remember one thing that ruined my game.Within 100 hours of buying this game, I have 64 hours in game and worked 16 of those. Super addictive, micromanager's dream."
,Recommended,281990,30932574,Posted: 3 April,all,Funk Biscuit,What I always wanted the Spore Space Stage to be like....
,Recommended,281990,22890965,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DrewTheNomad,"I just conquered a planet full of weird snail people who hate everyone after they revolted from my empire 20 years ago. I enslaved them all, installed a governor of my kind, and forbid them to reproduce. Then I landed a massive army on the planet to make sure they stay in line. Now I'll just work them till their dead and install my own species on the planet. This is the greatest game ever."
76561198043005851,Recommended,281990,34396090,Posted: 21 August,all,Ethanchains,"Born too late to explore the world, born too early to explore the galaxy, born just in time to play this game."
,Recommended,281990,22884458,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Korhal,"This game features very extended diplomacy and economical aspects whilst building up your empire.Pros- Dynamic- No playthrough is the same (based upon Multiplayer experience though)- A lot of events so you will hardly encounter the same twice in a game (except for some starting events it seems)- AI is pretty good, though can sometimes be a bit passive.- Epic battles between fleets- Hot Joining in Multiplayer games- Being able to Host a savegame (I don't say do this everytime, but I like the option)Cons- You may be a little overwhelmed at first. There are a lot of options and it may take a short time to get to know them."
,Recommended,281990,22907392,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The_Strifist,"To keep it simple-Pros:+ Brilliant early game, with twists, turns and several unique bits of writing and discovery. It becomes quickly apparent that a lot of love and dedication was put into this title.+ Pacing. Never feels too fast/slow, except for endgame, which I shall be getting to.+ GUI is simple, uncluttered and thematically amazing, rare in strategy games nowadays.+ Beautiful OST.+ Choice of traits and governments is pretty damn fun - especially when playing Space Hitler/Space Jesus.+ MOD SUPPORT 11/10.+ Just buy it, man.Cons:- While I have been fanboying over this title for a while and have absolutely fallen in love with it, there's no denying that the pace of your gameplay will slow down towards the late stages, which is expected. I trust mods and Paradox to fix this issue quickly though.- You will never know sleep ever again.Just to show you how addicting this is, I happened to purchase Dark Souls III at the exact same time as I preordered this - between watching Let's Plays and playing the game itself, I haven't even started my installation of DS3 yet. And I don't plan to either."
,Recommended,281990,22923920,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Knight Errant,"I could write a review for Stellaris and go into a great deal of depth about its gameplay and aesthetics, but I'm not going to. Instead, I'm going to tell you the story of Admiral Cax.The Tale of Admiral Cax, Hero of the Blessed Light of TorobaLong before he was born, Cax's people, an atomic-age civilisation of reptilians called the Netraxi, had noticed something odd about their leaders. Sure, they seemed fine from afar but on closer inspection they were just a little bit too...mushroom-y. Still, they shrugged and kept on doing whatever nuclear-powered reptiles do. And then the day came when the disguises fell and the Netraxi were taken over by the fanatically religious empire of slave-taking mushrooms that had quietly infiltrated their society using some questionable shapeshifting magic. The Netraxi were aghast. They were enraged. And then they were enslaved.These conniving chantarelles, known to their friends (not many) as the Blessed Light of Toroba and their enemies (quite a bit more) as the Doom Shrooms, were to be masters of the Netraxi for a hundred years. For this darkest of centuries, the Netraxi slaved away to supply their overlords with ambiguously-defined but evidently useful minerals, their labour rewarded only with contempt, and a reminder to worship the God-Emperor of Toroba at all times. The unhappiest Netraxi were sent down the mines. The happiest were released, allowed to be outraged about their situation for a bit, and then enslaved again just for fun. And when the Torobin went to war, the Netraxi were chained together and dropped as a welcome-mat for the Toroban armed forces to march over.Those hundred years passed, and the Torobin began to see the Netraxi in a more enlightened way. It was decided that some - though not all - should be emancipated to test their loyalty to their God-Emperor. Surprisingly, they were indeed loyal. Within ten years, the remaining Netraxi had been freed, but this was only the beginning of the struggle for freedom, All across Torobin space, a dozen other races remained enslaved, and the blatantly racist policies of the Torobin meant that there was only room for Shroom in positions of power.And then the great, glorious and eternally enlightened God-Emperor Zifin I (may his spores find warm soils!) decided that one - but only one - filthy xeno would be given the opportunity to lead Toroban forces. His case would decide whether or not aliens were worthy of being equals to those they had once called master. They chose a lowly Netraxi called Cax.Cax was a badass.Hired at the age of 41, he was immediately thrust into the Toroban war of conquest against an alliance led by the Bavi, a technologically superior race. Four fleets were deployed: three led by Torobin and the fourth led by Cax. Almost immediately the fleets were heavily engaged, taking severe casualties. Cax was sent to support a Toroban admiral, but when he warped in he found the Admiral's fleet destroyed, the gallant mushroom shredded and scattered across the system. Undaunted, Cax sent his fleet into the attack and smashed the Admiral's killers, securing the system. As the Torobin lost a second fleet to the Bavi, it was only Cax holding the line that gave the Torobin enough leverage to force a white peace and retreat with their dignity intact.This was only the beginning.Cax was sent back to Torobos to rebuild his fleet and upgrade it, in the expectation that the Torobin would soon be having a second go at the Bavi. Five years into the refit, however, he received the chilling news that a portal had opened up only a few systems away, spewing forth energy demons that wished only to feast upon the mortals' planets. The unlucky star-system was consumed. And then another system fell. And another. And another. And then it was Netraxis' turn. Cax could only look on via his monitor as his beloved homeworld, his people that looked to him for salvation, everyone, were all annihilated in a heartbeat. As the Torobin military crumbled he took his fleet to the furthest sector, the Malthin Bulwark, and gathered his forces for a desperate counterattack.And then the Fox nation attacked.Either through cold malice or a hilarious inability to perceive the danger of FRICKIN' WORLD-EATING ENERGY DEMONS, the race known only as the Sly Foxes decided to attack the Toroban Glorious Alliance with overwhelming force, right along the line of the Malthin Bulwark. Cax found his reinforcements cut off, his spaceports attacked and his empire still dined upon by the dreaded Unbidden. It was then, in this darkest of hours, that Cax made his move.With the Bulwark crumbling behind him, Cax launched a desperate attack against the Unbidden Portal with every warship the Torobin could muster. It was do or die. If he won, the Unbidden would no longer be able to spam doomstacks to conquer the ungrateful galaxy. But if he lost...the galaxy would be lost with him. At the age of 54, with a hundred warships in tow, this would be his finest hour.He did it.He frickin' did it.Surrounded by no fewer than three Unbidden doomstacks, Admiral Cax somehow fought his way to the portal and shattered the demons' grip on the galaxy, destroying two of the doomstacks as he did so. With his mission accomplished, he warped away to safety. Fewer than a third of his captains made it out. But the galaxy was saved. For any ordinary admiral, this would have been a time to celebrate. But Cax was no ordinary admiral.Cax was a badass.Badly damaged from the Battle for the Portal, Cax immediately returned his fleet to the Bulwark and smashed the Sly Foxes in a series of fleet-to-fleet battles, taking the war deep into the enemy's heartland. A little too deep, some might say, because there was the slight issue of his fleet being surrounded and utterly destroyed, but Cax made it out and his heroic counter-attack had once again turned a losing situation into a White Peace. By now Cax was pushing 70. Time to retire, the Torobin said.But badassery doesn't retire.Cax immediately took command of a new fleet being built to purge the galaxy of the Unbidden for once and for all. Armed with the latest weapons and cutting-edge technology taken from the Sly Foxes, Cax's Crusaders came together from all corners of Torobin space to follow their inspiring commander. The liberation was long and bittersweet, as although Cax was proud to be the Admiral chosen to drive the Unbidden from his homeworld, he knew that only the dead would greet him on Netraxis. But liberate he did, and at the age of 100 he destroyed the last Unbidden installation and restored the lost worlds to the Torobin. In gratitude, the God-Emperor transformed Toroba into a Mega-Corporation and emancipated every last slave, all thanks to Cax's heroism. And they all lived happily ever after, right?Wrong.Happily ever after is for people who haven't tried hard enough.Cax had a score to settle with the Bavi. They had destroyed his companions in the Bavi War. They had stood back and watched as the Unbidden destroyed his homeworld. Worst of all,they were just kinda there, y'know?. And so, at the age of 108, Cax set out for one final war. The names and legends of that war still echo down the ages. At Zabeem it was Cax who ambushed the 12th Bavi Fleet and smashed it to scrap. At Gandaros it was Cax who rescued the allied fleets from certain doom. At Kovin it was Cax who held the line as fleet after fleet warped in and were suddenly, but unsurprisingly, vanquished. And it was behind Admiral Cax that the entire allied fleet mustered for the final assault on Hydrobius that ended the war. Best of all, the surviving Netraxi were given permission to colonise the new worlds opened up by the Second Bavi War. Cax hadn't just saved his people, he'd given them a future too.When he died at 113, the mourning was brief and efficient. He would've liked it that way. RIP Cax."
76561198073099863,Recommended,281990,22890538,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Joe Solo,"""12.4 hrs on record""It's currently 13 hours after release.Draw your own conclusions.Since many of you wanted something of substance, Here's a little thing I threw together.The game itself shows kinship to 4x games, you’re a new civ on the block with one planet and big dreams. To expand your people to the stars. You’ll soon meet some other races, and realize your destiny to is befriend/ trade with / ignore/ exploit/ exterminate these new creatures. As you expand through use of colonies and strategically placed flags (also called frontier outposts by the humorless), you will work towards your goals for (insert goals here). This expansion will not go unnoticed, and you’re sure to make enemies and friends among the other races you’ve encountered, whose visual appearance has almost no bearing on their preferred world. (Personally my closest ally is a bunch of Sea-warthogs, and I’m also trading partners with a race of desert penguins)Combat is interesting. The number below your fleet tells you an idea of it’s strength, but not the whole story. You’d be tempted to think like CK2 or EU, where if you have the larger force and a good general you’re generally come out on top. But that’s not the case here. Just ask the 1st fleet of the United Nations of Earth. Armed to the teeth with anti-matter missiles, and assisted by several dozen ships of our fungi allies, up against a force less than 70% of their size.You actually can’t ask them. They’re all pretty dead. Point defenses turned out to be pretty good at point defense. So remember to not put all your eggs in one basket. Or Spores in one pouch, as the fungi say. Some missiles, some laser, spread the wealth.Diplomacy is fairly straight forward. You get along better with races that have similar morals to your own, and especially xenophiles in general, but through enough effort you can even getting along with xenophobes. (Those desert penguins mentioned above are kind of racists, but we get along alright). Embassies are a big help. Alliances can be pretty easily formed with those you get along with, and are a great way to both protect yourself and to make offensive wars easier. When declaring war as part of an alliance everyone has to approve it. This is made easier by distributing the war goals amongst the members. Basically a planet to the sea hogs, a liberation to the fungi, etc. Thankfully defensive wars are automatic. You can’t leave them hanging.The science and tech tree is a bit different from most because it’s not really a tree. It’s a set of cards you draw that you ‘draw’ three from and then decide which to work on. But my favorite part is definitely the science ships. You’re essentially playing as the Enterprise, boldly going where no one has gone before(star trek theme plays here). You’ll run into all sorts of anomalies that require investigation. Sometimes it’s a whole story line about precursors, sometimes it’s just an old cruiser stuck on a planet. Sometimes you run into a system full of million year old mining drones and have to book it. It keeps things interesting.The random events are very much what we’ve come to expect from paradox. A perfect mix of good writing and humor. Even the ol’ comet event comes around in it’s orbit.TLDR: It’s a really interesting take on 4x that is everything you should expect from Paradox, and sure to get better with time, and DLCs. A little difficult to learn at first but better than their other games.TLDR-2: Just play it."
76561197984247814,Not Recommended,281990,31484023,Posted: 1 May,all,speekma,"The early/mid game is fun and dynamic. The sound track is phenomenal. The extent to which you can customise your race is awesome. But at almost $80USD for the game + DLC (and it's Paradox, so that's only going to keep going up), I can't recommend Stellaris until one major issue I personally have with the game is addressed: The Warscore system.In the current system, when you declare war (or have war declared on you) you choose from a list of planets (and some other options like humiliation/vassalisation/liberation etc) that will become yours if you win the war, each costing a certain amount of points. The score limit here is 100, most planets costing between 10-30 points, so most of the time the best you can get is 3-6 of their planets, or make them a vassal or tributary. Capturing planets and defeating fleets increases your score, losing them decreases it, first to 100 wins, although somewhere after 50 you can work out an agreement and settle for some of the things on your demand list instead of all of them.It sounds fine at first but (for me at least) this leads to a few frustrating things. First, even if your fleets and armies destroy every ship and raise your flag on every single planet they own, when the war is over you still only get the 3-6 you could afford from the initial list, and you give the rest back to the empire you defeated. If Vassalisation happened to cost 101 points, you can't put it on the list, so it doesn't matter how bad you beat them, they retain independence. Secondly, you could choose to add their homeworld or best productive worlds to the list, even if you never attack them, and they never see a single part of the war.Imagine if the allies landed at Normandy, took the beach, and said ""Yep that's good enough folks, we'll give this beach back to the Nazis then aaaaand we'll have Berlin, thankyou very much."" Or imagine if after defeating Germany all across Europe and marching into Berlin itself, a peace was negotiated where... only Spain and North Africa are liberated, everything else remains under Hitler's rule, the allies go home and aren't allowed to try again for another 10 years.Depending on your playstyle, war is a significant part of the mid-late game and it consistently turns the first few hours of fun into more hours of frustration. The whole galaxy could be divided between two huge interstellar alliances but when they inevitably go to war even if thousands of ships burn the balance of power will only change by a few worlds, then you must wait 10 years to try again. The end game becomes a very slow, very tedious grind.There are end game crisis events that can sometimes be fun, but for the most part they either spawn on or in your borders and you either deal with it right away or get destroyed by it right away, or it spawns on the other side of the galaxy and becomes the AI's problem.If the Warscore system was changed so that the spoils you get in war were related to what you actually claimed during the war, I would happily recommend this game, regardless of the price, because there is a lot of great stuff here. It all just happens to be marred by this one backwards mechanic that makes no sense. Until that changes, save your money and your time, and play something else."
,Recommended,281990,30500984,Posted: 13 March,all,Hoshen,"Time to tell you guys a story of the first full complete game, i had always started them but would just restart for random reasons but not this time.I was playing as a custom race of big hairy mammals ""The Advari Republic"" Crusaders of Democracy, they would bring democracy to all other species by force if need be(Always by force), "" Democracy was nonnegotiable"" was the motto of the Advari Republic. They would end up meeting another like-minded race(literally the same species portrait) and together with the strength of their new federation, the Populious Alliance, democracy was sure to reach every Species and nation in the galaxy....by ""Liberation"" if need be. The Federation had already Liberated 1/3rd of the known galaxy, their strength even surpassing that of the fallen it truly seemed nothing could stand in the way of liberty and democracy...until disaster struck, the research of Advanced Ai had seemed to be disastrous Robotic uprisings across the federation and the galaxy began to spring up. The federation fought long and hard, many famous Heroic Admirals who once liberated many species in the name of democracy would soon fall to the Robotic on slaught like pigs in a slaughter house. The federation put up a great fight but the Robotic uprising proved too much and the slow and painful purge of all life in the galaxy had begone. Once a Strong hold of Democracy, Beacon of Liberty, and the righteous defenders of the weak The Advari Republic was no more.Feels good finishing a game to the very end."
76561197975610711,Recommended,281990,24026614,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,chaotic,"- Create race of aquatic dwelling collectivist-militants. Military dictatorship, obviously.- Venture forth into space, everything is new and exciting.- Encounter space ameobas. Get wrecked.- Rebuild fleet, mark off that section of space ""off limits"" for now.- Continue making breakthroughs in laser weapon technology.- Encounter another spacefaring race. Seems freindly enough.- They put up an outpost near my empire.- Declare war.- Vassalize the pathetic alien infidels with my rebuilt fleet.- Kill space ameobas. Discover another intelligent race on a planet.- They are in the post industrial stage. Not quite able to harness the power of the atom.- built an orbital research station over their planet- study them- figure out some new things about biology- decide that the research would be quicker if we were a bit more aggressive- begin abducting them for research- few years later, realize that the planet would be a good source of slaves. and the best way to get them to willingly accept my rule would be to infiltrate their society- send agents down- everything was goes well- things are falling into place... until one of my operatives turned on me- one of my cells went dark. a team discovered the bodies. it was definitely one of my own that killed them- he contacts me a month later. explaining that he had fallen in love with the alien culture, and a woman- says we should dismantle the orbital station and leave this planet alone- disagree. but as long as he was willing to stay in exile, let him live. it's the least I could do for his service- sadly, he did not- he begins hunting my operatives. trying to expose us on the planet- this is unacceptable- pull remaining operatives. would rather kill all of these filthy aliens before allowing another of our kind die- bringl in a small fleet of warships and initiated orbital bombardment- brutally destroying the cities beneath them- there were no survivors10/10 would commit mass xenocide again."
,Recommended,281990,22911113,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,TheHucks,"This game and its designers are evil. Unlike, say, Civilization, where you can fool yourself with platitudes like ""just one more turn"", this game has no turns. There is no ""one more turn"". There is ""one more hour"". And before you know it you're giving the keys to your three year old and telling her to drive herself to school, just stop for red lights and she'll be fine."
,Recommended,281990,25747252,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Shiro,"On my very first playthrough of Stellaris I came accross a peculiar little planetoid called Sol III, upon this planet there were ape like creatures that walked upright, talked a funny speech and had a strange fascination for my space vessels, of which they dedicated many generations creating structures to praise my people and fixate their obsessions upon, they called us Gods. Curious about them I had my people construct observatories around the craggy blue rock, sending me data of their advancements through the ages. I debated uplifting those who proved worthy, to bare the name of my glorious galactic empire to the universal stage. only months before my hardwork bore fruition I was struck by great grief, as a miasmic hue of orange and red scorched the land of my favourite ball of star stuff. Those who called themselves Humanity, only moments away from reaching galactic sentience, had annhilated all below in a pointless bout of mutually assured destruction, leaving but ruins and hardy insects to adorn the planet. 10/10 for extra realism bonus."
76561197964147386,Recommended,281990,34566977,Posted: 28 August,all,[RSIAC] Keganator,"We thought we were safe. we had a small fleet, but respectable nonetheless. Our Overlord was kind, but overpowering. I felt safe.Then, the fallen empire’s starports opened.A flood of ships, a hundred times more powerful than my own, broke through our meager defenses. Our overlord was powerless. They tore through our strongest defensive stations like flame to paper.  They came, they took, and we settled. we knew though that it wouldn't be the end.It was a hundred years before we were ready. We had lost several border systems. Our scientists bred out recessive genes from the population. Our ships were faster, larger. Our fleet, led by the best our academies could provide. Our leaders touted our great power. We engaged.It was a bloodbath. We lost every soul in the fleet. With only last minute maneuvering, distractions from other empires, and a nearby AI rebellion, kept us from being totally lost.They kept growing. Nothing will stop them. Perhaps, younglings...you can do better. Remember this tale. Perhaps, you can save your people. Your people too will grow to sentience and seek to control the stars. When when my people are obliterated from this galaxy, , when at last their war machines end and go silent again, perhaps you will have a chance.Seize it."
,Not Recommended,281990,28096226,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Foxy Box,"I really wanted to give this game a positive review. I put in a ton of hours playing it and I love some of paradox's other games. I love strategy games in general. Over 500 hours on Crusader Kings. Over a month worth of hours on the Total War Franchise. I've played and loved strategy since getting my hands on Age of Empires as a kid. I even play Dota. Therefore it pains me to write this negative review for a game that I really wanted to love. But here it is:There are too many things broken with the base game to justify spending money on it.*Lets go through how a player would normally play the game and go over everything I've found that led to this review. Imagine it in Mr. Plinkett's voice if it helps get you through the wall of text that is to come. Oh, and there will be SPOILERS. You've been warned.Part One: Everyone hates racistsSpecies designing is an awesome idea. Collecting the atributes that make your race unique lets you play the game your way. But there are traits that are just not beneficial, and cost the same amount of trait points as other, clearly superior ones. The best example of this is the xenphobes trait. If you want to play with efficiency in mind, there's only a few viable paths to do down. This becomes extremely evident on harder difficulties.Part Two: No Building Queue, Electric BoogalooSo you colonized a new planet? Good for you! Now you get to set up the colony and get to work building buildings. But wait, did you research a bunch of upgrades for your generators and what not? Good! You'll get to remind yourself of that every time you upgrade each farm by a teir. And your power plants. And your mines. And all your other buildings. Without the ability to queue up multiple upgrades for the same building, you'll get to go back to it each time and pat yourself on the back for what an amazing job you did in researching that upgrade! This is across every planet you directly control. All of which have between 10 and 19 building slots. I think I saw a planet once with 23. Oh, and none of the upgrade chains branch out at all. So you just get to click upgrade a bunch of times. An ai could do it. But not this ai!! Which brings me to....Part Three: Artificial Intelligence, Real StupidityThe Ai in this game is like a brain damaged 3 year old. This is going to be the longest section, so buckle down, grab some popcorn, and put away your wallets. I'll start with the first toddler in these computerized special olympics: settlement ai. So you have an arbitrary cap on how many planets you can manage. This cap is pretty reasonable, since it also happens to be around the point where it becomes increadibly teadious to micro all your systems. The game's solution to this is to add extra systems you acquire into ai governed sectors, that automate the building and upgrading for you. This is a good idea in theory: you put initial supplies into their stockpiles and they develop based on a selected focus. Eventually they theoretically grow into self sustaining states that pay you a portion of their resources. You can even assign governors to give all the systems in a sector a nice bonus. But the problem is that often times the ai will not build anything on some tiles on the planets you give them. The population keeps growing and eventually can start starving if the ai didn't build enough farms. You can't order any building projects on those planets either. And revoking them from the ai costs 25 of a certain resource that you only get 0-3 of every month. That resource is also used for stuff like colonizing, building outposts and certain improvements, and establishing protection pacts and certain other diplomatic treaties, and more. Also, the sectors can only give you 75% of their montly resources, and the rest they put into their stockpiles. These become full and the 25% that gets put into them is lost. You cannot remove anything from the stockpiles either.Ai inSPACE SpaceSpace space...Combat. So in this game you get to design ships to counter the designs of your enemy. Its a step up from rock-paper-scissors combat, and is a pretty cool feature. Of course, its ruined by the ai not being able to design ships for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Their ships are horrible frankensteinian creations, inefficient and are not in any way designed to work alone, or together as a fleet. You'll begin to notice this when you're fighitng enemy ships, but it becomes really obvious when you are either engaged against the big bad engame threat, or are in ashudderFederation. I'll devote a section to each, since its that bad.Part Four: I don't want to live anymoreThe end game is broken. I faced the hive mind Tyranid invasion and I was stoked! Oh man, I thought, here comes someone that finally can challenge my fleets better than my punching bag neighbors. Even if it was just sheer numbers, I didn't care! They entered the galaxy from the north, took a few systems from some poor sod, and I saw their fleets starting to spread across the region. I was ready to kick some hive minded♥♥♥♥♥ but then.... they all stopped. They decided to start siegning and bombarding planets and... waiting. Waiting for what? It took me a while to find out, and after I did, I stopped playing. At first I thought the rest of the galaxy finally started fighting back. But after a while, I went out to explore, and I sawTHISandTHIS. I was so sad that I madeTHIS. Its a frowny face made of corpses. The other two pictures are of a bunch of colony ships just floating, not colonizing. They didn't try to escape when I attacked them either. They just sat there. Maybe when they arrived, the Tyranids saw how badly designed the game was, and just wanted to die. WHo knOWs? Then I saw the other reason their fleets were just hovering in orbit. I followed an invasion fleet from one of their worlds, to the capital planet of the empire their pre-generated forces kicked the snot out of. What you are about to see is the terrible legion of the end-game ai:https://i.imgur.com/PmRc2wg.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/cGzq8Ff.jpgThis happened several times before, and continued for another hour before I saved the galaxy by shutting of the game.Part Five: Federations are the most dissapointing thing since No Man's SkyAi in federations are a mess, like so much else in this game. They design terrible ships for the federation fleet, and then the game decides that that their designs are superior when determining what gets upgraded into what. Ai that start wars sometimes never end them, even at 100% warscore. I'm sure this is a bug, but its so damn annoying I'm mentioning it here. There is no way to influence the ai to vote in on your measures if they don't already agree. There was so much potential for diplomacy here, but nope.Part Six: When will this review end already??The game ends when you have taken control of around half of the galaxy's habitable planets, or taken the capital of every enemy empire. This becomes a problem when you're playing as a pacifist, or you just don't want to take the time to conquer the galaxy 3 planets at a time. Yep, when you declare a war, no matter who its against or how badly you win, you can only take at most 3 (possibly 4...) planets at a time, and then get forced into peace. I actually hit the limit on the length of this review, so de-ded-ded Dat's All Folks!* If you are the kind of guy (or gal) that likes to spend hours on the mod page, and doesn't care about playing on Ironman, then you might find some solace in the amazing amount of workshop support for this game. But I can't recommend a broken game where the developers don't bother to fix issues that have been there since launch."
,Recommended,281990,22919362,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Rathmourn,"Personally, this game is shaping up to be the perfect blend between Paradox's normal ""Grand Strategy Games"" and 4X Civilization types.  Being an intense Civilization fan, I've always found the games to lack a certain depth and scale to them.  Being a similarly intense fan of games like EU4 and CK2, I've always found they lacked the explore and developmental cycles found in Civilization games.  A yin and a yang if you will - which caused me to always only partially scratch the itch I wanted to scratch when I played either genre of the game.To me, Stellaris fixes that.  Its combination of 4X aspects, along with the grand strategy level diplomacy, management and scale finally scratch that itch for me perfectly.  Yin and yang working in harmony.Does the game have a few things that need tweaking? Absolutely.  The AI needs some adjusting to be a bit more involved and logical on its alliance and federation diplomacy, and the races traited towards dominance and war need to be a bit more blood thirsty and aggressive.  For what its worth, we're two days into release and Paradox has already patched minor issues and is listening to the community to address any further tweaks that may be needed.Regardless, its absolutely worth your money if these types of games are for you.  Having been a customer of Paradox for years now, I am truly excited to how much further they can and will take this game."
,Recommended,281990,23311048,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,tomb,"Day 1:*Me and a friend started a multiplayer campaign. I created a race of sentient jellyfishes that just wanted slaves and that everyone join the Jelly Overmind. My friend created a race of birds.*All of my neighbours hate me. I try to find my friends and manage to do it after three hours of gameplay.*Enslave all the things.Day 2:* Race that do not like me starts a war we can not win. I become a vassal. Swear revenge.* My friend and her birds defeats my new owner and I become her vassal.* I'm no vassal no more. And slowly we realise to left and right that we can't move out without war. But at least we now have a better economy than ever before.*Rebellion on two of my planets. Solving it by enslaving the entire population.*A ancient race keeps humiliating me for the fun of it. We mass an army and strike them down.*The jelly Overmind's economy rises! Enslaves all the ancient race's planets.*""the bright alliance"" really do not like us and declares war.Day 3:*We are winning the war. The fleet is strong and is destroying our enemies. Our enemies are annoying and just blow up space ports and escapes.* Friend notice the enemy have gates near our systems. That is why they are moving so fast. I click my army to destroy one.* Apparently the click just made them use the gate. My entire army teleports into where the enemy have their biggest army.*The jelly overmind have no fleet anymore.*I give them a planet and the war ends.*We start building better ships and a bigger army. Declare war again as the enemy is busy with another war.*We destroy the enemy and takes hold of all their vassals.Day 4:*Only thing that remains in the galaxy is some wannabe zerg beholders. We clean them out.*Friend realises the only person left for any of us to win is the other.*The Jelly overmind starts making ships as the awkward silence rises on Discord.*Friend leaves alliance.*Friends sends request to become vassalTHE JELLYOVERMIND RULES THE GALAXY! WE ARE NOW ALL ONE!A++ experience. Would play again."
,Recommended,281990,26157999,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hex,"The year is 2387, and the galactic community is on the verge of extinction.The Prethoryn Scourge came to the Milky Way galaxy in 2368, in isolated pockets which were quickly dealt with by the Outer Rim empires. But everything would change, the main force arrived only 3 months after.At the beginning, the galaxy united together to fight off the Scourge, but setback after setback, the Scourge pushed deep into the galaxy within the next four years, assimilating all forms of biomass they could find and eradicating any resistance that stood in their way. At first, it was the smaller, weaker empires that went first, the cannon fodder while the major galactic powers consolidated their forces and entrenched their worlds and secured their borders.But then, the Scourge targeted the two Fallen Empires in the galaxy. The galactic community all sighed in relief, the Scourge would surely be annihilated in mere moments against the powers of the Fallen Empires. But within the next couple of weeks, the Fallen Empires fell silent, with infected ships pouring out from their borders. The Scourge had assimilated the Fallen Empires, and now nothing could stop them. The galaxy was stunned.The panic set in all across the galaxy, a once unified galaxy, now fractured as Empires began fending for themselves.As the Scourge advanced, some some species thought they would kill themselves rather than become a twisted horror of the Scourge. Entire Empires were wiped from existence as they nuked themselves into oblivion, committing mass suicide with casualties reaching into the billions.Over the course of the next 20 years, many Empires would stage a brave final stand at their homeworlds, fighting until the bitter end before being snuffed out like a flame from existence.During the 2380s, the United Nations of Earth were one of the last remaining empires still militarily capable of fighting the Scourge, but by 2386, the UNE had lost a majority of their colonies to the Scourge, billions dead or transformed into nightmarish horrors.In 2387, humanity staged their final stand in the Sol System, having lost contact with most of their allies, they accepted the fact they were now alone. The first engagments of the Battle of Sol were small. Small scout fleets entered the system and were quickly destroyed by the remnants of the United Nations Earth Defence Fleet (UNEDF). The first major Scourge fleets were dealt by layers of defence platforms and fortresses built across the entire system, with most of the outer Sol system mined, it was an absolute death trap and would've been considered suicide to assault, but the Scourge had no fear. Within months, the Scourge had broken through the the layers of defensive placements and now directly besieged the worlds of Earth and Mars. The UNEDF was mostly ruin, reduced to a few corvettes, destroyers and cruisers.The fighting on the surface of Earth and Mars was terrifying. Entire armies annihilated by hordes of the Scourge's abominations. The capital city of Earth, Geneva was lost within hours of the planetary invasion, now reduced to nuclear ash.The date is November 11th, 2387, Humanity's grand fleet and army continue to fight desperately in their home system, heroically defending their homeworld against the endless onslaught of the Prethoryn Scourge, hoping for an impossible miracle, or die trying.This, is the galaxy's last stand."
,Not Recommended,281990,32467875,Posted: 16 June,all,mack,"The longer you play this game the more obvious that the lack of depth, and the poor AI and events are exposed.I played 400 hours.. is that a lot? Yeah. Is it a huge amount for a 4x game? Not really. Plus, a lot of that time was wasted doing stuff that was boring or resulted in getting killed because it didn't work. And now this review gets the benefit of those hours.* Combat is doomstack vs doomstack.* Tech is irrelevant. In fact, the higher tiers get less efficient and the fleet cap penalty isn't high enough.* This means you cannot win unless you have a bigger economy.* The only way to get a bigger economy is to colonise as many planets as possible to get pops to work the handful of relevant resource buildings.Playing diplomatically is boring.Most games the galaxy splits into 2 or 3 giant federations of alliances.The mid-game is stagnant and boring, and human players will snowball beyond the ability of anything but the end-game fallen empires (not the empires that develop alongside you) to stop.The vaunted end-game crises are little more than giant doomstacks that get boring to fight over and over again.Sectors have been broken since day one, yet the game expects you to hand over planets to this inadequate sector AI that WILL ruin the planets if you let them.If Paradox ever read this, STOP releasing games & patches without adequate testing. This game and HOI4 have been ruined by a lack of QA testing. You are not an indie developer, you are a full publishing studio with multiple development teams. It is inexcusable to have QA this poor."
,Recommended,281990,26894386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tн0яZєя0,"My ""The Just 5 More Minutes” award pick for nov award's 2016. Extremely addictive and fun game."
,Recommended,281990,25320163,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Trash Dota 2 Player,Born too late to explore the earthBorn too early to explore the galaxyBorn just in time to play Stellaris
76561197994729394,Recommended,281990,22889029,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RobotsLoveWater,"I have played many Paradox games in the past, EUIV, CKII, Victoria II, and even HOI III (although I didnt like it much). I have spent well over 1000 hours in these games combined, so my expectations were high. Stellaris delivered though, it is everything I could have hoped for and more. I expect to play this game for hundreds of hours to come. I have never reviewed a game before (even my beloved CKII), but I thought this was well worth the effort."
76561198042473563,Not Recommended,281990,35111884,Posted: 21 September,all,Adzelor,"After 100+ hours of playtime, what can I say about Stellaris? I will be brief.Sure, the game has lovely visuals and an exceptionnal soundtrack. Being able to genetically alter your species or fully customize every single ship of your fleet, every space station of your empire, was really interesting. Nevertheless, I can't give to this game a positive review, and here is why.-There is a cruel lack of micromanagement concerning colonies/planets. I'll explain. Every liveable planet is divided into a certain amount of squares. On each square, the player can chose to build a single building and allow a single unit of population to exploit said building. That's it : there is not much else that you can do. To be honest, I was expecting a bit more from a 4x revolving around galactical colonization...-Diplomacy with the AI is extremely flawed, not to say absent in the game. Apart from declaring a rivalry or war to another empire, interactions are scarce. Sure, you can, theoretically, trade ressources, science or informations with the neighborhood... but it is really unlikely to happen, since their acceptance of any treaty is determined by how much they like you. Since the most trifling action from your part (i.e. : refusing an offer) will seriously and often irreversibly anger them forever, non aggressive diplomacy is pointless. It was lacking features anyway...-The AI. The AI is overall unspeakably broken. Most of the time, your allies will build ships one after another and ... send them on by one against large ennemy fleets, untill complete destruction of their own fleet and exhaustion of their ressources. Do not waste time building alliances... You don't trust me? Just browse the Steam workshop and look for every mod that consists in a fix for the AI!-Combat. As soon as your fleet enters Combat mode, your admirals developp a ""brain"" of their own. Indeed, you can't give orders to your ships anymore : everything is administered by the AI until complete anihilation of one fleet or emergency FTL. For instance, you can't tell your fleet to focus down a particular ennemy ship (meaning that your fleet can just tickle an ennemy ship's shield a bit and then switch to another ship without dealing a single point of hull damage to the first one, and repeat, etc.). You can't order your fleet to back off a bit either (meaning that, if your high ranged ships get in range of low range ennemy artillery, your admiral will vaillantly (allbeit very recklessly) refuse to get out of ennemy's range. Thus, you cannot possibly take benefit from your fleet's high range weaponry). Such issues could be easily solved if Paradox was actually concerned about something else than DLCs...-General lack of content. Although military aspects are quite detailed, there's not much to do in the other domains. My friends and I, indeed, felt the need to deeply mod the game as soon as we finished our second playthrough. That's speaking by itself.-This emphasizes an other important problem : repetitiveness. After the first couple of hours, once you are in front of your opponents regarding technology and economy, every hour is pretty much the same as the last or the next one, every war is pretty much the same war. The ""endgame crisis"" fail to solve that problem. The Prethoryns often feel a bit weak and the Unbidden will simply erase you if they spawn near your imperial capital (yes, that can happen). Regarding the Awakened Fallen Empires, there is nothing a player or a coalition of players can do. Indeed, Paradox offset the flaws of their AI by absurdly buffin it. So, even if you manage to destroy the Awakened Empire's fleets (and that will take you some time), their civilization will remain a threat solely thanks to its bonuses.-More or less gamebreaking bugs. When (and I underline the ""when"") these issues are addressed, the fix is often put behind the paywall of the habitual absurdly costly Paradox's DLC. The list is far too big after 100+ hours to be developped here, but I will nevertheless take an example. If you take a planet located in a system where another empire (even if it is allied to tou) already owns a planet, the ressources of this system won't be exploitable, by neither of you. Let's say that you want to build a mine on a random asteroid to gain the minerals ? Ok : you'll have to declare war on your ally and conquer every other planet in this solar system. Pretty dumb, isn't it? And it's far from being the worst...All in all, I was really hyped for Stellaris, and I still think that the game has great potential. Although, it is far too flawed in my eyes to be recommended in this state and at full price. It can get quite interesting once modded, but mods won't solve everything, and by the way they don't have to ! Finally, I firmly oppose Paradox's policy. Many of the abovementioned issues were indeed addressed in some of the DLC (i.e. : Leviathans). But here is the problem : it's a DLC. Seriously, someone who already paid for the game shouldn't have to pay again for basic updates addressing the major flaws of the game..."
,Recommended,281990,22885458,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Optymystical,"Edit 3: Utopia is out! check the third story down for content on that DLC.The story of my people-I made shroom men who were intelligent, hated sex, but lived forever and a half-Goverment = MINE MINE MINE MIEENEENEMENIEN (And science)-Meet bird men with big guns-Become friends of bird men-Meet evil imposter shrooms-Tell bird men that the shrooms took their eggs-Bird men get an army of 500 warships and devour the shrooms-Many years later, I am the dominant shroom race, backed by 4 Bird races who all hate egg stealing shrooms10/10 would blackmail shroomkind againThe story of the Enslar-decided to have evil, warlike, and slave loving hydra people-discovered two harmless industrial era people near me-boosted them to space age, captured them, then enslaved them-200 years later, I feel happy with the bird ones, so I free them-my king gets assassinated, his child burned, my planets blown up, and all I can see is that slaves face-RELOAD-time for mass genocide!-I am now king of the Galaxy, using the power of reloads to mass genocide entire species10/10 would become time traveling Hitler againThe story of the Nerd Army-Am blue people of space-like tech and money-tech and money aliens south of me, god fearing rapists above-am very small empire, very few planets-suddenly boom expansion through sectors-surround my neighbors-tech boom, now all the weak nerdlings in my empire are giant Gundam mech people-god♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥zealots call me a heretic-U WOT M8-I get in my mega mech suits and start running down their planets-suddenly they achieve nirvana-am ♥♥♥♥ed anally by mega zealot fleet10/10 would try disproving god with anime againEdit: Yesterday, I had 0 likes, 0 funnies. Today, I have almost 500 of each.Because of this, I will periodically add new stories to this review as I play the game, simply because you are all sadistic mindless zombies who like reading stories of other's demise.You all disgust me almost as much as I disgust myself.Edit 2: Well, I became addicted very quickly. Also, this review is apparently extremely popular, so here's my opinion; Get this game if you like Spore, Sid Miers Civilization, most space strategy titles, or any grand strategy game."
76561197967242823,Not Recommended,281990,28382804,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Wilhelm IV,"I am an avid Paradox fan.I have 800 hours on Vic 2,800 hours on Europa IV,I'm currently loving HOI4.Stellaris is a game i was very excited for, more so than any other Paradox game.But after about 60 hours I have finally decided to rest upon ""Utterly Abyssmal""There are many reasons for this, but I would say the NUMBER ONE REASON:Automation.You are barely in control at all.You get 5 planets, you are forced to use the clunky - not fun ""Sector Control""and outside of gameplay; The PEACE TREATIES: are Automatic.Example:-You get declared war on-You start to mobilize-The enemy gets up to X% warscore-But you start to fight back-You start to win-You start to take back your lands-The AI Declares peace-You AUTO accept because its within his current warscore-You just lost even though you were about to steamroll him-Your people, buildings, planets, mining outposts; remain ravaged and destroyed and all for no reward-he still gets his wargoal-ALL because YOU dont get to choose when the war ends. You have no say.This game has very positive reviews, and i'm glad those people are able to find joy in this game.To those who dare buy I wish you good gaming.-A severely disappointed fan---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After Utopia and Leviathans and all the addons and fixes i will upgrade this to recommended. Price tag is hefty but it makes things alot better."
,Not Recommended,281990,25286118,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,yellowmellow45,"This game started off as quite fun. I like the idea behind it, but it definitely suffers from Paradox-Syndrome.Paradox-Syndrome is a disease in which games are born unfinished, with numerous gaps in content. Whilst pleasing to the eye and imagination, they are ultimately empty or unreplayable unless the player is willing to wait at least a year for patches, or worse to send more money for incremental improvements in the form of DLCs (which I see is the developing pattern here)I like the game, and my initial thoughts were that it was fun. After a second play through, however, you realise that tech trees are actually rather limited and there are only a few combinations of weapon worth equipping your ships with.In terms of story line, we were promised more mid-game developments. which have been introduced. Their effects, however, were limited. I had a race-war on one of my planets, but in all honesty, I didn't need to pay any attention to the results.So although I like this game, and like the ""style"" of paradox games in general, I really dispute their methods for brining games to market."
,Not Recommended,281990,32455511,Posted: 15 June,all,INTERNALIZED OPPRESSION,Paradox raised the price of their games to profit off the Steam Summer Sale. Do not support this practice. Not a bad game but the developers have some♥♥♥♥♥♥marketing practices.
,Recommended,281990,29329466,Posted: 17 January,all,I am 30,"Too stupid for EU4?Too ""smart"" for Civ 5?If yes, this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,281990,23215060,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,wolf-jesus,"To start the review, I have to confess that I wasn't a good paradox fan till last year ---- I  played  cracked version of their games for years, HOI2, EU3, VIC2, HOI3,EU4,CK2, etc. That's my sin and I redeemed it by buying almost all of them in recent 2 years. I feel I could say farewell to my Pirate gaming days and be a legal and good gamer with respect.Thus I bought Stellaris on launch day, with full pirce, as the first such try in my gaming experience with Paradox.I played it as crazy, till 40 hours later when a strong feeling of being fooled stormed my mind.This game, as in its current status, though with best graphics in Paradox games, is only skeleton, fleshless and souless.I only state one of its many problems: lack of content.The early game could be fun, meaning you explore and expand and plan cautiously. Yet after a certain point, there's nothing left to do except repeatitive micro management.There is no advanced development, since you can only manage 5 to 7 stars and building types are quite limited.There is no advanced governance, since most of your empire has to be governed by ""Sectors"", but you only have minimum interactions with them, like energy focus and mineral focus. Plus their AI is dumb as hell.There is no intense fighting, since: 1. Corvette is extremly OP, you don't really need bigger ships. 2. Formation, Tactics, Strategy, Supply Lines,Morale and meaningful Defence Facilities don't exist. 3. Combat AI doesn't exist as well. The only model of war is : Chase your enemy all around the map (due to no supply lines and real defence or chokepoint)- Grind them automatically(no tactics, formation, morale)- Land troops on their planet, repeat. After your doomstack finishes their doomstack, war is in fact over. No rebuilding a proper fleet, no guerrilla tactics, no desperate defence of their home planet, nothing.Thre is no politics, since the only functional factions are only separatists and you can easily crack down their hopless revolt by adding more cheap garrisons. No cry for the change of government, no pursuit for another religion, no independence desire from sectors, nothing.There is no trade, literally. No you can't ship extra food from one planet to another, you can't build markets or trading posts, let alone trade routes, you don't have any ethics or government types with anything raleted to the concept of TRADE.There is no espionage, literally. No spy, no steal tech, no incite revolt, no support independence, nothing.There is no advanced diplomacy, since only really functional options are war and alliance-federation(without it there's almost no way for fleet access and tech co-operation ), while the later is unfinished and bugged. You want crisis system in Vic 2? H.R.E system in EU 3/4? Feudal relationships in CK2? Sorry but you must be dreaming. Yes there are some end game crisises, like the Mongol invasion in CK2. But in this universe, no one really cares.And above is only my incomplete conclusion of one of major problems of this game.I know Paradox fanboys would argue: ""It's just normal for Paradox's game on release status. Paradox will gradually patch the game and add more and more contents to it over time.""But the issue is they made a shallow beta with just too few features and contents and sell it as if it's finished. Then, maybe 1 or 2 years later, after several Overprieced DLC milking.  We, as their free QA employees, will finally get the ""FULL GAME"" after paying maybe 100 or 200 bucks, with tears and gratitude.I have admired the ambition of Stellaris and looked foward to promises made by Paradox. I have tried to understand and tolerate the DLC milking practice made by Paradox, since its base games at least seem finished and are even with some suprisingly good features. Sadly, It seems it's a new routine for devs to release unfinished games with full pirce and charge players for so called ""DLCs"" which are actully cut-off contents of base game. Paradox is just one of them.Suddenly I feel guilty of buying a full priced legal game for the first time, not for the loss of 40 bucks, but for my openly contirbution to the suicidal greed of a once wonderful game developer."
,Not Recommended,281990,32163415,Posted: 3 June,all,::Maethendias::,"stellaris, ah stellaris,how much i want to like you, how much i want to play you, how hard you are making it for me to enjoy you.i dont recomend this game, because it is not a full game yet.it may have the structure and the groundwork, but there is a lot of stuff that is simply missing, or doesnt work, and unlike others im not talking about features like ""doomsdayweapons"", i am talking about tactical gameplay in a 4 x game, and even worse:i am talking about strategic gameplay in a 4 x game.diplomacy is useless, or simply frustrating, dependent on one of the 2 playstyles you choose for your empire (conquering the galaxy, or building a federation). It either boils down to the whole galaxy being in a federation and entangled in defencive pacts against you, or you being in a federation with the rest of the universe. Both options throw the game into a complete diplomatic and galactic stalemante around midgame.Fleetcombat is simply boring, or frustrating.War always boils down to ""i throw everything i have at everything you have, and whoever defeats the opposing faction instantly wins the war"". That is if you are actually able to catch enemy fleets, because the ftl system isnt well thought either and fleets just jump around the galaxy without any real means to snare them in place, which can extend wars extremly long, and be the cause of casualties that arent the players fault, but the fault of badly implemented gameplay mechanics. That leads to bad gamefeel. And ground combat is simply a joke, it may as well just get removed completely, wouldnt it be the only thing to acutally get warscore in wars...now one might think, hey, what this game lacks in tactical gameplay it surely makes it up with strategic planning?no. empire building lacks variety (and even worse, depth) as well. there is no real desicionmaking when colonizing a planet if you are a pacifist, sientist, warmonger etc, all buildings are the same, and it always boils down to only 4 types of buildings:energy generators, mines, sience and food. thats it. nothing more.Unity is a new ressource in the Utopia dlc, (which can be spend to unlock traditions, which again give your empire boni) but it actually doesnt add anything meaningfull in terms of strategic depth, its just a matter of ""oho, i have to waste a potential mining space because else i dont get 4 points out of this planet"" (which is absolutely nothing in even the midgame) Its a poorly implemented system that arbitrary slows player progression.""but what about the roleplaying features? the game is supposed to let me play my own story of my own empire, no?""Laughtable, althought the latest dlcs and patches aimed to improve the game in that direction, your choices usually (never) dont matter, and it always leads to the previously mentioned playstyles, peace or total war,there are no alternatives. Furthermore, your goverment choices (while trying to offer more diversion for playstyles, simply do the opposite and...) force you to play a certain way.for example:if you are a caste system, you have to be a slave empire.if you are a sience empire, you have to go down the robot path.if you are a spiritualist, you always have a ""single"" religion.and dont even get me started on hiveminds, they are simply just a slapped on thing, instead of a well thought of feature. (although it is confirmed that they are working on improving their flavour, rewriting the flavourtexts and tooltips regarding events and technologiesdont get me wrong, stellaris for the first 1 or 2 times is an alright game, the events tell great stories, and there are alot of small things here and there that are inspired by other sci fi franchises. It is pretty nice when you for the first time discover the ""shroud"", which basically is the warp from warhammer 40k, or you realise one of the strategic ressources is actually Spice...but it gets frustrating very fast, and the events simply cant carry gamefeel on their own, not in a 4 x strategy game. Not in a 4 x REALTIME strategy game.Stellaris has a lot of potential to be a good game, a finished game, but it will be on the basis of a lot of payed dlcs... which i cant support.dlcs are alright, if the groundgame is finished and dlcs are a means of expanding the game.dlcs are a scam if the game itself isnt even freaking finished and are a means of updating the game to completion. No, i dont recomment anyone having to buy the base game and potentionally having to pay double or tripple the base price of dlcs, after years of development, to finally get a finished stellaris.you can either wait and feed the developers (in that case i heavily recommend to look up modders like alpha ash, that fix alot of the problems i mentioned here)or you dont and play something finished and worth your moneyi tried to wait for about a year, but i am not a patient man."
76561198017787165,Recommended,281990,22894831,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,pfjarschel,"After many years of Steam, I think this is the first time I feel the need to write a review. But before the review, a small timeline:6:00 PM: Got home from work, started the download, made some dinner, took a nap (didn't think it would be that small, +1).7:30 PM: Started playing. Blinked.10:00 PM: After the blink, my sister called and asked for a ride.11:00 PM: Resumed playing. Blinked again.03:00 AM: Is it midnight yet? I checked the time on my phone and remembered I had to get up at 7AM. With great sadness, I saved the game and turned the computer off.09:30 AM: Took a break from work and am now writing this. Can't stop thinking about my empire.Now on to the review!I seriously can't remember when was the last time I completely lost track of time when playing a game that is so immersive like Stellaris! I think it was when Civ V came out, or maybe Skyrim, but none of those kept me so away from the real world and so focused on what was happening in the game! I seriously loved it! I remember when I first played a 4x space game, I really wanted to like it, but something was missing from it (Distant Worlds). And the same thing happened with all others I tried afterwards. But not Stellaris. This game achieves perfect balance of features, complexity and simplification. It has everything I always wanted on a 4x space game, without any annoyances seen on other games!Some of the pros:Excellent learning curve: Simple at first, gets as complex as you are willing to dig in.Micromanagement balance: In the beggining there is a lot, but you have few things to manage, so it's ok (and interesting). Later on, exactly when you start to feel overwhelmed, you learn how to automate planets, by creating sectors).Interesting races! Don't be fooled by the small number of species! Each empire you encounter can be a lot different from each other, even if they are of the same major species (avian, reptiles, mammal, etc).Superb writing! Every anomaly finding, every faction conversation, reasearch projects, ""quests"", and even descriptions are worth reading! Makes me regret not getting the Galaxy edition, because of the e-book.Graphics: they are very cool, a lot more detailed than what is usually the standard for 4x games.Sounds and music: Not once I felt the music was boring or repetitive. Sounds are nice, and not those that get tiring after a while and makes you just want to turn the volume down.Difficulty: I think the normal dif setting is perfect for new players. I encountered a religious fanatic empire very early in the game, and they quickly declared themselves rivals of my technocratic empire. A cold war started, and eventually I thought I could overpower them and declared war. It's amazing how balanced our fleets were! I won most battles, but each one of them were really, really close! Eventually they surrendered, right when I was about to give up. Simply amazing.Customization options: There are a lot of possibilities of customizatiom, from your empire details, to the ship designs. I felt like I only scratched the surface of the possibilities.Probably more stuff that I don't remember now.Now for the cons...No central galactic black holeCan't put downMakes me feel like none of the other games on my Steam account matters anymore.Overal: 10/10. If you're still on the fence with this game, my advice is that you buy it now, you won't regret it!"
,Not Recommended,281990,24746691,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Remik,"This game just isn't it for me.  If you're ok with just building up massive fleets and going at it with very long rebuild delays in-between...then you might like it.  There's simply not enough to do during peace time.  No trading, no espionage, and not enough real diplomacy options.  Sure, you can pick a peaceful, pacifist culture and try that route but what's the point?  A wormhole will jus open up at the end game and pour out massive fleets.  You really have no other option than just building up a war time posture and fighting with everything you have in the end.I want to like this game.  It has some very good elements and I believe with some work, this game could be great."
76561198084807805,Recommended,281990,22897528,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Lord Inquisitor,"I would write a lengthy review telling you about how well paradox did when making this game, but i'm busy making space great again."
,Recommended,281990,26598393,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,azazeldeath,"First a basic TL;DR good game but has flaws.Ok let me start by saying I really like this game, which actually makes it all the more painful that its flaws are so pronounced, and lets be honest been around for ages, since I bought the game actually.The biggest issue I have isSector AI. You cannot get around using them if you want to expand. They absolutely hate using their own resource stockpile, I have my oldest sector with 200k energy and minerals last I checked (that was probably 50+ years ingame ago) yet they love taking my resources off me to destroy the planets in their control. You will lose planets you give them from rebelling first thing you will know about it is when you see the map as they regularly starve your population or overfeed them (don't be suprised if one planet has +40 food and another has -12 food the AI just loves doing that).War demandsare pathetic and too limited. Want to take out another empire thats big, well it will take countless wars, doesnt matter if you get them to cede planets or liberate them (more on that later). Because when you get you 2-5 worlds on average you cannot attack them again for another 10 in game years. So better hope they dont have 50-100 worlds else, well enjoy the long war.Liberation......yeah it can be viable if you pause the game the second you win the war to make them a vassal or the likes because if you don't well the AI will snatch them back up instantly.Ground combatis beyond boring, seriously you put ships in orbit, pop their shields land your troops (can do it before but will take more troops) watch the health go down on both sides, whoever runs out of troops first wins. Btw did I meantion the troops are simply an icon with a health bar that circles it, yeah very engaging ground battles. A feature very easy to over look is the troop attachments, to install them you need to land them planet side, click on the troop, click the attachment, click on the next repeat. For each one, its fine early game where you might have 20-50 troops but late game where you can litterally have 400+ troops its well not really worth it no bulk upgrades like on ships, atleast not what I can find, it took me long enough to find out where the attachments were.Space battles, well atleast you can min-max customise your fleet (to a kind of limited extent) to counter your latest enemy. But you cant specifically target any of their ships so better hope the AI Gods favour you and actually focus on the big hitters instead of the bombers coming at you.The in gameevent spam and pop-upsfeels like your surfing the net in the 90s or early 2000s. In a middle of a big space war and need to retreat, well better hope a basically full screen pop-up doesnt come along and make you lose that fleet, single player its fine it pauses the game, multiplayer you don't have that option. Sure you can turn it off, but that turns off EVERYTHING no filtering is available.Gotvassalisedor have an overlord? Well you better fight your way out because their base acceptance will forever be in the negatives no matter how much they love you. Sure you can say what player would release another player if they were getting a portion of your income but it kind of breaks the game if your not allowed to break off from them when they now trust you completely again.Federations. Where to start, they seem great but honestly they just hurt you costing you 2 influence (more on that later) a month to have one along with the hit to your fleet capacity just hurts you. If you invite any NPCs into the federation they will eventually get control of the federation fleet. And you better hope your not at war because they waste it, they will either keep it in one of their systems not doing a thing, randomly follow one of your smaller fleets around or simply suicide it against a fleet costing you warscore. So the only 'viable' way is to only invite actual players and let the NPCs do their own thing.Influence. By far the most important resource you get in the game really. Anything worth doing in the game costs influence, suppressing factions, forming a federation, colonising planets, building and maintaining frontier outposts, hiring leaders, upgrading your plantary capitals, a few buildings and spaceport attachments need them, forming defensive pacts, editcs the list goes on. So much uses it but you get so little from actually playing the game. Early game its fine, you will usually sit at the low cap of 1000, but late game, well you might need to wait months to hire a leader. Or worse yet all those planets you just acquired leech your influence so much to suppress you now have 0. So no more admirals or scientists.TheUIis very lacking, you want to build ships in one of your sectors shipyards. Well you have a couple of choices but the easiest I found is press M (to go to the big map), find the world, click on the system to zoom into system view, click on the planet, click spaceport, build ships. So you need 5 steps just to get to build a ship. There desperately needs to be an option to have your sectors spread the building across all their planets. Especially when you consider late game your sectors may have hundreds of planets in them, your core worlds will range from 5-20 so those extra spaceports are very useful to build a fleet fast in a large battle. Its the same for your core worlds really, lets say you have 5 planets, you have to click on the planet name, spaceport, build, go to next planet and repeat over and over to get ships out fast making it remarkably tedious to build ships. If it had 'Core worlds spaceport' and spread the load it would make it alot less micro and click intensive.Finally theships, you have Corvettes, Destroyers, Cruisers and Battleships. They are customisable but not alot, 1-3 sections. No massive Titans or Dreadnoughts or even capital ships (unless you use mods). For a massive space 4x game having only 4 buildable spaceship types is rather dismal. Mind you there are other ships in the game, Fallen/Awakened Empires, Extrademensional visitors, the scourge all have unique and powerful ships, even the pirates have unique ships.There are many other things I have issues with in this game. And writing this review I honestly asked myself numerous times why I even play the game. The list of things I like are so much smaller than the list of things I want to see fixed. Though I still play, and the reason why I think is though the game is flawed, might even go as far as to say it should be classed as a beta release still, its an entertaining game to play with friends. It could be deeper, it definately needs polish, and mods really do fix alot of that (automated explore mod is one that should be in the game from the start not a research a space faring race doesnt know how to let a scientist, you know those smart people that have more than 2 braincells, explore how they see fit).I do recommend the game, I even bought the DLC for it, well one of them the others are in my eyes a joke for their price. Soundtrack (should be free in my eyes) a novel (should be around $1) and another race (which is just art, and what do you know a mod can do that too for free). I would recommend buying it and playing it, if your unsure about the game wait for it to drop in price and have a sale you shouldn't regret it."
76561198006707745,Recommended,281990,22951596,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Moonglow,++ Its a paradox game in space! Win Win++ Race creation+ Tech system+ Ship Designer++ Modding+ Rename Everything!++ Random events~ Combat needs a little work- AI a bit 2 passive- Sector AI could be better
,Not Recommended,281990,32107866,Posted: 1 June,all,TheNAJZEN,"I feel like it's unfinished. Without the expansions mid-late game is just really boring. After the colonization of the galaxy is finished the AI sits on their asses. But this is still very early. I did have fun with stellaris but it like many other paradox games is unfinished & unpolished without some DLC. I really hope this doesn't go the way of EU4, which the base game is uncomplete and the missing features are covered in paid DLC"
76561198055331723,Recommended,281990,22904895,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rowan,In space no one can hear you genocide. 10/10
76561197980267638,Recommended,281990,22885448,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bolt-Action Lynx,"First thing first: the game works flawlessly on Linux.The graphics are beautiful, and the game runs smooth even on my laptop which has an Intel graphic card (using the open source Intel driver).Second, this is Paradox game with the best tutorial I've ever seen.It also helps that the UI design is way, way better than their other titles.Also last but not least, the gameplay. Oh man, it was ridiculously addictive, and deep! Playing for just 2 hours I ran into all kinds of anomalies while exploring the galaxy, making the task of sending a ship to explore unknown stars feel like an episode of Star Treks. From space whales to long lost civilizations. And we haven't even got to other factions yet.In short, think MoO2, but with all the goodies you expected from Paradox grand strategy game. Each government has its own unique mechanics, each ship is commanded by a captain that has attributes (a la CK2 lite), hell even your goverment is run by a politician who also has attributes and gained experiences, Each planet has pops that works factories or labs, and these pops would also influence how your government is run. Hell, This game is basically the culmination of Paradox grand strategy games, and a very refined one at that.I'd write more, but I need to get back to my empire. I feel like I barely scratch the surface of what this game has to offer. So, tl;dr is game is good, really, REALLY good. From the gameplay to graphics to sounds. Paradox really hit the homerun with this one"
76561198093849201,Recommended,281990,33863528,Posted: 28 July,all,KaptainKosmos,What the space stage of Spore should have been.
,Recommended,281990,29322847,Posted: 17 January,all,Bungd-up,"Once upon a time, there was a handsome♥♥♥♥♥Canadian from Kamloops, BC that enjoyed the simple things in life - Cold beer, real maple syrup, bacon, poutine, and tax-funded healthcare. He didn't want after much, but one thing he did desire was a quality sci-fi grand strategy game that was highly customizable, with various 'endgame' challenges and an excellent random faction generator. He searched high and low, or at least he waited patiently and hoped, and one day his patience was rewarded by none other than Paradox. And from that day on, he Grand Strategied happily ever after.Yes, friends, Stellaris is that fabled game. It is a wonderful introduction not only to sci-fi space strategy, but to the real-time grand strategy genre as a whole. Taking cues from past Paradox titles, as well as successful turn-based 4X titles such as the Galactic Civilizations series, Stellaris delivers an experience that frankly, has been sorely lacking. As a huge fan of other Paradox titles, as well as anything to do with SPEHSS, this game grabbed my eye easily and then pulled it out of the socket and proceed to make sweet hanky-panky with my skull.Where to start... Stellaris is easily one of the most accessible, least intimidating grand strategies out there. It has enough complexity that you still need to pay attention to what you're doing and who's around you, but especially for people that have never played a GS game or have only lightly dabbled in the genre, you'll likely really enjoy this one. Veterans and hardcore fans of Grand Strategy might find Stellaris a little to simple and easy mind you, so keep in mind that YMMV.-MODS-One of the things that I love most about Stellaris though is how easily and extensively it can be modified however. Want to add a Star Destroyer, the Pillar of Autumn, or a Mars Class Battlecruiser as a ship model? Custom ship themes will allow you to do this. If it can be made into a 3D model, imported into a theme, and then packaged and put up on the workshop, then you can have it in your game! The same goes for everything from your empire's symbols, flag backgrounds, race portraits, names, etc...-GENERAL GAMEPLAY-Gameplay in Stellaris plays a lot like Victoria, Hearts of Iron, CK, EU, etc... in that you're given the world map (In this case, a galaxy populated by anywhere from dozens to hundreds or thousands of stars) and left to conquer it through a variety of means. This could be done by peaceful acquisition of occupied planets and settling of unoccupied ones, it could be through the flexing of military might, or through shrewd diplomacy, by getting other races to fight eachother so you can swoop in and ""clean up"" the leftover mess. Standard fare. But be cautious, because there are some crazy powerful ""Fallen Empires"" that you can include in your game, and frankly they're massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never trust them. Ever.Politically, you may have to deal with everything from elections to usurpers to racial, independence, or economic driven riots and rebellions. The political system, while not terribly deep, does make the game more interesting and the fact that some of the people of your worlds may develop new traits that put them at odds with the rest of your empire will keep you paying attention to where you draw future colonists from and where you station your fleets. Some of your more distant worlds may require a peaceful ""persuasion force"" of battleships in low orbit to keep the population from getting any smart ideas.Star systems are handled in two ways: Cores and sectors. Core systems are few, and allow the player to have direct control. Typically, these solar systems will be either in the heart of your empire, or they'll be on a particularly dangerous border where you need to be able to control military defense infrastructure directly. Sectors are basically automatically governed, but you can set some rules and limits to how that's done. One of the good things with sectors is that a governor applied to a sector will apply their bonuses to every world in it. So if you have a sector with a ton of industry, and a governor with a bunch of industrial production bonuses, then you've got yourself a recipe for fleet spam!-COMBAT-Battles are handled in real time. There are some formation orders that you can issue to your fleets, but battles are pretty much hands-off affairs of ""Point your fleet at their fleet, fly at eachother, and shoot ALL THE LASERS"". Basically, the *FREEM*ing will start and won't stop until one side is dead or runs off. It leaves something to be desired, but with how big and crazy battles can get, I see why they did it.-COLONIZATION-Colonizing worlds is really similar to the Galactic Civ series - once your scientists scan a habitable planet, you have colony ships loaded with colonists who carry the traits and ideals present on their world (multiple different groups of ideals and/or species on one planet will give you a choice of which group to recruit from if applicable), and you tell said colony ship to colonize a world. It will do so, upon which you pick the tile to make landfall on, clear away any hazard tiles, and then have a finite number of tiles available to settle on in direct relation to the size of the planet or moon. Be aware that your race's homeworld ecosystem type will directly influence which planets you can settle on at first. If you play a race of anthropomorphic Polar Bears from an arctic world, then you can only settle on arctic, alpine, or tundra worlds to start. Anything warmer will be too inhospitable for you until you research the right tech to either settle them or, better yet, terraform them. The same goes for other climates.-UPGRADES-Upgrading and designing new ships was done with ease-of-play in mind. This is great for the player that wants to just come up with new configurations and play the game itself, but for players more partial to Galactic Civ's method of build the whole ship piece by tiny piece, it won't satisfy. However, for the former it is extremely satisfying. You pick your ship class, you pick the hull design or hull segments you want (IE Front A/B/C, Midsection A/B/C, Engines A/B/C) and then populate it with weapons and modules that correspond to the available size or type slots on the hull pieces (S/M/L/X/T/P/H). When  updated versions of the weapons or modules become available, you simply open that ship, replace them in the design, and overwrite it. All ships of that design will auto-update over time and for a fee. No deleting mountains of obsolete designs like in GalCiv, Paradox knows how to make things simple!-RANDOM EVENTS-In terms of random events, I don't want to spoil anything but rest assured - there are a ton of them and they're all over the place. From planet-based events, to entities and units in star systems, anomalies, multi-stage investigation missions, election promises, and more!-THE GUD STUFF-Honestly, and we all know Canadians can't lie worth a damn anyway, Stellaris is one of the best games to come out of 2016 in my opinion. It takes elements of what make Grand Strategies so great, combines them with elements of what makes Sci-fi 4X so great, and then gives a simplified version of both styles of game that still has enough challenge, depth, and complexity to keep the average person entertained. And while some criticize Paradox for their habit of supporting games for years after release with mountains of tiny, cheaply priced DLCs and a few big expansions, I for one love this model. It will keep the game fresh in exactly the way I want it to be, without having to pay for the stuff I don't want.TL;DR, Stellaris is something of an underrated diamond in the rough. Paradox created a real gem here, and if you love strategy games (and moddable ones at that), then you absolutely don't want to miss out on Stellaris, which deserves a solid 8.5/10 in my books."
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,281990,23110312,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,nephilimnexus,"This will be a terrific game in about twenty more patches and with a good $200 worth of DLC modules added, because that's how Paradox rolls now.  After all, it worked for Crusader Kings 2.  That's not sarcasm, by the way.Seriously, itdidwork for CK2.  That's an awesome game and I've sunk far more time & money into it than I'd care to admit.  All that extra stuff has left me spoiled - I admit it - and nothing else than having that level of depth & complexity does it for me anymore.  Which I'm sure is exactly the way Paradox wanted it.  Their DLC model is perfectly addictive and it works.  The simple stuff is cheap, the deeper stuff costs a bit more, and you're never having your arm twisted to buy more than you want.But I also know that if I ever booted it up today with all those mods and all that DLC turned off I'd fall asleep on my own keyboard in fifteen minutes.  Like with any other addiction, you build up a tolerance.  You need that bigger dose to get anything out of it.  Which is fine once you've already got all that stuff.Stellaris, on the other hand, doesn't have all that other stuff yet.  Don't believe me?  Think about their espionage system.  Oh, that's right,there isn't any.Kind of odd that would be completely missing in a modern x4 game, isn't it?  Can you think ofanyother games in the x4 genre to come out in the last decade that doesn't have spies in any form?Yet here we are, completely lacking one, and why do you think that is?  Because it's going to be added latter.  Along side everything else that is so obviously missing.  After all, you can only pretend to be exicted about discovering the exact same four alien species (gas grazers, crystals, etc) so many times.  Anomalies may be interesting the first time you see them, but come back in a month and see if you actually stop to readanyof those info-blurbs.  You won't, because you've read them all fifty times already & now it's dull.  In fact, once that initial ""new game"" buzz wears off everything is going to feel dull real quick.Which is exactly what they want, because that's when the DLC train is going to start rolling in with twenty boxcars behind it.  Slowly but surely, dollar by dollar, Stellaris will indeed evolve into one of the greatest x4 space opera games ever made.  It may end up taking five years and costing you two hundred bucks, but as someone who's already been there with CK2, I can assure you that somehow it will feel worth it.  Seriously, it will.  And I have no problem with that.  It's a good system - it works.  I applaud their marketing technique.  It is brilliant.All I am saying is thatright nowis not the time to jump onto the Stellaris bandwagon.  Give it a little while and the patches will roll in, the price will come down, and the first DLCs will come out to start filling all the glaring empty spaces in the current game design.In short, come back in a year and I'm certain this review will be a very happy thumbs up.  But until then it's probably best to not pick up the habit until there's actually more out there to feed the addiction, otherwise you'll be left wanting."
76561197968055402,Not Recommended,281990,25787914,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Giant Space Hamster,"Stellaris is a game that I really want to like but ultimately it comes up short. What we have here is an interesting game engine without much substance. All the game features are too generic. I don't find myself caring about any other factions. There's nothing that immerses me in the universe. I'm just playing around with generic templates with no real end game (there are late game ""mega events"" to try and mix things up but they are also rather bland).Having played and loved EUIV I can sort of see how they might have ended making Stellaris like this. There are similarly generic mechanisms in EUIV but the trick is that the terrain (i.e. Earth) and the real world history behind each nation provides enough flavor and differentiates the otherwise generic cookie-cutter nations. In Stellaris, there's no terrain, just a big open space with stars scattered around, and the other races have nothing to make them stand out as memorable in any way.At best this feels like a proof of concept for a game engine that could be used to make a compelling game. Whether they knew that and are relying on modders and/or DLC or if they just didn't realize the shortcomings is unclear to me."
,Recommended,281990,23371932,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,"At last! A game that lets me play asAdolf Hitler, a friendly colonist that trades with otherinferiorraces! I can finally manage my population by systematicallypurging every race on the galaxythrough extense demographic investigation! Lastly, it seems that creating a mass genocide of more than 150 Pops doesn't have so many repurcussions, because remember kids, in space nobody can hear you purge.10/10 would purge the whole galaxy again"
,Recommended,281990,30358166,Posted: 6 March,all,Serylt,"Yes!Stellaris is one of those major 4X-Games that are still in development and bringing new content each patch with it.DLCs are expensive (10$-20$).Because of Development phase, Content is getting better, Mechanics are getting better.Might be hard to learn, so give it a try if you got money to spare.There is one major downside,the game does not support MultithreadingyetTherefore, the late game is almost unplayable due to being very slow and lagging.We can just hope that one day,... one day... multithreading will be possibleThis is my one begging to the Paradox-Team.8,6/10Edit:I correct: The problem is that there is no ""Multithreading"". The Engine is not the main problem, as I mentioned in a previous version."
,Recommended,281990,30921182,Posted: 3 April,all,Burn,"Stellaris is your typical Paradox grand strategy game which is set in space. The early-game is fantastic and it gives me great pleasure to explore the universe and its anomalies, making first contact and react to events. Once I reach mid-game, the game grinds to a painful halt. Many of the features and functions of this game are undeveloped and sometimes not very well thought through, but, knowing Paradox, this is something they will work on with future DLCs. All in all, this is a good game with greater potential waiting to be unlocked.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=866376927http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=886270273http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=866414678"
76561198071657860,Recommended,281990,26169317,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Cybar,"I don't write reviews. But this one deserves one.I'm 51 years old player. I started playing games with Sinclair Spectrum 48K (apart from ATARI console of course). I have played every legendary games of PC gaming history while they were first released. I bought a better PC for Wing Commander for example. In my player life, I have never misjudged a game. So, read this accordingly.This game has the feel of what 'Master of Orion' had at its time! And it has more to offer. It has a great potential. Although this is a strategy game, it absorbs you and when you manage your science vessel, you feel like, you are there. When you manage politics, you start thinking like a politician. You should see the whole picture and act accordingly. Some times your trivial decisions can lead a disastrous end for a planetary ecosystem which doesn't effect your people, but they managed to make feel you sorry for it.I advise to buy it. You wont regret. If you don't like it after first attempt, wait a little bit and try again, because devs are constantly at work and the game evolves.I won't give you a ist of pros and cons list. There are enough of them here.All I can say is that you will get your moneys worth, not less but most probably much more. And one day you will tell others, 'I played it before it became a legend!'.. ;)"
,Not Recommended,281990,29147421,Posted: 9 January,all,Draken,"In short:A refreshing new title to the genre of 4X, Stellaris introduces new concepts and is fun for a while. However, because of its very slow pacing & progression it doesn't have the fun factor and staying power of better titles in the genre.It's a good game at its core. But some design decisions ruin it for me. It will be frustrating if you are a gamer who cares about fun/time ratio, or just want to feel like you made progress in a play session. You will feel like it's a game you'd love to love, but you never manage to truly get into it because of its slowness and that feeling of ""playing chained"" it gives you.THE GOOD- A real attempt at innovation. Mechanics like immigration (population can move freely between planets and empires if enabled), robotic & synth ""build-able"" population, randomly generated races (including how they look), anomalies you discover in exploration, enlightenment (think of it as making city-states out of barbarians in civ), uplifting (genetically engineering pre-sentient species to make custom population types with traits you want), etc are new and a truly fresh and welcome additions to the genre. On this aspect alone the game should be applauded.- Great graphics & aesthetics. Love how planets, stars, and black holes look.- A huge time sink. Which is good for a lot of people but not for everyone since it mostly comes from a diluted experience. But if you are the kind of player who likes to stick with a single game for a long time then this is a good investment for you.- Big on exploration. It puts EXPLORATION back into 4X. Finding anomalies, new alien races, derelict ships, ancient artifacts and stories of ancient races, etc. Many varied events spice up the discovery of the universe.THE BAD- EXTREMELY slow. I am 75 hours in my first game and I haven't won yet. I will probably need twice that to win a single game. Everything takes forever and is not necessarily fun because too often you feel like the game is doing its best to slow your progress, thus a very strong feeling of ""playing chained"". Keep in mind, I AM PLAYING ON MAX SPEED! And only pause to issue orders when necessary.- Too micromanagement intensive. It is strange to see so much micro in a game that has the universe as a playground. It feels like a missed opportunity to focus on macro mechanics.- Tedious and repetitive on some tasks, like controlling survey ships system by system and no ""automate workers"" option like in similar titles. Note: Yes you can shift click to chain commands, but you lose the queue each time you find something like an anomaly so that's not practical. You will also eventually find a technology to automate survey ships, but that's gonna be way down the road and an expensive tech at that when you have better options.- Some extremely unfortunate design decisions. One example is that building takes always the same amount of time, with no option to accelerate or speed up the process no matter your level of power of technology. A planet that has 20 population and every upgrade will build a new power plant in the same exact speed as that other new colony you just built and that has 1 single population. If that wasn't bad enough, if you have Mining network level 3, you can't just build that right off... you have to build the 1, then upgrade to 2, then upgrade to 3... each of them taking months of fixed time that can never be made faster, not even through buying the damn building with credits like similar games. This means that the game starts slow and stays slow, no matter how powerful you get. This is quite bad because--in most games in this genre--we accept the slowness of careful building at the start with pleasure and anticipation knowing that playing it carefully well will lead to a spike in power later as things build up into a snowball effect. In Stellaris, you never quite hit that ""now watch me soar"" phase. It's just a full game seemingly stuck in ""slow settling"" phase.-Tediousvictory conditions and only 3 of them: (1) Own 40% of HABITABLE planets. Not just habited, but all habitable planets! ... and the universe is quite huge (2) Subjugate all other empires (that's a lot too because war is extremely slow, I'll explain why in the next point) (3) Have your federation (allies) control 60% of HABITABLE PLANETS, meaning even if you ally and conquer absolutely everyone, there's dozens or hundreds of planets for you to colonize still. Colonization being capped by Influence, which generates very slowly and is capped at 1000 storage, meaning you can't even stockpile it for the right time. Tedious! And there are no creative victory conditions like the science or cultural victories in civilization, just tedious conquest of the whole space one planet at a time. Even players who absolutely love this game will confess they rarely finish a game because it's so tedious to clean up for a victory.- Warfare is usually where you get to blow off some steam and get some blood flowing in this type of games. But nope, not here. Warfare is as tedious and as plagued by slowness as everything else. First, travel is very slow and traveling back and forth takes FOREVER because your warp engines heat up and need to cool down at every jump, and they need also to build energy for a jump. Second, you can't outright capture planets... even if you invade them the enemy will take them back automatically at the end of the war. The only way to capture planets is to say you want them UPON WAR DECLARATION, and there is a point system that limits how many you can demand. You can't demand more than 4 or 5 planets each war (costs 17-25 points per planet and your maximum points are 100), which makes it problematic and a chore to take down the bigger empires. And you can't outright vassalize bigger empires because the score to vassalize is too big (over 100), you have to make them smaller first and that goes through slow conquest a handful of planets at a time. So you wage war, take a few planets, have to wait 10 years to be able to declare war again, rinse and repeat, and this for EVERY empire in the game. Tedious! Not to forget that even after you do this, you still have to colonize habitable planets that nobody took. Shoot me in the head please.- Little sense of accomplishment at every play session. This is what absolutely kills it for me. Ok so you took a day off, you played Stellaris all day... and then you go to bed... feeling you did absolutely nothing. You wake up in the weekend, and do another full day of play thinking ""ok yesterday was slow but today I WILL make progress""... nope. Not happening. None of the 4X titles--or strategy games in general--make me feel like this and it's not a good feeling.BUY OR NOT?Stellaris is a gem. But a very flawed gem at the moment. Most of its issues come from a single source: The feeling that the designers were singing""make it slow! make it slow!""(in my mind in the rhythm of ""let it go"" from frozen) while making it.The good news is that this is a Paradox game and it is still being worked on. Will they fix it? Do they even consider this slowness a problem? I have no idea. But in the meantime, the slowness is the biggest factor deciding if you will enjoy the game or not.If sinking hundreds of hours in a single campaign is not a problem for you, you will probably like this game. It has enough innovation and eye candy to be likable. But if you actually want a game that has a pulse and decent pacing and energy, this game will frustrate you and you will move on to other titles relatively quickly.I would still get it on a big sale just to see the innovations it brings. But I definitely don't see this game as having the staying power of better titles like civilizations and endless space in its current state. It is mostly something you would buy if you already played and are tired of better games like civ and endless space."
76561198039153915,Not Recommended,281990,31282337,Posted: 21 April,all,CygnusX2112,"After not playing for several months, I recently decided to return to the game with the release of Utopia. However, if you want a more comprehensive review of Utopia, I would suggest reading the reviews on its own page. Suffice it to say that it greatly expands on Stellaris's initially lacking late game, and if you do chose to buy Stellaris, I would highly recommend you also purchase Utopia. Regardless of the new content that the various DLC's bring to the game, Stellaris remains let down by its one major flaw: War.Victory in Stellaris comes down to one thing, and one thing alone: the size of your military. You could create a race of pacifist bird-people, as an expample of Stellaris's impressive scope for diversity, but you'll probably end up conquered almost immediately. What about a race of reptilian scientists, deades ahead of the rest of the galaxy? Sure thing! But watch your back, if someone with a bigger navy comes rolling into town, you're probably not going to stand a chance! What about a humble democracy of Humans? You could do that too, but have fun getting penned in! From my 135 hours spent in-game, at least at the times of this writting, the only way I've found to not only rule the galaxy, but merely to survive in it as a sovereign state, is to play as a militaristic conqueror - or as a Hive Mind, one of the new forms of government added in the Utopia expansion.I would have no problem with this, as both EU and HOI are two of my personal favorite grand strategy franchises at the moment, and both are built around the concept of military conquest. However, war in Stellaris is much less nuanced and, frankly, over simplified than it is in either of those aforementioned games. As hinted at above, it comes down to ""He who has the biggest fleet wins."" ""So why not just build more ships?"" you ask. Well, let me tell you: the number of ships you can have in your navy at any one time is limited. It can, however, be increased by constructing orbital space stations around your colonized worlds, or through various technologies. The key then becomes colonizing worlds faster than your opponents, something easier said than done, given that colonization, at least in the early game, is a massive drain on your exonomy.Therefore, a balance must be struck durring the early game and maintained throughout the rest of the game: on one hand you must expand your empire, witch is expensive, and in the mid to late game - when most of the galaxy has already been claimed by one empire or another - requires and impressive navy. You must also invest in science facilities on planets, along side research stations in orbit, to ensure your technological supremacy. Not to mention power generation facilities - the main currency in Stellaris is, of course, ""Energy Credits"" - and mines. All of which consume the same resources that you need for the expansion and maintenance of your navy.This is an EXTREMELY brief overview of war in Stellaris. In short, I find it a tedious nightmare to manage. But this is, after all, a Paradox game. I have every confidence that in another year - not to mention in another two or three years - Stellaris will be a fantastic game. Right now, it's little more than a foundation. In time, something spectacular could be built here. It just hasn't been built yet."
76561197988061338,Recommended,281990,22891378,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,RileyWRussell,"I played this for 14 straight hours on release day and only quit because it was 1am and I have a wife, 2 kids and a job?This is going to be a god damn problem....."
76561198012711922,Not Recommended,281990,23311624,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Captiva,"This game starts off awesome and then drags really bad after about 15 hours. I am having trouble getting motivated to even start playing my save again it has gotten so boring, and the time it takes to restart just to see if it will all happen again will be just as boring.This game is missing a lot of content that should be in base game. Some form of trade, better AI, more events, diplomacy is a joke, etc.I dont hate the game, but if you want a full experience, it is not here. The start of the game is done, and that is it.It takes a long time to play because nothing happens unless you want to just go around and kill everybody, and combat is lackluster, so that will get stale quick too.You will easily spend tens of hours just moving science and construction ships around the map in a normal game waiting on something to happen.I personally wish i had not fell for the hype and waited.As long as the devs fix up the base game to be a complete experience without selling us the missing parts in DLC, i will probably change this review in future."
76561198079336898,Not Recommended,281990,23013193,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Donuts StrongJaw,"Stellaris launched as a skeleton for DLC and, as a result, has very little in the way of meaty content. The game is an ostensible fusion of Grand Strategy and 4X, featuring massive scale, intragovernmental management, POPs, strategic resources, government types, etc. While it has the makings of the 4Xs and a smattering of strategy, it fails in both regards. I cannot recommend it in its present state. Having played Utopia, this includes that present state as well.The game utterly lacks any deep systems outside of population management; there is no intergalactic economy to speak of, no trade routes, no logistical considerations for war (no fuel or ammunition), very limited options when declaring war (you can only conquer/liberate/vassalize planets/systems/empires, respectively; you cannot enforce government types, abduct citizens, execute leaders, or claim unsettled systems), very little in the way of planetary management (the sector system ensures that you'll rarely hold any more than 10 planets in a given game, whereas the galaxy can contain several hundred; on top of that, it's basically a similar version of GalCiv2's planet management screen with clunkier automation - you develop tiles and place people on them, that's it), very little control over research, and no espionage. You do a lot of clicking to affect little direct change.The leader system, where you can recruit extraordinary citizens from available populations in your empire, boils down to nothing more than a bunch of timed, growable modifiers. Leaders have no personality whatsoever. They do not trigger trait-specific events, and they have no effect on interactions with other empires unless they have traits that do. There are no feuds between two God-Emperors, no presidents detested by embittered rival empires, no events dealing with leaders of other empires, or anything of the sort. Contrast with CK2, where the characters of your leaders vastly affects the composition of your realm, even in vanilla.What depth there is remains inconsequential in most playthroughs. It's not like CK2, where you have to learn the ins-and-outs of managing vassals to have a shot at governing a large empire. The new faction system, while a good source of flavor and short-term objectives, feels neutered. I haven't even bothered with gene modifiation since I'm doing just fine without that kind of expensive, time-consuming optimization.Everywhere you look, it feels like something is missing. Interactions with other empires boils down to conquering them or allying with them and conqering them later. POPs management consists of spamming certain resources/actions/other POPs when factions get unruly and colonizing certain planets with certain species. War is a Kinetics-beat-all spam-off where cruisers dominate the meta. Dealing with primitives involves picking one of four options and waiting, or just invading them like you would an AI - except it's even easier. Research consists of crossing your fingers and waiting for the game to generate the techs you want. Managing planets stays the same all throughout the game since anything beyond your first few get relegated to self-governing, inefficient sectors. There's just nothing worth engaging with, mechanically. Even exploration, the best-executed feature in the game, becomes worthless once you're either boxed in or you've already gathered data on other systems via map exchanges in a buggy, antiquated trading interface.Buy something like Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion instead. At least that game has compelling combat."
,Recommended,281990,34889281,Posted: 11 September,all,Zen-Tech,"This is the only game I have ever reviewed but holy hell this game is amazing. This review is current up to the v1.6.2 patch and is subject to lots of change and improvement. It has its weak points so I'll just shoot off that small list first.Ground combat - It’s pretty bland and has no interaction outside of army set up.Diplomacy - Cut and dry with very few options outside of your standard 4x games, Federation system needs major improvement outside of “Has a big military”.Espionage - There is none. The major flaw with Ethics being such a huge part of the game; having nearly no way for less militant empires to directly change Ethics in a rival or neighboring country.Now with that being said this game’s shine vastly outweighs its current flaws.  If you consider yourself a world builder, or someone who loves to become immersed and encounter almost endless replayability this is nothing short of a treasure trove for you to have hours of your life sucked into. This game really gives you the ability to play out any sci-fi fantasy story you may have thought of. The ability to customize a vast amount of variables; Ranging from the genetic traits of your species to what type of FTL travel physics will allow for in this galaxy. All of this before you even begin the game. Once you begin the game the entire galaxy is procedurally generated with the parameters you defined and fills in ones you didn’t. It allows for endless stories to be formed around when, how, and who you are when you react to a situation.The best part of this game is the community, both the players, modders, and developers are quite invested. Patches coming in often to respond to community request, a massive modding community (With overhaul mods for Star Wars, Star Trek, and more), and a large player base full of discussion about the game. We all know paradox has a history with DLC content...but I have been pleasantly surprised by this game. Almost every DLC pack has been well worth the money. The story packs such as leviathan and utopia are an immediate buy. They add so much content. All in all 9.9/10TLDR: Buy this game...just...do it."
76561198106013105,Recommended,281990,22920750,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"StellarisI really like this game. It is a lot of fun. Stellaris is much more than the typical Space 4X game.I play on super slow most of the time, which is why I have a lot of hours but have yet to finish a game. My first game went wrong, I was in a nebula so my fleets moved slower, but worse I had no minerals. After 20 years of gameplay I had mineral income of 12 per month. I could have stuck with it as there was a very weak enemy Empire I coud take out, but I restarted.My second game is great! I have room to expand and even won two wars so far.Stellaris has neat technology system, where you get to choose from 3 different techs each time. SOmetimes techs are different to choose from, so you have to choose the best for you when you can.Diplomacy is ... WOW! You can trade, set rivals, have embassies. There are also alliances and federations.Also, the population management system is full-blown. I have a binch of conquered worlds where the pops have Fanatic Xenophobic ethos = thta means they hate aliens, meaning me. Err, these pops are hard to manage! FUN !!! I guess over time things will smooth out.Love the ships and the ship design system. Ships have slots to place Weapons, Defenses+Reactors and also Support. I like designing the ships from time to time, and refits are a snap to handle.Oh, part of playing is sending out Science ships and Construction ships. This means a little bit of micro-management. I like it, others don't.The early game is slowwwwww .... some players would get bored, but I love it.Graphics are nice and the soundtrack is wonderful.I really enjoy this game. It is now one of my favorites, I am certain Paradox will improve the game even more. Currently there are no game breaking bugs, but there are a few quirks here and there.Overall, Stellaris is a great game!"
76561198007359613,Not Recommended,281990,28329509,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SaintD,"This is easily the absolute worst game I have ever sunk so much time into. But I'm done, I give up. This game is domestic abuse. You're desperate to play what you want this game to be, and it will keep punching you in the face with bad design on every level.The first thing you'll see is the UI. Don't be fooled, it's terrible. While functional enough on first introduction, like everything else with this game spending time with it results in constantly having to struggle with utterly amateurish problems. Fleet control is non-existent, thanks to having access only to a 'split half' button, and splitting off a new fleet via a list...and clicking every single individual ship. There's no shift click, drag click, zero functionality whatsoever. One click, ship moves. And if you click too fast it bugs out, registers a click outside the box, declares you must be done and goes with whatever was moved. Oh, and after every click the list scrolls back up to the top. So if you want to split off the battleships at the bottom of the fleet list in your 300 ship fleet, you need to scroll down, click, scroll back down, click, scroll back down....this is the quality of life the Stellaris UI consistently delivers to you. It creates frustrating micromanagement tasks where even the slightest degree of sci-fi strategy game experience and savvy would have resulted in none.So you're playing the game, you got some planets. You probably lost some science ships and leaders to 'lolrandom' RNG event failures that are the antithesis of strategy and risk management (you can't manage risk when there's no feedback on risks, so design like this is poor in any game and, again, amateurish), but whatever. Now we're up against the 'core systems' limit. See, for some reason this game was intended to be a macro scale grand strategy game, so obviously they put in absolutely tons of micro-intensive planetary tiles all with individual population and buildings. Because that's good design. Macro game, add loads of micro features. Genius. So, seeing this problem of an ever increasing micromanagement burden on the player as they expand, the designers added a solution! A planetary planner, so you can simply lay out what you want the planet to eventually look like and it'll develop itself towards it!....that's a joke, the actual solution is to force you to give the planet over to a 'sector', which places it entirely under the control of the AI. See, having introduced all these population and building mechanics, the designed solution is to then *force you to watch the AI f*** it up on your behalf*. As a result, the entire game consists of nothing more than you personally administrating a handful of planets, the research, and your fleet, while any other planet in your empire operates as an almost entirely untouchable (remember, terrible UI) AI controlled resource feeder that you have to spend highly limited influence points to regain control of for any reason. THAT'S the solution. Introduce tons of micromanagement features into your macro game, then force you to not interact with it. Oh, and remember, since playing around with your space navy is one of the only things you've got to do, because diplomacy is a shallow + and - numbers affair you usually have little power to affect (or care about), you have to recall back to the terrible UI for actually controlling your space navy. Yay. Fun.Since the AI is consequently such a powerful focus in the game, what with it controlling even the majority of your own empire, it is, obviously, top notch.....yeah, no, that was another joke, it's terrible. The AI will, with it's own empires and with your sectors, often fail to develop planets at all. The result is, oh my look at that, intensive micromanagement as you try to properly set up a world so the sector AI won't screw up with it after you hand it over, and a staggering degree of incompetence by opposing empires, who will all invariably be Space North Korea thanks to their patiently expanded military fleet and facepalmingly weak economy.The Steam review section simply doesn't allow the word limit to go over the flaws in Stellaris. The problem is that they're not immediately apparent. My assertion that Stellaris is like domestic abuse was, putting aside the inevitable 'triggerings' I'll get posted to me, very carefully chosen. You're going to be drawn into the idea of this game, you're going to want to play it. And then there'll be problems. It'll be shallow. Poor design will get in the way. But you're still invested in the idea of Stellaris....we all are, we want a cool sci-fi macro strategy game that's less opaque and nicer on the eyes than Distant Worlds: Universe! You'll buy the DLC. One is an overpriced cosmetic. The other adds a few bits of content that should have been in release and don't do enough to add life to a sterile galaxy of RNG anolomies and mining stations. You eagerly await each patch. They're supporting the game! It's expanding, getting better! ....except it isn't. The core experience remains *exactly the same*. Shallow. Dull. Frequently demanding of cookie cutter approaches. Sectors have been a failing so prevalent and consistent since launch that they....declared them to be fine, forced everyone into a single thread for it, then ignored the thread entirely.It took 288.9 hours for the endless stack of Stellaris straws to turn the back of my camel into a thin paste, and admit that I was working far, far too hard to try and get something, anything of what I WANT Stellaris to be from the pitiless, cold hands of the reality of what Stellaris IS, and will always be given the current direction and attitude of the developers,  judging by the forums.Hell, people can look at my review history and conclude I just ♥♥♥♥♥ about big games everyone loves, but I'll tell you this; I'd flip every single damned thing to recommended in comparison to Stellaris. Yes/No is a binary state. In a more granular world I'd have put Fallout between 50 and 60. Stellaris I'd give a 40, and that's a rating that can be achieved by anything that runs stable. Big whoop, well done. That's my Stellaris recommendation: ""It didn't crash."" Feel free to f***ing quote me on it."
76561198182753941,Recommended,281990,30353930,Posted: 6 March,all,Katy Perry,">Start a new game as religion xenophobic fungus people>Encounter new civilization>They are very friendly>I purge them and lay waste to all their worlds>repeat this until i own a quarter of the galaxy>End game crisis begins>Use all of my military might saving the galaxy from certain death>seeing my fleets are gone everyone brings up that one time i purged everyone i met>Galaxy and 2 fallen empires declare war on me>learing from my mistakes i start a new game>Meet frienly new race>I purge themStellaris has many different styles to play your empire, so youre gonna want to make sure you dont misclick on those when trying to create the master race to end all other races."
,Recommended,281990,23113198,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lankester,"Very good game; a couple of shortcomings that I expect will be addressed in the expansions that are bound to follow. 23 hours /played, still having lots of fun. The AI is weak (at the default difficulty), in war it just follows you everywhere you go. Combat UI is very rudimentary, no real control over the tactics or individual ships. Personally I applaud the decision to move away from micromanaging stuff (à la Galactic Civilizations micromanagement nightmare), having most of it done with a few clicks, but it needs AI improvements to work properly. Still, a very good move.Currently 8 - 8.5/10 for me - a diplomacy / war expansion would make the game 9/10. Stellaris is well worth it."
76561198026705042,Recommended,281990,24144900,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"Updated 23/11/2016Nominated to Steam Rewards: Just 5 more minuteshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=716385166&tscn=1467831679Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. It’s five year mission…I’m not a Trekkie, but if you can imagine William Shatner reading those words at the start of a new game of Stellaris, continue reading.Stellaris is, for Paradox, a new beginning in a long curriculum of strategy games. They have change Earth for the Galaxy and they have done a good game where you can invest a lot of hours just in your first game with your custom race. At the moment of this review, I have played for 33 hours just with my first race and I have seen 1/3 of the galaxy and contacted with just 6 other races.There were some bugs at the previous versions that are fixed and the most common problem is that there are not enough events at mid-end game, but with mods this is not a real problem. Because the mod community is very active in this game.The game, like vanilla, is pretty good: choose race, play with it just at the beginning of space era and start exploring the galaxy with your ships in one of the 3 types of engines you can travel through the galaxy: Warp, like Star Trek. Hyperjump, like Endless space.  And wormholes, like Farscape. Then, first contact with a new galactic empire, politics, alliance, war…All this appears in it’s right moment and you don’t get bored.But it’s really with mods, allowed and promoted by Paradox, that this game really shines: Do you want to play like Klingons, with their ships models and warp adapted to Star trek rules (3 days of cd instead of 20), fighting to Romulans, Feds and Borg?You can. To play like the Tau’ri of Stargate?Yeah. Or navigate through the space searching for Arrakis like an Atreides?Yep, that too.Change your ships, colors, music, rules, hud, planets, races… all you can imagine, is possible, so this game is in fact, a lot of games inside just one.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=711893542Graphics:Beautiful. With the last patch the space boxes has been improved and using two keys you hide the HUD.Sound:Stellaris music is good. Specially the opening theme “Creation and beyond”, which is epic. The others themes are there while you are exploring the galaxy but just as background.Story:Well… you make your own story but in the game there are events that appear on planets, or new contacts or from the orbit of a planet with your science ship, researching the ruins of an ancient culture.  These events start quest chains, which uses to give a boost of science, a plus to damage to the species you are analyzing…The IAis pretty good. You have 3 levels of difficulty so choose wisely.Combat:It remembers me Sins of a solar empire. It’s adaptable because you have different weapons with different ranges and accuracy, shields… and a lot of kind of ships.Race Options:Espionage!! I really miss this. But you have a lot of options to tune up your race: slavery, first contact, emigration, edits to boost science…Sectors:When you arrive to manage a lot of planets, you can group them into sectors ruled by a governor who will done all for you while you keep managing your most important planets.I could say more, but these points are the most important. If you like what you have read you will be in love with this game, guiding your race…to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=711025454Some Tips:If you are an achievement hunter, you have to play ""Ironman mode"", that means you have to look at your mods very carefully, because they can be the reason you get no achievement.If you are a screenshot hunter, this game can offer you some very nice shots, if you want to learn more about this, take a lookat my guideUpdate/Edit:20 hours more played so I can say something more:Espionage: is not really necessary, it would be nice to know more about your competitors, but when you contact a Race you know each political change done for it, each alliance, each war... This can turn you into madness because, except wormhole FTL, normally you send some explorers ships around the galaxy, and when you met a new race (you get a plus of influence for each new contact)  you let them to research your language to start the communications (if you do it, you will lose time on other research) but when you known about their existence... you will get information of each political movement of ALL of them.Once you see a ship of that race, you can ""analyze"" and see the components, which will tell you their FTL spec, weapons, etc and you can start to adapt your ships in case of war.Sectors: The way to fragment your empire into sectors is very helpful, because now I have about 20 planets, plus ships, plus diplomatic contacts, plus terraforming planets, plus frontier fortifications, plus investigation, plus problems with my robotic population.... soooo really a good idea to let you group  planets to let the IA to manage them for you, building and upgrading buildings and build ships to build stations around planets to get energy, minerals... (a lot of ""build"" there :/)You tell them what to be focused on and that's all. Also, you will continue be allowed to send orders to the orbital stations to build any ship you want, including colony ships.Combat: When you see a new tech about Orbital Station, choose that, because that will allow you to build bigger ships which is the key to win wars. Also, energy and weapons must be balanced to a powerful ship, you won't be allowed to use the biggest weapon if you are with the first energy generator.A nice detail: When you contact the space creatures named ""ameabas"" and you defeat them, you can study their remains. This will allow you to build one of the best ""fighters"" weapon of the game.Combat shipWars:  To start a War, you have to sign a document saying ""WHY"". To get this planet, to integrate him into my empire, to humiliate them... you have to add the reasons, and each one will have a number, which means the ""damage"" you have to inflict to that empire to surrender and negotiate with you the terms. If you have added to the document that you want 2 planets, you can demand them, but you can't ask for a 3rd planet, you have to think before star a war.Wars don't last forever. Even when you fight to a superior Empire that declared war to you, you can stand, hold and with time you will be able to ask ""white peace"", that means a draw.This can sound strange but in game it creates a break in the situacion.Example: I was fighting to an empire, and idiot. During that fight, another Empire declared war to me, not a trouble but he was in a coalition with a very strong Empire who joined the fight. So, I was fighting against 3 empires at once.I could finish one war, and stand with the other 2 empires. They give me a lot of troubles but I hold and could declare white peace, that gives you time to recover yourself and your fleet, change tactics, weapons, search allies, research for more techs and when peace time is over... let's see again our faces.This method gives you and the others empires a way to survive and not be smashed for another one like a bug."
,Not Recommended,281990,24243820,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Adi,"Quick recommendation: Not for full price, go for it if it's on saleAs a fan of Paradox grand-strategy games I had high hopes for this 4X game but I'm really disappointed. The first few hours are the most fun, when you are still learning and the noob mistakes you make have consequences, giving you a challenge. However you learn the mechanics of this game VERY fast and once you do the game is very easy. Early game consists of rapid-expansion and colonization of undisovered systems and then choosing to destroy your neighbours or build up an alliance. After that, the game is immesnely boring.The problem with this game is that there is zero depth to anything, combat about building a single doomstack to annihilate your enemy quickly, diplomacy and trade doesn't exist, the game is remarkably easy. The one thing that gave me something to do whilst whizzing through at max-speed was micromanaging my colonies, however due to the sector system I am now penalized massively if I choose to keep my planets outside of a sector - thought o be fair, handicapping myself like this does give me more to manage.I feel like this game was abondoned half-way through development, or they are releasing the rest of the game later as a DLC. Either way, poor effort by Paradox."
,Not Recommended,281990,28137991,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,voker57,"It was a promising game, great visuals, some stories, but:1. Frustrating and fiddly UI (subspecies management, fleet splitting, army management). For example, to build a proper army, you have to manually click every unit and add an attachment, which is very low-cost and has no drawback. Only problem is clicking a lot.2. No real depth to the game. No supply mechanics, just build anywhere. Only viable strategy for war is doomstacking. Fortificating is useless because even top-tier space defense station can be easily overcome by contemporary fleet, most it can do is shoot down unarmed transports being carelessly sent by AI.3. Events are interesting, deep and varied, but all scripted and you get the same ones every game (mostly), Gets boring after first time.4. Performance gets AWFUL from mid into late game. Game gets choppy and frustrating to look at with anything but five ships on the screen. Only one CPU core is ever used. Expect FPS-death.5. AI is dumb, sending numerous unarmed fleets to their death. Only way it can win is via cheating which is called ""difficulty setting"".6. Most of the game is spent micromanaging your planets, ensuring the best positioning of buildings. You have to process each planet manually to achieve good returns, but you can't keep them all under manual control so you have to give them out to ""sectors"". Having only small pool of planets to manage yourself results in frustrating fiddling with sectors. Otherwise you have at best sub-par performing planets, at worst AI ""management"" causes happiness to drop and sectors revolt. A lot of research is useless, a lot is must have and clearly they didn't think about balancing it much, just threw a ton of tech with +X percent to something in.Free updates are ongoing, but while fixing stuff they kinda break game even further. They tack the shiny stuff like perks, quests, and carbon copy of Civ 5 culture perks on top without fixing basic stuff. Only year after release they FINALLY are contemplating adding drawing resources from sectors which everybody have been suggesting on forums from day 1. Certain overpowered ship parts were ""fixed"" by dramatically restricting your option for ships: every ship size is locked into its role and has very restricted options for weapons. There's still no any signs about adding some kind of espionage system (will probably be in DLC two years from now).Stay away unless in far future they patch this mess up (unlikely, they will never abandon the sinking engine, like Bethesda)."
76561198067835421,Recommended,281990,22917499,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,iPsychoticOrca™,"Great game, don;t let IGN tell you otherwise. A solid grand-strategy that took the Paradox dev. team to a place they had never tried to make a game out of before. The game is solid, and only has a few quality of life issues, which are minor things compared to the games near inpecable design."
,Recommended,281990,22921448,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chilson,"I give this a tepid recomendation. A lot of Paradox fanboy's are giving this a lot of hype (as other steam reviews will demonstrate), but i don't actually feel this game deserves that much praise. where to startGOOD-Customization is wonderful, it is just awesome-The initial gameplay of explore, colonize, research, fight small skirmishes, and all the other typical 4x systems work enough to make you feel excited and keep you occupied at the beggining of the game.-it good to be able to micro manage planets and not make it feel like a boring chore *cough* CK2 casltes *cough*-the way you research is actually fun and engaging-micro managing fleets, fleet armanents and building defensive structures can actually be really fun.-MULTIPLAYER IS AWESOME, JUST STELLARBAD-diplomacy....what the hell happened to diplomacy??? green and red opinion modifiers are nothing new, but there is no feeling that these other species are alive. its all about getting that trade bar at ""1 green"" when trading and that is all that matters with AI. at least with EU4 and CK2 i felt that there were some ""people"" behind the decisions and not just a literal green modifier that forces them to accept no matter what.-forming alliances and federations is a hassle since the alliance has to approve wars (you can't go solo when in an alliance) and federations change presidents, causing the AI to take control and do something stupid. federations can also overlap with some species, meaning if i attack species ""x"" in federation ""x"" with species ""Y"" who also happens to be a different federation called ""Y"" then it calls both federations Y and X into the war even though i am not declaring on species Y. I don't know if this is a bug, but its dumb ethier way.-battles are non interactive and you can barely see all those minor improvements you painstakingly updgraded and researched for your fleets.-science ships and construction ships become a hassle in the late game since you have to manually control them, take a lesson from Civilzation and add an explore or auto build button.-planets become a hassle as you get to the late game, making it clear the UI was clearly not designed for super late game.-wars take way to long at the late game, i have spent 30 years sieging half this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s planets and destorying his fleets. but he won't surrender because there is no war exhaustion system, at least i don't believe so.to sum it up. early game-mid game are quite fun, but late game is a micro managing hell that the UI was not designed for, wars are not that interesting due to how stale the battles are, and diplomacy is boring. However, all these problems (not the UI one, but i can live with that) are fixed by the stellar mulitplayer and that was what this game was really designed for considering how Paradox marketed it for. hell the first button on the home screen is multiplayer and not single player. i just wish more time and energy went to the UI and single player."
76561197970913606,Recommended,281990,22908092,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sterling,"TL;DR - If you secretly wanted Darth Vader to turn Luke to the Dark Side and end up ruling the galaxy then this game is for you.-Play as glorious military republic, ""The Aureate Society""-Survey the Procyon System.-Find industrial age race on planet Romulus-Decide to build an observation station above their planet for scientific purposes-Discover I can start infiltrating their planet's governments with my agents-The going is slow but eventually start taking over-All top levels of their governments are now infiltrated by agents of the glorious Aureate Society-To the unrelentful joy of the snail people of Romulus my agents, ie their leaders, sign a treaty of annexation-Romulus is now part of the Aureate Society-Snail people soon discover that life under a bigoted despot isn't all what their leaders made it out to be-Start enslaving snail people-The Aureate are decadent and are unhappy if they don't have enough slaves-Very happy now-Snails start to rally under a leader with ambitions to free its people-Realize production is failing on snail planet of Romulus as a result of massive riots, lead by snail rebels-Need those minerals-Need those slaves-Start moving in the Aureate to cull the riots-Doesn't work-Snails persistent-Snails believe in equality-Aureate don't believe in equality-Aureate have guns-Find neat little button-""Purge population""-Should we-Really-Yes we should-None shall rise-Purge entire planet of snail people-Snail people extinct-mfw I realize my people are angry-not because I purged the snail people-but because I purged THEIR snail people"
,Not Recommended,281990,23815206,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NoPanic,"Current verdict (6/26/2016, version 1.1): No.There are several things that you expect from a 4X and several things that you expect from Paradox when you keep in mind they've had ages perfecting their designs through Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, etc. So do they deliver?The game as a 4X-title and what Paradox does bestArguably one of the most important elements of this genre is missing. Expanding your empire only really happens through extermination, rarely if ever through diplomatic means. The method to do so is still as bland as in Europa Universalis. You vassalize and run down the clock, until you can click that magical button to integrate/annex. At least, EU still had some parameters to fulfil, make sure to match religion, realize that certain government types cannot be annexed through certain methods, and so on. There is something missing. It is something to worry about because diplomacy is generally not Paradox's strong suit. Can they still fix it?This also holds true for exploration of both the map and technology. The first few runs in the game will be great. There are new events popping up, some funny, some great references and generally good stuff. However, as you increase the number of restarts you'll notice there are too few events. You will run the same quest lines over and over again with each and every one of your empires. And as the game drags on, fewer and fewer new events will pop up. Now this is very much fixable, since it just needs more time. And I fully expect this content to be (p)added. What is slightly worrysome though is how barebones it is compared to previous Paradox titles. If anything it feels rushed. (And even though I am not necessarily against DLC expansions, I have to say that I am slightly worried about how many DLC packs it's going to take to turn this into a living galaxy.)What I do love about the game is the initial feeling. Setting up your own alien race, designing (get mods to add options though) your empire, and then starting out on a single planet,  it all feels great. You'll explore the system, and then warp to the next. The first time it feels exciting. Unfortunately this excitement comes down a little when you realize the AI is extremely passive, refuses most advanced trade agreements and is just not fun to deal with. They do each have their own  character traits (the same way you can set out to be a xenophobic militarist) but apart from the greeting messages they don't seem to actively pursue their own goals.Can they fix it?Now, they do have a seemingly solid foundation for the game. It looks quite good and I don't necessarily agree with others that the UI is horrible. It's quite similar to previous Paradox-titles, which have always been a bit cluttered. Certainly there are some things that should intuitively work that don't. (Mostly shortcuts like going to the planets overview and not being able to assign orders from there.) However, I think the UI-issues are mostly fixable, especially since mods have shown that it is possible to reduce the amount of nuisance.My main concern is how they are going to fix the non-event based gameplay. Paradox is great at having event chains with interesting and funny dialogue but given the lack of a historical background between the empires there has to be more in there to keep the game flowing when it's not directed through events. Diplomacy needs a major overhaul and so does trading. There needs to be more activity in space. More rogue empires or rogue planets. Even if empires are not going to war with eachother as much, there still needs to be action. Especially planets far from the home system need to be more susceptible to revolt. Common threats in the galaxy only pop up near the end to ""finish"" the game. The most damning argument to Paradox having rushed the game is the fact that pirates only pop up once, and always at the same time, every playthrough. They spawn in a system close to you and then attack one of your stations. You kill them, and that's it. It almost feels like a placeholder event.I am sure that people will disagree with me and say that Paradox is great, not at all like EA, Ubisoft and what have you, but I am not a fan of their heavy reliance on DLC. Yes, they add a lot of content (mostly a whole bunch of events, with one added mechanic) but added up it does cost quite a bit. My OCD forces me to get the complete package, which is why I usually wait until I can get a gold edition or something. I decided to give Stellaris a go so I could get into it before the DLC packs start flying. And I can't help but feel it is very empty after those first few times you play. So it is with a heavy heart that I await how much I have to invest to get the real experience.So should I get it or not?Currently I would say no. I loved the initial hours. It was great. If I had written my review after the first 10 hours it would have been a definite recommendation. But having gone past the early excitement I can't recommend it. It's a teaser. Along the lines of Early Access, I suppose. We get to see what it's like and now we have to wait until the expansions hit the store.I'm sure it will be great after a few DLC packs. If you're a patient man I would wait for the bundle."
76561198166695571,Recommended,281990,26609641,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,davlamin69,"Great Game!-Started playing a co-op game with my friend, playing as allies- start of sandwitched between him and 2 Fallen Empires- find a nice Gaia world- Settled on it- Both Fallen Empires claimed planet a holy site- Declare war on me- about 12 fleets, around 20k strong each appear instantly around my empire (I only have 2 around 13k each)- Lost game within minutes12/10 would attempt a holy war again."
76561198032127116,Recommended,281990,22906723,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DarthVishis,"9/10The game is awesome. It's smooth, elegant, sounds great, looks great, and is stable.This is no trivial game that you can master, finish and discard in a couple dozen hours.I imagine this is a game I will continue playing for months, if not years, especially as new content is released. Stellaris is a STRATEGY game, and makes no bones about it, as there is barely even a nod towards tactical elements.The one thing I love about Stellaris above most other games in this genre .... there are actual STAR SYSTEMS, not just planets floating in space or arbitrary placeholders. Ships which warp or jump into a system have to traverse the system or wait for their jump drives to cool down before they can jump again. As an immersive factor, this WORKS for me.The nature of the game is TOTALLY suited to modding and customisation. I can imagine people designing the entire star wars galaxy or star trek galaxy or empire of man or warhammer 40k universe or starcraft universe in this. I literally cannot wait to see what modders will do in terms of race design, 3d models, static galaxy designs, story driven gameplay, event chains, etc.Stellaris has given a massive POKE IN THE EYE to those who think 4x games cannot encompass multiple stardrive types and should be simplified to managing hyperlane bottlenecks.You will love it if- you like sandbox games- you want control of customisation- you want to set your own goals, and drive your own agenda- you love science fiction stories, as the anomalies and events in the game are like a story unfolding, absolutely amazing.You will hate it if- you are a twitch gamer wanting a rail-shooter in space- you want the game to drive the agenda for you- you just wanna kill things and couldn't be bothered to read.Being a sandbox, i imagine it will suit the multiplayer environment much better than the single player environment, but it is still an awesome single player experience.There are a few things missing, but they detract very little from the game experience.- there are only randomly generated games, no campaign modes- there are no freighters, passenger ships, trade routes, etc.- the game is pseudo 3d, and effectively plays out on a flat galaxy map- no tactical combat mode, but its well done, with combat seamlessly playing outin real time on the strategic map.- current diplomacy is not that complex, no espionage, sabotage, etc. But the sheer number of species and diversity adds its own complexity.- being a sandbox, there is currently no campaign, but I am sure the modding community will solve this.- while there are leaders (governals, admirals, scientists, etc) with traits, experience and skills, they are randomly generated, not a result of a complex relationship engine as in CK2. Not a big deal to me, but I imagine some would have hoped for this. I can imagne a system like rome total war with governing families leading factions might have worked.Many of the tricks the designers missed in the realease version, I imagine can be added in future content, or through modding."
,Not Recommended,281990,23197408,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mr.Arrow |UC|™,"- Diplomacy is weak for a Grand Strategy game- AI is problematic for the time being- Mid game content is not enough- Late game crisis events feel out of place-AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for both vassal & allies,that keeps following your biggest fleet during the war-War Score system is broken.In this game,you can vassalize an empire that's 2x bigger than yours for only 60% of the warscore,but you can't cede more than 4 planets because the war score is too ""high""Overall,this game is unfinished.It's better for you to wait for an expansion pack."
76561198054167328,Recommended,281990,26117452,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SteveRaptor,"I have been through most of them space 4x games.MOO series, Endless space, Endless Space 2...And in all of them, something went missing, i couldn't plug myself to those games for more then 3 hours.But then  I discovered this game.Its incredible, its like the developers really did their homework on what makes a space 4X both interesting, innovative and different from the competition.To start off.Unlike endless space, which is a big excel spreadsheet with a graphic engine and very hostile to new players, stellaris's learning curve is fair, while not simple at first glance, the tutorial AI puts you on track through your first few hours.Unlike all 4X space games, this is no turn based game, which is a huge plus for me at least, its real time with a pause option, and the game's pace is balanced perfectly with it.Research projects feels important, there are plenty of them, and none of them feel like a ""filler"" or just projects you ""rush through"" with disregard like most 4X games.There is strategy and thinking involved there, which can result in different outcomes.Paradox did well to adress the ""everyone research the same tech"" problem that plagues most 4x games.Because of the game's robust costumization system, you will find yourself in a different research and tech pathes than your opponenets.Talking about costumization, its outstanding.Stellaris lets you costumize your empires ethics and goals, which shape out your gameplay and ethos.You can be a space hitler and conquer by force, or you can use diplomacy, alliances, annexion to achieve victory.And in addition to that, you get different benefits in terms of special tech, buildings, diplomacy and bonuses depending on your path to victory, every ethos and game play get its own set of tools for the job.Stellaris's ""Explore"" criteria is done really well, as you explore the galaxy you discover anomalies, (which serve more then boring cash rewards), they can result in quests, unlocking better research/mineral nodes on star systems, special ships and sometimes rare planets.In addition, in terms of movement through the galaxy, the game has the best of all worlds.If you like hyperlanes like in MOO and sins of the solar empire, you got it.If you hate hyperlanes and prefer unrestricted movement through warp travel, you got that covered as well.And if you like something a abit different you have wormholes.The space combat in stellaris feels great, while you don't have direct control of your ships during the battle itself, you do have control of everything else, think of like playing ""Manager football games"".You can build and costumize your ships and loadous, and there are a very big variety of weapons and modules you can play with.You can give them beheviors via said modules (aggressive rush, or keeping formation for long range engagments).The game has great events and quests that can pop out of nowhere and give some interesting lore and RP elements as well as good rewards, and helps breaks the routine.The endgame of stellaris also has few surprises it can throw at you when you thought you already won.A sudden invasion of zerg-like creatures or energy beings that threaten to wipe all life from the galaxy pumps you back on your feet and require a direct response.Fallen empires, dormant factions with superior tech and fleets offer great risk and high rewards for tackling them.The planet interface and building layout lets you costumize your planet and its role in your empire.I can keep going on and on and on, its just astounding the depth and features this game has,Im 100hr+ and i still discover new things in my play through.Highly recommended."
76561198009423595,Recommended,281990,24785010,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PineyCreek,"(Edit: Still love this game, but serious Paradox shame on you! Your DLC practices were bad enough on things like EUIV and Hearts of Iron IV, but really?! Raising your prices on your old games?! Kindly go to the corner until you thought about what you've done)Stellaris is probably the easiest to play by the normal standards of Paradox Interactive's grand strategy games. Certainly it isn't as overwhelming as the Victoria series or the EU series. I admit I was more than a little frustrated to hear the annouancement of a space 4x game since we're not exactlty short of them right now and that I was hoping to see Victoria III.Also Stellaris didn't feel like it was complete when it was released. Things like choosing wargoals or diplomacy was clearly not in a finished state at the beginning (though recent patches have fix a lot of that). Still, Stellaris is far from a bad game. Much like the city building game Cities: Skylines, it feels like Paradox is drawing a lot of influence and even bits of the UI from other games (for Stellaris some of it looks a little like Civilization own 4x sci-fi game). But Stellaris has enough of its own identity.You really get the feel of taking a small single planet and forging an empire that spans hundreds of worlds (which is possible if you have a computer to support the largest maps). I really like how there aren't set empires, but rather a pool of traits, appearances, and abilities that can appear so you never know what nation you will face. Will it be a bunch of peace loving terrifying looking space spiders or will you fight religious xenophobic adorable space foxes? You can of course customize your own empire from choosing your species to government and even what its call, the ship prefexes, the title of your leaders.You can be a kind leader who leads a democratic peace loving pacifists who grant robots and aliens equal rights and hopefully not have a neighbor who stomps a mudhole in you. Or you can be space Hitler. Because it isn't a real Paradox stragety game if you don't have those kind of choices.Stellaris is a pretty good game that will probably be the easiest for new players unfamiliar with Paradox's stragety games to cut their teeth on and will have enough depth to keep veterans satisfied (though in that case you may want to explore some of the mods).I feel comfortable recommending it, but as always you should look up let's plays to see the gameplay yourself and determine if this is a game you would enjoy. Make sure it is version 1.2 or newer because the 1.0 and pre-launch builds were patched a lot."
,Recommended,281990,22912228,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,＋  ＝  －  Ｋ,I still have yet to exit the game.edit(11.08.16):after all this timeI exited the game.
76561198056927330,Recommended,281990,22889039,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ImTheGrnRanger,"I put this game on my wishlist several months ago and then proceeded to completely forget about it. Talk about a pleasant surprise when I rediscovered it 2 days before it was released. This game is incredible, it's everything that Civ BE and Starships could never be. The level of detail and intricacy is staggering. I love eerything I've seen in my first session, from the way the galactic map shows your influence growing to the way every single thing can be renamed and tweaked to your liking. Did I immediately create my own civilization based on Freespace? Yes, yes I did.The only cons I've experienced so far are that your science ships will immediately run from hostile fleets, you can't just hide them on the other side of the system until the enemy warps off. That and the choose your own adventure style of research isn't really my thing, but that's more a personal preference.Can't recommended enough to someone looking for a space themed 4X game."
76561198064522419,Not Recommended,281990,23035980,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,backstab_boy,"First of all, to make things clear — Stellaris is by no means a bad game. However, reading the community reviews here one would think that it is the ""promised game""  of the strategy genre, some people describing it as the ""best strategy game"" and such. This surprises me. In my experience, Stellaris is a fairly bland game that doesn't bring much (or maybe even  anything) new to the table. Its definitely playable and even enjoyable, but it gets boring and tedious fairly quickly. I wouldn't know if it has a lot of depth, as others often claim about it. It certainly has a lot of ""breadth"" though, in form of modifiers that affect all kinds of stuff as well as small micromanagement minigames. One needs to learn all that stuff in order to be successful. At the same time, the sole purpose the minigames seems to keep the player occupied.Take for instance the planet management. Its still the basic old assign-props-to-tiles-and-build-improvements minigame we know from many games before, made slightly more 'complex' by adjacency bonuses. Yes, it gives the player something to do and it seems to offer a 'choice' — but this choice is merely an illusion. In the end, optimal tile development is a linear optimisation problem (what gamers often refer to as min-maxing), an additional puzzle game within the larger game where the player is rewarded by playing the puzzle well and punished by playing it badly. I never understood why I have to play puzzle games of this sort when I want to play a 4X strategy game. Now, while Stellaris generally is quite micromanagement-heavy (planetary survey being one of other annoying things), it also attempts to cut down on micromanagement by introducing sectors, which are basically ""AI"" assistants that take over management of planetary systems. However, they do it spectacularly badly. The funny thing is that the planet development minigame can be solved by the computer optimally. This is not a particularly difficult problem and algorithms to solve it have existed for decades. Not within the Stellaris universe apparently. Other things that disappoints: the diplomacy system, trading and don't get me started on the leader system. First of all, leaders/heroes have a limited life span, which sounds like a neat feature on paper but is incredibly annoying in practice. Second, leaders can be elected president, which immediately stops them from doing what they are doing and essentially removes them from the game. You need to manually(!) look through all your leader assignments, find out/guess which slot now became empty and hire/find a replacement. Combat is ok, even though quite basic. Some more control of fleet tactics would be nice (such as ordering sniper ships to at least try keep their optimal distance from the opponent).All in all, in my view at least, Stellaris is mostly a combination of old and not very exiting ideas in a new package. Now, there are some things that are quite neat, like the heavy utilisation of random events (storytelling, research, etc.) which do offer meaningful choices. But the tedious micromanagement and non-exiting gameplay are still big downers in my book. I would have wished for the game to try more advanced/novel solutions instead of pushing the player into the old boring micromanagement minigames."
,Recommended,281990,22888124,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Zhev,"Goodbye life.Everything I expected and more, will be nice to see where this game goes.Chalked full of content, very accessible to those that are new to grand strategy games and 4X alike.MP is seamless as well, played for hours straight with no problems.10/10"
,Not Recommended,281990,22978715,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dipex,"This game is getting a lot of amazing reviews on Steam, but it really doesn't deserve them *at this point*, as the game has a tremendous amount of problems.By far the biggest problem is the lack of a competent UI and some very basic automation features.For example, there is no screen from which you can see/give build orders to your spaceports.  Likewise, there is no way to rally production from your spaceports.  This all makes building up a fleet in a large empire unnecessarily tedious.Upgrading ships also feels like it wasn't playtested.  There is a flat time cost to upgrading a ship regardless of how much you're changing on it - and that cost is very close to the time cost of building a completely new ship.  This means it isn't usually worth upgrading ships for marginal improvements, and makes upgrading large fleets quite tedious.  Unless you want your fleets to be locked in dock for a *very long time* you need to split them up multiple times and then scatter them across your empire, keeping in mind that, again, you have no way of telling where your spaceports are short of manually searching every system on the map.Now, producing/upgrading ships isn't a problem in the early game when you only have a few systems.  But the scale of Stellaris means that by the late game you may have upwards of 100 systems, at which point the poor UI makes these very core, basic tasks overwhelmingly tedious.The game would be infinitely better if there was just a screen that you could control and rally production from, if the time cost of upgrading a ship was based on the work actually being done to the ship, and if there was a button you could click that would just automatically break a fleet up into smaller chunks and send them off to be upgraded.  Or, alternatively, a way to just set spaceports to contribute their production to a centralized spaceport.  For example, if every spaceport in a sector automatically added its production capacity to the sector capital spaceport so that the capital spaceport could very rapidly produce/upgrade ships while the rest of the sector's spaceports were inaccessible.There is also no autoexplore option for your science vessels, which isn't a huge deal in the early game but in an 800 star sized map, you basically just reach a point where you stop exploring because you've explored your immediate area of the galaxy and exploring the far off reaches is extremely tedious and of very limited strategic value.  *Every* 4x game released in the last 4 years has had an autoexplore feature, and for Stellaris not to have one is inexcusable.Which leads me to the main point of why the game sucks in its current state - which is that it just doesn't feel like it was playtested past the first few hours (which is something that Paradox is notorious for).  The basic systems and mechanics in the game are all good and fun, but their implementation is just poor in general.  And that poor implementation itself just comes from things being slightly off - things that don't require much testing to notice or much work to fix.I could probably write a doctoral thesis on all of the small things wrong with diplomacy, sectors, fleet combat, and the UI (other than what I've already mentioned), but its probably easier and more effective to just sum the current problems up with an analogy.  The current state of Stellaris feels like if you hired someone to paint your house, and while he did a good job on what he painted he also left small sections of every room unpainted.  You would look at that and say ""I mean sure he knows what he's doing but he needs to get back in here and finish painting the walls.""  Thats basically Stellaris.None of its current problems feels like they will be hard to fix, and Paradox has a history of continuing active development on their games.  In fact, Stellaris is no different than any other Paradox game in that respect - with Paradox games you always pay full price for a beta version of the game that gets its major problems fixed over the next 6 months in patches, with major feature improvements regularly released as $30 DLC.  Its just dissapointing because starting with HOI3 they promised to stop doing the whole ""paying for a beta"" thing.  But they haven't yet made good on that promise and Stellaris is no exception.If you're looking to buy Stellaris I would hold off right now and check back in a month or two once the game has been patched a bit, because right now it really needs it."
,Not Recommended,281990,25612970,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Sapphire,"Stellaris is a cool game for those who like a sort of RTS which isn't totally real time. I played several games of this solo and multiplayer. If you like endlessly building a space civilization this is kind of good. I have to say the art direction, the sound, the idea behind this was solid.Sadly what really drives me away from this game is the sheer tedium of later gameplay. It's not terribly challenging nor is it frustratingly difficult. It's just boring. There's almost too many things to be worried about and very little in the way of automating a lot of the little things. When you do automate you take a penalty in resources for doing so.The other major drawback this game suffers from is how easy it is to play the 'I win' race. You'd think it would be fun to play a guns blazing 'we hate all xenos' empire but that's just setting yourself up for failure. You have to be diplomatic, you have to be happy, and ultimately the easiest way to win is just being the friendly blob that absorbs all the other space empires and keeps them all happy. At the current time of my playing that's really the only victory condition. Suck up everything.There needs to be work done on more victory conditions and balancing playstyles. With so many possible variables it seems like a very difficult task. I still occasionally check on this game but as far as strategy games go it's certainly not one of my favorites."
,Not Recommended,281990,28726458,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,God Emperor of Mankind,"TL;DR - I can't recommend the game in its current state, wait a few years until DLC comes out to ramify the game or play with mods which will break anyway.Paradox games are like wines, over time they age and gradually become better (with a gratuitous sum of money worth in DLCs of course).However, Stellaris isn't nearly close to being a wine, to begin with. I honestly did expect much more from the game after jumping into a singleplayer game for the first time, and there are some features which are just outright missing.Lack of Political DecisionsOne of the biggest gripes I've had was the fact that there's no concept of the game where crucial political decisions determine anything significant. As far as I'm concerned, I could easily complete the game by subjugating my neighbors and calling it a day, which is essentially the core of the game in itself.Internal affairs within your empire don't seem to do much considering that the only two functions of manging internal strife include: suppressing dissident factions and electing your next ruler (that's even if your government type supports elections in the first place). Occasionally, you'll get a dialogue window asking you to make a decision which typically won't change much anyway.No AutomationI have to say that maybe 80% of the time spent was just building resources, surveying systems, and upgrading planets. Waging war or actually conducting diplomacy was arguably the least of the things I was doing. There are few options to automate anything. There are sectors, but the manner in which the AI handles them is atrocious and still needs work even after the devs did some updates.Diplomacy Needs Serious WorkI mentioned before that sector AI is moronic. However, diplomacy in this game is on par with the AI in Civ V. That is to say, the AI empires are brain-dead. If you're a xenophobe, it is a feature that might as well be absent from the game because making any deal will hit you with that -1000 acceptance from the other party. Federations are outright incomplete and serve no other purpose than to recurrently elect a new leader. Perhaps in a DLC they will actually mean something, but now Federations stand to be just a better version of an Alliance.Other Missing FeaturesI've laid down the biggest things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about the game, but there are some other things which I haven't elaborated on, but are missingThe spiritualist ethos should actually be tied to some sort of religion mechanic, but it's not.There's no point of using ship-builder in multiplayer, it's always just auto-best to keep up with the game.The midgame just drags on so horribly, and the crises don't even make up for itSteam Workshop modders offer much more than what the developers do with the current state, but I hate having to wait for those things to be updated."
,Recommended,281990,31732176,Posted: 13 May,all,Croatian Commando,I know no other games where you can make a Megacorporation owned by giant cockroaches who claim territory by branding it.
,Recommended,281990,25824612,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Amanras,"This game is really amazing!It has everything i miss in ""Master of Orion""... And so much more !The Mod Community is amazing, you can expand this game like crazy and spend hours and hours in it.Create your own nation ? Crate a Startrek Starfleet ? A global galactic alliance ? Yes you can do that...Create the Empire of Star Wars, all races and build a deathstart to destroy a planet ? Check!Spend hours of fun in building, reasearch, expanding territory, fighting civil uproar, waging war in the entire galaxy ? Check!I really can recommend this game to every Civ, Sci-Fi, Strategy and Space Fan out there ! :)"
,Not Recommended,281990,24089005,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr. Underhill,"You should not purchase this game in its current state. It is an early access/open beta title in all but name.-Developers have made two save game-breaking patches in two months for the release version of the game. It begs the question of whether or not they performed any internal testing at all. (Rolling back to the previous patch is not a real solution as I as the consumer should not have to do that and cannot think of any other studio that is that sloppy).-Developers do not seem to have a clear vision of how they want their game to work. Major mechanics changes, including the removal of embassies, nerfing/buffing of empire ethics/traits, etc.-Warfare is pretty broken. Apparently planetary occupation used to be required to capture planets from an empire at the end of a war; however, this was removed because the AI apparently could not handle it. The developer's solution was to remove this requirement. The effect was to render ground forces essentially useless, as with space superiority you can win by just wrecking random space stations and blockading planets without ever setting foot on them. The actual solution should have been to fix their broken AI.-Defence stations are less than useless and actually serve as free warscore (basicly victory points towards winning a war) for all but the weakest enemy fleets. Bounus points for allowing the idiotic sector governors to auto-build them in the latest patch. Consider this: the strongest station is about the equivalent of a battleship and the same upkeep. The sole difference? It can't move.-With the removal of embassies, all AI factions essentially distrust/hate you from the opening gate. Diplomacy now consists of making massive bribes. Not to say that embassies were a perfect solution, but this really isn't any better.- The UI is clunky at best, and during major wars you'll receive so many attack notifications your head might explode.This all said, the game is rather promising and has a lot of appeal, including the ability really RP your empie as anything from a diverse multi-species democracy to a slave-taking, planet exterminating dictatorship. The random events are pretty interesting and tend to make each of your worlds and playthroughs unique.However, until Paradox can finally settle on how they want the internal mechanics of the game to actually work, I cannot in honestly recommend buying this game unless you want to become frustrated with each new update."
76561198039463852,Not Recommended,281990,23174634,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kirkland Langue,"Notice my hours played.Notice the hours played for many others who give the game thumbs down.I started to write a very long review to describe each aspect of the game and how I feel the Devs dropped the ball - but instead I'll just focus upon what I believe is the most broken part of the game:  Diplomacy.Stellaris uses the same old Diplomacy that pretty much every other 4x game uses - and it's awful.  The system itself is broken and no amount of tinkering is going to fix it.   Either the player is able to predictably benefit from interacting with the other Race, in which case the player will do so, or the player is going to ignore the Diplomacy system - in which case it is nothing more than a bother.For me, Star Ruler 2 is the best Space 4x game to be released so far, and this game adds very little to the genre.  The event system is nice - but they need to add hundreds more events because right now the same handful of events are repeated over and over.I give Stellaris a thumbs down, even though it's not a horrible game.  Maybe after some more patches/mods/content is released - I'll write a new review, but for now I'd recommend staying away from it."
76561197988441268,Recommended,281990,22998790,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,domic,"Stellaris. It's the sort of game where you are growing at 1.3% per year, and they are growing at 1.2% per year, so you will SMASH them VICTORIOUSLY in about 450 years. It's glorious really.9/10 - would creep to victory again. and again."
,Recommended,281990,22990199,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,EdenStarGazer,"A Romp & Stomp Through the StarsThe Grand Strategy/4X Hybrid that is a true paradox on a 2D map, with mechanics that feel so 3D you’ll forget you’re not in space. To explain the basics of Paradox Studio’s latest thrill ride, a riddle:In a rectangular room, 30’X12’X12’, a spider is at the middle of an end wall, one foot from the ceiling. The fly is at the middle of the opposite end wall, 1 foot above the floor. The fly is scared & can’t move. What is the shortest distance the spider must crawl to capture the fly?Are you scratching this out on paper already? Either way, Stellaris is likely for you. Gameplay focuses on combat & exploration. The Math is done by the game. Everything: from the stats the AI uses, to the strength of opposing forces in battle, is transparent in the game. You explore the Galaxy, but have to fight for control. Features include land armies, naval ships you can build to spec, & pirates.Grand Strategy:Grand Strat is a balancing act of managing many complex features of the game at once like a waitress with arms loaded with plates. But here, instead of micro-managing, you have the unique ability to delegate whole Solar Systems to Sector management by the AI, while you concentrate on the macro-management/ big picture dev of your empire. You control the leaders, Scientists, & Construction Ships (CS) that carry out your orders. Simply clicking on the sun of a solar system (SS), while having a CS selected, will present order options so that you can queue up research stations (RS) or mines for the whole SS for example. But, anytime you don’t like the direction something is going, you can seize control & redirect.4X Popular for a Reason:I love TBS 4X games like Civ 5, where you accumulate wealth & dominate the world to the tune of a victory condition, while taking turns with the AI civs. Traditionally, Grand Strat games leave that aside for a strictly sandbox style where you walk out on the world stage and wonder what to do 1st. But, Stellaris is like a gateway drug into the world of Grand Strat. You can see the basic goals of the game, & you know where you want to go, without any hand-holding.Gameplay:The goal of the game is to wander the galaxy, researching as many SS’s as you can, while building colonies, mines, or RS’s on them. The zone around the outside of your empire is your known world, which you push outward as you explore with your ships. You can’t build there, unless you totally explore the SS, & then build a frontier outpost on the star to push out the borders of your empire in any direction you outpost. Then it’s yours & you can build. But, you are limited by resources, energy, & especially influence, because it builds up slowly over time. Certain tasks, like meeting leader mandates, will give bonuses in influence.Build a decent navy of at least 2 fleets. Send 1 fleet with the Science ship, & 1 with the CS, & zip from planet to planet laying claim. Just be careful not to “forward settle” the AI empires. If you claim a star close to an AI, they see this as aggression, and they will destroy you before you’ve had time to build a big navy. Cautiously, take stars to either side of AI, & leave buffer stars until you are ready to fight.Meanwhile, you will encounter either “nasty aliens” if you are a Xenophobe, or intriguing alien races, if you have a Xenophile type personality. You can either fight or flee to safe planets in the early game stage of exploration & colonization. In the mid-game, you must begin to form alliances & trade networks, or begin waging war to take resources from other empires. Late game, game-changing special events occur.Winning & losing:Unlike most grand strat games, Stellaris has winning conditions. You can win by domination, or by colonizing 40% of the habitable planets. To score achievies, you must select Ironman mode, which is really no big deal in Paradox games. Many achievies are easily obtained without winning the game.Emergent Story-telling:Stellaris reminds me of XCOM in the way you get to choose which research you will focus on, directing your own course. Meanwhile, event chains are unraveled through popups, with story to read. It gives the added romp of a great RPG by allowing you to see unexpected events unfold in a Sci-fi narrative that is extremely playful & intriguing.Pros:*Narrative is extensive; Soundtrack, Graphics & art are great*DLC provides enjoyable ringtones, e-book novel & artbook*Feature Rich & Fully customizable creative experienceCons:*Tutorial an annoyance to be turned off; see key mapping in options*Situation Log sketchy; Outliner needs to be longer to view more info*MP causes desync issues on low-end machines/ rural satellite internetStellaris is a stellar Sci-fi strategy game with extreme re-play value. With 100+ hours in the week since release, the game is addictive, time-consuming, & one of the best gaming experiences in the galaxy.I highly recommend it for gamers of all ages who enjoy info intensive strategy games."
76561198029363031,Recommended,281990,25788631,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Wahops,"Buy it.Note- At current state it is somewhat barebones but the Moding community is EXCELLENT, You are sure to find what you need and more in the workshop. Not to mention all the great patches/content that Peradox are putting out on a regular basis.Why does everybody complain about DLC, espacially when its a game you know has potential.We have jobs, support what you like, it takes money to keep an office/facility and staff.If you whant a complete game off the back wait a couple of months(maybe more), but if you dont mind taking a gander at the workshop for some extra content BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,281990,24505969,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kremer3,Never finished a game but started 500
,Not Recommended,281990,23338091,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,rokbase,Great premise for a game.  The very early game (race builder especially) is really fun. But once you get to the mid-game it all just falls apart and the game becomes monotnous and a real drag.  Couldn't finish it.  Which is a shame because I love EU4 and especially CK2.
,Not Recommended,281990,30991042,Posted: 6 April,all,Kerma,"Stellaris is a great game but unfortunately is made by paradox interactive, which means that even though it has a good idea and decent execution half the content that should be in the game will be cut out and sold to you as DLC. If you want to see what stellaris could potentially end up being, take a look at crusader king 2's current DLC list.The DLC is good, but it's still more money you have to pay. The base game, in my opinion, is not worth playing without DLC.The free updates have really helped this game, however. At first the game was literally half done- the first 2-3 hours of each game was amazing and the end was climactic, but the middle was just putting the game on 3 times speed and occasionally clicking the research tab while everything plays itself. It slowly has begun to pace itself better and better, but to get an actually fun and engaging (mildly, because things are still missing) experience you need to be ready to put down another additional 30 dollars which will likely turn into 50-100 over the course of this game's lifespan.The game even adds feature creep with each DLC that seems halfassed. For example, hiveminds are a playable race that pretty much remove half of the mechanics of the game with nothing really added to compensate. You might say that this is a good tutorial kind of race to play then, but A) their playstyle is sort of unorthodox because of these removed things so you're not actually learning to play the game properly, and B) it's a DLC perk so if this statement is true you're essentially paying 20 dollars for a tutorial. Sure you can get gene-modding as a hivemind and start doing interesting things other races can't, but usually this happens so late in the game you've already eliminated pretty much every other race so it's pretty much pointless. The perk trees end up adding some depth in utopia, but they aren't really fixing or paving over half baked ideas, just adding new sort of less half baked ideas on top of everything.This isn't a review of the DLC though. But I thought I should put those out there as examples. The main problems with the base game are combat and diplomacy. The trade system used to be terrible, now it's just kind of bad. It's pretty standard for other 4X games, but it could be a lot better. You just jostle things around until the AI finally accepts through you manipulating the fact that it's a computer. The combat seems very well designed with a good rock paper scissors style battle system, but in reality you can just spam corvettes with kinetic weapons. This is due to the fact that upkeep is based on the cost of the vehicle, so even if you go way over fleet capacity you can just keep churning them out and overwhelm any opponent. The AI is also faulty, you can just split up your fleets and spin them around the enemy and they'll switch targets so much you'll half your expected casualties.Now look. Paradox games are usually not really about perfect gameplay and combat, more about roleplay and having fun situations. But the problem is that the roleplay isn't very deep in this game- it feels like no matter what you're going for in each different game you end up getting funneled into the same path. Not only this, but some playstyles are so bad due to the mechanics of the game that you can't even have fun playing scenarios with them. I try to get into roleplaying my faction but it always ends up being the same old crap and abusing the AI to stop them from immediately infringing on my territory with twice the power I could have possibly gotten due to random tech.I recommend this game, but not for the price of the game + all the DLC. This review is mostly criticism, but these are just the things I wanted to bring up. It's very well polished, very addicting, and has some absolutely brilliant ideas. It's just a shame that it feels gutted without paying additional money to add more gutted content. Maybe sometime down the road a bunch of dlc will finally fix everything and way later after that the entire pack will be sold for 50 dollars, but until then I can only really offer a ""ho-hum"" recommendation.EDIT: I forgot to mention something that annoys me the most about this game: the balance between ""tall"" vs ""wide"". If you're new to 4X, essentially tall means you have few cities/planets/etc that are absolutely massive in production/science and wide means almost all of your cities are crap but you just keep churning them out and take over neighbours so it ends up evening out. Tall is absolutely useless in this game. In other 4X games there is a bonus to going tall, in CIV you get a culture and science bonus compared to other civs, etc. Tall gets bonuses in stellaris, but at the very end of the game. By the time you get megacities or ring worlds, the game's fate has already been decided, and likely you're going to lose. You have such a disadvantage at the start of the game and it's not made up for by the amount you gain at the end. I hate playing wide because there's a lot of micromanagement and I'm not really a warmonger, so it's really bothersome that my favourite playstyle just lets me get run over by other civs."
76561198122065804,Recommended,281990,30449795,Posted: 11 March,all,Ilovethesmellofnapalm,Just look at my hours played. That is all.
76561198006575341,Not Recommended,281990,28307645,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ironduke,"First of only one problem for me the first three Explore Expand Exploit are well covered, there is room for improvement.combat there is no control whatsoever once your fleet is engaged, no fleet options except retreat after so many days. Example my fleet engages the enemy Fleet great, then they spy transports behind the enemy fleet so they ignore the fleet thats blasting the snot out of them, and sail right on through the enemy fleet taking terminal damage, on the plus side they do get that lone enemy transport. Also firepower like missiles why do they target one vessel at a time my entire Fleet fires at a corvette huge firepower is lost then another corvette is targeted and again huge firepower is lost, So the moral is that firing rates are now crucial fast rates with low damage are the way to go, missiles with slow rates of reload are at a massive disadvantage, its not how fleet engagements work. A few commands allowing say independant targeting and just targeting one fleet ignoring all others some formation options for the fleet sub groups or battle groups to allow for some tactics. The Combat sucks plain and simple and its one of the 4X exterminate so its a fail on one of the X's.Maybe a algorithm the matches ship fire, each ship in your fleet picks a target any extra ships double up on enemy ships, so every ship is firing at seperate targets, so 30 ships against 30 ships would match up as 30 seperate ship versus ship duels. Then a option that changes that to 2 ships lock onto 1 enemy ship so your thirty ships would fire at only 15 of the enemies ships leaving 15 enemy ships untouched. That at least would give you some tactical optionsSo my Fleet is like a dog without a lead in the park chasing squirrels.On the other 3X's very solid very engaging room for improvement, one get better fix exterminate."
,Recommended,281990,25625571,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,KenoKereStyle,"Opened the game, started a 1200-stars galaxy campaign with my Sporelanders, a peaceful mushroom race who loves slaves. As I discoverd more and more systems, I've met new types of people, I've made so many friends. After 15 hours, I managed to raise a mini empire, with ~12 stars under my command, around 15 allies, with the most loyal ally, my friend, the Gyraphos (A giraffe humanoid) and a few slaves who were treated well and paid enough.But then, I met another spongenoid, who decided that some of my stars were his... so he declared war, and ... 1 year later, I expanded my empire with some additional systems.Little did I know, that after I won that war, my allies started to fear me, started to disrespect The Sporaland and decided to break alliances and start a big war against me. I was so sad, because I've lost so many friends, worked so hard to forge those friendships... but not as hard as those mud-eaters-no-clothes-poor-little-slaves work my mines now, keeping the industry alive, for The Great Western Empire of Sporaland and Their Low-Life-Slaves (containing more than 20 sectors and 180 stars)...Now, after 50 hours... I feel sad... I only have 1 ally, and every empire in the galaxy hates and despites me...  BUT THEY SHALL WORK MY MINES, OR BURN IN THE HELL I'LL LEAVE BEHIND, AFTER I FINISH WITH THEM!!!Love this game, it's everything you'd want: The progeniture resulted from an orgy between Civilization (planetary building, technologies), Spore (Race Customatization), Space Rangers (Spaceships customatization, Space battles) and Crusader Kings (economy, royal family, sectors). Every time you'll start a campaign, it will be an unique experience."
,Recommended,281990,22893598,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Badger,"I found an alternate version of our solar system where Earth was a Tomb World destroyed by Nuclear War, and inhabited by oversized, intelligent Cockroaches that I now use as my slave force.11/10 Game of the Century"
,Not Recommended,281990,34981582,Posted: 15 September,all,DapperCharr,"Sigh...Lovely visuals, lovely story.  But the underlying mechanics are... lacking.  Sort of flat.  Combat and diplomacy suffer from a distinct lack of depth.  And for a game about managing vast space empires, macromangment abilities are all but absent.  I'd like to see this game improved and succeed, but I'm worried some of these problems are ingrained too deeply in the core of this game.This cake looks lovely, but it tastes terrible."
,Not Recommended,281990,22983685,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mephasto,"Stellaris is awesome game that has very complex and interesting early game, however that's when the fun stops.. after progressing to mid-end game the game lacks some serious content. I'm giving it thumbs down untill devs fix the current issues.Pros:* Awesome and unique races, different play styles* Resources are meaningful* Ships look pretty cool, managing planets is fun* Discovery events at start of game* Primitive civilizationsCons:* Mid-End game is very boring, there is not much you can do,* Just two boring ""victory"" conditions* All the cool discovery events and special missions stop appearing after start* Combat is pretty boring, usually the side that has more ships wins* Same missions keep appearing, like the Zerg that invade after X years in the end* Limited options for diplomacy* Endgame feels rushed compared how awesome the start is* DLC is no excuse to leave mid-endgame unfinishedTotal:Graphics - 8A.I - 7Gameplay - 5 (early game 9)---;TLDR awesome early game, after that the game becomes very boring and repetitive. It feels like the endgame part of the game is not finished."
76561197972238246,Not Recommended,281990,23045903,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mac,"At first you will love this game as much as I did if you are generally into these types of games.Once you get past the initial thrill and the illusion of endless complexity you will hit something called a very stale midgame with hardly any variety and an extremely poorly coded AI that will rip you out of your immersive bubble and show you the game for what it really is.Major mechanics like the AI managing sectors are currently utterly broken. A lot of buttons are purely cosmetical and have no actual purpose at all. Do you want the sectors managed by the AI to focus on mineral production or energy production? Too bad... all the AI does is build farms on your planets anyway, regardless of which option you ultimately choose. Do you want to allow the AI to replace existing buildings on planets? Beautiful... the AI actually razed one of the many unnecessary farms only to replace it with... guess what... Yes! Another farm! Such variety! Such intelligence!I am actually shocked how such a poorly coded AI made it past QA in the first place...Will DLC make this game better?Most definately...But why should I pay for features that were promised to be in the base game to begin with?This new business practice of hastily releasing broken and unfinished games only to be fixed with paid DLC...I for one am sick of it..."
76561198113335485,Not Recommended,281990,31720922,Posted: 13 May,all,galadon3,"Its not that Stellaris is a bad game. In fact I had a lot of fun playing it, buuuuuut:I didn't want to buy an early access game that becomes unplayable repeatedly throughout its production circle or is sold with several features in what can best be called a beta-status.Stellaris was sold as a finished game, no early access tag anywhere to be seen but what did I get?1. I got a nice space exploration game with a lot of fun events and things to discover... that got terrible once the galaxy was explored and settled, because the AI tended to form big federations that never broke up and, thanks to the, then, badly worked out and balanced war-demands-system you had to repeatedly take on 1/4 of the galaxy to get a whooping 3 plantes out of that war.That problem got better with patch after patch, but the war and diplomatic system still has mayor issues that arent addressed in any way. I cant decide if I honor a guarantee for another empire or a defensive pact (like in the EU-Games), no I AM IN at that moment.Thx to the fact that there are no seperate peace-treaties in an alliance war I cant even END that war by myself or negotiate ANYTHING. Basically in a war ONLY the two mayor war factions have ANY say in a peace treaty. That means you can be dragged into wars alongside an AI that just sits on its♥♥♥♥♥and lets you do all the work for a peace treaty that actually gets you NOTHING and you have to do it, because if your AI-ally looses the war he can even negotiate away YOUR planets.(anybody surprised I NEVER enter any defensive pacts?)You have to declare your wargoals BEFORE a war and CANT demand anything thats not on your wishlist at the start of the war. A third party declaring war on your enemy and getting some of your wargoals as a part of HIS peace-treaty? Well yea yor're screwed.THAT is the state that part of the game is in after ONE year.Another thing is terraforming, the devs stated they ""dislike"" so it was pretty hard to get even a single planet terraformed, Wich got sloooowly chnaged back to make terraforming actually feasible.And that in a way how a lot of the game feels. The Devs ""liking"" things a certain way and needing a looooot of time to actually realize that it doesnt work that well and even more time to let go of their first ""liking""Then there is Sectors... hated by a lot of people. I actually defended them and thought it a basically nice idea to have sub-units of your empire. But 1. They dont DO anything besides wasting 25% of your income (compared to say just a auto-government function even old Master of Orion 2 sported) and the devs needed SEVERAL patches to sloooowly incorporate more options for the player to manage those sectors (basically to tell them: DONT DO THAT!!!)It took them ONE YEAR so that you FINALLY can tax the energy- and mineral-income of a sector with different taxrates.Then they included consumer-goods (a drain on mineral-income depending on population-size and standard of living), wich were initially paid by the sectors, but seemingly never actually changed the Sector-AI to work with that:So the Sector-AI repeatedly managed to run a sector into negative Mineral-Income (wich it cant free itself from, without a mineral-donation from the central government, since minerals are needed to build more mineral-production).Realizing that what did they do? They outsorced that problem to the player in the laziest way possible. Now the Central Government pays ALL the consumer goods. So besides the Sector-AI not being the brightest Administrator now the player has to pay 100% of the consumer goods while it can tax the sectors for a maximum of 75% of the income (wich leads to the sectors stockpiling minerals as soon as they are completely developed)They put in an Option to drain 75% of the sector-stockpile (wich has a limit btw, so if you DONT drain it before its filled up the excess will just be lost). That option costs Influence wich is basically the rarest ressource in late game. Draining ONE sector once costs 100 Influence (for comparison an empire not using influence and having a good income might manage 7 influence per month, and there is a lot of usefull options to use the damned stuff.)And the best thing, as of now there is a BETA-hotfix to adress the fact that the last patch of this NOT-EARLY-ACCESS game, wich was advertised as a BUG-FIXING-PATCH, broke the game AIs ability to declare ANY war.Summing it up: yes Stellaris has a ton of potential and can be fun to play (when its actually in a patch that has it playable) but if they would be in any way honest about it, it would surely have had an Early Acces tag on it the day it was released and it is highly debatable if it deserved that label removed even now one year later."
76561198045765444,Not Recommended,281990,33222196,Posted: 4 July,all,R0nas22,"Paradox, you were suposed to defeat EA not to become EA."
,Recommended,281990,25231862,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Reinhard Von Lohengramm,"-Creates a race of militaristic Xenophibic Lizard people-Explores half the galaxy meeting friends and crushing foes-Find s a planet with primitive bird people around the renaissance age-Decide to do soem aggressive observation until i can annex them and enslave them-5years later message from observation post-Some guys went down on the planet pulling a prank on the bird people saying they're gods from the stars-Bird peoples built a pyramid in honour of those scientists , i decide to keep observing-3months later-bird people had a religious war with nukes and built another pyramid-all bird people dead-Itwasjustaprankbro"
76561198007324938,Not Recommended,281990,22931443,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Megatanis,"Preordered game and have been playing paradox titles since EU2.The game isn't bad, but unfortunately there is no ""maybe"" button on steam so..It has a promising structure, but at present it's pretty shallow and boring.- Diplomacy is pretty bad: barebones options, AI doesn't react to deals they should accept with their eyes closed. War system is terrible (no cb to declare; autosurrender..don't even gert me started)- AI is very weak. Acts passively, never really a challenge. Allied AI will blob and follow your main fleet regardless of actual strategic situation.- Planet development is basic at best (seen better systems in 10 year old games), espionage non existent, trade (trade routes-commerce) is absent.- Battles are very underwhelming. It's a paradox game I know, but really: weapons come with different ranges, but all battles invariably end up in a chaotic melee. No orders, no behaviour, just blob and pray. Very weak. Land battles were better in Moo2, a 20 year old game.- The resource gathering and starbase construction is very similar to galciv, it's ok but it gets repetitive. And it's not original.- Paradox has a strong tradition of ""historical"" games (real world-historic events). Without this context, I feel this game looses a LOT of appeal and originality.I mean this would be an ok game in its present state if it wasn't by Paradox.If I think that this game has VIctoria 2 as a mommy and CK2 as daddy, it's really a letdown and it doesn't live up to the hype.Of course, there will be (many) DLCs. I personally dislike this marketing strategy (DLC spam) and I think in the long run it will be more negative than positive for gaming in general.TL;DR: would be ok if I wasn't expecting Victoria-Hoi-Ck2 in SPACE. As it is, it's a step back."
76561198047295781,Recommended,281990,22931345,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Clifford the Big Red Dog,"~begin game has humans~find primitive bird people~build an observation post above their planet to study them~send ships down to the bird planet to abduct bird people, to further study~on one of the abduction trips, my ships spotted by bird people~bird peoples governments work toegther to create X-COM~X-COM bird people start destorying my abuction ships~X-COM bird people use pieces of my shot down ships to build a missle~X-COM bird people luanch missle and blow up my observation post~X-COM bird people killed all my scientists that were on board~Bird people made me mad~send 10 army divisions to invade bird people~Take over planet~That night all citizens of my empire ate very well.~the end of the bird people99999999999999999999999999999/10YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME.ALSO IF YOU CANT AFFORD IT, SELL YOU BED YOU WONT NEED IT."
,Recommended,281990,22982833,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Mertles,"Created Xenophile and Fanatic Spiritualist race of charismatic reptillians,forged alliance with tentacle guys,tentacle guys declare fellow spiritualist cats as rivals,broke my alliance sided with cats,tentacle guys and infidel materialist racoons forge their own alliance against our Holy Entente,We pillage thru their planets,racoons are liberated with changed ethics and tentacle lands redistrubuted among cats and us so that we can preach the Greater Good everywhere.First Sphere of Expansion is complete.Our Holy Entente now borders a humongous Mamallian-Human empire with a xenophobe and a fanatic militarist ethos.Would Tau Empire again 10/10"
76561198030616471,Recommended,281990,22885892,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ositodefelpa,"This may well be the best space strategy game I have ever played.Basically, you take Distant Worlds Universe; take out the annoying features; improve the graphics and accessibility; and add the modding that i would like to have seen in Distant Worlds. And there you have Stellaris: superior to Distant Worlds in almost every respect, except perhaps the private fleet (which may well be moddable).What makes this game really awesome is the moddability. Don't like the decisions made by the designers? Redesign the game to your own liking. Want to play in the Milky Way galaxy? make your own galaxy (or wait for someone else to make it).Stellaris as released is a very enjoyably game, and I would recommend it even without the moddability. But Stellaris is so much more than that: it is essentially a tool for creating a space game that plays exactly the way you want it to. It doesn't get much better than that!"
,Not Recommended,281990,34042305,Posted: 5 August,all,Jip,"Allow me to start with that this game has a lot of potentional. However, very little is being used.The primary reason I downvote this game is because of the AI. In a lot of aspects, the AI simply falls short. For example:- During an endgame crises,the unbidden can be easily 'bugged' out by defeating the surrounding fleets. Once those are done, there is just a 400K fleet chilling in one system. For an endgame crisis, this one is most easily stopped.- During a war with an AI, the AI repeatedly makes poor decisions.For example, when fighting a Fallen Empire you can easily snoop off his most important planets with a mere 25K - 35K fleet.  Just send in corvettes that keep going through his other systems. Once the AI follows a fleet (of 1 corvette), it won't let him go. You can utilise this time to conquer enough planets to force him to cede his primary planets (including all the defenses!).Another example - when two fallen empires start attack each other due to rivalry. Chances that they get stuck and don't do anything at all is very high. I just had a match where both fallen empires (haven multiples of 150K - 200K fleets) camped their home systems. Meaning - they barely participated in the war and did not help their subjects. The losing fallen empire (that had a 400K fleet and a 250K fleet) didn't even come into action when his war score was -95%. This is pretty much frustating.- The variation given at the beginning of the game have little impact on the game itself. For example, being charismatic only has any benefit when playing with AI's. Being Xenophile, for example, also has little effect when playing with players instead of ai's.- Playing with random people is pretty much a no-go. Not only because they do not obey any kind of rules whatsoever, but primary because the way the connection is setup. If the host loses connection, the entire game falls into pieces. There's no host migration or anything similiar.- Fleet size is what everything's about. And once someone has a larger fleet than you, there's very little you can do to put up any kind of resistance. Say he has 30K and you have 20K. The ai's won't always follow your fleet (assuming you have defense pacts or so), meaning that you're pretty much on your own. If you do engage the opponents fleet, he may lose 4K - 6K fleet size (firepower), while you lose your entire fleet of 20K. Aka, the best action to take is to run away and let the opponent do what he wants.- Being in a defensive position is a clear disadvantage. There's practically no running away. When you warp away from your opponent, it means that he can warp directly into your fleet if the system you warped to is in range. This means that running away is fairly difficult - changes that he catches you are always present.- When you focus on research, you are at a clear disadvantage when an empire choses to go to war with you. Simply because he has more ships. Having 1 or maybe 2 higher level weaponry only add for an 10% - 30% increase of damage. And you cannot compete with his number of ships because you invested into research. Therefore, investing into research is almost always a bad choice.- An actual battle is out of your control. The battle is completely controlled by some AI. This means that you have no control over what happens - it's pretty much a guess.I was going to mention some good things about this game, however, I kind of forgot them. Ow, now I remember: the modding community. There are some good mods out there that try to fix some of the issues above.That all being said, this is not neccesarily a bad game. It's just very unpolished. If it'd be improved, it could be a gem. A really good gem."
76561198011662037,Not Recommended,281990,31014367,Posted: 8 April,all,Possum,"Stellaris looks and feels like a proper, complex and diverse game of galactic conquest. You got a lot of options and races, you can research, colonize and conduct diplomacy like in any other installation of 4X in Space. Stellaris has great music and  a pretty neat art design.But Stellaris in all its features is as well an incredible limited game. While it takes a while to realize that and you will have some fun until then, it becomes very clear after some attempts that Stellaris is about one thing only. Building a fleet that is bigger than your neighbours. Whatever you do, whatever your grand strategy is or your philosophy. Wether you want to be peaceful, warlusty or both is of no consequence. If your fleet is small, you get attacked and overrun. If your fleet is big, you steamroll the map.Thats it."
,Recommended,281990,31984594,Posted: 26 May,all,Bahman,I finally get to spread fully automated luxury gay space communism
76561198027220699,Recommended,281990,25422286,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Belaaron,"So, in the few days that I've had Stellaris, I've played over 30 hours.  For the record, that's a minimum of 6 hours a day since I bought it.  I work a full-time job.  I'm not generally a ""fan"" of anything, and I don't have a particularly addictive personality.  All that should tell you how rapidly addicting this game can be for those who are fans of the genre.As for those who aren't typically 4x strat gamers, this game still has a great deal to offer.  You might be better off starting with the new MoO reboot, but honestly, Stellaris is not inaccessible for new players.  For all its complexity and variety (to be greatly expanded in the upcoming Heinlein update), it's organized simply and largely intuitively.  Ironically, it's more difficult for experienced 4x gamers, than for those new to the genre, I think.Now, for WHY it's worth a recommendation...++ There's always something to do: As a real-time game that can be paused (and accelerated), you're always active in managing your empire, and rarely waiting for things to happen for any significant length of time.  And the pause feature means that if you need a moment to assess the situation and devise a solution, you've got it, no matter what.  It's really amazing once you compare games, just how rare that quality is in 4x games.  Anyone who's spent turn after turn waiting for something to happen just so you can do something and spend more turns waiting...fully understands.++ Everything about it moves the 4x genre forward: Even with its flaws (because no game is flawless anyway), every aspect of it is a step in the right direction. The mechanics, the organization, the overall balancing...all of it.  The AI is better than practically any other 4x game, consistently making reasonable decisions (though not yet frequently the best decisions) based on the circumstances of the game at any given moment.  Note: there are complaints about how the AI handles certain situations, and most of those complaints are about to be addressed in the next update, but they mostly center on the game's diplomacy, and the issue isn't the AI, or even really the diplomacy system, it's more an unreasonable expectation by players that the AI should take a trade deal that the player themselves wouldn't accept if the roles were reversed (keep in mind also, that they will never admit that, but it's true without exception).  Ultimately, my feeling is that every aspect of the game has helped to improve 4x games overall.  There's too much fixation on new features and mechanics, when what matters is the quality of what there already is.++ All strategies are valid: You'll hear a lot about how you have to play a certain way to get anywhere, and that's largely because of the aforementioned diplomacy issue.  The reality is, with a little care and creativity, you can make almost anything work.  If you think outside the box, however, be aware that there are risks and that there will be consequences.  A good example of this is that the game almost directly prohibits ""colony-rushing"" on the scale that most games demand.  You could, however, still do it, even within the constraints of the game...but it'll cost you.  Still, it's a valid strategy, it's just not OP anymore.  I'm biased, but I've always hated colony-rushing.  It feels so unrealistic and just takes me completely out of the experience.But nothing's perfect, and here are some things you should know before you make your decision.- It does have flaws: Most of the bugs have been worked out, but some do still exist; and there are also remaining balance and gameplay issues that, while not game-breaking by any measure, are something to be aware of.  As expressed before, many of these are being addressed in the coming update, and any after that will be handled accordingly.  New patches often bring new bugs, but the hotfixes so far have taken care of those in short order each time.- It lacks a truly creative ship designer: Galactic Civilizations II and III have one of the most flexible and detailed ship designers in all of 4x gaming.  It's always been one of my favorite features of those games (my ONLY enjoyable feature for III), and Stellaris would've been an excellent opportunity to include even a much simpler version of such a designer.  What we got is more than enough for the purposes of the game; but I like to make unique ships and to get creative with it, and not having it does count against the game, for me.- Lack of overall ship variety: The game has three modes of space travel, and since each xenotype has its own style of ship, it was a perfect opportunity to create three styles of ship for each xenotype, one for each of the three modes of travel.  It's hardly a major issue, but I enjoy depth and detail, and it would've added so much to the look and feel of the game, for not a terrible amount of effort, I'd think.  The option to alter the color schemes of ships, also, would've been good.  Always brings me down a bit when I run across ""alien"" empires with identical ships to my own.- Like most of its games, you have to log in with a Paradox Account to be able to do certain things.  It's not something I'm a fan of, but the game is good enough that I'll tolerate it.  But keep it in mind if that kind of thing is a dealbreaker for you.And that's it...I say, get the game if 4x is your cup of tea.  Odds are, you won't regret it as long as you assess it on its own merits, rather than how it compares to other such games."
,Not Recommended,281990,33381193,Posted: 8 July,all,Ixenzo,"It's been over a year since the game's launch.It still does not have the midgame as a concept. It still does not have a meaningful endgame - declarations of war on cooldown over and over until you win is not meaningful. Megastructures are irrelevant - you'll realistically win the game before you could build and reach ROI on a single structure. Fleet composition, weapon technologies, and ship designer are irrelevant: you are punished by the system if you try to have any kind of ship diversity or upgrade the ships. Space warfare is reduced to a single battle of doom stacks that decides the entire war. Land warfare exists only as a concept, not a system. AI is essentially non-existant, both enemy empires and your own sector one; it can't even recognize endgame crises. Diplomacy is non-existant. The dev team does not know what ""playtesting"" means, pushing major updates without any QA whatsoever. Numerous bugs that persist through patches, with more bugs added with each update. Anti-consumer DLC and pricing policies by the publisher.What this game does well is the thrill of exploration, all the events and writing are really nice (if you care about lore). The early game is pretty much the only strong side of Stellaris. You could extract some fun by playing multiplayer with a curated group of role-players, but that's it."
76561198033075652,Not Recommended,281990,33355334,Posted: 7 July,all,JaiSss,"I bought it on a friend's recommendation, about half a year after release. Another year after that, I can definitely warn you about it: Don't buy it. It is never going to see a state, reasonable people refer to as 'finished' (in line with the contemporary trend within the medium of gaming).The positive first: Stellaris has sometimes been marketed as a 4x-game, in which you are free to pursue anything. That much is true. You explore the stars, colonize new planets and open up diplomacy or rivalry with potential alien neighbors. You build a star empire and a future for your species. Later, you may alter your people on a genetic level, pursue the science of the void and become psionic, or become a cyborg species. You can form a federation a là Roddenberry or wage war like Heinlein. You can play as a hive mind and consume all others. You may build ring worlds. You may uplift a primitive species into the space age or may bomb another back into its stone age. The game draws heavily on all forms of science fiction sources and stories, and that shows. The game is born out of a love for the genre and as a science fiction medium, it delivers.As a game and a piece of software, it disappoints atrociously. And herein lies the downfall. The game largely consists of two parts. In the early game, you explore the galaxy and set the groundwork for your empire, which contains all the fun from the paragraph above. In the mid to late game, you manage your empire with wars and, in theory, diplomacy. And let me tell you: These latter two thirds of your journey are still as broken, boring and hopelessly lost as they were on release a year ago. Diplomacy for one, does not exist in meaningful ways, besides bribing yourself into a favorable reputation with others. No espionage, no debate over policies within your federation, no cultural exchange.The bigger letdown is the war, though: Once the galaxy map is distributed to all the empires, wars either don't happen anymore (the AI pre-calculates its odds and usually never overpowers a player, and, by extension, never starts a war) or, when they do happen, are bore fests of the only two fleets the contenders have, grinding each other down, and the survivor subsequently obtaining the chance to bomb some planets. Wars in this game are front-loaded, predictable, and a chore in larger galaxies, where you have to predict the AI in order to intercept its fleet. Also, the game operates in real time but there is no strategy to combat. As soon as the fleets are locked in, you get to watch. That's it.So in conclusion, you build up the biggest fleet you can, then declare war on your neighbor and run him into battles which you can only observe but not control. You win a couple of his planets for that. Then, you repeat with the next foe, until all planets of the galaxy are yours. It's the only way to win and it's as boring as I'm trying to make it sound here. And it has been since day one!This is my biggest complaint. Every week, the community gets a sneak peak of future updates, in which a random feature is overhauled. Usually, it's an implementation of the 'correct' version of that feature that you feel should have been there in the first place. But never are the aforementioned big issues even addressed. Presumably, because they are too big to be handled in a small update. The thing is though, a 4x-game that lacks all diplomacy and turns war into a boring chore to sit through, is not really finished. Stellaris very much feels like an early access alpha, that they somehow price to full extend. You will find the overpriced DLC, which doesn't add as much as the price would justify, and the recent price change debacle to be in line this impression.The best I can say about the games put out by Paradox, is that they are supported two, three, and sometimes four years after release. That alone is far from industry standard. The worst I can say, is that this game definitely needs those four years to even be considered finished. And even then, I'm skeptical as to whether the problems aren't seeded too deep in the core of what this game is or strives to be, to be solved. For now and the next years - don't waste money on this."
,Not Recommended,281990,22922774,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"So disappointing.The AI cheats - you can't for instance make them run out of energy. Even a single planet without any stations can support an infinitely large fleet, which isn't fun if your fleets are the same size + they have a spaceport.War declarations are stupid in this game. You can only declare on planets they have settled, which are very often not the ones you want. You want ones that suit your race. But you can't declare for an unsettled system. You have to take a system that they have settled, even if you don't want it.Combat's pretty bad. The AI is exploitably stupid. send a single warship from the other direction, their fleet leaves the planet, you can wipe out the spaceport and then the fleet separately. Which is the only way I've found of beating cheating AIs - see above. You also can't tell your ships - hey stay inside the aura of this defense station - it's actually what's going to win this fight. Or to retreat without leaving the system. I just wanted them to back up a bit - why get in range of the stations if you don't have to?As for the RPS system of lasers/shields etc. That's great and all. But in order to find out what your opponent uses... you need to invade. Hooray. No espionage in the game, nor are they likely to venture into range of your scanners with their fleet. Good luck building that fleet after your war dec.Forget getting the AI to make a deal either. Seems like even just to trade charts you'll need to send them more than a far share to get a deal passed. The diplomacy of EU4 is gone. Replaced with the braindead ""why is this even in the game"" diplomacy of Civ5:BE. It also happens between two screens you'll need to keep changing between endlessly. Yeah, embassies and alliances happen in this screen, but trades and pacts happen in this other screen. No you can't exchange for systems that aren't settled (i.e. useful ones) and if you could, I don't doubt the AI would never agree. There's simply no tools to handle relations with other relations, nor are there the nice and transparent summary screens of EU4. You get embassies and rivals. That's never enough.And the ♥♥♥♥ing primitive planets. There's no way for a xenophobic race to deal with them. I just want them gone. But no diplomacy with them to wage war against them...♥♥♥♥♥♥ You have four ♥♥♥♥♥♥ options, and they become a ticking time bomb. If they become a vassal they instantly take all the nearby systems with them. Even if the system they were in had a frontier station. Great - guess I'll wage war against them in ... 10 years. Even if the race is some screwed up ""kill all other species"" race. No Paradox, I get to kill them now.Also, there seems to be no way of ignoring peace deals. I'm waging war just to destroy all life on their planets, and they end up giving them to me... I don't want that. I declared war to empty their planets, so I can move in. If I'm not a race that can purge - what is my recourse then? You can't deal with these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planets of other races - the tools for integration amount to an endless spending of your points to keep a faction happy. And slaves suck. Oh boy do they suck. 50% production? What? So they can starve?Also, the tech drafting can ruin your game. You want to colonise? Guess it hasn't come up yet. You need bigger ships or better weapons because yours are out of date? Screw you, research one of these instead.I don't really want to play this game anymore. Frankly. I appreciate some of the grind has been taken away from games like MoO, of managing planets and so on. But that comes back the moment building stations on multiple systems becomes tedious. It's also all the game really is. Exploration. Expansion dies off so quickly, there's no reason to fight other civs, because what you'll get you won't want. Stellaris is a 1X game at best. Because the other 3X's it falls down at, so hard. It's not grand strategy either. Not in the slightest.If there was a faster speed than fastest I certainly would have been using it. In the end it's just as shallow as the new MoO is. Event chains certainly don't save it.These are fundamental problems, and maybe DLC will fix them (cynically I think that may have been paradox's plan from day one) but it will be a long time coming."
76561198006335325,Not Recommended,281990,23318611,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bilbo the Basher (ellort),"Once DLC is released i can see this being a good game, until then avoid playing as their is too much needed to the game to make it worth playing"
,Recommended,281990,33707785,Posted: 21 July,all,Blah the Otter,"Alot of people are posting about price change grumbles seem to forget a key piece of information. Alot of other publishers/developers RELEASE their game at 60$ with ""bonus packages"" up to 100$ on average.  This game was released at 40$ with promises of constant patches and free+paid content releases.It's over a year after release, and this game has almost fundamentally changed in mechanics.  This has been completed through plenty of FREE content releases and I have enjoyed hundreds of hours of gameplay with this game.  There are other games who have FUNDAMENTAL pieces of their game broken at launch and takes months to patch them to a playable state.Stellaris has been one of the best performing games of the 4X genre.  I've had similar titles be almost unplayable the further into playthroughs I progress.  The bugs with this game have been almost negligible to a solid playthrough (i.e. not crashing consistently) and none have made me want to stop playing the game.I highly reccommend supporting this developer with the purchase of their game.  They have been attentive to their game long after release and consistently improve their product where alot of publishers these days cash in on their games then abandon them completely to move on to the next cash cow."
,Recommended,281990,22890058,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Ye Ole Zyffer,"This game is wonderful!  Firstly, creating your own custom race and empire is one of the best parts of the game.  You choose everything from what type of species you are, what sort of planet you came from, your ethics and government, visuals, and starting weapon systems (guns, missles, or lasers), and even method of FTL travel.There are 3 options.  Standard warp, slow but non-restrictive, hyperspace, fast but dependent on naturally occuring hyperspace ""lanes"" or Wormhole gates, instant travel to or from a system within range of a warpgate. One of the more unique choices i've seen in a space 4x game.  The game even reacts quite well to your choices when it comes to your empire's ethics and government types.  Dialogue boxes will change to reflect your empires outlook on alien lifeforms and the cosmos in general.You start off just after your first FTL capable ships are created and the whole galaxy is a mystery, your first task is scanning all the objects in your home system that until now your species as only gazed at through telescopes.  You'll find strange anomolies that spawn research projects and discover wonderous new worlds.  The early game perfectly captures the feeling of curiosity and exploration.  As you progress you may encounter primitive civilizations that you can subjagate or silently observe in the hopes of one day uplifting them.  You'll obviously also encounter other empires with which you must either befriend or make your foe.The war system on this game is also quite unique, at the start of a war you declare what you want to get out of it.  If you are scary enough you might be able to get them to just give you a planet to avoid a war.  If a war does start the game keeps track of battles won and lost and give you a war score that will affect how much you can demand at the peace talks should you choose to negotiate an end to the hostilities.  The better your score the more likely you are to get a favorably lopsided peace deal.Being that the game only released today i have not gotten much father than my first real war with another empire, which I won and I forced him to become my vassal.  But it is amazing how many options you have to deal with other empires.   You can create an embassy which will slowly make them like you over time or declare them a rival which makes them dislike you greatly but you gain influence points which you spend on things like frontier outposts to expand your borders or on Edicts (essentially passive bonuses to your empire that cost continual influence upkeep).Graphically the game is gorgeous.  I often find myself just roaming my systems staring at the strange or beatiful worlds I encounter.All in all if you are a Sci-fi fan, or a fan of 4x games your gonna wanna check this out.  If you like Sci-fi AND 4X games this game is a MUST HAVE.If your new to the 4X genre the game might be a bit overwhelming as there can be a lot of micromanaging.  However the game has a great tutorial system that explains the game as you go without getting in the way too much.  Also there are a few ways to automate management on certain things if you hate micromanagement.I'm not sure if I've played it enough to give it a X/10 number yet but I played it non-stop since release today and never felt bored or frustrated.  It has excellent pacing and is the most enjoyable 4x game i've played in a while.  It does a great job of making the galaxy feel vibrant and alive.  Honestly I can't recommend this game enough.  Buy it, Play it, you'll have a great time!"
76561198316351133,Recommended,281990,25679630,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,khanstrong21,"This is one of the best purchases I've ever made. The amount of content is unbelievable. Honestly anyone who is a fan of Civ V like I am or any type of strategy games must try this game out. There are a few annoying things about this game, like almost never being able to fight someone if you choose a certain philosophy, but that sort of makes sense. I'm not a huge gamer and this is the first review I've ever done, but I did so only to bring awareness to this amazing game, however small the difference I make. I hope more people enjoy this game like I have."
,Recommended,281990,22885900,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,bwc153,Space has been made great again.EDIT: Should've been strategy game of the year at The Game Awards.
76561198022843112,Not Recommended,281990,23047202,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jebediah,"OLD OUTDATEDTHIS IS A GOOD GAME (with a lot of potential)I will put a negative review for the moment, concerning (at least for me) this problem/issue.Ok...what the is the point of a ""peace"" faction? What did the developers have in mind, regarding them?Domination and Concuest victories is the only ones available.And Fedrations whilst you are united, doesn't add anything at all to the progress.One ally and my vassals would have been enough anyway.So what should I do ? What do they want me to do?Yea well ok. I understand you would gain a lot of planets that way as a federation. But the AI can create Federations too so.Should I just vassalize everyone and integrate them at a huge price?As a pacifist nation I really don't want a -10 or -20% happiness penalty all the time.But that's not all. The pacifist food bonus is mediocre and only helps you very early in the game.A peaceful nation has no point really. Nor a Federation, at least as a pacifist nation.I don't know how I feel about this, the game is basically limiting itself to one way of playing.It could be so much more. (as a core game not 5 DLCs in)And the war score system... Jesus christ Paradox.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=686910865(and taking the Capital world gave me 1% war score)What do you guys think? Have I misunderstood everything or?"
,Recommended,281990,31076249,Posted: 11 April,all,Wolfegang,"I haven't played any of the Paradox Europa games but started playing this on Friday evening, expecting it to last maybe an hour or so before I got bored. I'm old and haven't got much time to be playing games these days.Well, I ended up with 25+ hours played by Sunday evening. WTF!!I haven't played anything this addictive since Civ5. Similar in concept, RTS (as opposed to turn based like Civ5)  and set in space. Gorgeous graphics, very stable. Love the BGM too, it is fabulous."
,Recommended,281990,22891593,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Csontzuzo,i want to post a negative review because:the game was released on monday! come on! it should have been on friday so we can play it without break whole weekend so we get enough of it and the feeling that we cant play it enough right now dont ruin our weekdays while we have other things to do!But i dont because its the best space strategy game since Imperium Galactica:-)
76561198096735202,Recommended,281990,25155761,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,blackythebold,"Great game. Well thought out with lots of nice little touches. In case anyone is wondering like I was:Single player can be played fully off-line.Single player games are fully pausible - I haven't played multiplayer.Single player games can be saved locally or to cloud.Game pad controllers are irrelevant. I play 99% with a mouse only but for those who like keyboard shortcuts there are plenty available.Good graphics - though I don't know where the video clips from the ads are from - Edit: found it, I hadn't looked hard enough, my bad.Initially I couldn't decide between Stellaris and No Mans Sky but talking to freinds and from my own experience Stellaris is WAY the right choice.EDITOver 100 hours now still on my first game and still lovin' it. The more you play the more you can appreciate the great lengths the developers have gone to to include so much detail, its incredible. There are so many inter-related aspects of the game-play, so many things to balance and there is no ""right way"" to run your empire. Every strategy has pros and cons....just like in real life politics."
76561198093807102,Not Recommended,281990,23110862,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RepublicKnight,"Unfortunately, I have to agree with a lot of the other negative reviews on here. It doesn't feel finished. The game in its current form just doesn't deserve a recommendation, no matter how much I want to give it one.To rehash what others have said, the early game is a ton of fun. Your race sets out into the stars, bright-eyed and full of wonder at the vastness of the galaxy. You explore, eagerly finding new anomalies scattered amongst the stars. You find asteroids and planets scattered in the darkness. Eventually, you see a habitable world and with your scientists' valiant contributions, create a colony ship to take your people into a new era. The first weird space faring creatures you see are wonderful and are quickly researched to find out more about them. The first alien race you encounter is a great moment, full of excitement. Then more and more races appear until the galaxy is brimming with life! Then it stops. Nothing happens from this point on. You slowly research technology (very slowly). Spread onto a few new worlds in your territory as your tech progresses. But the universe stops reacting and gives you very few things to do other than try to conquer your neighbour out of boredom.Later game, a certain event happened in my game that seems like it should be huge. A truly alien danger appears and threatens to overwhelm the entire galaxy. Then it stops too. It sits in its territory doing nothing for literally hundreds of years. As I'd been a wonderful, peace loving race with a very small navy before this, I was sure I would have to battle for my very survival. But nope, just sat in my territory slowly building a massive death fleet with advanced weaponry that wiped out the so called galactic threat system by system through slow chipping away.All in all, I don't regret buying it, I got a few hours of fun out of it. And I'm sure that Paradox will do their usual thing and turn this into an amazing game in the future. It isn't there yet though, so it is going back into the library for now until the rest of the game comes along.I'd save your money until that amazing game is actually finished."
76561198026838635,Not Recommended,281990,23268394,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Flap Flap Donkey,"Even if the genre isn't exactly the same, I like comparing this game to Civ 5.The idea is that you should strive for the stars either diplomatically or martially, so that you more or less become the ruler of the galaxy. Therefore, you do the 4x'es: Xplore, Xpand, Xploit, Xterminate. You build buildings on your planets, you can terraform them, you can build stations around planets that gather resources or give research points, you can trade or you can go to war, either as the lone wolf or in an alliance.Sounds great, doesn't it?It does. But the problem is the 5th X: The Xecution. Trading is even worse than in Civ 5 where you had trade routes AND instant trade: Here, you don't have trade routes at all. If you remember the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor trade menu in Civ 5 with the tiny lines you had to click on and thought it was the worst system possible: Think again. Here, you have a similar list structure, that is bigger, but you have to switch tabs between offerings and demands. Also, the AI sometimes doesn't even accept presents, depite being ""friendly"". However, the AI does only do something when it is sure it will be accepted. So the AI builds alliances at staggering speeds, while you have to check every in-game month whether any of the AI would accept an alliance invite. Diplomacy? Feel free to estabish vastly overpowered embassies, ameliorating the standing with the other faction - until you run of of them, as you can maximally have 4 embassies.Also, remember setting your scout to explore mode in civ 5 and never ever having to manage them again until they either get to the coast or the whole map was explored? Well, be excited by this immersive gameplay decision Stellaris has made: Get ready to manage every very single system survey by hand. Automatic exploration? Nope.Same goes for contruction ships (the workers in Civ 5). Automation? Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. It's even more tedious as your faction's borders expand with time and planets that you couldn't previously mine become available. So if you have a Chile-Style empire (long and narrow), get ready to check all few years whether you can exploit more systems.Reaseach is similar: Get ready to select research targets from 3 different sections (Society, Science and Engineering), which is fun until you run out of Scientists and you get a 20% malus on the research speed. The scientists themselves are Leaders: Guys you need to buy for influence because... ? Civ 5 had a similar thing by being able to buy prophets and stuff for faith points, but they were more or less optional. In Stellaris you don't get anywhere without research.So far, we've established that the diplomacy lacks practically everything needed to be able to be a valuable way to go. Alright. Not what I would have hoped for in a strategy game like this. But then again, war can be entertaining as well, right?Aaaand nope. It all boils down to the simple rule: Steamroll everything or get steamrolled. Remember in Civ 5, when you were furios about the tremendous defense strength a city had, making it nearly impossible to conquer a city until you had catapults? Well, this time, your planets are about the weakest things in the game. Sure, they can't be conquered in the first few minutes, but as your empire grows, it becomes impossible to defend every single planet. Big fleets are far better, even for defense, which is weird at best.Alliances do a♥♥♥♥♥♥job of defending you btw, and the (thankfully disablable) empires starting with an advantage either love you or hate you from the first contact and then will steamroll you to death or leave you be. Seriously. You don't even have to give them a reason to attack you. They just do (similar to civ 5). The only problem then is: The AI does only do things when they are sure they can pull it off. So if they declare war and you're in ironman mode, exit the game and start a new one or give them half your empire, just so they can attack you again after the peace period runs out. It basically always is gg.About the shipdesigning: Well, you design ships. Is cool, but as your fleets will be a blob anyways and you can't see what's going on in fights, you basically just change some stat values.I personally didn't find the UI too confusing, but I can understand why some do: Too many tabs, too many hidden options and too much scrolling to do without clear indicators that you CAN scroll.In the end, I'd consider it as a realtime CIV 5 in space without the hidious round times (as it is an RTS), but with every single contra civ 5 had (Really, it seems to me that Paradox had a checklist of all the bad things about CIV 5 to tick) and none of the pros of balance, trading and automations.I'd say: Pick it up when it's cheaper than 20 bucks, maybe even as a package with the promised DLCs (that should have been in the basegame...) so you get the game it should have been.Don't buy this barebone for 40 bucks.TL:DR:Buy it if you LOVED all things that were flawed in CIV 5, don't buy it if you didn't LOVE civ 5. (Liking doesn't seem sufficient to me)./EDIT: So some patches after, the game hasn't really gotten better. There are still gamebreaking bugs (like inability to leave federations) and the Lategame is basically a stall to any gameplay and yields to doing nothing. You can now research auto-exploration (no, not a default: A research). C'mon man. It's 2016. This game loves micromanaging to much it's literally not fun to play at all if you expect a game and not an excel simulator."
,Not Recommended,281990,23283820,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,thivaz,"Played it a lot, had moderate fun for a while. Don't look solely at my play time because I usually let the game running while doing other things, but the fact is that the game is very shallow at the moment. Other reviews detail where it is lacking, just look for them.I think there is a solid skeleton of a game here, but I can't recommend it in this state for the current price."
76561198006160861,Recommended,281990,28228464,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Baron Bob Blitzkrieg,"ForewordFor those of you wishing a simple 4x game with no strings attached, i cannot quite recommend this game...But for those who like a bit of micromanagement, and the rewarding stories this game promises, read on, though it is a long read.I've thought long and hard about how to recommend this game: I could laud it's semi-random R&D system, which provides you with options relating to what you've researched, and the specialities of the researcher you have in that general division or the ability to customize ship layouts, allowing you to create taskforce fleets which can do any number of things ranging from fire support to swarm tactics to bombing from afar, or even the race creation/customization system. I could give you pros and cons, but i think i have a better way of showing what this game plays like.The long read begins hereLet me weave you a little tale, it's still ongoing but this is what has happened for me up to about..early to mid-game.My (Self-designed) people, the K'trassi Covenant, are a deeply spiritual people who believe in fighting for one's right to exist. They've struggled from the dregs of their corner of the huge galaxy map they're in, and have begun to grow steadily with wormhole stations as their primary mode of transportation. Early on, i'd discovered a few things: I was in a -remote- corner of the galaxy. There weren't -too- many habitable planets..but i could grow unopposed. I did however come across a few other problems.The first large world i colonized, turned out to have ancient terraforming bots on them. I took a gamble and activated them, seeing as at this point, my people were languishing on that world. Lo and behold, i got a massive paradise world in return with no strings attached, so... lucky me! The next bit...well, as i was expanding, i came across some hints of an ancient civilization that had lived in my region a long time ago. I figured that if i could claim their system, i'd have a leg up on any potential rivals, since beyond my initial growth spurt i'd not found any way of consolidating myself. Pirates were a pain, but a quick strike all but neutered them, and i knew that with my options as they were then, i'd likely face far superior empires with a taste for K'trassi flesh, not to mention anything else out there that might want a piece.So i went on a treasure hunt!These relics (six in total) pointed me to a system that was far outside of my range, but i knew i had to get there! My curiosity was killing me! I decided to leapfrog by building wormhole stations, and barely made my claim when i figured out... that by doing so, i had♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off two newly-discovered (and very powerful) neighbors. So i built and expanded my fleet and feverishly researched new military tech to ensure that i would not be overrun for daring to snatch whatever this system was away from them. Now as i do this, i decide to zoom in to the system. As for what i saw, that....well, let's leave that for you to discover. I can give at least a hint in the spoiler:Larry Niven.So i began building myself up around the newly discovered ruined system, with two angry neighbors and at this point, one friendly neighbor (thank you RNGzus), when i discovered something big. Something *REALLY* Big in a system right next to the ruined one.. And that's how far i got before i took a break and thought about writing the (opinion-based) review.TL;DR? O.k...For those of you who've read the story, or those who skipped. You build your own story, and can build your own race, choosing things like societal traits, initial weapons tech and propulsion choice. Each game can be a series of plot twists that can leave you muttering under your breath, or staring in disbelief. The state of the game in the story i played is that i am currently controlling a system with some crazy stuff in it, and the factions that hate me are deadlocked in a cold war against me and my newfound allies: The humans.  Bear in mind though? This is barely mid-game! I could end up being invaded by a random threat, or being embroiled in a civil war, or other such crazy things! What's more? My enemies might suddenly have problems too. Whatever happens can affect anyone, and the balance of power can shift all over!conclusionAll in all, this game is a true gem for people who enjoy galactic scale conquest. It runs fairly smoothly and is a blast to learn and play. It has it's flaws, however, as the game can be overwhelming to start with and some of the systems still need tweaking. But other reviewers are more capable in bringing that to light, and the developers have shown time and again that they are not afraid to re-do entire sections of the game if it doesn't work the way they intended it to.This game is worth a buy in my book. If you're still not sure you can look around at other reviews and the like."
,Recommended,281990,22998069,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Milad257,"I haven't played many grand-strategy games or even turn based games (civ5)So I was a little bit hesitated about getting Stellaris.But after reading some good postive reviews I finaly decide to jump on the train and seewhat's it all about.It's suprisely very approachable even if you never really played games like Stellaris.The game is pretty in depth and the combat is fun.I always been much of a multiplayer guy , so I really love how the game packs out during multiplayer.Some people turn their backs against humanity , while others seek alliances.Sure there are a few issues with the game which I am sure Paradox is working on it.Issues like joining multiplayer games , some ingame mechanics tweaks ( sectors front posts don't drawn influence etc)Overall I do recommend this game for anyone out there looking for a new addiction.- Milad"
76561198047769062,Recommended,281990,22993472,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MJF,"My thoughts after having just played from Earth to overwhemingly defeating a Fallen Empire.It is a good game. I didn't stay up till 6am playing it for nothing. The start is really well thought out and you genuinely feel like a species reaching out into the unknown. The anomalies are great and the randomness of techs means you will start out differently each time.I do have to agree with the mid game complaints though. The problem is that sectors are in no way comparable to playing as a King with a bunch of unruly Dukes to manage. Sectors are too simple. Basically you can add infinite planets to a sector and everything just works. Those areas become effective dead zones on the field. When your empire is growing, and the number of empires in the world is diminishing, internal politics is what would normally offset that decrease in activity. I fully expect this will be addressed in later expansions but it does feel a bit slow grinding up your ship count and having nothing internal happening to occupy you. Thinking of CK2, I consider the empire building and internal power struggles to be the mid game and it's something we don't have here yet.Some of the ship AI isn't great. I had 1000 (the max) ships attacking and they arranged themselves into a column so only 100 could shoot at any time. Pretty frustrating as there was no opportunity to change it. Fortunately the enemy did the same but it took away from the immersion somewhat.Overall I think this game is a whole lot of potential built on some solid foundations. It feels a bit weak in the diplomacy compared to Paradox' less experimental games. I'd also like to see better ship management, maybe using a 3D or layered 2D battlefield to really resolve those collision issues. End game could possibly benefit from some 'supertechs' as I was mostly just getting +5% modifiers to research.Really fun though and I look forward to it getting the true Paradox treatment over the next few years!"
76561197960409649,Not Recommended,281990,32728474,Posted: 24 June,all,Tbone69,"I had my finger on the trigger to buy this game.  Watched many videos and had decided it was for me, until this price hike right before the steam summer sale.....I thought Paradox was above this cheesy/slimy sales tactic that resembles cheesy used car sales salesman.   Sees the glint of Paradox's gold pinky ring and pencil thin mustache.   No thanks!"
76561197995363788,Not Recommended,281990,28845200,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,johnjarrett,I can't recommend this game.  Which is really too bad becuase it does have some really nice parts.  I loved the races.  I love how beautiful it is.  The battles are decent as well.  The number one main thing that makes this game bad?  You can't decide when to end a war.  Someone can attack you and then before you can even get back at them - they offer peace - you AUTOMATICALLY accept it.  In a game where the major way to win is conquest this is very frustrating.
,Recommended,281990,32892437,Posted: 27 June,all,Brody,"This game has an exciting start up, a mid game bit of a slog and the end game turns out pretty alright sometimes. Either way, wanted to review that this game also gives you plenty of opportunity to lift dumbbells and drink a gallon of water with its easy pause system. During the down times is when it's best to focus on doing the crazy exercises that don't involve dumbbells. Overall I rate this game 8/10 fun to lift and I recommend it if it goes below $20. Make sure to get lots of mods."
,Recommended,281990,34590038,Posted: 29 August,all,SchuetzePeter,"Stellaris is another one of Paradox' masterpieces. Anyone can judge the Paradox-Policy of Creating DLC content themselves. I for myself am okay with that, since it more often than not means support and updates for games that have been out for years (see Crusader Kings 2 which still gets DLC to this day). So this review is for the GAME Stellaris and not for the company policies of Paradox.Stellaris is a 4X type space-colonization strategy game in pausable ""real time"" (daily ticks). The main game is no clear-cut story driven campaign, as in many strategy games and the game does not feature a ""story mode"" like for example campaigns in Total War games.Instead you write your own story and history, unbound by preset provinces etc. - similar to Sid Meier's Civilization just not turn based.You start off by creating your very own ""Empire"" (or by randomizing it if you want the surprise-factor or are just lazy). You have the ability to choose an appearance for your Species from many partially animated portrait sets, that will represent your population and leaders throughout the game. You customize the appearance of your space ships, cities, the type of climate your species desires on their colony worlds (from arctic over ocean to desert climate - 9 in total) and set what your civilisations original way of FTL-travel is. Some of these choices are cosmetic, others actually have a deep impact on the game. Not to forget: You set your species traits based on a trait-point system and customize your initial government type through the selection of an ""authority level"" (like e.g. democracy or dictatorship etc.) and ideology traits (like e.g. xenophile or militaristic etc.) as well as fitting civic policies.You start the game in a Galaxy - which's size and properties you can chose beforehand - and begin your exploration by controlling your ships, building new ones, researching technology and colonizing planets. Or your expansion. Or your domination of the Galaxy. You will run into anomalies, alien species and realms - both sentient and non-sentient, space-fairing and primitive, empires and enclaves - always forced to make decisions. Some decisions you can only take when your empire has a certain ideology (purge indigenous species on colonized planets), other events happen because of the technologies you have researched (an AI rebellion for example). This way you advance through the years, build up your empire, form an intergalactic federation or just conquer it all. The victory conditions are just that: Dominate or Unify.You can either play the game casually just enjoying the ride, or min-max every aspect of the game, something the game actually allows you, since you can see every little number, percentage and even customize your warships to the single plasma cannon.The game is technically up to the standards, shows no bugs at this point that I am aware of (the occasionally confused AI is only a very minor issue and certainly not game-breaking) and it is constantly updated, and the DLC will keep pouring in for the next months, probably years to come If Paradox keeps its course.I can recommend this game to every strategy gamer, and since this is not turn based even to RTS fans, since the Multiplayer actually demands a certain skill level and knowledge of the games features to respond to threats in time, that can even tickle the fancy of deep-core RTS players. The game allows for a peaceful approach with few wars and conquests as well as for a militaristic domination and so even the more relaxed players can enjoy this game just laying back and managing their growing Commonwealth without need for military action, solving a crisis or the other and befriending everyone. The game has an incredible depth, but allows you to go easy on some of these elements until you actually want to learn about them, but gives you constant nudges to try them out in the form of events and problems which could be solved more efficiently by diving in deeper into the game than before."
,Recommended,281990,25125812,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,LTheMagicman,"Love this game. Paradox makes the best strategy games. And they support their products akin to an MMO: so many free content updates.++ UPDATES++ Extremely replay-able+  Exploration is interesting and feels fun and mysterious+  Multiplayer with friends works great+  Technology research is varied and interesting+  Seems more educated/advised than most space games I have played+  Tons of customization+  Tons of randomization+  Empire creation is fun and thematic: choices affect entire playthrough+  Random events add flavor to the game+  Fun-- Diplomacy is lacking in complexity-- 'Winning' conditions seems tacked on: you have to ignore winning, to RP, if you aren't militaristic-  Combat/Wars are a little dull-  Sector AI is minimal: in a bad way-  Ship designer is a cool idea, however the implementation leaves little flexibility or imagination-  As you grow in size minor tasks can become tedious-  Potential to very easilly systematically steamroll other empires if you know what you are doing-  Planet habbitability could be handled better-  Not enough solar system diversity (e.g. haven't seen multiple stars in a system)-  Too many habbitable planets (They should be more rare and more special and hold more value)All in all it is a very fun game--great to play with a friend--and a lot of my cons are currently being improved on for the next patch (most of the cons may be gone by the time you read this). You can be certain that Paradox will improve the game. Already a fun game as is and only will be getting better. Highly recomend Paradox and Stellaris."
,Recommended,281990,23210749,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,The Fogwoggler,"Although a lot of reviews say otherwise i really think this is a stellar *hehe* game. Granted it has a lot of flaws, however Paradox have been communicating with people who have bought they game and have been keeping an eye on the Stellaris Subreddit to see what bugs and problems people find with the game. They have already laid out a plan of patches to arrive towards the end of May and through June that will be focusing on the main problems with the game: Diplomacy and AI, whilst also fixing some major bugs and adding some more things in for QoL.If you're a fan of Sci Fi and of games like Civ, Pax Imperia or Master of Orion, I am sure you will enjoy this.Plus, the ability to create your favourite race from a video game (to the best of your ability) and then roleplay as them is really what makes this game great. I mean who doesn't want to create the Imperium of Man from 40k and then proceed to extinguish all alien life in the galaxy for being filthy Xenos? Hell, be space hippies for all i care, just buy the damn game, and I assure you, you won't regret it."
76561198027215946,Not Recommended,281990,23242622,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,adino32,"There really needs to be a star system.  I am going to say no but just barely.Good: Great early to mid game.  The best ""sim"" aspect of any 4x space game.  Micro-managers wet dream.Bad:1. Diplomacy is horrific.  Early to mid it is worthless.  Late it is nearly impossible move a faction one way or another.2. Combat is very simply early to mid almost so much so that it is boring.  Late combat is nearly impossible.  During the late stages when you have 10+ core sectors and you are part of a federation your navy is huge.  Probably around 50k+.  If your federation fights another alliance/federation that is of equil footing, just forget it.  You will get plastered.  Not because their fleet is bigger but because the computer just moves faster.  Not just thinking, their ships just move faster.  Now you might be thinking that is why my computer allies are for right?  Wrong.  Your computer allies does basically one thing when you as a federation/alliance go to war.  They all come to your biggest fleet and just follow you around.  I don't know if that is design flaw or intention but it sucks.  The computer fed/alliance is sending ships to like 10 to 15 systems all in small batches with landing forces.  As soon as they see your big fleet they jump and scatter.  It is IMPOSSIBLE to catch them.  I believe the intention to this tactic was to promote defense stations as they have FTL scramblers.  But at this stage a fleet that huge will blast that station and when your bigger fleet pops in will run and scatter.  Super frustrating.  It is an impossible endeavor to protect a large empire.3. You cannot win a large map.  Victory conditions are 40% of inhabitable planets or complete domination.  600 stars = forever to conquer 40% let alone complete domination.  Even if this was doable (and I suppose several months of play time and you theoretically good) the combat system makes it impossible.  One big war and you are done.  There is no coming back from that.  The war will last forever because of their ""warscore"" method.  It would be an insanely long war.I know this sounds pretty bad.  I am bit emotional because I just had my long game just get wrecked due to the combat system.  It is a great game, but right now they need to address some key late game issues.If you have the money try it out.  If you are a little tight on funds wait a few months."
,Recommended,281990,34060045,Posted: 6 August,all,dbissing,This is by far the best space empire RTS game. So much thought was put into the design of the game that adds so much replayability I never get tired of tying all the possibilites.
,Not Recommended,281990,29326353,Posted: 17 January,all,madSimon,"The game starts out great, but the mechanics simply don't scale into any kind of interesting mid or late game. It takes the Paradox blobbing meta and does it even more generically in space.The AI and politics just aren't good. You either kill everyone or form a giant alliance. Neither path is nuanced.I'm hoping we get some DLC in the future that gives this game some much needed depth, but for now, it's a pass."
76561198011650508,Not Recommended,281990,23887160,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bistiv,"Solid starting point for the development of possibly one of the best strategy games you can find around.Unfortunately at the moment Stellaris lacks gameplay and mechanics to make it a fun and lasting rts: diplomacy is a joke, no market, very poor interaction-with-other-systems dynamics...just to mention some. There are not enough chances of development in mid and late-game, after the first few hours the entire thing becomes quite boring and repetitive.This game has great potential but in its current state it isn't worth the price and I wouldn't recommend it. I really do hope in a Paradox-style intervention like it happened for many big titles they released in the past (EU4 just to mention one..).Looking forward to come back on Stellaris at around the end of 2016 to see some improvement!"
76561198005879531,Recommended,281990,29889453,Posted: 12 February,all,LHR Bad Karma 6,"I really like this game.  However, there's 1 big problem I keep coming across that is most likely going to keep me from ever playing it again.  That is the workshop.There are hundreds of really cool and interesting workshop items other players have made.  New tech, some stories, races, etc.  The only downside is that when the game updates every workshop item has to update as well.  If it doesn't, you end up with a broken save game.If you don't mind starting over, that's not an issue.  If you have a 40 hour game that you can't play any longer, that sucks.  I've had to restart several times due to this, and the last one may have done it for me.  I was using a workship add on that put civilian fleets in my game.  I liked the game world looking more populated.Then, update.  Next time I check the game (even though the addon updated as well) my game now had thousands of 0 health question mark boxes everywhere.  Almost every system had them and they seemed to block troop transports from landing on planets.  They'd just kind of twitch when you try to invade.This is a really good game and you'll find a lot of value in it.  Just be prepared for updates forcing you to restart."
76561198010829056,Not Recommended,281990,33279937,Posted: 5 July,all,kurushii,"For a long time I did not bothered with the villainous DLC policy of paradox for the sake of the quality of the products they sell. But the new increase in prices (which is more than %100 percent) and just before the summer sale, is nothing more than a majestic antagonization against gamers.If Becoming EA is a 10 step program, Paradox just made a 5 step leap.Be proud of yourselves..."
,Not Recommended,281990,22934519,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gantolandon,"Can't recommend this game with clear conscience. Not yet.It starts out great. The race creator is great. The galaxy is beautiful, as is the music. Exploring planets and discovering things is really fun. It looks and plays like a great game. Then it grinds to a screeching halt.Plenty of promised features are absolute bare bones. There are, for example, very few diplomatic options compared to other Paradox games - mostly standard 4X stuff like declaring war, trading for resources, border access, etc. It could have been enough if half of this stuff wasn't broken . For example, you can't ask for civilian or military access if your borders don't touch, which means you can get blocked off by the AI and can't even remedy this short of going to war.It's still better than the state of some other features. Sectors? They barely build anything, don't clear tile blockers, destroy strategic resources to build a Hydroponic Farm. Federations? Just a super-alliance witht he ability to build an additional fleet which counts towards the Presidents naval limit (so the AI will disband it as soon as it takes over). Internal politics? For 53 years I didn't even see a faction appearing, let alone a rebellion.The AI also isn't anything to write home about. It used to have problem with expanding, though this seems to have been fixed in a beta patch. Still, it's pretty passive and content to leave you alone in your corner of the galaxy (unless it's some hyperaggressive personality). Sometimes it definitely has problems with waging war - when my enemy finally decided to crush me, they just flew their ships through all my systems then disappeared somewhere and didn't react as I bombarded one of their worlds into oblivion. Your allies and vassals just follow your main fleet, not even defending their core worlds when attacked.And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the lack of polish is glaring. I already wrote about broken sectors, which is compounded by the fact the game won't let you micromanage them and wants you to pay Influence just for taking a planet out. When the AI demands a planet as a wargoal and someone else takes it, it will never end the war. There is no automatic survey, you're supposed to click on every star you want to check out.  At least one late game crisis is impossible to be resolved because of broken triggers. There are plenty of examples where the game could have used more testing.Don't expect another CK2 - currently it's more like Sengoku,"
76561197961342429,Recommended,281990,22917424,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Nightstar,"This is the true opposite of sleeping pills. Amazing!Ai is a little weird sometimes (see example below) but gameplay is very fun and smooth. A ""just one more turn game"" even though it is not turn based.Only negative experience was with a neighboring empire that declared war on me. They were superior but I barely managed to fight them of with me fleet and weapon platform positioned at my home system. They then retreated to their home system and allowed me to pick of their outer systems. In the end I had accumulated high enough war score to demand vassalisation."
,Recommended,281990,22950546,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SickTag,"Great game, a serious time sink.  The maps, even the small ones are still huge and will take days to win.  This is Spore meets Civ V, in randomly generated galaxies.  You can play as any race, but I do enjoy the customization you can do.  I usually go with humans of my own design from out solar system, Sol.    You can meet advanced races or even those in primative ages, and lift them up as part of your empire, or Xfile them and infiltrate their governments until you run their entire world.Enslave or be peaceful, this game is a lot of fun.  I also enjoy being able to customize ship parts, and defensive stations.  This game also supports mods.Down side is the game has to be played on Ironman mode it seems to be able to unlock any achievements."
,Not Recommended,281990,23206383,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Old Greg,"First time writing a review, but I felt the need to warn others.Was really intrigued by this game, as it hits all of my soft spots: 4x, space, etc. It looks awfully pretty, like a strategy version of Elite: Dangerous.However, that's the end of my list of positives. If a game is a series of interesting choices, then this is not a game. Every part of it, from building and colonizing planets, to exploration, to combat, feels rote and superficial. You simply set up stations near resources, upgrade your level 2 mines to level 3 mines, build more corvettes, and wait for the queues to finish.Combat is laughable, even after this recent patch. There's no reason to build anything other than corvettes, the basic ship. Tech upon tech adds complexity in the form of military stations, defense platforms, larger ships, etc, all of which are fairly useless. You simply build a corvette swarm, click on the enemy, wait for them to explode. Whee.Other empires look fun, but are basically identical, with ethics providing a thin veneer of personality. Think Civ 5 AI, but without unique abilities, aggression, or anything else worth talking about.A lot of hype was built around anomalies and exploration, but 90% of the anomalies I found simply unlocked a resource or gave me a research boost. No choices, nothing interesting. Even the flavor text was repetitive by my second game.Ultimately, this has the depth of a $5-10 strategy game, with the blatant intention of filling in the gaping chasms with paid DLC and expansions. I feel conned out of my $40."
,Not Recommended,281990,31087414,Posted: 11 April,all,Punished Doggo,"I like Stellaris, and that's why it pains me to not recommend it.I've long loved 4x Strategy games, and outside of their DLC policy I've loved Paradox strategy games.There have been so many stories I've made in Stellaris. Hours upon hours of building Galactic Empires filled with inferior xeno slaves, Peaceful Federations of scientific diplomats - anything that came to me on a whim.However, the AI is absolute - and I mean COMPLETE -♥♥♥♥♥♥ It might do attacking well against you and your systems, but outside of that it is entirely braindead. The situation is so bad I made this entire review after a ragequit. A ~200 year campaign as a martial empire, at one point the largest blob on the block, and the strongest outside of the Fallen Empires.It is at this single point that theUnbiddenappear to make my day pretty bad. They appear a few systems away from my borders in the heart of the only local empire near my size and strength. I figure things might get bad and the Fox Empire will need some help.Understatement of the century.I'd like to say for the record that I tried to avoid endgame crises spoilers and did not know the Unbidden trick - my upcoming point on AI still stands.The entire 3/4 of my Empire, the Fox Empire, and several smaller empires around us are obliterated by wave upon wave of 60-90k death stacks. At this point I have a single 50k stack and thats pushing the limits of my naval capacity. I fight/lose a protracted genocide of my people and my xeno slaves as they creep ever closer to my homeworld.At this point I'm thinking 'Clearly this is either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or some Deus Ex Machina will save me during this, right?'Some Fallen Empire answers my prayers and Awakens to fight off the horde sprawling across the galaxy. They have a call-to-arms for an 'alliance' to oppose the horde unified. I immediately jump on board, praying for safety. The caveat? I have to ban slavery across my empire. At this point I'm desperate and accept - significantly cutting in to my already depleted resources - and await for the help that does not come.After calling for a unified alliance and attack against the monsters, the Awakened Empire proceeds to do nothing but war against some two-bit empire in the opposite direction for decades because they're mean or something.I'm one of only two empires that joins the alliance.The Awakened Empire sits with their MULTIPLE 100-200k death stack fleets that could EASILY beat the Unbidden sitting at their planets.My newly slaveless economy is in shambles as I fight delaying actions with an ever weakening fleet as I desperately try to reinforce with every mineral I have, Redesign the fleet to take on theUnbidden, research ANY technology that might even the playing field - including taking an Ascension perk that increased my damage against them by 50%.But nope, too little too late. My fleet was gone. Shambles. The Unbidden take the last of my core worlds as my last two colonies hastily set up next to the Awakened Empire's border get ready to be consumed.Any other empire could have pitched in and fought the obviously more important enemy. Instead they warred amongst themselves as the only thing standing between them and oblivion was consumed from the inside out.But hey at least I got that +150 Opinion 'Mutual threat' buff and constant energy credit trade offers for my strategic resources when I was capped.*Edit*It happened again. One system away from my capital. GG"
76561198065880937,Not Recommended,281990,31708616,Posted: 12 May,all,Atrum Chalybs,"At first the game is pretty good. There is a lot of customization you can put into your race, from species and ship type to starting planet and government. It really is good as a space rpg. The gameplay is solid as you recruit scientists and governors to research and build your empire. The research is also neatly done, with random choices appearing based on your empire and past decisions. To top off the RPG is a quest system called events, or an event chain. These can have minor results from getting more resources, or even change your empire completely.So far, this has all been praise, but the game has a major fault. Namely, combat. The combat in this game is dull at best. There is some strategy involved based on what kind of armor and weaponry you use, as well as how you position your fleet. Beyond that, the combat work as such: Make as powerful a fleet as possible, send fleet at enemy. Once your fleet starts attacking, you lose all control of it. You have no say in anything they do after that point. This leads to really stupid combat choices, such as a large fleet of long range missiles going close range against enemies that have only close range  lasers. You also don't control who or how they target, so even if the enemy has a massive flagship, it's up to luck whether it'll be attacked or not.The combat being so lackluster wouldn't be that big of a problem in any other 4x game. As such, the final nail in the coffin is this: The only way to win the game, is through combat. There are only two win conditions, wipe out all enemies, or own 40% of the galaxy. Since other empires spread out as much as possible, the only way to get that land is by fighting them. This ruins the roleplay of many races, gives isolationist empires disadvantages, and makes you slog your way through the combat.Overall, a lot of the systems are fun and interesting, but only the most boring system can lead to victory. Not worth the 60$ or so you need to spend to get the game and dlc. Also, due to the long runtime of the games, you may end up in the same position I did, where you only find out how boring it is to try and win long after the time needed for a refund.EDIT: As some people have pointed out, it is possible to get another empire as a vassal and then  integrate the vassal into your empire. This allows for a potential diplomacy type victory (still technically the expansion victory) by getting enough other empires integrated to reach the right size. As such, you may be able to win without having to get into wars, but it will be hard due to most empires distaste for servitude.That said, it won't be very viable for my technocracy, stuck in a galaxy full of fanatic xenophobe spirtualists who hate my guts."
76561197965769436,Not Recommended,281990,22913327,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,zarhadom,"I loved playing this game in the early stages. Resources were scarce and i felt compelled to move out into the galaxy (get more energy, always more energy)I did probably start with a galaxy that was to big (800 systems and alot of ai races) This meant i had quite a bit of growing to do before i hit the borders of another faction (so no need to fight or compete with anyone else early)The different races also prefer different planets wich is cool, but kinda kept the competition low since i was one of the only races who went for continental planets.Anyway i got to the mid game without any problems, with only a few races ahed of me in power/tech.I had a nice big empire around 15planets and all the resources i could need, and here lies the problem.. Since i have all that i need to reserch new tech, feed my navies and so forth, what reason do i have to go to war? Or trade?None :p There is absolutley nothing to do....Ive been in two wars sofar!With the first being initiated by me on this bird race who hated me from the start, those xenophobic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.They were ahed of me in fleet size and fleet tech. No need to worry, i got my ally involved and he helped me make a bigger blob of ships equal to 10k power, vs the enemy 6k.Needless to say the war lasted for 1battle and a few planetary assults.Since their navy was dead there was no opposition and i was just running around with transports(boring)Eventually another empire decleared war on them sensing weakness and the cowardly birds sued for peace. Now this was a big(ish) empire but i could instantly make them a vassal + release part of their empire, who later joined my alliance..The second war was initiated by my ally vs another xenophobic reptilian race who had rivaled both of us and had a big border vs my ally.Again my ally sent their entire fleet to me so to make the biggest blorg (blob) and whack the enemy fleet out of the game in 2battles (fun right?)Now here i have two gripes:1: Why do i need to lead the ai fleets around?? I had NO stake in that war and only wanted to give token support to my ally.. But he refused to do ANYTHING on his own :p I tried parking my fleet around my homeworld and he just sat there while the enemy burned his worlds.Finally i caved and sent our blob of death to the enemy homeworld. That got his intention and he sent his fleet to defend.. This was the only reason i went deep into his empire, I wanted to face his fleet and autowin the war (fun right?) The battle system in crusader kings have more depth then this!!Im sorry to say: The combat, it just sucks.... :oI cant describe the lack of satisfaction in fighting wars like this :(1: The game lacks depth, plain and simple.. I am used to more from paradox and i dont know why they went in this direction2: You can probably optimise your empire way better then i did..But why care? When i got everything i needed by uppgrading powerplans/mines. Maybe its different on smaller maps? Then again, i diddentt want to play smaller maps :p3: Diplomacy and trade: Its lacking depth, its lacking function (as in: i need x from you, here take my y) Ive had very little meaningfull trade deals (research deals being one) Just to give one example: The ai i made into a vassall hate me. They are disloyal, and still when the second war came, they were there fighting by my side with the few ships they had managed to rebuild :pThey hate me, but has no problems dying for me?Alliances are meaningfull i guess, and i havent tried federation yet.4: Resources: There are special resources that can be used to improve certain things: happiness, better powerplant, weapons and whatnot, but i never feel like a need them! My needs are already met within my empire.5: Population: I dont know if this is broken, but all pops are loyalists. No other faction exsist. I have several sectors, though i do not allow other empires migration rights. Not sure whats supposed to trigger other factions.6: My population does not seem unhappy, like ever. Ive not made any happiness buildings in my empire (i am at the battleship phase) and i can detect no negative effects.. Or if there are, they are not severe enough for me to care.7: It does not feel like grand strategy.. It feels like most of the other 4x games recently, but in real time and with less depth.8: Information: I struggle to keep track of the relations between other empires. Who are friends and who are enemies. I have a few enemies (as in ppl who hate me) but i have no reason to care :p I made a vassal out of one of the bigger empires in my part of the map and the other guys did nothing. I got no worried diplomats at my door, no federations (just leagues or anything like that) to curtail my aggression! They probably hate me a bit more but who cares? :p I did see my ally had some negative points vs me due to terror bombingsI bombed enemy planets? Arent you supposed to do that to reduce fortifications? ^^ I even used the least aggressive stance!Ive had 20hours playing this game, and i am bored :(Ive never been bored in a paradox game before, and i play most of them: Europa universalis, Hearts of Iron, Crusader kings, Victoria...It may be a good starting point for someone new to paradox, to ease them into a game without to much to worry about. But i cant recomend it to veterans of paradox games.Or even anyone who are used to games like civilizations, or even realtime strategy games.The realtime combat makes you want controll, but the game just wont let you.I was so hyped for this, and now i am heartbroken. This was supposed to rekindle my love for the 4x genra and keep me playing for years(like victoria 2, crusader kings + +) and help me while waiting for Hearts of iron and Totalwar warhammer.Ohwell, back to viking conquest i guess </3:/"
,Recommended,281990,22888933,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CommissarBRO,"There is a lot to say about Stellaris. Whether you think this is the best 4x Space Strategy game of all time or you cannot get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to start, there is plenty to talk about. Yet, I will keep this review simple, as I plan on writing one hell of a monster very soon.Gameplay from an Ork:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wScr7anbaBQJokes aside, for those who have played about 30 minutes and are ready to give up: I know the UI is almost impossible at the beginning, it's because Stellaris is unlike many 4x Space Strategy games in the same genre. Take your time, learn how to play it and what makes it unique compared to the other 4x's games out there. You won't regret it, you'll be glad you learned this new take on the genre.For those who are having a buggy launch: Give it time, don't refund it yet as this may be a game you end up enjoying if the problems are solved.For those who think this is the best game ever: After 9.5 hours of straight Stellaris goodness, I can safely say, somethings are being exaggerated. This game is damn good and leaves room for plenty of additional content in the future but it's not the best 4x Strategy game ever. It does a lot good but it mostly does things that have already been done in a new way so it's more of refreshing perspective than it is a genre defining masterpiece.For those on the fence: Take the plunge, unless you're having a buggy launch, you can't go wrong. Look at the treatment other Paradox games get, there will be more content to go with this already sizeable game."
,Recommended,281990,25428285,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Cas,"My people were happy, species flocked from around the galaxy to inhabit worlds I colonised with robots especially for them in advance. I had a welfare policy that left noone out and all species were represented fairly. My navy was vast and had the most advanced weapons and defences due to our unrivaled technology. All envied us.Then they came, destroying everything in their path and devouring all. At first we did not worry as it was on the other side of the galactic centre, but they moved so quickly. A decision was made to bulk up the navy, a fleet was assembled the likes of which the galaxy had never seen before. The plan was to go straight for the head and remove it, at first the battle went well. We were outnumbered 4:1 but out superior range and technology meant we could push forward, but they just kept coming. As each fleet was left as scrap behind us more took their place and our losses grew. We tried to send reinforments but it wasn't enough, the grand fleet was lost.An allience of once friendly neighbours were startled by our sudden militerisation but envious eyes narrowed when they saw our mighty fleet fall. They declared on us, we pleaded, we pointed out we were trying to protect the galaxy but they would not listen. Our empire shrank to a fraction of its original size, its fringes annexed and passed around as a prizes. We then watched as each fell to the hungry, not with glee, but with sadness as we knew we would fall soon after.Great game. Make your own stories. Role play is a big part of it for me. A lovely grand stratergy."
,Not Recommended,281990,24713230,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,WadeStar,"Sept 19, 2016New updates all look like great improvements, BUT announcements like ""content that is larger than an event pack but smaller than a full expansion."" is the problem with Paradox. More unethical nickel-and-dime tactics. If Paradox were honest this is what they would say: ""Stellaris: release date 2017. $60 US.""Game still isn't finished and they're asking the consumer to spend more money on it.Aug 27, 2016At this point, I think it would better if Paradox stopped releasing any updates. Call Stellaris done. You made the game, you released it, it failed. Work on EVERYTHING wrong with it behind the scenes. Get all the features into one large expansion and release that. No more than one such expansion per year. In the meantime, only release patches for actual bugs. This would sit better with me as a consumer than this piecemeal, ""We fixed the game a little, but to get the whole fix, pay us more."" It's like if the person who installed my sink did a bad job, came over and fixed it with duct tape, and then told me, ""But if you really want your sink to work, pay me for some new parts."" This is neither a good work ethic nor a good business ethic. Eat your humble pie, regroup, and then release a new game (with a discount to current owners of course) or a major end-all-be-all expansion (ie: the kind that only come once a year--the kind that games use to make).Regarding gameplay, I discuss more of my thoughts comparing Stellaris to Master of Orion in the following video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzkDpvhn4IYAug 4, 2016At best this game has been boring from the start. But I held off writing a negative review because it had the potential to be a great game if the devs responded to community feedback and increased the content in a measured fashion (instead of relying on mods to do that for them).But with the release of the first DLC, the proverbial camel's back has been broken. Let me first explain what this game was lacking in cosmetics that irked me: There are only 6 ship models in the game. You can have dozens of factions, but there are only 6 ship model styles to choose from. You couldn't even at least select a color for the ship chrome. Now, compare to most games where there is a unique ship model for EVERY faction (and that always comes out to being more than 6). The city artwork is similarly non-diversified. What a wasted opportunity for immersion.Now the boring: The game is slow. Immersion would really help here, but as I said above, there's too little to carry me over. Every faction I play and every faction I meet just feels like ""Alien Species #2"". Ironically, when you first meet alien races that exactly how they're labeled... Another reason this game is boring is that the starts always feel formulaic. There will always be an inhabitable planet within your starting territory that is medium size. There will always be a large planet just outside your empire range. ALWAYS. So you automatically research colony ship and always colonize basically the same way. There's no square 1 diversification in the game. You don't have to be a statistician to understand that a slight variable early on has large repurcussions down the line. What a wasted opportunity to make the game play differently each time. Instead there's the same hostile BS in surrounding systems. The same gas grazers, etc. Same same same.As I said, races feel very ""samey"" because you are too limited on how many picks you can take and the differences those picks make don't really make your race that radically different. One HUGE reason this is stymied is that there are many interesting -1 quirks to allow you to get positive traits, but since you can only take 4 picks period, well... you can take 4 interesting -1 quirks and then be left with ... yep, 0 picks to spend on positive traits. So you end up taking a couple of quirks that really don't push your race one way or the other toward something interesting. HATE HATE HATE. ""But it's fixed in the mods"" ""Use the extended traits mods"" Sorry, it's the vanilla game that counts here. I'm not fixing the game with other peoples' stuff. I want to BUY a COMPLETE game. Not have to fix it myself with mods that may or may not contain the changes that would make me happy. VANILLA GAME COUNTS. Next you'll tell me how Phantom Menace was a good movie if I'd read the novelization or some crap. NO.What's the biggest fix that has gone unaddressed with the game? Nothing less than the END GAME. What is the end game? Well... er... you get bored. Because there is no diplomatic victory, no military victory, no economics, no... well... nothing except control everything everywhere. For some, this may be fine. For me, it means that after a certain ""charm"" point (where you're still discovering new features in the game) it turns into a slog. Kill. Repeat. Kill. Repeat. Could there please be some other alternative for ending the game? Other than me getting bored?But in the end, it's the terrible ethics of the developer that have pushed me into outrage. You are asking people to PAY for cosmetic DLC when the core game itself is still woefully lacking. You should be GIVING this art away. It should have been there IN THE FIRST PLACE. Compare this team's work ethic to that of the team behind Cities: Skylines. They continued to add major modifications to their base game even after releasing DLC. Their approach toward their core game was so admirable I bought their DLC simply to support them. Did I need snow or after dark? No. But I appreciate that they added underground lanes to the base game (instead of making it a DLC) so much that I felt obliged to buy their DLC. You should too. Please encourage developers like those behind Cities: Skylines and Thea: The Awakening. And please discourage Paradox from these shennanigans. If you want to play Stellaris, my recommendation is ONLY BUY ON SALE.If you want a good space 4x game, check out the Master of Orion reboot.PS For would-be pedantic phallus weeds: Developer is not the same as publisher. Keep that in mind before you miss the point I'm making about Cities:Skylines."
76561197972606398,Recommended,281990,22946075,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Aethaeryn,First thoughts (will replace with more indepth later:Pros:- The best 4X space game I have played since MOO.  All I wanted was the same feel and gameplay witout feature creep but updated.- Great options to start the game with or simple quick start- The extras are not tedious.  There is not too much to manage but just the right amount for me.- Sooo much room for mods etc to make the game almost anything you want (I like EU games for this)Cons:- ships looking the same- a little generic feeling even though there are so many options.  Even though the text might be different the mechanics are much the same for every research project I have stumbled across.Overall I think the game is amazing and has kept me glued to it when I thought I had burnt myself out on PC games and MMOs.  Truly a breath of fresh air! . .even though it is just better old awesome air.
,Recommended,281990,26364172,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Yureina,"It's been said that everything is better when space is involved, whether it be Godzilla, Dragonball, or, in this case, Strategy games. While there are probably exceptions to that... Stellaris is not one of them. This Europa Universalis/Civilization game, in space, is pretty neat. :DIf you have played Paradox strategy games before, then you have a pretty good idea what you are in for: lots of detail, variety, and complexity in order to make a game with enormous depth and replayability. This time around however, there might be even more of it, since you are no longer confined to the realms of history. For there are... aliens! Quite alot of them too. In fact there's basically a limitless number of potential species at play here between the pre-created ones, the random generator, and, my personal favorite, your own imagination as you are able to create and customize your own empires to play as. Oh, and there is a unit editor too that you get to play with, with lots of custom modules you unlock via research in the game.I'm a bit of a sucker for customization, so having that stuff was already a major plus for me. It's one of the reasons I liked Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri so much. I played with the unit editor in that to an insane degree, and the one in Stellaris is about equal, if not better. But, since this is a Paradox game, there is also a mountain of policy stuff and edicts you can enact that further improve the customization. What kind of space empire do you want to play? Do you want to be the huggly democracy who loves aliens and being nice to people? How about a psychopathic empire that enslaves, purges xenos, and nukes planets for fun? Or perhaps a science-driven nation that has few scruples and is not above screwing with underdeveloped civilizations? You can do all of that and more. And, naturally, you can change your style throughout the game as well if you want to.The technology stuff is pretty interesting too, with everything you research adding new buildings, modules to attach to ships, or more options to help your space empire run better. You are free to choose what to research, which further adds to the freedom of choice this game has by allowing you to pursue what you desire. While there are some ""pathways"" in the sense that you will need to research basic laser guns before you can move on to more advanced ones, for the most part you are free to pursue whatever tech you wish. Also when you fight people, you can use your science ships to scan the debris of your enemies in order to gain further scientific knowledge that you might have yet to unlock. So even if you aren't a science god, you can always just murder people and steal their research instead. XDBut... be careful. Because while this game starts out essentially as Europa/Civilization in space, there are some added twists that can shake up your game and have severe consequences. I'm talking about two things: Fallen Empires and Crisis events. Fallen Empires are, as the name implies, ancient space empires that have declined and retreated to closed-off enclaves where they sit and watch the galaxy as the new civilizations grow and fight it out. Sometimes they might decide to wake up and try to regain their former glory - at the expense of everyone else.♥♥♥♥♥♥them off and they will unleash some serious power - but if you can beat them their gigantic tech advantage can become yours as well once you have salvaged the remains of their mighty fleets.And one way to♥♥♥♥♥♥them off is to meddle in dangerous research projects that these ancient empires, in their arrogance and experience, probably know won't lead to anything good. Go too far and you might provoke one of the game's three end-game ""Crisis"" events that unleash a deadly foe that has the potential to take over the entire galaxy if you are not careful. Go ahead and research sentient AI tech, create synthetics that are superior to organics in just about every way, have them fight your battles and work your mines, and then don't be surprised if those AI's decide one day that killing you, and all other organics, would be fun. Or create jump drives that open holes in space to allow fast travel... only to have something crawl out of those holes that is quite... hungry. Lastly, there's the good old Tyranid/Zerg style bug invasion, though I have yet to actually experience that one because unlike those other two there is no technology to research in order to trigger their arrival. And it's the last achievement I need too... :(I could keep going on and on about this gamey, but I have to stop at some point and that may as well be now. Besides, all you need to know is whether or not this game is a yummy strategy title that is fun to play and play alot of. And the answer to that is simple and very uncomplicated: Yes.Nom nom space game. :D"
76561198087756494,Not Recommended,281990,24719422,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,nclrieder,"Imagine Sins of a Solar Empire, get rid of the engaging fleet battles (because they're automated in stellaris) and replace it with planets that have tiles that you have to manually add buildings too, and upgrade individually, a lot of bugs, and some rng to add frustration to boredom.You may be wondering about the diplomacy, sabotage, and other gameplay features you would expect to make up for an RTS/4x with lackluster combat, well they don't really exist in any relevant form. It doesn't matter if other empires like you, you can't effect them in any meaningful way outside of war.Build a big fleet, send it to the enemies systems(static defenses don't matter in this game just the biggest fleet wins, always) conquer 5 planets, end war, repeat 100 times, throw in an invasion of aliens outside of the galaxy toward the ""late game"" when you're about to quit out of boredom, (which are a moderate annoyance rather than an interesting feature) and that's it - that's the game.P.S. ethics divergence, species traits, ethos, etc. seem important, and that they might add depth, but they're mostly superficial IMO your empire is on rails to the end. your empire grows or you die. The customazition mainly increases a resource by x% and who you can be allies with, but again that doesn't matter because diplomacy doesn't matter."
,Recommended,281990,29969505,Posted: 16 February,all,Zalthor,"This is without a doubt the most fun, most interesting, and most immersive space 4x game ever made, and has a lot of potential to become even better in future updates. Stellaris has nearly infinite replayability, incredibly immersive emergent storytelling, a vibrant modding community, and gives players a lot of choices in how they want to run their interstellar state. That being said, it's not really worth $40, so you're better off getting it and the DLC (Leviathans and Utopia are the only DLCs worth buying at the moment) while they're on sale. Additionally, the game isn't without its flaws, so I'll list a few here:-There are some pretty glaring bugs that aren't game-breaking or big issues, but the fact that they're there is pretty annoying.-In the classic Paradox fashion, the devs have made some truly bizarre and nonsensical gameplay decisions in the name of ""balance.""-Pirate bases (I mean the ones that exist from the start of the game, not the reasonable ones that are spawned through event later on) and space monsters (the Leviathans from the DLC are actually pretty cool, I mean the generic space monsters) aren't fun or challenging in any way, they're just frustrating to have to expend resources and time to deal with.-Diplomatic actions are kind of limited and arbitrary, and the diplomatic AI can be really stupid at times. Also, there still is no option for ""Federations"" to centralize into a single unified state, which you would think be their main selling point, but at current, Federations are just glorified unilateral alliances with a few bonus modifiers attached.-The galaxy settings are rather limited, and the largest map size feels far too small.-Mid/late-game crises are cool, but I wish they were more varied.-Massive empires are way too stable. Separatist factions only very very rarely actually succeed in seceding, governments stay in power for absurdly long periods of time, and there are no coups or civil wars. Adding more mechanics (and fixing ones that are already in place) to cause large states to easily fall apart the more massive and heterogeneous they get would go a long way towards making the game more dynamic and unpredictable."
76561198026394897,Recommended,281990,22907673,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,hulaboy616,Dont Beleive IGN or PCgamer They give call of duty 10/10.  This is epicness
,Not Recommended,281990,33565370,Posted: 15 July,all,Kiwiman599,"130 plus hours, and not a damn thing to show for it!  This game is a trainwreck of ideas cramed into a top down rts.  The diplomacy is a joke, wars are won in a single battle because nations only have one giant army stack, and speaking of armys, invading planets is only a weaksause ""cutscene"".  If the updates dont ♥♥♥♥ your saves, the inevitable hundred defensive pacts or fanatic purifiers will. Its un♥♥♥♥ing believable that this long after the game has released there is STILL no mid-game or end-game.  All theyve done is make the game harder over the years, but not in a good way.  ♥♥♥♥ this game, maybe in another year or two they'll get their heads out of their asses and fix this game! Such a waste...."
,Recommended,281990,22904862,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ewiven,"Just to note this is the first paradox game i have played , altho not the first 4x, its an amazing game very fluid and easy to pick up to someone unfamilar with the game. the custiomization options provade many way to play and customize your race to how you want and lets you have fun with diffretn ways you like to play. Overall  very good 9.5 out of 10 love paradox now due to this fantastic well made game"
,Not Recommended,281990,22919822,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Cynest,"While the early game was very fun and enjoyable, there exists a lack of interesting mechanics or well contextualized play in the mid-game, making that part an unbearable slog. While this is almost certainly going to be fixed with patches and DLC, I can't recommend the game in its current state."
,Recommended,281990,23135416,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gatsu,"Stellaris is a grand strategy game set in space, made by Paradox. It's perhaps the first strategy game I have played in a very long time. When I was younger, Command & Conquer games were some of my favorites and also Age of Empires, but during the years I jumped into different genres I guess. I haven't played Paradox's earlier games much at all, but I absolutely love Stellaris.In Stellaris, your goal is to build a galactic empire. When you start the game, you have the option of choosing from about 8 pre-defined species to start your journey as. Or you can completely create your own species, which I enjoy doing. There's about 6 species groups and 60-70 different species to choose from, home planet type, design of your ships/buildings, your traits that define your race. Like breeding speed, are they militaristic empire or peaceful ones. I maybe used one hour on first time to design my Fox people. It's really fun :).Before starting game, you get to choose the galaxy size, galaxy shape from few options, AI opponent amount etc. Max amount of stars currently is 1000 and it is huge!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=685944206Anyway, there are a lot of things you get to customize before you begin conquest. Also there is a thing called ""Iron Man"" mode, which I didn't realize to put on first. It's like a hard more and you only have one save game, the auto save. So there is no returning back from mistakes. It also enables achievements.The gameplay is fun and there are a lot of things to learn. It's just a pure joy watching the solar systems, exploring new areas and slowly spreading your empire. It can feel overwhelming first. The kind of slow pace in this game is great. You will encounter many new species and will they be your enemy or friend, that is up to you.Combat isn't very detailed, but that is okey. The tutorial also for is good and the AI-voice helps a lot along the way if you choose so.Multiplayer is sweet. Friends can join your game and take control of one AI species, so you can conquer the galaxy together. Or you can start a new game completely.Soundtrack of Stellaris is quite epic and it's very enjoyable to listen to while exploring. OST  reminds me of movies like Interstellar and Tron Legacy or games like Mass Effect and Deus Ex:Human Revolution. So fans of those will surely love it. A good music is important with a long game like this in my opinion.Anyone who loves sci-fi and strategy genre, pick this game up. You will maybe like Stellaris too. I can imagine spending hundreds of hours with this. I'd play it non-stop if I only didn't have so many other games to play too.It's a stellar experience."
76561198007794034,Recommended,281990,24939150,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Arctic Wolf Patrol Gaming,"-> Start out as noble Turtle Pacifist Despotic Hegemony.-> Rapidly begin surveying systems and building outposts.-> Get in territorial disputes with Religious Zealots.-> Frantically continue promoting Xenophilia.-> Wipe out all but one solar system of zealots.-> Begin to feel confidant and semd fleet to last solar system.-> Get manhandled by last zealot fleet and unyielding general goes down in flames.-> Unrest begins in my sole colony.-> Begin losing contact with all outposts.-> Colony gets bombarded by even stronger zealot fleet. No Survivors.-> Homeworld system gets invaded by zealots.-> Home spaceport kicks zealots♥♥♥♥♥♥in but at great cost to planet surface and spaceport HP.-> Complete mission to wipee out zealots.-> Space Amoebas enter system.-> Annihilates homeworld and ends Turtle Supremacy.-> Looking at burning ruins of my once great laconic hegemony, I hit new game.-> Name homeworld in honor of my fallen unyielding general.-> Repeat above several times until success.10/10 would die at the hands of Space Amoebas multiple times again."
76561197992125869,Not Recommended,281990,22898658,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EDEM,"Unfortunately, the game is weak. Already played through on hardest and managed to dominate the AI while making numerous errors and being essentially stuck and unable to colonize in the early mid-game. I was hoping for a EUIV in space. You have a force-limit, you have to have a CB to attack regions of space etc. etc. This game is like every other 4X game. In-fact it is a step back to something like the still unsurpassed Distant Worlds for the sake of this review I am going to compare it to such:edit: Finally ran into all of the BUGS: I have had the AI send a 5k stack of ships one at a time instead of a fleet across my sector. I have zoomed into a fight and then zoomed out to the map only to have a destroyed battleship replace the stars in the background as well as numerous graphical glitches. The save/load broke where when I loaded a game it would take me to empty space with nothing in it, losing me hours of progress. I have had a fleet stuck, unable to decide between two starbase on which one to attack and just flying in circles. Not to mention that wormholes are broken with allies.- The world is lifeless. Distant worlds had a public and a private sector so you could see public sector ships flying through space, grabbing resources and hauling them back to the colony. None of that here. You build a science or mineral outpost and thats it.- The ship building is also useless. The modules are boring as all hell: you just have laser I then 2 etc. Why even customize the ships. In distant worlds, you had complete freedom to add modules to the ship up to their limit. You could make ships as small or as large as you like. Star Drive also had an inovative system where you can places modules on a grid. Even Gal Civ 4 allowed you to customize the look of the ships.- Colony management is still in the dark ages: Blockers!? Adjecency bonuses. These are all tired, worn concepts. Dumping everything into sectors just to get rid of the tedium is not a solution! Sectors should be the primary means of control, not systems.- Diplomacy, what diplomacy: On Hard and up, it is extremely difficult to get alliances or form federations so that mechanic is all but wiped out. Federation 10 year time, puff puff pass mechanic, is silly anyway. They built a game like CK2 where you could have a family, a lineage, gain and lose huge regions of land in one generation and here we are back with the staid governors etc. What a waste.(protip: Built massive amounts of mineral resources. Don't focus on energy. Befriend another empire who also gets massive energy reserves that they do not use and keep trading minerals for energy and win. Pro-er tip: you cannot run into debt so in the end retool everything to minerals and WIN with your massive 200k Doom stacks. Energy maintenance, WTF is that. I used the red shard tech as my only offensive tech and won. Battleship? More like here comes 50 corvettes up your♥♥♥♥♥ all evading your shots.) The game is broken as is. But maybe in some magical future world, Paradox carves it into a gem. I live in the present. I don't live in the ""What if they...""-Distant worlds you could get creamed by pirates, massive alliances, late game invasions. Here, you have terrible Ai to deal with who never attack you as well as a few roaming monsters that do nothing until you attack them.It gets worse: If the AI were to become super agressive, you would be all but wiped out because of the bonuses they receive. I have a feeling this is why you are never engaged. It would make the game unplayable on harder difficulties.Edit: The AI is even worse than I thought, which explains their passive nature: My vassel was declared on by a large empire. They took ages to finally move their superior fleet into my territory, while I huddled my ships in a corner, waiting for the end. They proceeded to attack my home world, destroy the station, then they !split! their fleet with one half buggering off to some distant corner of my empire and the other being immediately ambushed by my fleet and destroyed. A further note: while most 4X titles have some kind of limitation on the range of your ships i.e. Distant Worlds has fuel, this game allows you to just hop to ends of the universe. Effectively making wars highly one-sided with no ability to recover as you never have to retreat your forces from enemy territory. You destroy all their starbases and win. Distances are too long, fleets take too long to rebuilt. Wars are unrecoverable.-Micromanagement is from the dark ages here. In Distant Worlds, you can automate everything or nothing. It is up to you, yet here in 2016, in Stellaris, I cannot assign production orders (edit: I want to stress how insane this oversight is: when you queue up two ships for instance, resources are deducted for both! Even though only one is being built. If you are attacked, you can simply cancel and receive all of your resources back even if the ship is 98% built WTF paradox! That's programming year one!) to stations or rally points! I have no control over my fleets in battle so I sit and watch as they spread damage over the entire enemy force instead of focus firing.WORST OF ALL: I cannot automate the GODDAM science and construction vessels. I have to shift click every single debris research in a sector of my god are you kidding me.Overall: The game is clearly unfinished. This is a bare shell, wich might hopefully be filled by future development, but do not buy it yet. Wait until it is patched severely and content is added. This is another in a long string of dissapointing 4X titles. You can do better Paradox.This is a space 4X game and I have already beaten it on the hardest difficulty. That is saying something,Edit: The positives: I did have a very cool moment where my race became so populace that when I declared war on the once mighty bird people, I find that their leader is a member of my race, having presumably stabbed his way to leaderhood. I have to admit that that was a new one. Never saw that before in any 4X."
,Recommended,281990,31661618,Posted: 10 May,all,Fenguard,"When I first bought this game I almost thought it was simple, unintuitive, and boring... Almost.Now it near tops my time played list, every patch makes me play 100 more hours. EVERY ONE. HOW IS IT THIS GOOD. I'M NOT EVEN THAT INTO 4X GAMES. PARADOX YOU'VE MADE A MONSTER! I NEED MORE!Seriously though, if you asked me what my favorite genre is I wouldn't even think to say 4x games, but I play this monster of an amazing game near daily for WEEKS each time there's a new patch.. and then the mods, oh lordy the mods, GET. SOME. MODS. it's BEAUTIFUL! The vanilla game will suck your soul away unto the void of fuzzy space for DAYS. And once that's draining. the mods drag you right back in. Every damn update. And when you think you're ready to stop; When you feel you've had enough.. You haven't. You'll be back, like I will be, every time. Paradox has my soul and it's wonderful."
76561198305741403,Not Recommended,281990,34004188,Posted: 3 August,all,Scifiwriterguy,"Stellaris is a game with a great deal of potential which, sadly, it largely wastes. Before we start, don't let my hours on record deceive you; I'm largely an offline player, so Steam is apparently oblivious to the vast majority of my invested time.For those who are fans of old-school gaming, Stellaris shares quite a few similarities with Pax Imperia, albeit with a great deal more complexity. At the heart of it, Stellaris is an empire builder, another in a long (and growing longer every day) line of 4X space empire games. Colonize and develop planets, assemble fleets, defend against and attack enemies, gather resources. Pretty standard fare.Stellaris ups the ante with an extremely detail-heavy design ethic. This is a double-edged sword, of course: to some, having lots of options is rewarding and well worth any steepening of the learning curve for the gameplay enrichment it brings. (I'm in that group.) To others, detail only serves to cluttler the game and make it more difficult to approach. By and large, this aspect of Stellaris is strictly subjective; if detailed games aren't your thing, it's something to hate; otherwise, it's something to embrace.Stellaris is mod friendly, and although the modding community appears to be quieting down, is still plenty active. The use of text-based settings and configuration files puts modding within the grasp of most, so that's another bonus.So where's the problem? Well, to put it bluntly, Stellaris is a 4X with ADD. Playing it becomes deeply frustrating in no short order, mainly because the game will CONSTANTLY interrupt you with one nag or another. Do this? Do that? Don't do this? Results of our study which have no bearing on what you're doing? It's difficult to mount a cogent, complex strategic campaign when you're constantly being mentally derailed by popups. Moreover, without your constant attention things stall. Planets stop developing or improving, research halts, opportunities are missed. So you set up queues where you can, chain orders together, but by the time you can loop back to them, you forgot what your planned next step was. It's like playing a game of chess, except some idiot keeps getting in your face and talking about what his kids did yesterday. For micromanagers, perhaps, this is a dream come true. For me, though, I'd count it as deeply, maddeningly frustrating. And, I'll say again, I *like* details.Is it a bad game? No, not really. It has its faults, but almost every game does. So why the downvote, the dreaded Red Thumbs-Down? Because when you factor in what the game does and doesn't do well and balance it against the prices charged for the base game and DLCs, it tips the scale over to a thumbs down. Cheaper, sure, it'd be fine, a recommended without hesitation. But at the present price points, unless there's a *really* good sale going on, I'm going to recommend you skip it.Now your mileage may vary. You may love the game and all its quirks. That's cool; we don't have to agree. But if you're asking my personal opinion, I'd give it a pass until it gets a lot cheaper."
76561198083715408,Recommended,281990,22890062,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,mlgCancer,You can now commit genocide on a Galactic scale!
76561198155275683,Recommended,281990,32859880,Posted: 27 June,all,Bidoof The Rapper,"I've had this game for about a bit over a month and I have put so many hours into it. I love and hate this game at the same  time. Starting out on my first game, I had a dream of dominating the galaxy and eradicating all aliens because humans are kool. 4 hours into the game at 5am in the morning my empire was taken over by turtle people. :(10/10 best space based game I have played. Turtle people are kool too"
,Recommended,281990,28970823,Posted: 3 January,all,Xynian,"I'm going cut my review short for people doesn't like reading much details. Stellaris just needs much more polishing like every other core Paradox game, since Paradox loves selling their supposed to be given in original game parts by dlcs.Aside from that, it is at the same level of any other core Paradox games released since the release of Crusader Kings 2, which means it is a decent game for now."
,Recommended,281990,22913765,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[TAS] Lt_PliskinAJ,"Insanely fun game. Its a slow game but you feel like you don't necessarily have enough time to do what you want to do. You constantly have to choose between resources and what to spend them on. The ""small"" universes have 100 solar systems and take days to complete. This game manages to keep you at a strategic level with micromanagement minimized to a perfection.From the time I have played it seems to have a lot of replaybilty, not only because games will take days to complete but everything from what I have seen is procedurally built. You are not going to have the same game twice, they might be similar but one time you might start in a resource poor solar system all alone and your fighting to just survive, the next time your in a solar system that is rich in resources and eveyone wants to get you. Even the tech tree has randomness to it, not to the extent of you have no idea what you will unlock but it seems that once you research 1 item it unlocks a few from the next level, this prevents you from knowing the future."
76561198021974006,Recommended,281990,22951652,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,SonofHades,"4X Space game meets EU 4, doesn't get better than that!"
,Recommended,281990,22995783,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,WesleyW96,"I've now around 33 hours in the game and I can proudly say that this game is a very good game.I'm doing a campaign with friends now and we're having loads of fun talking about the exploration, anomalies and the things we do in general.I recommend this game because PDS did a good job with the sector management, Empire creator, the galaxy shape, size and how many AI Empires are present. A thing to note is that the events content changes regarding to what your Ethics are which is a very nice addition so you don't have to read the same all the time when you play another campaign.The trade and diplomacy needs some work however but it's not a big let down for the game itself as I'm still enjoying it 100% since the first minute I played it."
,Recommended,281990,22975023,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Saffron,"I don't often write reviews for games. This game has compelled me to do so. What an absolutely fantastic game it is. I have never been much of a 4x player or a grand strategy fan in the past, but something told me to pick this one up. Man am I glad I did. Stellaris really captures the feel of role playing a galactic empire. From the ethics and traits, to diplomacy and trade. To combat and wars. Each game takes hours and hours to complete. I'm currently on my 14th hour of the current game and have plenty more to go.The fact that you can completely customize your starting race, complete with ethics and traits, and the fact that AI species are all completely randomly generated is what makes this really shine. Also, you can design your own ships with the technology you have researched. Awesome idea.The only thing that has bugged me a bit, is the UI needs an overhaul. There are many areas where efficiency can really be improved when managing a lot of fleets and planets.If you're a fan of space, and feel like ruling the galaxy, pick this game up. With improvements and DLC over time, this might be one of the greatest space games ever made.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,281990,32719418,Posted: 24 June,all,NiKuTa,"Devs think, that we are so dump as AI in last paradox games (hoi4, stellaris). NO we are not !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The price policy by devs is unacceptable. DLC is too overpriced!!! It cost more then base game, which I buy in my country. And even that game wasn't cheap.And now they rise a price of all games and DLCs before summer sale. Paradox with this ""smart move"", make that I will never buy any games and dlc from your comapany. Only ""DL verion"" :D.I will not support company which thinks or has me as an idiot."
76561198138487423,Recommended,281990,23157719,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,gamerfss86,Found out in the beginning that you can have primitive stone age slaves... and it was the humans in my game lol 10 / 10 awersome game something to chill on for a long time.
76561198006837163,Not Recommended,281990,23027324,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Toletum,"Don't buy in its current state. There are patches incoming for the next months, will check it again then.-Lots of bugs. Seems like an early access game.-Game unbalanced [FTL types (wormhole is OP), ships (corvettes), weapons, ethos...]-Feels empty, needed mechanics are not in the game, DLC feast incoming.-Interface is quite bad compared to other Paradox Games.It's going to be a great game probably, but not right now."
,Recommended,281990,26107098,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,=SWF= Spartan0536,"Stellaris Review as of 10/18/2016....- Establsh Unified Earth Government- Establish United Nations Space Command- Go forth amongst the stars, begin exploring and colonizing profitable and habitable planets in the name of humanity.- 50 years later run into another species, they look like squid people, not initially hostile, give them a chance.- 10 years later ""squiddies"" are encroaching on my borders, they ask I give them one of my best planets or suffer consequences, I tell them to **** OFF.- 5 years later ""squiddies"" inhabit a world right on the edge of my space and start pushing my area of influence back, trying to covertly infiltrate my planet they wanted me to give them, NOT TODAY! I insititue new edicts and retain control of my planet while exploring others and ganing more powerful ships and weaponry.- 8 years later, another race shows up, these guys look like giant lizards and are religious fanatics, they hate me and threaten me on first contact, I tell them to go blow their Gods.- 10 years later, my UNSC controlled territory spans over 18 stars, 4 planets colonized, and my fleet is well assembled with frigates and cruisers, get a message that the ""squiddies"" and ""lizard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; have formed an alliance, we call it their ""covenant"", this can't be good news.- 3 years later, this ""covenant"" says they have had enough of me, and declare war on me.... HAHAHAHAHA I just finished researching highly advanced magnetic accelerator cannons, this should be interesting...- months later.... I have lost half of my fleet, but killed 2x as many, thankfully we have basic shileds, they are using laser based weapons that melt our hull armor, but if we can hold our borders for at least 10 years I will have a nice surprise for them!- 5 years later.... we have lost 2 planets and its not looking good, new tech is helping but my ""secret weapon"" is not yet ready, only a few years left.... gotta hold out- 4 years later.... just deployed my ""secret weapon"", the UNSC Infinity, a super capital ship killer with all of the latest and greatest technological achievements. UNSC Infinity joins up with Task Force Aegis, this is my largest and best equipped fleet to date, time for some payback!- 2 1/2 months later.... 2 differnt enemy fleets incoming on Altair Prime, Task Force Aegis is already en-route through slipspace (hyperspace), MOLON LABE MOTHER*****S!- Battle Report..... UNSC Infinity taking light damage to shields, 16 enemy ships obliterated, no surviors.... BLUFOR losses at 23,000 souls across 6 ships, we are doing well. Engaging enemy super capital with new CR8 Series MAC's, never used them before, eggheads warn of massive destruction potential, **** it give them all 4 guns worth.... enemy super capital ship is literally shattered into a million fragments, I LOVE THIS SHIP! The last few enemies have decided to retreat to save their scaly ***es, GO AHEAD AND RUN, YOU WILL ONLY DIE TIRED!- 10 years later.... I am now on the offensive, just lifted the planetary bombardment restrictions to NO RESTRICTION. I begin to glass my enemies planets with absolute impunity, no survivors allowed. Watch with an elated sense of satisfaction as I watch my enemies die horrifically to my new Matter-Antimatter missles and massive magnetic acclerator cannons. TBH kind of smells like calamari.... anyone got tomato sauce?- 3 years laters... ""The Covenant"" want a peace treaty, they shall have peace, IN DEATH, I glass both of their homeworlds and claim all of their systems in the name of humanity! Bonus is that stupid ""squiddies"" make for an excellent meal, where is that damn tomato sauce?- 80 years later.... My area of Galactic control spans over 100 star systems and 10 planets colonized with TRILLIONS of people.... Intelligence community warns of impending attack from unknown threat outside of our galaxy, they report systems going ""dark"" within days of initial attack, probe data inconclusive, great more space ****heads.- 5 years later.... Intelligence confirms the attackers are a bug like species, all attempts at communication have failed, they are heading right for our systems crushing other smaller species we never cared about in mere months, they wash over them like a ""flood"", this is what we have named their species ""the flood"", time to go to war again it seems, yet this sounds oddly familiar.9.25/10 Would eat squid people and make HALO great again!I have to say that Stellaris is one of my favorite space RTS games I have ever played. Extremely moddable, easy to use interface system, and lots of ship customization. Soundtrack is also quite good, as are many of the visuals, which of course can easily be enhanced for free through the Steam Workshop. If you liked Homeworld or Sins of a Solar Empire you will probably like this game.Scoring:Gameplay: 9.5/10Visuals: 8/10Sounds: 8/10Soundtrack: 10/10Modding Support: 10/10Overall Score: 9.25/10*Note I do have my game modded so I can use UNSC ships and such, this is the reasoning behind my ""short story"""
,Recommended,281990,35267414,Posted: 28 September,all,Ultimus,"What to say? Others have descibed it better.. So all I'm gonna say isthat if you like space and strategy games, you'll absolutelyfall in love with Stellaris!"
76561198353871660,Not Recommended,281990,34082138,Posted: 7 August,all,Shaggeh,"Like an abusive relationship, I keep coming back.(Base game review, NO DLC used)Short TL: DR : Great game, amazing art, concepts, and game play. BUT balance, AI, and optimization are really bad.--------------------------------------Final thoughts first (Duh)I've played this game for nearly 300 hours (275). I fell in love with the concept of the game when I saw youtubers and streamers playing it and have wanted it to be one of favorite games since I got it. I cant lie to myself anymore though. This game has AMAZING potential and work put into it, but the balance problems and quality of life problems have slowly made it unplayable for me.When you start the game, everything will feel oh so very fresh and exciting. The macro and micro managing will be exciting as you constantly need to pay attention to your growing empire(s) as well as your neighbors. The early game shows off this game in a great way, but as you get to the late game, and indeed, into other playthroughs, you begin to notice how poorly optimized and balanced the game is.Don't get me started on the DLC stuff either--------------------------------------------Here's a list of major issues I have:*AI in generally is BAAADD, making allies and creating federations is literally a waste of time as the friendly empires will never group with you. They will rarely focus on any set task. You have zero control over what their ships do which simply adds to the helpless feeling you get when a fallen empire starts taking your systems one by one even though (combine) your empire would win if they would just group. I've had multiple games where, because the rest of the galaxy didn't feel ""threat levels"" high enough from the fallen empire or unbidden invaders literally eating the galaxy, I straight up lost.---------------------------------------------**The fallen empires. My god. The fallen empires. These kinda act like (final bosses) if you will. They start the game with full tech and a massive fleet and remain inactive most of the time. In the late game they have a chance of (awakening). This mechanic absolutely KILLS the fun of this game. You could spend literal HOURS, gathering hundreds of pop, the best tech, a shiny 100k fleet that took you all game and all your resources to build and none of it matters. Guess what? The Fallen empire (with like 5 systems, maybe even 5 planets total) can MAGICALLY spawn a 300k fleet and just win the game. The rest of the galaxy sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥wont help you. In this game exists a random chance for you to flat out die and there is ZERO counter play. The various end game ""crisis"" are easier to beat (which I have).Absolutely dreadful mechanic----------------------------------------------***Optimization and combat. are. just. awful. I've seen multiple people complain about it on their forums. Nothing seems to be done about it. Even with decent rigs, In the late game, when ship fleets start getting huge, battles between certain empires will start to lag the game and you WILL notice the drop in frames. Simply selecting large fleets will also do this I've noticed. When it comes to weapon and FTL choices, you're given 3 to start. Kinetic, Missile, and Energy. After playing this game for almost 300 hours, I'd say it should be obvious that kinetic weapons are objectively the best. Missiles are absolute garbage, and the weakness to shield that energy weapons have is very apparent when you see that kinetic weapons have bonuses to shields AND armor. The combat is straight forward, you got the biggest stack, you win. In a world where big stacks lag, and empires can seemingly spawn ships from the aether, it doesn't make for an engaging combat system.----------------------------------------------Minors things that aren't too bad but added to my frustrations:*Auto explore is not base tech*You cant drag to select systems to survey*Searching for things with ""F"" doesn't clear the last search each time, gotta do it manual-like*Opinions of other empires to become your subjects (of any kind) don't make any sense. Like, it's never explained.*Game wont show you how your borders will change when selecting tech that increases it or even frontier outposts*End game crisis are rare, extremely rare. I've had the unbidden many times, but haven't seen the other 2. I even went full robots and synth tech once, still nothing."
,Not Recommended,281990,33563694,Posted: 15 July,all,TPNDrew,"I wanted to give the game a fair shot as it's a VERY slow burn, especially for a 4x. The fleet battles are, frankly, a joke. Technological advancement just makes ships exponentiall more expensive, with a power level that doesn't scale the same (this is a well documented issue). It's purely a death-stack game. There are certainly missed opportunities for tactics using formations, planetary cover, and techs that would make fleet battles more interesting like stealth, subsystem targetting, etc.For the first few encounters, the little story missions are interesting. That ends fairly quickly as you repeatedly encounter the same ones over and over. The RNG of universe generation seems to be a total crapshoot, with massive distances between ANY systems with planets (not to mention whether they are even habitable). This can make the early game really slow, especially if you have a close neighbor breathing down your neck.The game lacks real depth. That is not to say that it isn't complex, but I've yet to see how the political and social systems really impact the game in a meaningful way. Everything is, eventually, overcome by tech or traditions, making the evolution of your empire feel artificial. The complexity, therefore, is smoothed over into a bland mid-to-late game experience that relies on 'crises' to give you a reason to continue playing.EDIT 08/12/17: I wanted to see if there was something about this game that I was missing, so I kept playing because I WANT to like this game. Here's what I learned: the only means of vicotry is war. That's it. There is no political, scientific, or social means to win. There might be the appearance of such means, but they do not really exist. Federations are a joke. If you're in one, expect to be the only person contributing. Because the pace of the game is so terribly slow, expect to devote days to a single game only to have a surprise fallen empire show up, declare war, and wipe you out of existence."
,Not Recommended,281990,22922882,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Beautiful White Kitten,"Looking at my hours on the game, you couldn't possibly treat this review as one that carries great depth. But I could not honestly play past 2 hours per session, out of sheer boredom. This review will explain why to all the people who dismiss me as being too attached to EU4.1. The economy mechanics.They are boring, nonintuitive, clicky, nondynamic, and simple- in a bad way. The system is based off of buildings you make which give you a flat increase of income a turn. Personally, this ""+1 plot"" system is not what I expected from Paradox. Paradox has been known for their complex economic systems- Trade in EU4, Production in Victoria and HOI, and feudal taxes in Crusader Kings. Seeing that Stellaris doesn't even have a trade mechanic, which I feel is a lost opportunity here, when dynamic trade nodes would be *such* a great addition to the game. Instead, they decide to completely remove one of the greatest features of a Grand Strategy game in this '4x/Grand Strategy hybrid' under the justification of 'keeping it simple'. I would argue that there is a difference between keeping it simple, and not even including an important mechanic.2.The warfare mechanics.They are boring, nonintuitive, spamfesty, and carry very little player interaction. ""Designing your own ships"" is about as useful or rewarding as adding a paper sticker onto a cup and calling it a 'design'; it has little to no impact on anything, as the game already appears to have the most proficient design ready for you anyway. Not that designs really make a difference either, as the battle is based on sheer numbers; mainly two. Armor, and armor penetration. There is no maneuvering going on here, there is no composition or 'specialization' that is effective here. I cannot heavily comment on this personally, but I do believe that even those who enjoy this game criticise the warfare mechanics.3. The Diplomacy mechanics.Nonexistant. Besides the cosmetics, the diplomacy mechanics are only *just a tad better* than civilization's. I'll just quote the Wiki on the features:-Establishing an embassy to improve relations with an AI nation (embassies have no effect in a multiplayer game if established between two human players)-Sending an insult to reduce relations-Offering an alliance (a strong alliance with 4 or more participants may become a Federation)-Offering a trade agreement (trade agreements can include non-aggression pacts, map-sharing, resources, research access, -border access, and migration between nations)-Demanding a weaker AI enemy becomes your vassal-Declaring war-Declaring another nation your rival (resulting in both parties gaining Influence)Simplistic, alright.4. DLC PlatformI will never understand how people will conform to companies shoving out such a minimal game and charging full price for it on the grounds that 'they'll fill out the holes with expansions later!'. People should not allow themselves to be continuously abused with DLC containing content that should have been in the base game."
76561198297959599,Not Recommended,281990,35298499,Posted: 29 September,all,Dazz Aephiex,"A half-baked SF strategy game filled with unreasonable points, and those are harsh because they break up your game experience. At least, Stellaris have good music and fine moddability. With mods it can be interesting to play with, although mods can't fix the roots.If you are going to enjoy a SF strategy game but not modding yourself, I don't recommend Stellaris to you. Here are reasons.1. WarfareWhen it comes to warfare, seldom any game can do worse than Stellaris.To begin a war, you first pick some war demands with total value equal to or less than 100, then battle your enemy, and once you win, you will get a chance to force them to satisfy your demands picked before the war begins. You can never change your demands or add new demands, even if you have already entirely beat up the enemy empire. What's worse, there is a 10 year cool-down and is unbreakable, which means you will have to wait, just ****ing wait.What's that in reality? You first pick an excuse, then battle your enemy, and once you win, you will be able to make your demands. The warfare mechanic is not only unreasonable but also player-unfriendly, because you are expected to conquer only 3-4 planets per war, so it takes you 50-100 years to take down a tall empire or a large alliance. The later game is actually a waste of time.Another outstanding defect is that your fleet can hardly do damage on planets. You have totally destroyed your enemy's fleet, you expect to take your reward. All you get is waste of time. The planetary bombardments can do nearly nothing more than decreasing it's fortification health. You must spend your time on preparing armies and then drop them onto the planet. Once you win the fleet battle, you win everything, but the game insist on taking you additional time. This point is also unreasonable & player-unfriendly.2. SF & TechnologyThis game calls itself a SF strategy. What about it's SF part?Technological advancement in reality is a key to power. However, in Stellaris, it's not. There is no generation gap in Stellaris. A tier 5 laser is just 2x power of tier 1 laser, making technological advancement useless. The only thing advanced components have is that they sounds great. You can't feel any sense of accomplishment while growing into a technologically advanced galactic empire, because you can't feel any power from your technologies.All species are nearly the same. Seldom any unique features. Most of the portraits are just combining human with skins of animals and plants from our earth, they look just like those from the Chinese fantasy novelJourney to the West.As a SF game, Stellaris has a poor sense of SF. More like a space opera.3. Game StrategyThe game strategy is simple and boring, just take more and more planets and build more and more ships. Your power depends on the quality and quantity of your fleet. However, technological advancement can't give you that many advantage, so the best strategy is to increase your quantity. And where is quantity from? You need resources to increase your quantity, and your planets make up over 70% of your resource income. No matter if you play a conqueror or liberator-subjector-integrator, the base strategy never changes: to war, to conquer more planets. More ships for more planets, and more planets for more ships.Stellaris have some solutions, however, they never solve the roots: the strategy is okay, but being boring is the fault. What's worse, the solutions made the game even more player-unfriendly, because the solutions are tall empire punishments. You get punished if you play a tall empire, and if you don't, you get punished by other tall empires, because this is the only strategy.Your technology and tradition cost is increased for every population unit and every planet you own. In addition, there is a direct control system cap, and you get harshly punished if your direct control systems exceed the cap. You will have to divide your empire into sectors to have AI governors help you managing your empire. While non-direct control systems can't be manually managed (they can since v1.8), AI governors play unskillfully and can drive you mad. Your game experience is totally broken apart.4. Paid DLCI don't mind paying $40.00 for the game itself, but what about the DLC? Most of the DLC are something can be made by skilled modders and put into the workshop as a free content. What's worse, if you don't pay for the DLC, you can't enjoy the game, because the DLC features have creeped into the base game, while the most interesting part is not free. Why should we pay for an official mod or kinda hotfix?"
76561197994745958,Recommended,281990,30370016,Posted: 7 March,all,Vilk,"Always dreamed of taking to the stars, exploring the deepest, darkest regions of unknown space to discover all there is to this never-ending universe of wonder and other life? And then dreamed of systematically enslaving or purging this never-ending universe of said life because it disagrees with your way of thinking? Or looks funny?Plus, space whales!11/10 because they keep making it better with every update. Heil Space Hitler!"
,Recommended,281990,22904423,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Crimson Hog,"Let's get awesome (c) Emperor AwesomeMy inner fangirl keep screaming all night. Maybe this will be changed later, but on the first glance game is awesome.Yes, it less scientific then MoO3 but more deep then MoO2 and it's clones. The core thing in this game - Paradoxes remove the great curse of ""grabbing every flying rock on your way"". In the Stellaris Universe only few planets can support life, so out of dozen close systems I got only 3 good (including homeworld) and one arctic planets.Well, this game is a good successor of Star Trek and I would like to see Star Trek mod on it, or even DLC.Gameplay is simple and well-known to the paradox fans:- pausable real-time;- indirect battles;- ""city""-building;- weird diplomacy;- mini-quests;- great leaders;- some science.They just added some space systems, old empires and ship builder. So it's a solid 4x, worth to buy. Just remember - it's Paradox, they will make a lots of DLC in order to make this game even better (and get a lot of money for that)."
,Recommended,281990,22887778,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LordFail #GIGOHOME,"-decide to start up a game as the glorious Trump Empire as a divine mandate autocracy-after 50 years of colonizing, exploring and enslaving I come across a primitive species going through the iron age that looks to have the consistancy of taco bell beef...so logically I dubbed them space mexicans.-After enlightening the space mexicans in the art of the orbital bombardment I enslave their entire race and send them off to work my farms and mines.-Shortly after some other nation with Divine Mandate declares war on me...I've found space ISIS.-Space ISIS has a decent fleet but they were simply no match for the wall...which happened to be made of about 20+ battleships with quantum missiles.-After I utterly obiliterate ISIS all the way back to space mecca I get around to advancing my empire to a trancendent empire and as a result ruler Donald Trump is now regarded as God Emperor Donald Trump.10/10, would make space great again."
76561197973832235,Recommended,281990,30281247,Posted: 2 March,all,Guilliman,"After putting in a few hours, I can safely say: I like it!Make sure to check the workshop mods. Tons of mods that add A LOT to the game!"
,Recommended,281990,29750831,Posted: 6 February,all,🐾WolfAleron🐾,"Good game, good music, nice graphics. I love it."
76561198102537785,Not Recommended,281990,23266950,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Maeglin,"This game is boring. Very boring.You start off exploring the galaxy and that part is fun. But, fairly soon, you've finished that part of the game and you're into the part of the game where you're developing your star civilization. And there's nothing to do there. You get to make meaningless choices between technologies with futuristic-sounding names, and watch the AI develop the planets that you've colonized. And this goes on for hours and hours and hours. I've read that there's an epic war at the end of the game, but I've only played the game for about 100 hours, I haven't got that far yet.There's a tile development mini-game within a game, as is traditional for Civilization-like games, but the developers decided to force you to let the AI do that for you. I don't know why the game's designers bothered to code this mini-game if they weren't going to let the players play it.Wars with the AI are boring. You don't fight the battles yourself - that's all handled by the AI. You move your star ship fleets around on the map, trying to bring the AI to battle on your terms. If your fleet is bigger, chances are that'll be relatively easy. Then you get to watch the AI for your fleet ROFLstomp the AI for the AI's fleet. It's pretty the first few times, but after a while it gets old.In fairness, the developers have said that there's a whole bunch of mid-game events that they didn't have time to code before releasing the game. They've said they expect to get that code added to the game by the end of June. We'll see. But in the meantime, if you like watching the AI play against itself, this is the game for you."
76561197963756342,Not Recommended,281990,23364837,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lord Xel,"This game is just ""okay"". The company, however, is awful. Paradox recently decided to moderate and ban mods for any arbitruary reason. They banned my mod ""European Phenotypes and Names"" - and then proceeded to lie about me and my mod. If you don't believe me, go to my YouTube ""Progeny of Europe"" and watch what happened (can't put links here), everything is archived there so you can get all the facts without the media runaround or the Paradox misinformation. I even recieved death threats as a result of what they did.You don't have to like me or my mod - but you should at least know what kind of company you are dealing with. And any modder should beware - they take your mod down through a STEAM BAN. So, if you are thinking about modding this game, just know this is a possibility and be aware of the risks associated with it.Edit:Paradox's official and final word (an email to me):""I was asked to get in touch with you so am now taking the opportunity to do so.We were originally going to discuss the circumstances around your previous mod submission, it does appear now though that you've already successfully resubmitted it.  With that in mind and considering you appear to be firmly moderating it we feel there's nothing more needing to be said in the matter.""That's right, the modder - according to Paradox (no TOS or anything states this anywhere) - is completely responsible for COMMENTS left on their mod. I have a video showing the comments left on my mod - out of around 86 comments only 2 were 'somewhat' eye brow raising. But this was enough to issue a ban via Steam. As a modder you have no control over the comments besides clickng ""delete"" - an absurd standard and rule just created on the fly. No one has time to have a second job moderating the comment section, nor was it ever stated you had to.This is their statement, after the lied and called me a, ""racist"", ""white supremacist"", that my mod (somehow) ""discriminated"" against people, that I ""changed the description to make it racist"" - archives show I only changed it once (to let people know it still worked even if it said out of date) and never had anything ""racist"" in it.So this is what you get, a company that will lie and slander you in order for them to not take responsibility for something as trivial as deleting a mod.Modders beware.And yes, I can back up every claim I made here with facts and evidence to categorically prove how shady and unprofessional Paradox has been during this debacle."
,Recommended,281990,26175485,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Appareson,"I cant wait for the next expansion, where I can eat living people for livestock."
,Recommended,281990,29738002,Posted: 6 February,all,Comrade Vladmir Stanislau,“In space no one can hear you genocide.”
76561198039082079,Recommended,281990,22952159,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rocky,Well all of my free time since Monday has gone into this game.The only bug I've run across was a pre sentient species being listed in my Empire when their planet lies in another Empire.The game gave me a kickass start and my empire consists of 25 plantes now.We shall see what the weekend brings.
76561197986438664,Not Recommended,281990,23392125,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Sebastiaan,"Update:Waited to see how it improved and im still not entertained.- Warfare is still boring and withought tactics.- Still no real difference in races- Endgame is very boring with deus ex kind of events that instantly game over you.Game is barely ready for a real release and the DLC is already here (bringing nothing extra). So No.My advice, spend you money at another better game.While Stellaris looks great and promises a lot, it feels like a game that is still in development, with a lot of its content missing. A early access game. Something that is only emphasized by the huge 1.1 patch.I don't know if its intentional or if its just not play-tested right but things really seem to be missing. The game is just a bit boring and bland.I would wait a while to see how it improves and then get it at a discount.- No real differences in races- No tactics- Boring warfare (especially lategame)- Brain-dead governorsDetails below- No real differences in races:Its mostly visual. Your race's ethos will define how you play as it defines most of your policies. Choosing different policies during the game is either heavily penalized or simple not an option.- No tactics:There are almost no tactics. The only thing that really matters is your powerscore.- Boring warfare:Is your fleet's Powerscore bigger then your opponent; Declare War. If not? Build more.- Brain-dead governors:Creating sectors to manage your other planets sounds great but is not working. Planets remain unattended and build/improve nothing at all."
,Recommended,281990,23465298,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rick C137,"Found post nuclear war earth, inhabited only by giant anthropomorphic cockroaches.Genetically uplifted cockroaches to sentience.Took over the galaxy with my army of genetically modified cockroaches.Best game."
76561198007959303,Not Recommended,281990,24726042,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Johnny,"So the new DLC they released for 1/4th of the base games price? Yeah...they were in early previews of the game before it was released. Actually, the files for them were already in the base game when it was released. What the crap paradox? When I first started playing these games, I pirated EU2. I loved it so much I bought EU3,Eu4,Stellaris, that other one that is all political and crap that i never even played, countless DLC's. Just to support this developer. I just cant do that anymore, I even got a ton of my friends to buy the games as well! Im done with you Paradox, hope your dlc policy works out for you. The game is ok, but they are going to milk you for every cent they can for years to come. And to those that think ""I dont have to buy the dlc lol"", look at EU$. The game is practically unplayable without a few of the DLC's and I am sure that will be the case here as well.Just another case of one of the few good developers left turning to crap."
,Recommended,281990,29710315,Posted: 4 February,all,Afro Luigi,"Like all Paradox games, it has had a good start with a strong foundation to be improved upon, or in some cases torn down and rebuilt after player feedback.Even though I suck at designing ships, I am having a blast with Stellaris in all my playthroughs.My only complaint is naturally that the Sector AI needs a lot of work in regards to managing slaves, robots, and resource management. Paradox has stated that they are working on it, and coming patches and DLCs have me excited for the Sector AIs improvement!"
,Recommended,281990,22888553,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Celador,"Well no - it's definitely not 6.3 and ♥♥♥♥ you IGN once again.At it's current state the game is playable albeit very unpolished. It is very similar to Europa Universalis or Hearts of Iron and unfortunately is rife with micromanagement of the latter one. You have to constantly tweak your planets, pay attention to science and construction vessels and negotiate with dozens of empires which sounds interesting at first but quickly turns into a repetitive chore. Allowing faster ways to switch between planets and auto-upgrading of planet tiles should be a priority for Paradox.The whole vassal system seems to be unfinished as well - AI will never build or upgrade space ports and ships, and you have to manually select every planet in sector from the map to do it yourself.Other than a lot of unnecessary micro and lack of some UI features the game is actually pretty solid even without 100 inevitable dlc's paradox is going to release. The graphics are decent, the music is good, AI makes ""some"" effort and it is true that it doesn't actually attack you the moment they become slightly superior like in other 4x games.The game also restricts your expansion with influence points, borders and lack of habitable planets. Even on a huge map with 1000 planets you won't get that many colonies before you are surrounded by other empires. This means that unless they are really lucky with starting point and resources - everyone is going to be more or less equal mid game. Which can be good or bad depending on how fast you built those frontier bases which extend your borders early on.I can recommend this game even in it's current state. I have no doubt that paradox is going to release numerous patches and dlc's to address most of those issues. Considering that modding support is also there we can expect a lot of custom races like star wars, star trek, babylon 5, etc that will make this game even better."
,Recommended,281990,22908638,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Xardas,"Glad I abandoned life for this game, see ya in 2 years."
,Recommended,281990,22956336,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Nasuhdede,Very good. hope that they will improve. time to Survey.
,Recommended,281990,22890170,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Doomwarrior,"TLDR:What a gem in the making... lovely, enjoyable, stable even in Mp, still a bit rough around the edges but all in all, worth the money.Here a few more details from our 16ppl. Multiplayer Release Session:It started out a bit rough, we couldnt get half the group in since we were using a password protected server. Once we removed the apparently buggy password, it worked like a charm for hours until very early in the morning when the hype train came to a slow stop when nearly everybody was falling asleep because we played the crap out of the game.And boy did everyone enjoy this. There was no dissappointment in our group. We started out as noobs and within just a few hours we sent fleets of 10k strength out to conquer, massive battles happened and empires got hammered. We even roleplayed our societies and alien nature to a degree. The Game invites you to do it, its just a lot of fun to do it.Here are some pros and cons:The game starts out relatively slow. The first 1-2 hours are nice nonetheless cause of the exploration, the discoveries, the endless storylines and the research that enlightens you. But you dont really know what´s happening. There is no techtree you can look up to plan the best way to research and expand. You literally have to explore it. And it was pretty different for all of us. People in Teamspeak were constantly talking about stuff they researched which others never saw and didnt understand...cause it was fundamentally different from what they experienced....within the same game.The Game was stable the entire time. We had a few crashes for a few guys, for whatever reason but the majority was able to play and the server never crashed. Hotjoining works like a charm, admin can allow new guys to hotjoin or kick them out. It does not disturb the gameflow. (unlike civ, where it stopped the game). It feels kind of well thought through and polished in that regard.Graphics are beautifull and bring the universe to life. Its the little things that make this game so nice. Supported with the storytelling its just so immersive. You feel like you are in a universe with a history. Stuff you find is thousands, sometimes millions of years old.The Soundtrack is just freakin brilliant. People in our Server on Teamspeak were enjoying it a hell of a lot. It didnt disturb, it made you feel well and you were still able to play, talk, relax and enjoy the game. What else can you expect?Here are a few cons:Sometimes, even though the UI is already well done, the game gets a bit tedious. For example your groundforces have to be managed manually one by one. You will need around 20-30 of them for an invasion. Now you go to a planet, recruit them and now each one of them can be equipped... enjoy the clickfest. Each one needs to be selected, outfitted again and again and again...and then you send them out, select their ships and move them to...whereever. Its tedious, crap and annoying and in dire need of an optimization in the UI.Revolts seem to be a bit out of balance. Imagine, your fleet just bombed the living hell out of a planet, you killed the defence, took it over, win the war...take the planet as your price and now what? People get unhappy, join a faction, declare war on you and spawn like a gazillion troops. Ofc, those are amazing, kick you in the face and throw you out. It took me 5 planets on full production of groundforces and several attemps to take 1 of 2 revolting planets back. I had to bring around 20-30 Groundtroops for a revolt... something you can take an entire empire with.Other than that, the game feels well balanced, nicely done and none of us really wanted to stop playing. But we were already falling  asleep so we HAD to stop.Damn you body, for being to weak to play and demanding sleep. Cant you see im hyped? ;-)11/10 would play an enslaving hivemind again that lives basically forever (in slavery) and is happy about it :D"
76561197982980033,Not Recommended,281990,25952749,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,dakka,"Really, really tried to 'like' the game but I am driven to be negative as, despite much potential, the flawed combat systems, extreme challenge and a weird faction AI are too much for me. Tried several starts. Firstly, it is really hard to find nearby inhabitable planets that aren't already in someone else's space. There's not a lot of space to explore. Secondly,  you're consequently forced to turn nasty - mainly out of boredom. How much fun is your single planet system..? There's nothing else to do but attack! Thirdly, after spending several hours of gameplay building up a decent fleet, you can overcome an enemy planet or system only then to have it rebel against you! The rebels then use your own tech to kill you off. Forthly, once you encounter a superior enemy combat is really one sided. They take out your systems way faster than you can repair or defend them. Nothing that I can see that you can do about it. Lastly, I tried again - repeat - same things happen. After 20 hours, a game really has to grab me and keep me coming back for more. I need to se potential things I can do to overcome my mistakes - strategies that I can work on or improve - but I have decide this game hates me. I get a decent little empire together - it rebels against me or is crushed by an enemy AI. The game just needs to give me a little helping hand; tell me what to do;  give me a clue; hold my hand through the hard stuff; give me a little time to digest what you're doing?!? No chance. While this may float many of your boats, I have run out patience with it. Sorry - this is for more hardcore minds than mine."
,Not Recommended,281990,32718714,Posted: 24 June,all,PSZenica,Price increase before summer sale? Shameful.Otherwise a decent game
76561198041249485,Not Recommended,281990,29363117,Posted: 19 January,all,Two-Piece,"I really wanted to like this game. But it ended up a disappointment. I feel like I gave paradox a chance to fix the game, but alas some major flaws in the combat and diplomacy system still haven't been adressed over half a year after release.* The combat lacks strategy, it feels like it is just a ""the bigger stack wins""* The system to end a war feels very unsatifiying; The AI often requests star systems from an ally in peace negotiations and winning a defensive wars has far too few benefits."
76561198099885202,Not Recommended,281990,23090081,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Big Daddy Religion,"This is my first and hopefully last review, that I 'll ever write for steam. The general ratings you find on steam are typically trustworthy, unfortunately Stellaris does not follow suit. Before I go any further, may I say for the record, that I have shown ferverous support for Paradox. I have well over 1200 hours played on Ck2 and over 500 on EU4. Within 40 hours of playing Stellaris, I was dumbfounded by how unfinished of a product this truly is. The tiny intricate marvels the player experiences within the first half of the game become irrelevant by the time Big powers have become established. Races, Politics, decision making, even research, becomes almost arbitrary. The game boils down to how many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ships do you have in your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ death congolomerate and how many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ships do the other powers have in theirs. Paradox has never been known for detailed combat sequences, which I have always been okay with. Combat was never a major focus, for the majority of the titles they put out. Stellaris was not meant to be one of paradox's few excepetions. Unforatuntely the game becomes too restricted, in all facets of the word space, that the last half of the game ends up you declaring mind numbing wars for the however many hours it takes you to win.In addition, There are tons of bugs. Just to name a few,Missing armies - If a war ends and you have armies stuck on a planet that you do not own, they end up ""dissappearing"". They will still show up on the side panel, and you will still have to pay upkeep for them, but you are unable to locate them and or disband them.Never Growing Pops-. There is a feature in the game in which you may allow your pops to freely migrate from planet to planet, not only within the confines of your empire, but other space empires if you so make an agreement with said parties. What ends up happening is, a pop of a particular race will move to your planet and then say ""eh, this place ♥♥♥♥ing sucks"" and leaves a solid 3 minutes later. once the pop gets there it starts to ""Reproduce"". a sillouhette will appear in a production slot of said species, but won't produce anything till it's fully grown. when the original pop migrates away. the shadow pop will stop growing because there are no more members of the same species on that planet. Instead of the shadow pop dissapearing it stays there stuck on 0.0 growth.Gene mutation - ♥♥♥♥ed, ♥♥♥♥ed, ♥♥♥♥ed. ♥♥♥♥ed.The interface, is also really ♥♥♥♥ing clunky. It's extremely unfriendly and I constantly find myself saying ""why wouldn't they do this a different way"" It seems as though it was an afterthought. Unfinished, much like the rest of the game.That being said, there are some wonderful features. tons of intricacies that will literally help you forget all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥the game has been throwing in your face. The initial option of race/ empire creation is extremely detailed. It allows the player to really immerse him/herself into the game before it's even begun. It allows for a full range of motion in choosing a player's species' ideologies, short comings and strengths.Early game alien interactions, research and discovery are also incredibly detailed and really help guide the game without it feeling too restricted.I just feel that, after spending 40 hours playing Stellaris and witnessing such an unfinished game, that I cant help but think that Paradox is taking full advantage of a loyal fanbase. This game was pegged as being one of the most colossal games they have ever released, and so far it seems as though they put such little time into it. I'm sure Paradox will fix it, but how many DLC's and expansions will I need to buy? How many mods will I need to download? I'm sorry, but for anyone who is thinking of buying this game, realize that despite paying 40 dollars for this game, you will not recieve a product worth the money in return."
76561198041391666,Recommended,281990,32852101,Posted: 27 June,all,Banana Cat,You can play as a race of flesh-eating snails.
76561198065870221,Not Recommended,281990,23927701,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Valmont,"I don't recommend this game yet but let me tell you first what the game is about: basically it's a 4X game. Collect resources on explored planets by colonizing them and/or building facilities. Keep expanding and researching new technologies whilst managing your rule by diplomacy, war and other means.The main goal is conquest, but events may be triggered by exploring anomalies in space. Events are like miini-adventures which may lead to great rewards and sometimes lead to disaster. This is a super fun idea. But here's my first complaint: more events are needed. After only a few runs you've seen it and done it all.It's a very accessible game. Diplomacy is really simplified and in general I don't think the game is that challenging. So that's the second downside. I have read that some players have done and seen it all and lost interest already and frankly so did I.The combat is broken, uninspiring and oversimplified. In a battle, the ships just rush forward only to end up in a big furry ball and then the ships are shot in order by its size. You can't focus fire or micromanage a battle at all. Especially if you're having a fanatic PVP combat background in Eve Online you'll going to loath this simplified combat system.Then there's the middle game. It is massively boring and the only way to move forward is to invent more weaponry because I'm too weak to go to war, but so is everybody. Basically on all fronts the middle game is a grind-fest.Also, in the middle game, all parties can have defense pacts, which makes it impossible to go to war with anyone. So in this case one has to wait for the endgame scenarios to trigger, which could take a very long time still.As the science research moves forward slowly - research has become more expensive as you expand - I'm just sitting here picking a fight with insignificant space pirates or aliens. I literally fell asleep in this middle game and I'm not going to end it.Sectors: the player is allowed to micromanage only a limited amount of colonized planets. To own more planets you have to create sectors. This will let the AI manage colonized planets, which opens slots for you to colonize new planets.  But the AI does a horrible job at managing. What's the point anyway. Paradox probably feared the player might get overburdened.Another thing the AI does bad is auto-fitting your ships. To be more precise, that feature by itself is nonsensical. The system doesn't know which type of enemy ships you aim to counter; it really matters, so the auto-fitting feature shouldn't exist. You can manually fit ships, it's just that the auto-fitting feature is wasted item in the interface if you will.Finally there's the clunky interface. From weapon-types to customized ships, from diplomacy to trading and empire management, the interface is kind of a messy and straightforward design.And so I can't recommend the yet. This is an early-release as it is popular for producers to do so these days and that means a lot of unfinished business will be - hopefully - added through patches.If new patches improve things, I will update this review! Again, it has potential but not worth your money right now.Conclusion:+ Interesting Start+ Great Idea+ Decent Graphics+ Customization (of traits) of Races+ Relative Easy Modding and Modding Support- Boring Experience After The Opening Phase- Overall Bad Execution of Game Concept- Oversimplified Battles- Weird Factors with respect to Diplomacy, (declaring) War, Trades- Clunky Interface for a Wide Area of Things- In General Game is not Finished by a Long ShotNote: edited slightly because of the arrival of patch 1.2.1. New patch corrects a few things but also added a small armada of new bugs and problems."
,Recommended,281990,22984248,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dimas Cyriaco,"Paradox's take on space is pretty solid. The game is complex as we expect from a Paradox grand strategy game and is polished enough. But there are some under-developed features, like the diplomacy and fleet control. But it'll probably be fixed with patches and expansions, as PDX usually do."
,Not Recommended,281990,29880771,Posted: 12 February,all,Kieron,"Stellaris is a game tries to offer a deep, methodical, and emergent scifi experience. What it actually delivers is hours upon hours of shifting your ships around to manually survey, guard, and build hundreds of planets while reading textbox events. The vast majority of the early game involves sending survey ships to new systems while your military sits at home staring at the starter alien fleets you won't be able to kill for 30 years.That deep emergent plot? It takes the form of randomized events. Want to find a Precursor homeworld? Enjoy surveying 100 systems and rolling the dice on anomalies. Better hope that none of the systems you need are in another empire's territory! Your reward, if you finish, will be yet another textbox of pregen story and a bit more resources on a planet.The early game is heavily luck based. With Fallen Empires, advanced start empires, and opposed empires, its easily possible to start wedged between three existential threats. Beyond that, since star position is randomized and habitatibility varies by species, you may end up with a capital that sits by itself and all of your starting expansions contested by a similar species. When it turns out you were screwed from turn one, enjoy restarting and setting up those 200 survey and exploration trips again!In the midgame you get to enjoy the wonder that is Rock Paper Scissors in ship form. Do you know the AI ship patterns and build the hard counter? Grats, you can annhilate ships two or three times yoru size! Screw up and have missiles when you needed lasers? You're screwed. Enjoy resetting. If you're not at war, the midgame consists of crapping out colony ships and waiting on the next tech to finish in 30 more months.Late game is a series of precanned events that all follow the pattern of dropping a bunch of massive fleets out of nowhere. Oh, look, a 100k fleet! Hope youve been building fleet power for the last 75 years! Oh, and you best have the right counter for those fleets, or there is no way to build enough ships.Diplomacy is almost entirely based on two factors: If your species philosophy matches and if you have border friction. There is very little you can do to prevent war if an opposed philosophy butts up against you. Don't bother.Even if all this doesn't sound droll, you can expect the 20 to 30 hour playtime for a proper game to drive you into a dusty grave. Much of that time is just waiting for more surveying, more ships to move, more construction to complete - even on Fastest, there are long stretches of nothing to do.This game is an exercise in tedium with a randomized plot less structured than a tumblr blog."
,Recommended,281990,22957006,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FANTA DEFENDER,For a Paradox game pretty bug free. Maybe a bit shallow if you enter mid/late game and a bit passive AI. But all in all it's a pretty good fundament for maybe one the best space games of all time.
76561197969345530,Not Recommended,281990,23268966,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Talibantastic,"It is a DLC platform. If you are ok with that then go ahead and buy it, but I would wait until at least a few of those DLC are released. This will (probably) (eventually) be a good or even great game, but it isn't right now."
,Recommended,281990,32279291,Posted: 8 June,all,seppafer,"In honor of 500 hours of gameplay i have decided to write a review of the game. I bought the game in July of 2016 and was greatly pleased with the game as it was. Over the months I have seen the game continue to evolve for the better with the introduction of free mechanics like Unity, government ethics and various gameplay improvements. If I were to compare the gameplay to another one I would say that it is similar to Star Wars: Empire at War. Stellaris surpasses the aformentioned game in how well it balances the complex strategic depth with a robust yet easy to understand economic system allowing people who are unfamiliar with or not particularly good at grand strategy games but still want the experience of one without having to manage any highly complex systems.Likes: Great replayability, creating custom stellar empires, great and evolving gameplay, early, late and mid game all present their own unique chalanges, strong yet easy to learn economic system, great DLCDislikes: Diplomacy is simple and does not (yet) have much depth beyond forming a federation, defensive pact or ganging up on someone."
,Recommended,281990,22890531,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lupollo,"A great balance of the typical 4X games and the grand strategy games for which Paradox is well known. It starts small and slow with excellent writing (exploration actually feels... exploratory), but then gradually turns into the static, politicing, and warmongering that you'd expect from a grand strategy game. I will admit the game as it currently stands feels like just the start of the journey. It is a well put together peice of software but it does lack some of the comlexity I've grown used to in other Paradox games. However, those games have also been DLC'd about 15 times a peice (additions of which I approve). Give the developers time to see how people play, hear what they want, and think about the game's direction and I'm positive the great base they've started with here will become just as magnificent as their other Grand Strategy Titles. Until then I'll just keep enjoying Stellaris in its excellent current form."
76561198051551071,Not Recommended,281990,23681200,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ubilaz,"Dear developers. Sorry. This is the Most. Boring. Game. Ever. Really, it is just a bunch of timers trying to be interesting. When the timer ends, you choose a new timer. And the UI seems designed to keep you busy. BORING. And the wars. Fighting wars with this system sucks. I fight a war, and the other guys can suddenly declare peace? What?What could be done to make it better?1. Make the consequences of choices actually clear, now there are so many choices it is totally unclear what does what. It just doesn't seem to matter much.2. Restructure the AI so you get away from micromanaging timers and into strategy. Now a lot of time is spent finding that particular planet back, etc. That is stuff the computer should do for you. I want to think about how to kill the other empire. Another thing the computer should do: show me what would happen to the border if I would place a frontier outpost. What will the influence be? That makes it less guesswork. If you get some feedback you can easily spend a lot of  more interesting time planning how to best expand the borders.3. Why do I only see what planets are habitable in the galaxy map when I have a colony ship selected? Please make a 'colony planner view' or something that will show that. Or use overlays.4. If a trade ends, why is there no button that allows you to propose the trade again. Now I need to manually keep a list of what I trade with whom. Many such examples.5. Please show me a tech tree so I can plan what research to pick. Or at least a 'general direction' tech tree.6. For flavor, it would be nice to have some kind of 'history' that gets created while you play. Add some events '100 year existence of colony X' etc. Remember great leaders and scientists. Now they are just RNG strings.I could go on.For prospective buyers: If you want to skip spending a bunch of hours hoping that it will change beyond managing timers, don't buy it. If you like staying 'busy' pressing the occasional random upgrade, by all means go ahead. Or try Adventure Capitalist. It does the same thing but in a more interesting way."
,Not Recommended,281990,23286295,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Camphibian,"I like playing 4X and this is why I purchased Stellaris.So, what is a 4 X?XploreXploitXpandXterminateWhat does Stellaris provide?XcruciateIn the year 2680, I have 1k fleet cap. The game chugs. Periods of up to 15 seconds where nothing happens in the gui.I get this uncanny feeling Stellaris is written in C# and the garbage collector is having more fun than me.Clarke 1.1 Update: If it ain't broken then releases a bugged patch.I started a new game and OFTEN now parts of the gui disappear and it chugs even worse and frequent crashes about 1 per hour.Federations are crap as the Leader determines what wars are fought and you have no say in wargoals. Try finding the leader or rivals or embassies without listing each empire. BAH!Sector economics fail with stored res but no dev and space stations which remove your ship building modules and delete your construction queue. And still the tedious mid game colony management.Further bugs of my fleets simply disappearing and alien fleets performing double jumps through non allied territory.Asimov 1.2 Update: *double silent facepalm*Trumpets blare across the galaxy as I discover the patch has eliminated all my core planet bonuses from 18 back to the base of 5 and in 5 months empire is totally bankrupt.1.4 Update: Stiill essentially flawedI didn't play Stellaris for a while because I found watching paint drying more entertaining. Come back to find a new release, played a mini game of 600 stars. Is the game better? Nope. Have they fixed any bugs? Possibly but the game still chugs and the graphics dies after a while leaving splattered images and unreadable text. Why do my fleets evade towards the enemy? Suicidal from the emptiness of a bland game, a long drawn out boredom fest with no challenge. Ship design has improved, but really, 4 ship sizes and a tiny handful of patterns which vary only the types of weapon arrangements and you will end up with all techs as there are so few of them. Anad apart from some minor tinkering with economics, no real experiential differences worth noting."
,Recommended,281990,29480817,Posted: 25 January,all,Varaosa,"ENG:Im not usual play much strategy games but, when I find good one, i really recommend this one for sure.This is aboslute the best Paradox product ever and the game, which im played! Even so far, this is the best space strategy game what im played!One very big reason why I recommend the game is the game's modding support. The only thing of which i can mention the downside is the game's high difficulty level. But if it is not the level of difficulty of the game, so it's an unfair game, the game balance.Within moments of the game opponents or AI evolves the technology level so quickly that, the player can not keep up with it any more and the player loses the battle because of this due to the lack of technology, not even the easiest difficulty level of the game level. (Normal difficulty level because, easy difficulty level does not exist.)Nonetheless, the game has a good user interface and the game is easy to learn.High recommendation! C:FIN:Minä en yleensä paljoa pelaile strategia pelejä mutta, kun sellaisen lyödän niin, kyllä minä suosittelen ja ilmaisen tämän.Tämän on ehdottomasti paras Paradox tuote ja peli ikinä, jota olen pelannut! Sekä myös jopa paras avaruus strategia peli jota itse pelannut tähän asti!Yksi erittäin suuri syy miksi suosittelen peliä on pelin modaus tuki. Ainut asia josta voin huonona puolena mainita on pelin korkea vaikeustaso. Mutta jos se ei ole pelin vaikeustaso niin se on pelin epäreilu peli tasapaino.Muutamassa hetkessä pelin vastustajat tai tekoäly kehittyy teknologia tasolla niin, nopeasti että, pelaaja ei pysy enään sen mukana ja pelaaja häviää taistelut tämän vuoksi puutteellisen teknologian vuoksi,ei edes pelin helpoimmalla vaikeustasolla tasolla. (Normaali vaikeustaso, koska helppoa vaikeustasoa ei ole.)Kaikesta huolimatta pelissä on hyvä käyttöliittymä ja pelin on helppo oppia.Korkeat suositteluni! :3"
76561197971245216,Not Recommended,281990,35126923,Posted: 22 September,all,Isterio,"The game works and I do not encounter any bugs. I have tried to play this game many times, but it infuriates me every time. Here is what happened to me in different sessions:- There are practically no minerals in my system and the (few!) surveied ones around me are TOTALLY empty. There are dense clusters of star systems further away and when I want to build an outpost there, it already belongs to some other empire (starting conditions)...- I develop my empire nicely, I encounter some ancient remenant species, they declare war on me about 5 years later and send 85.5k fleets against my 200 fleet.- Most of the time however I build a gigantic empire and make a ton of minerals and any other resources, my research is very advanced and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little empire starts colonizing the planets at my borders and steals tons of space from me. So I declare war and guess what. Even though they are much smaller, their fleets are the same size as mine and of course they have the weapons and defense systems that counter mine perfectly. They destroy me! Where do they get the resources from? Where?! And this happens EVERY TIME I play for a longer period of time.The combat system can also be very annoying, when enemy fleets keep hopping systems in order to avoid my fleets.To me this game is broken. I don't know how other players can find enjoyment. Yes, the early and mid stage of the game may be interesting. That's why I kept playing it. But as soon, as it gets crowded and it's time for war, the AI cheating is unbearable. So I can't recommend this game. Go and play Endless Space 2. I enjoy that one much more. There I can actually successfully finish a session."
76561197999414576,Recommended,281990,23210382,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Custombark,"Overall great game, comes with issues...but worth the buyPerformance issues in end gameEncountered minor bugsGames take a large time investmentUI improments are needed and on the way  with a patchShuffled though end game tech a dozen times before being offered my species least habital planet colozination techI do like random tech research, you shouldn't be able to plan for something advanced when its fundamental concepts don't exist yet."
76561198038341569,Not Recommended,281990,22922743,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Juan de Fuca,"Simply put, Stellar is dull. Empty. It has promise -- the promise that Paradox will fill out the game with a series of $5-$15 DLC -- but as is, the game is little more than a shell. You start out alright, exploring, investigating, developing. Then... blob? Don't blob? Whatever you do, it's boring. With no diplomacy, not politics, no internal storylines, Stellaris as is, is just a bore."
76561198053932056,Not Recommended,281990,25538859,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,abella.eduardo,"Game is advertised as a grand strategy but it gets old very quickly. Id say wait till the price drops to at least 20 before buying, not worth the full price imo"
76561198273363040,Recommended,281990,25393230,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,pivkaaj,"Stellaris - I can't recommend this game enough! The soundtrack is fantastic, the gameplay is absorbing and fun, and it honestly feels like you're exploring the frontiers of space - and then you find you're neighbours with a load of space jehovahs witnesses."
,Recommended,281990,22949629,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Batai,"I've played 44+ hours in the 3 days since it came out.From what I can tell, it only needs:- Some UI usability tweaks for managing large numbers of fleets and planets- A healthy dose of performance improvements- A few minor bug fixes (missing strings, missing image assets, etc.)Overall: 9.5/10Would rule the galaxy again!"
76561198006782179,Not Recommended,281990,23109450,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Santana (Mnemonic),The game is incomplete.Diplomacy is a joke.The late game is boring.The Sectors AI is Broke.The Victory Conditions are really stupid. You can only win if you conquer everyone.Paradox simply sold an unfinished game.
76561198098546049,Not Recommended,281990,32674668,Posted: 23 June,all,SGz_Eliminated,"Raising prices for the summer sale is disgusting marketing and Paradox employee's should be ashamed. Content that is quite rightly required to make this game more flushed out shouldn't get more expensive, that's never how the market has worked. Games and DLC are supposed to get cheaper over time not more expensive. But because Paradox know more pepople would be coming to buy because of the sale they've put the prices up.To make matter worse the CEO then has the audacity to make a post about reverting these changes.... but that won't be until after the summer sale is over. Meaning they've litterally just racked prices for the summer sale and then they'll return to normal afterwards. Disgusting."
76561198052442569,Recommended,281990,34191941,Posted: 12 August,all,FlameJac,This game is my favorite strategy game and i enjoy playing it alot. I would recommend playing it. It's easy to play and it is easy to train.10/10 IGN would destroy galaxy againPS : You can play as a racist penguin that wants to destroy everything10/10 would be racist penguin again
76561198050607099,Not Recommended,281990,34006155,Posted: 3 August,all,Makeyejr,"Diplomacy's underdeveloped, war's boring, and trading is weak, so there's not much fun to be had, really. Crazy overpriced, as well."
76561198067900432,Not Recommended,281990,30583368,Posted: 17 March,all,librgeek,"After playing this game for 60 hours, I have to warn you off. As with many off the negative reviews, I agree that the ealy game is fun, but it becomes problematic later on. I've played many Paradox games, and while they make the politics look similar to EU4, the options for negotiating peace aren't as workable. What's more, I've entered into wars where a bunch of races will jump on you depite you having a better relationship with them than the defender does. And the Federation Associtaion does lilttle to no good, since they won't help you out in a war you join to help them. Don't waste your time or money."
76561198008466188,Recommended,281990,23159735,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Matt Chat,"I think this game is a nice mashup of turn-based (Gal Civ) and real-time (Sins) 4x space strategy. It holds up well as a representative of that genre in terms graphics and interface, but I'm guessing you're more interested in what sets it apart from the rest of the pack--for better or worse.For Better:1. The randomized tech tree system is an interesting twist on the usual tech tree. You don't know when you'll see a particular option again, so you really have to weigh each decision. There are occasional ""rare"" cards that show up, too, which are often related to anomolies you've discovered and researched with your science ships. I think all of this is well done.2. You can assign leaders to command fleets, govern planets or sectors, man science ships or research teams, and lead armies. All of these leaders have their own traits and level up with experience. It literally puts a face on aspects that other games leave rather abstract or generic.3. The ship designer lets you customize your ships if you feel like it. It's not as flexible as the designers in similar games, but it's better than nothing. However, I found it more convenient to just let the AI automatically upgrade my ships as new techs became available. In other words, it turned out not to be very useful (to me), but I still appreciate having the option.4. The music is particularly good. Even after 60 hours of play, I never felt the desire to turn it off or listen to something else instead. Remarkable, really.For Worse:1. The developer obviously isn't a fan of micromanaging. Fine, but instead of allowing you to assign sectors or planets to AI, you're forced to. It's my game; I should be allowed to play it how I want, not how a designer thinks I should.2. Upgrading your fleets take so long that you're better off just destroying or disbanding them and making new ones instead. This isn't realistic and feels wrong.3. It's irritating during an intense battle to have to keep pausing the game to give new orders to a science vessel, construction ship, research team, or hire a new leader after one passes away. It'd be nice if you could somehow supress time so that you could focus on a battle rather than be constantly distracted with this stuff. It'd be nice if you could set your science and construction ships to automatically survey and build stations, respectively. While the system will let you queue up actions, this doesn't work if you don't currently have the resource (minerals, mostly) available. I'd rather it let me queue up anyway, and just perform the action if and when the resource becomes available.In balance, though, I think the pros outweigh the cons, particularly if you're burned out on the classics of this genre. Half the fun (to me, at least) of these games is learning the ropes, and this one is sufficiently different to stay engaging for quite awhile.Following is my Matt Chat review of it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh1gJ1zribo"
76561197966799301,Not Recommended,281990,32430952,Posted: 15 June,all,Deathcoy,"ALL POTENTIAL BUYERS, READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING!!!!Game is good, i've got a favourable review on Stellaris but swapped it out for a negative.Why? Heres the full story, please read it till the end.Recent price increase for Paradox games across the board killed it, i kid you not its a huge jump and it affects many countries outside of the US.They are no longer going with regional pricing used by many other game developers/publishers. In fact this pricing format is only exclusively used by triple A game companies like EA, Ubi and the likes.Paradox self-declared themselves as a triple A game dev with friggin indie or mid-tier titles self-proclaimed as AAA games. Though that said, a lot of these triple A publishers/devs are the cancer of gaming(EA) so i guess Paradox pulling this scam is akin to an initiation ritual to join the notorious group.Even their older games from 5-7 years ago are selling at AAA pricing, no joke.Hell, there are even triple A giants like SEGA/CA that still use regional pricing and are consumer friendly!!!DLCs now cost the same as base game(before price hike). Absolutely not worth the price for the content you get, wheres the full voice overs you see in AAA games? You're literally paying AAA pricing for a non-AAA game.Moreover they pulled this stunt WITHOUT any official announcement, all sneaky, during a SALE. That just sealed the deal. Its pretty obvious what they're trying to achieve here, targetting gullible gamers and customers. Furthermore they are locking down on reviews that mentioned the STEALTHY PRICE HIKE.ALL POTENTIAL BUYERS, READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING!!!!"
76561198108783311,Not Recommended,281990,28417746,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,the_midnight_cowboy,"I gave this game a chance because it had some nice features, but ultimately its negatives are just too much for me to enjoy it. You might find your style of 4x space game play is different than mine, I am a control freak.Positives- Has RPG style leadership control or scientists, military and system leaders.A different system of research with no fixed pyramid but a random option of which projects you can do.Nice diplomacy system, lots of options and you can build trust over time.Graphics are fine, not the best but it is pleasant to the eyeBig Negatives-  Planet control system.  You have a very small limit of what you can control, and must set up AI controlledsections of your empire. For control freaks like me, this absolutely goes against what 4x games are about.The combat system is archaic, you have virtually no control over the battles.  Automatic systems are notthe worst ever, but with most space 4x games having an option to have some control, this game leavescontrol freaks flustered.The diplomatic system of war is completely worthless.  Basically war is a no lose option if you're biggerthan your enemy and you attack them.  You get what you want or worst case you get nothing, but youdon't lose anything but some fleet.  If you have the AI declare war on you it's a no win situation, so justreload to your last save game and then declare war on them because as soon as you go to invade theirplanets in retaliation, the war ends and ""you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!"""
76561198006851210,Not Recommended,281990,22949281,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,domwh,"Long time Paradox fan but this new entrant does not (in my opinion) match up to the hype.There is a lot of new and shiny to grab the attention initially, but it is all very shallow.1. Combat:  This is just a ""bigger number wins"" with very little player input.2. Diplomacy is basically non-existent. As AI is notoriously difficult to programme well in a fluid negotiating system Paradox have gone for the easier route of ""The only deal the AI is going to agree to is massively one-sided in their favour"". Irrespective of supposed species/cultural preferences. This means they can avoid the AI making stupid deals by forcing the payer to make them instead.3. Planet development/ Empire Development: Build stuff, research new stuff, build that. Very little so far to make each planet feel unique after the intial clearance/settlement. Some minor balancing of resource generation.....4. War/Conquest: There seem to be a lot of artificial barriers to carrying out a war of conquest. You can only capture X number of planets before the war finishes, no war after that for Z years with same faction, integration very slow etc etc. Some of these may be realistic but I have the terrible suspicion that they were put there to prevent a good player (not me) from steamrolling and winning too quickly.All in all I found myself too often playing on ""Fast"" or ""Fastest"" waiting for the next bit of research, planet development.Conclusion: Shallow 4x light that is disappointing given its creators. However your enjoyment may differ and hopefully patches will add some depth!"
76561198001427073,Not Recommended,281990,32697365,Posted: 23 June,all,Iyun,"can't trust a company that jacks up prices just before a sale. What is this, a department store?"
76561197970401813,Not Recommended,281990,24711496,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jon Flatul,"I'm fairly disappointed. And now, as it seems, the DLC-frenzy begins."
76561198060916579,Not Recommended,281990,24034513,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,w.engler,"Unlike other games in this genre, Paradox has created an inflexible game that as you progress increasingly becomes more and more boring due to limitations they built into the game on purpose.  What limitations?  (1) The larger you get the more your tech advances cost, and if you get ahead tech wise your tech costs go up again.  This effectively keeps most players within a narrow band tech wise, as Paradox hated the whole idea of people trying to race up tech trees to gain advantages.  You can't do that here.  (2) The game always has to be played with some type of advanced tech alien in the game (fallen empires).  And these empires have ships so in advance of you that you have no hope of beating them until very late in a game.  Plus if you settle to close to them they get upset and attack, forcing you to destroy the settlement + one or two other worlds as punishment.  SO while you can't race up the tree, you have an enemy you have to avoid in order to survive.  (3) Limited world control.  Oh so sorry, you can only directly control 5 (or a few more with tech advances) worlds at a time.  The rest have to be assigned to sectors and controlled by the (dumb AI) computer.  And just to force you to keep to that mechanic, it will cost you precious admin points to remove a world from a sector (so no moveing worlds in and unless you cheat and give yourself admin to make up for this stupidity).  (4) No way to break up alien alliances.  Once they form they are more solid than diamonds.  All you can do is get in your own alliance and both sides can stare at each other daring one to cross the border.  Hence mid game and later becomes massive wars where you are depending on your computer allies for any success .. and if they screw up, you are so screwed.  (5) Late Game boredom.  And this is the reason you see so few games of Stellaris being posted on the net .. people have quickly tired of the game.  If you want to win a domination victory, you usually have to go to war alliance to alliance, and target only a few planets each war.  If you try for more, since they can jump around in space, you usually end up in a trading game of you taking planets while their fleets take your planets and neither side advances war wise.  So the game bogs down into go to war, take a couple planets, end war, get planets out of resistance, go to war again .. over and over and over while you try to advance on the domination victory mark.I could keep going on and on with all the issues and errors in this game.  it's one of the worst I've purchased and I'd return it for a refund if I could."
76561198021199135,Not Recommended,281990,23197191,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Warg42,"One of the best 4x games I have ever played.. Conceptually.Unfortunatly Mid-Late game performance issues and numerous bugs make it almost unplayable.It was released far too early and I can't reccomend purchasing it unless the major flaws are fixed.Since I first posted this review, performance has not improved much at all. The larger your fleet the more lag occurs until I can't even finish a game where I have taken over the whole galaxy.As others have said, this is the framework of what might one day be a good game. Before this purchase I was unaware of Paradox DLC policies and have since become seriously disapointed with what they expect players to pay for.At this point I regret this purchase and I'm kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it took 90 hours of playing before I realized how terrible the whole thing is. It's front loaded with content to hide how shallow and broken it all is.I will not be buying another Paradox game, from what I've seen their DLCs for thier other games are even worse.."
,Not Recommended,281990,24712940,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NemoPunk,"This game is a empty shell designed to be stuffed with tons of DLC, this cash grab method is also known as the Paradox's business model. This isn't worth buying. (Just look at the prices of Crusader Kings 2 and Europa Universalis 4.)"
76561198007341077,Recommended,281990,22898232,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Maty743,So Adictive! I was just going to create my empire and have an early night. 5 hours later . . .
76561198011975748,Recommended,281990,22933926,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Thunderbird,">play a race of military religious xenophobic avians>encounter a race of relgious pacifist insect people>ignore them for the time being, continue exploring>discover an ancient wreck, get a quest to explore an ancient outpost>it's within the insect-people's borders>deus vult>demand access to their borders>""we do not deal with blasphemous barbarians"">THOSE XENOS HERETICS SHALL NOT STAND IN OUR WAY>declare war>decimate their fleet, begin bombarding their planet while preparing for planetfall>they immidiately surrender>they want to stay independent, become my vassal>i don't think so, insect>assimilate them into my empire>they're unhappy and don't want to work>enslave them>they're lucky their planet is uninhabitable to my people, otherwise i would've purged them to make lebensraum for god's chosen>convert every available square inch of the planet into a mine, force them to work there>truly, we are doing god's work>go investigate the ancient outpost>nothing of value was found there10/10 would quest again"
76561198007765941,Recommended,281990,22903594,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,TMack,"I began the game using a custom made civilization of my own design, the United Sicaren Compact. I was able to choose a variety of factors that helped mould my would be space empire: my people's ethics, the style of government, what kind of world they inhabited, and so on and so forth.Soon I was happy with the empire I had created and began my game in a galaxy of 600 stars, one empire among many all set on galactic domination. As a fanatically militaristic society, the United Sicaren Compact immediately set out to exploiting the resources of my home system and the stars surrounding it. As my burgeoning fleet grew ever larger, I came into contact with another empire very much like my own, the Bloc of Garan'Ferpi. Our relationship did not start off well and we spent several years hurling insults at each other across the vastness of space. However, my fleets were becoming larger, my armies more deadly, and so I decided to throw more than insults at the aliens.My conquest of the Galan'Ferpi was swift, and I ground them beneath my heel, offering them a chance to be my vassal or die. They chose subservience. With my newly acquired, and extremely discontent, servant nation, I set my sights on another empire, the Haahn Cartel. These birdmen were nothing but traders and diplomats. Their fleets were nothing compared to my own or that of my vassal. The Haahn also became my slaves.So encouraged by my massive successes, I chased war after war throughout the galaxy. The United Sicaren Compact was a force unstoppable by the rest of the galaxy's empires! Nation after nation fell to my fleet and the number of my vassals grew swiftly!My ego became engorged by my successes, and soon I no longer scouted my potential prey before declaring war and descending upon them. I came upon another empire, the Usanace Forerunners. To me, they were another empire I assumed would fall easily considering they only had two systems colonized. My fleets in position, I declared war and summoned my vassals to my side. However, I was not prepared for what awaited me. As soon as the declaration was sent warning sirens blared at me of danger. Somehow my own systems were already under attack, despite their being half the galaxy away! As my own fleet materialized in the Usanace Forerunner's system, I saw that I was doomed. Their fleets were far more numerous than mine and their ships vastly more powerful. At my empire's capital, a massive fleet had appeared as though they had always been there and laid waste to my space stations and planetary fortifications.My fleet was lost in seconds, my planets' infrastructure destroyed with nary a thought. The Usanace Forerunners had crushed me like the impudent whelp I was. They demanded my surrender, which I was forced to accept considering my situation. However, they were not done with me. As soon as the leader of the United Sicaren Compact, my own avatar, signed the surrender, he was viciously assassinated by the very same people who had forced him to sign it.My fleets gone and my empire in shambles, I tried to rebuild what I had lost. However, within a year my vassals began to rise up against me, one after another, as they fought for independence. I had no chance and I was crushed beneath the weight of my own hubris.This was just my first playthrough of Stellaris. I await eagerly the story that will unfold in my next playthrough!"
,Recommended,281990,22891627,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Trist,Amazing
76561198009311495,Recommended,281990,22919345,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Impyrium,"Very polished. It's a Paradox game, you can be assured of that. And you know what, I'm going to reccommend this game because there's sadly not a whole lot of polished space strategy games out there, and this one is certainly worth taking a peek at.HOWEVER, and I suggest you read this... (EDIT: Added a list of things below if you're into reading ;)The game would have you believe this is a very indepth space strategy game about cultivating an alien civilization. And... sure, it is. But it feels less like a grand strategy and more like a somewhat shallow 4X game.The biggest issue at this point is simply that the only way to 'play' or 'win' the game right now is the expand and or conquer. Literally- those are the only winning conditions.Which wouldn't be an issue, but military conquest and alliance making is literally the entire mid to end game. The game is surprisingly shallow once you hit that stage, and don't expect to build a race focused on amassing wealth via complex trade like the Ferengi, or silently striking with espionage like the Romulans... there just aren't any mechanics for it. You're either making a race that likes to build alliances, or a race that likes to conquer people.But I'm still reccomending the game, because it's still a solid game. And it's a great CORE game, and I can guarantee you Paradox will flood you with DLCs adding new mechanics into the game to really bring it to life, and allow you to play it as you want._________________________________________________________________________WHAT NEEDS FIXING (will update):- Improved AI, so it can better control its fleets especially during war-time.- Improved ally AI, as right now allies do not think independently and instead simply follow your largest fleet about. AI also needs to consider other members of the alliance when suggesting a war, which currently it doesn't.- Various bugs need a fix'n.WHAT THE GAME NEEDS:- Trade system. Setting up physical trade routes, consdering various goods made by your own empire and xeno cultures, PIRACY and space pirates, that sort of stuff. Indepth economy.- Improved diplomacy options, especially in conversing and suggesting things to allies. Things like ""attack X planet"" or ""follow X fleet"".- World generation options. Need more galaxy shapes, an advanced start option, and reaaally need to be able to turn off biased world generation (if you're playing an ocean planet specieis, a good three to four systems around you will always be full of ocean planets).- More victory conditions relating to something other than conquering or intergrating other races.WHAT THE GAME COULD DO WITH (maybe DLC?):- Espionage! Cloaking technology! Romulans, baby!- Hell, even religion would have a place due to the fanatical space races in the game.- Scouting ships, physical envoys, more ship roles.- Possibilities are endless."
76561198047110900,Not Recommended,281990,33087677,Posted: 1 July,all,Victor de Noir,"This game has great potential but it falls short in so many categories, that I can’t recommend it right now. The main reasons for this are:-the UI is really bad for the management of a large empire-the gameplay is dry (there is not a lot going on except in the early game)-the way upkeep and ship cost scale makes the weakest unit in the game the strongest (Google ""naked corvette"" for more information), which makes war technology mostly useless-building ships is a chore (especially late game, as you need to click a thousand times, there is no auto-build).-you need to research auto-exploration (it takes a long time to research this, I had games where I had a conquest victory before even doing so) and there is no auto-construction (and trust me you will waste a lot of time on these).Conclusion: The game is not very user friendly and a lot of aspects in the game are more work than play."
,Recommended,281990,26152477,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Chauzuvoy,"A solid hybrid between the magic of Crusader Kings and the magic of Master of OrionStellaris is not Crusader Kings 2 in space. Nor is it a normal 4X game. Like a classic 4x game, you start off with one planet and a small fleet and gradually expand and build up to become an enormous galaxy-spanning empire (assuming you can crush or convert the others who are trying to do the same). But on top of that, Paradox adds some really clever elements that make that journey feel less like a really complex board game and more like you're watching the scope of galactic history unfold. In the time I've played, I've had dozens of little emergent stories play out, from small things like the science officer who became an addict and died investigating a derelict solar sailer to the time I accidentally let all my neighbors form a federation to hold off my expansion, and how I pushed through and conquered them regardless. There's enough depth and reactivity that deciding how to expand or what technologies to research or how to divide your empire into sectors feels like a roleplaying decision as much as a mechanical one. To be sure, the fact that those decisions are divorced from the familial relationships and arcane rules of medieval succession seems to prevent the game from being quite as good as a strategic role-playing story generator as Crusader Kings II. Again, this is not Crusader Kings II in space. But it does have more than enough Paradox magic to make it the most interesting and replayable 4X game I've ever seen."
,Not Recommended,281990,32529425,Posted: 18 June,all,Konstaili,Paradox decided to  ♥♥♥♥ (milk) all players in all regions.Great increase +30+50+100% for all regions around the globe.Dont buy games from Paradox at any cost until the price back to normal again!#Let♥♥♥♥eParadoxGamePriceNormalAgain
76561198007044399,Recommended,281990,30985236,Posted: 6 April,all,TheCrazyHoneyBadger,"One of the best grand strategy games I have ever played. The new Utopia updated added so much to governments, factions, and customization. The music in this game is also amazing!"
,Not Recommended,281990,32700071,Posted: 23 June,all,MGolovatov,"I have no complains about the game itself, but I still gave negative feedback because of two things:1)	Paradox pricing policy. In my country prices raised more than 50% or even doubled. When price with discount is the same or even bigger than it was before makes summer sale sound like a sick joke.2)	DLC policy. I understand when DLC brings something new or unique, but when you have to pay for game essentials sounds at least strange. What will we have next? DLC to change screen resolution or DLC to change key bindings?"
,Not Recommended,281990,32697372,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr. Big & Tall,"Ah, it has so much potential, but I'm not sure who would I be able to recommend the game to.Some of the main game mechanics are broken and make the game hard to swallow whIle some other ones are just boring or don't make any sense. I still play the game because I am a seasoned Grand Strategy and RTS guy, but I'm not sure I could actually recommend it.The DLC business is a shameless money grab.Come on Paradox, we expected so much more."
76561198028390449,Recommended,281990,22896588,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,NEETsekatze,Stellaris:a.k.a. When you just try to make a solid grand strategy in space and accidently kill Masters of Orion. lmaoThis Game is going places!-HIGHLY RECOMMENDED-
,Recommended,281990,23055089,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TMFaisal,"Are you ready to study a video-game abroad ?Then buy this one and seek a solo system to start your education there until another *alien* student face you to become an ally or and a rivalseriously, Stellaris is a great game that will take a lot of time from your life once you understand how to play it.I really LOVED the nation creator in this game as you can be a Human, Cat <3 , or Fungus creature or a lot of things.And you can explore the universe and make researches of planets and solo systems, and look for a habitable planet for your specie to live on.I can't spoil everything here because it's fun to explore a game, so if you like playing strategy-type of games you should try it."
,Recommended,281990,24269229,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aquila13,"Since Paradox Dev. Studio released the latest update(Heinlein, 1.3), I decided to revise my review.Most of previous issues are now addressed.- Fixed game-breaking bugs.- Mid-Endgame is even more enjoyable by adding awaken fallen empires.- Visual enhancement also gives you immersion.- More pre-gameplay options are available.By their release of Heinlein patch, Stellaris got closer to perfection.This is the space 4X game I've waited for a long time.Developers listened to us, and they managed to make this game almost flawless.The modding community is awesome, too.If you like Grand-strategy genre and space exploration, I definitely recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,281990,30846822,Posted: 30 March,all,Ecletus,"Want to start the Galactic Federation and bring the galaxy into a new era of peace and prosperity? Play this game.Want to bend all other species to your will under your grand galactic plan? Play this game.Want to clear the galaxy of all of the Xeno filth that plagues the galaxy, leaving only your pure, clean race? (If you get the Utopia DLC you can have your race eat the other species of the galaxy) Play this game.Want all of your hard work of Empire building to be undone by the sudden invasion of energy beings from another dimension? Play this game.Want to start the next robot uprising? Play this game.In all seriousness though, this is a great addition to the 4X strategy genre of games. There are multiple different racial builds to suit many playstyles such as the unstoppable tide of the endless swarms of babymakers colonizing every habitable planet within sight, or the hyper xenophobic militaristic people who will not rest until the galaxy is free from the plague that is foreigners (BUILD THAT WALL), or the diplomatic alienlovers who want to bring the galaxy into a peaceful cooperation, but happened to spawn neighboring that before mentioned hyper xenophobic empire and so end up in an endless cycle of war that allows you to swoop in mop up both empires relatively easily, or the enslaving militarists who really love aliens, but you know, greater good and all that so they are going to have to mine for the rest of eternity.Things the game does well:1) War Goals: before you declare (or shortly after war is declared on you) you pick what goals you are after in the war. These goals each have a percentage called its war score. this war score builds up over the course of the war, either negatively or positively based on how well you are doing in the war. During peace negotiation you can then demand anything that you had previously declared as a war goal. if you manage to get your warscore to 100%, then you can force an unconditional surrender which gives you everything you declared as a war goal. This system allows you to invite other empires at the start of the war and allocate some war spoils to them as a reward for their participation in the war. It also prevents such wars in other 4X games that end with a complete conquest of another empire quickly.2) Ability to customize your own empire. Don't like any of the default empires? Make your own. I did and I conquered the Galaxy under the rule of High Empress Vasserian a bring a new order and prosperity to the Galaxy.3) Late game events to spice things up. There is a chance to trigger a crisis event later in the game that can add new tech and change borders if left unchecked for a while.4) Giant Lasers.5) Space Hitler.6) The total number of empires is never static. It can always change either increasing or decreasing. You can liberate planets of an empire through war and create a new empire of those planets with your government type, so you can basically gain a toady if you're close enough to them. In addition there are a number pre-Space Travel planets strewn about the galaxy that will develop over time and some may enter the galactic stage or some may October 23, 2077 themselves into a nuclear wasteland.7) You can grant new settlers 40 acres and a robot to help work the mines.8) Mods. You can mod this game to be Star Wars, or mod it to be Mass Effect, or Star Trek. You can mod it to change some features or rebalance some features, like I did not like the number of genetic modification points you can get in the default, so I added a mod to let me get more through research.9) The AI reacts to things you do and how you interact with them. If you are buddy-buddy with an empire, help them out with research, help them in war when they ask, they'll be cool toward you. If your empire constantly conquers planets neighboring you or enslaves conquered aliens, certain empires may see you either negatively or they won't really care. If another empire starts getting very large and very powerful, they may start to build up alliances to try and combat or at least deter them or you.10) Random anomalies and events, some good, some bad. Some super helpful, some super destructive.11) Can reverse engineer enemy tech if you can destroy their ships. You can even skip some prerequisite techs to get it.The game has many weaknesses though:1) There are sometimes long periods of time where not much really happens.2) Losing an entire fleet that you can't quickly replace basically means that empire has lost the entire game.3) Federations are super weak and not worth the effort it takes to create one outside of multiplayer where everyone is on the page.4) There comes a point when technological development essentially ceases.5) AI is not good at responding to the late game crises. Often they will send a myriad of vastly underpowered fleets when they require a single large fleet to deal with the threat effectively.6) Only 3 victory types: Conquest, Domination, and Federation and they are super tedious to complete.7) Can not join a war in progress, you have to declare a new war with new war goals that you have no idea if they overlap with the other war's goals. You can not look at another war to see what either side is trying to get out of it.8) No espionage. Closest thing you can do is send a ship into enemy territory (assuming their borders are not closed to you) and literally looking to see what their ships have. In order to see how you compare technologically, you have to do some roundabout ways. An espionage system would really help this game.9) No trade routes between empires. Trade system is a joke and not really worth it. Most strategic resources are moderately helpful and sometimes are completely worthless.10) Ground combat is woefully underdeveloped. You only really need like 1 single army to take control of a planet that you've been orbiting.TL:DR - It's a really good 4x space strategy game with a lot of interesting takes that also happens to have some fixable flaws."
,Recommended,281990,25820357,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JimmyWolf,"Probably one of the best 4X Strategy games on the market, Stellaris hits that lovely sweet spot where it keeps sucking you in while retaining an air of mystery during games.Species creation is extremely versatile and exceptionally diverse, games are never the same and the different crises that can occur in the late game really spice things up just when traditional 4X games tend to hit a grind. Stellaris still has elements of that, which is one of its failings (the other being diplomacy, a system games struggle with constantly) and you do find yourself just pushing hard with little feeling of satisfaction towards the end.Simpler than Europa Universalis, more complicated than Civilisation or Total Wars campaigns, Stellaris is in a nice space in the 4X arena at the moment and well deserving of your time"
76561198033792493,Not Recommended,281990,24605411,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,mchambers08,"Stellaris lacks something to me, replayability. While indeed you can customise your civilisation to your liking, and each small change can affect your game and how you play, this still leaves a very similar experience. What the likes of EUIV has is that each country is unique and will drastically alter how you play. In Stellaris everyone starts off in nearly the exact same position, and you'll be undertaking nearly the exact same actions each time you play, and the map is bland and has no meaning or history (obviously) but it has no significance outside of resources.I have an honest 70 hours or so, the other 100 was spent on the main menu I believe, and while that can be considered good value for money to many people, considering I have over 600 hours on EUIV and will undoubtedly keep going back to it this leaves Stellaris to my mind a bit lacking. I feel it lacks personality, it's bland. As a side note, inter state diplomacy is annoyingly sparse in options and scope. And the sector management is pitiful, committing an entire sector to either energy credits, minerals or science. Forgive me if this has since been added, but there should be an option to maximise each planets resources within that sector based on what's present. You can respect tile resources but I don't believe that means the AI will prioritise what's there, it may instead turn to those tiles last. And as a result many sectors run out of minerals or credits and you have to continually feed them those resources. And if they build up thousands of spare resources they aren't using and you want them? Tough luck, you can't get your mitts on them.In essence, it gets boring quite quickly (again, quickly for a paradox grand strategy). If you want something akin to CK II, Victoria II or EU IV, this is not it. However if you want something like those games but more accessible, this could be for you. But Stellaris, last I played, was severaly lacking in common sense tools for empire management and any kind of attraction for replaying."
,Not Recommended,281990,23605901,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,L.E.G.I.O.N,"Waste of time and money-The early game is really where most of the real game decisions happen. What I mean by that is when you start It becomes a mad grab to colonize as many planets as you can and what eventually happens is you get surrounded by other nations and that's it. The only way to expand is to war with other nations and cede their planets but the war score only allows you to make limited demands so you would have to constantly have to war with the same nation(the bigger it is the longer it takes) in a cycle of war and peace that makes no sense.-If you take over a planet and they start to rebel( which will happen) the planet will prduce nothhing but unhappiness. If the faction bar gets to high the planet's pops attack your army, become independant again and Instantly get a navy more powerful than yours. This breaks the game and and was the last straw for me.-My other problem( and the more larger one) is that when you get to the late game it stagnates. The Galactic ""Situations"" are pretty much ignored by everone. The only way to stay around to take on other nations(most will be in their own federation)is to get in a federation yourself and go to war with them to take ""some"" of their planets. Their really isn't a way to ""Conquer"" the galaxy(Which is required to win)  unless you want to spend 200+ hours on a single game.-By the way for some reason achievements are only unlocked in ironman modeI wanted to like this game, I was even looking forward to when it came out. In the end I was sorely dissapointed and determined this game is a huge time sink, Wasted time and wasted money"
,Not Recommended,281990,32814327,Posted: 26 June,all,Dadoo,Company greed ruins games.
76561198067720359,Not Recommended,281990,23129375,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ser Jethro Tully,"Stellaris is a game that sadly fails to deliver much beyond its initial promise.The gameplay and mechanics should be familiar to anyone who's played 4X strategy titles. Race design and ship design are extremely fun, even if their practical applications are minimal.However, the game hits several major hangups:1) Gameplay is extremely repetitive. The number of ""anomalies"" (read: subplot drivers) is very limited so the game tends to play the same regardless of how you built your empire. There are no real incentives for playing a pacifist or mercantile empire, and the game mechanics don't really inclue a ""trade"" system beyond the existing resources.2) Diplomacy is pretty much nonfunctional. The system design resembles Total War in many ways, but other empires seem to reject completely reasonable proposals, even outright advantageous ones, while accepting completely ludicrous or exploitative proposals.3) Multiplayer setup is maddening. Every time I try to get our group of four together to game I plan on at least 30 minutes of trying to work around the innumerable bugs and issues. For a game that prides itself on its multiplayer focus (being able to save multiplayer games and resume them later, etc.), this is unacceptable.All in all, Stellaris feels like a letdown. I may have to check back on it in a year or two."
76561198062930115,Recommended,281990,22891231,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"I cant help myself but give this game the thimbs up - and I am going to list the good about it immediately. 2.5 hours in and over 60 more watching youtubers like Arumba, Quill, AngryJoe and of course, Paradox, I do not see much bad about the game apart from a number of bugs, more customization options and the start of the game - someone can get a way more favorable one than the rest. I know I restarted 3 times and 1 of those was WAY better than the other two.So this is what I really liked about the game so far:- I LOVE the initial exploration phase. Sending multiple science and war ships to unlock systems and thoroughly scan them for habitable planets and resources is extremely fun and totally scratches my itch for discovery and going where no man has gone before.- I LOVE how easy it is to get into the game. Granted, I might have had help by watching the youtubers, but I could totally get into the gameplay without any hiccups, unlike Paradox's other Grand Strategies EU4 or CK2, where I was totally overwhelmed, even to the point of leaving them back for a long time.- I LOVE the freedom the game gives you. You can play with a pre-made civilizazion, or make your own the way you feel like, which is what I did. I totally recommend people do that - it is so much fun mixing and matching stuff and testing them out. You can be a warmonger, pacifist, mercantilist, mogul, expansionist, whatnot!- I LOVE how the playthroughs can differ from one another. In my 3 starts, I had 3 totally different experiences, based on resources, events, encounters, galaxy composition, star composition, etc. JUST AWESOME!- I LOVE how everything you do feels IMPORTANT and not even remotely boring.- I LOVE how choices have meaningful continuations - not like Civilization Beyond Earth for example, where everything resulted in similar outcome. Here you can either continue a quest line, stop a quest line, drive it to a conclusion that gives you various rewards, and so on.- I like how you get to customize everything after you start. You can let the game guide your hand or go completely wild with your own ship designs, options, and whatnot.- I like the new research system. Stellaris breaks the mold by allowing you multiple research topics at once, which amounts to crazy amounts of research options, based on anything you find through events, dead alien bodies, destryoned alien ships, and so on.- I like how everything in your empire can level up and improve - your admirals, planetary governors, scientists, everything but the little settlers levels up and gets more and more useful as the game goes on.- I like how you are NOT put into a level playing field. Every race has it forte's, and some have been in space way longer than you, which makes them way too overpowered. Like Q in Star Trek.- I like how you can just play the game and have fun.- I like how you can easily make friends and enemies.- I like how the game both holds your hand through quests and missions, but at the same time, does not impose itself on you and lets you do it your way.- I like how the tutorial helps you as you go, not with simple tips, pre-made missions, or pre-made scenarios that have nothing to do with a real game.Conclusion: Paradox did it again - they proved themselves as a developer that carefully chooses its games and drives them to perfection. This games does it all for me - it scratches every itch I may have: exploration, development, diversity, diplomacy, variety, engaging play, everything. I expect dumping hundreds of hours into this game, and pray I have the time for that..."
76561198025669474,Not Recommended,281990,23044965,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ClearlySick,"While the early game is very enjoyable, as soon as you have colonized a couple of planets, the game gets tedious fast. Single player games suffer from a terribly inactive AI and closed borders, which means there is very often not much to do. To make things worse, lots of the fun associated with micromanaging planet development is gone as you are forced to hand over control to a sloppy AI in the form of sector governors.Either way, it is very clear that the game in the current state is unfinished and will require many more patches and tweaks to become enjoyable. Having played multiple Paradox titles for many hours, I'm afraid that most of the fixes will come as costly DLC's. ( I am aware that Paradox tends to add a free patch to each DLC release, however, the new gameplay features are almost always exclusive for the DLC, which will definitely be needed here)Not worth the hefty price tag."
,Not Recommended,281990,22958776,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,KakeMonster,"TLDR: Fleet combat system ruins the fun and several aspects of the game.At writing the 13.4 hours represent my second game, my first game (~6 hours) was at a friends, and I loved it.The research/tech system is one that mostMaster of Orionfans will like, the game has 3 research/tech categories. You will be presented a choice in all categories [number of options varies]. When you've completed a research the choices in that category get randomized, meaning you get to pick only between a few of the available research topics. It works well, for making new games different. However there is a problem:Combat currently consists of your fleets getting ""locked"" in combat, and you are no longer able to control the ships. So for my second game, when I had focused on long range, large, fast moving ships [no armor and/or shield]. I got completely destroyed, even though I had 185% the range and 130% engine speed.So if you don't mind that there is a [definitive] right way to play this game, and that you might get the wrong research options repeatedly: you'll have a great time.I think that for the first time they really messed up, I mean EU4 wasn't great on release, but it wasn't this much of a mess."
,Recommended,281990,23126556,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ComradeWinston,"A pretty good Paradox 4x strategy game, simpler than EU4. You can create pretty much anything from a race of run-of-the-mill humans to space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ From hippie-dippy xenophile democracies, to hive mind hegemonic empires that expunge all xenos in their path. Ships can be heavily customized and from the very start, you choose which type of FTL and weapons you start with among a few types. Upon the surface of planets and in orbit, you can spread your dominion and destroy or enslave all those in your wake. It is by all accounts a good all-around space 4x, there are however issues.Planetary armies are nigh irrelevant, larger ships take forever to build, and wars are consequently won after one side has had most of their fleet destroyed. In most other Paradox 4x games, there's often the possibility to rise from the ashes and put up another round or more of force against your enemy once you've lost but not here. Exceptionally weak stations in orbit of a planet are the only source of ship construction and can easily all be destroyed before you get more than a destroyer or two out. Without the ability to build a navy from a planetary surface or use ground-to-orbit weaponry, victory is pretty much completely based on fleet strength.In time I'm sure patches and expansions will smooth out combat issues but for now, its a good concept that pretty much makes anything but genocidal hegemonic empires simply incapable of maintaining a serious presence on the galactic stage."
76561198011806848,Not Recommended,281990,23174786,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Aadeptus,"This game is not finished yet, waiting a couple months til they patch it... I am also afraid this is going to be another DLC mandatory game.. :(tried so hard to like it"
,Recommended,281990,33686348,Posted: 20 July,all,f1end_,"Do you feel you have too much free time? Want a game that is like civilization on crack IN SPAAAACE? Well look no further than Stellaris, a game that will have you saying ""just one more month then I'll stop, just one more month, just...one...more...month..."" in no time!  You start off with a measly one planet and small fleet and have the chance to build up your great nation to be the rulers of the galaxy! Will you play as a peace-loving xenophile co-mingling with the other nations? Or will you strive to establish the glorious Fourth Reich; dominating and purging all other species from the galaxy who dare stand in your way? It's your choice! Why wait?! Order NOW!"
76561198318319664,Not Recommended,281990,33275985,Posted: 5 July,all,daniel.elmalhi,"Base Game is empty and cost to mutch, but dont worry they sell you the game for the next 10 years. dlc milking worse then i ever seen"
,Recommended,281990,23048843,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kazumi,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThere's a 50/50 chance you didn't even know this game was coming out, huh?No sir, when it comes down to a Paradox game, it's 100% for sure. Having pre-purchased so many titiles, I can almost guarantee that no other publishers than Paradox have fulfilled all their promises before release. Not Deep Silver, nor even Ubisoft (LOL).Some quick outline of the game after ~35hrs of playing with yet unfinished campaign (yes, the game progress really SLOW!)The game feels unfamiliar at the beginning, but soon you'll grasp the essense of the game if you come from EU4 (aka very Clausewitz-ish)Very huge galaxy. I went with midium size and I cannot guarantee I have explored all it has to offerA lot to do and try early game, which I enjoy the most. Ship designer was initially a blast to meBeautiful BGM, with nice British accent assistantMet the first alien empire! I tried to be nice, but they are too scared. No, we wont send you to the laboratory...The diplomacy was quite simple, kinda reminded me of Civilization-style diplomacy window. No infiltration, no coveting action, no... royal marriage??? I hope the diplomacy can be more detailed in later patches/DLCsThe game gets hard as I expand my empire. I have a great difficulty keeping the balance positive while fulfilling my gorgeous ambitions. Also micromanagement of each planet really reminded me of provincial management in EU4The later it gets, the more similarity of EU4 I can find in this game. You start up weak, you farm, you research, you build navies, you either be aggressive or continue to farm on... until you are the only one in this galaxyGreat MOD support. I've been using a few nowIn fact, I stopped playing DOTA for a few days just because I wanna spend just one more hour in game...Minor imba issues. Minor graphics glitches. Minor issue with the launcher. Few functions broken. Acceptable given the game's just released ~10d ago*Maybe* less replayability in comparision with EU4?In conclusion, the game is pretty stellar at this price. I hope they can polish it further and add more elements to the game (I know they will, through paid DLCs...)"
,Not Recommended,281990,33251054,Posted: 4 July,all,Alexandria,"Price change during steam sale, Paradox thought it's nice but it's not..."
76561198179483907,Not Recommended,281990,26199629,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Richard Babley,"Almost half a year after release(!) and even after the (necessary) complete game and UI overhaul that was the Heinlein patch the game is still unbalanced and feels unfinished, still lacking any interesting mid-game and late-game content - there being literally no relevant victory to go for.. Any game just sort of drifts into boringness at some point and you start over. The only enjoyable part is and was the early to early-mid game, which on it's own is honestly not worth the money. It feels almost insulting that there are already 2 DLCs for additional money out there after delievering such a desaster on realease that still cannot be called a complete game. The only thing holding it together is modding community.Maybe wait another half year and look for some bundled sale - the potential is out there.. somewheretl;dr: Whoever thought that it was a good idea to release paid DLC for a game that isn't finished needs a slap.The end."
76561197974038206,Recommended,281990,29835520,Posted: 10 February,all,Drax,"TLTR: Easily the best and deepest 4X sci-fi ever, with a lot of potential of becoming a good deal better.Stellaris v1.4.1 is not on par with Crusader Kings or Europe Universalis yet, but it has enough deep elements to already rule its pride. There is meaningful racial customization, governmental customization and gameplay mechanics, superb technology-research mechanics, a very interesting universe to play around in and in general enough gameplay mechanics to make the fun last longer than any of its peers.You don't retain full control of your empire. Once it grows to a certain size you must delegate power to AI-governors, just like in other Paradox titles. This is uncomfortable for some players not used to these kind of mechanics, but it's actually good in several ways. First it keeps up the pace of the game, preventing it stagnating into micromanagement-hell. Second it provides depth to the government and faction-mechanics. Third, it provides variety in the empire-management throughout the game. You may not believe it at a glance, but it's actually really good game-design.The game doesen't let you control combat. Like all other Paradox games it focuses on the bigger picture. Combat is conducted by the AI in real-time while you play. It works well when you know the rules for how battles play out. But like everything else in the game, you really need to know what's going on to do anything well. You manipulate the battles by how you design your ships, so you need to teach yourself how to do good ship-design to feel in control of battles. Those who don't tend to dislike this part of Stellaris. Combat currently doesen't look good visually, and has room for functionallity-improvement. Luckily, mods fix some of that already.Diplomacy is good compared to non-Paradox 4X-games. It can get alot better tho, and does have one big glairing fault. It just doesen't give you the tools to peacefully work towards game-victory. That means designing a pacifist and diplomatic race is more of an increased difficulty choise rather than a true playstyle choice. However, beyond a total pacifist gameplay diplomacy works well enough and provide lots of options.Faster-than-light travel is interesting, like Sword of the Stars in that there are different types of FTL with different perks and drawbacks. They can be a little frustrating because FTL is so much faster than in-system sublight speeds that pursuing and catching a fleet that doesen't want to engage you is very hard and often feels impossible. You do get preparation tools that help you do this tho, there are ways to force the enemy to seek an engagement even when they can't win, and they can be tricked into engageing with a weaker fleet while your main fleet chatches up.There are semi-random events both small, big and massive, that break up the routine. There are lot of alien enteties throughout the galaxy that doesen't care about who or what ""rules"", they just live their lives. There are normal alien life that haven't reached the space-age yet, and you can choose how to interact with them. You can help them develop for instance.There is genetic manipulation. There is dangerous researchable technology that can end up dooming the galaxy. There are ancient stagnant empires and races who fancy themselves the true rulers of the galaxy, silently observing the squabbling child-races from their lofty technological peaks. There is marvelous almost game-changeing relics from extinct civilizations. And there are space-pirates and space-locusts.Stellaris will likely see somewhere in between 20 to 80 DLCs throughout its lifespan, accompanied by many more free patches. The game will likely look quite different 2 years from now. That means Stellaris will continue to get better and better over time, but it also means paying for that development if you want to purchase and play this game before it's finally abandoned. It's part of the deal with this game, so only get it if you're ok with that.The modding community is awesome, and they already enhance the game a great deal! Some of the mods are so good that the devs choose to integrate their concepts in the basic game.In all, Stellaris is the best sci-fi 4X by a wide margin. Easy. And I say that having spent 150 hours on a save that ultimately ""failed"" because the game doesen't support the totally pacifist gameplay I was aiming for."
76561198018352183,Recommended,281990,22921233,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Exodus,I have 43 hours played and it came out two days ago. Its okay.
76561198068541987,Recommended,281990,22999595,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,VampireDuckMan,"Brilliant game. Have already sunk a good few hours into this! Has a clean, uncluttered interface, great research options, and some other cool features such as a ship designer. I also realy like the traits system. Shame there aren't any options for espionage, and that the space  combat is a bit rubbish. Hopefully Paradox will fix these issues with patches and DLC in the years to come. This game will only get better with time!"
,Recommended,281990,29793860,Posted: 8 February,all,Kronpas,"A real gem for sci-fi nerds.Full of refs from every sci-fi work ranged from the ever popular WH40k to the hardcore Ringworld, a perfect opportunity to roleplay your CKII on a stellar scale. In fact, please do roleplay it the first times, enjoy the smaller events and how the galaxy revolves around you instead of trying to cheese your way or minmaxing to victory."
76561198012583386,Not Recommended,281990,24707452,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Piisamirotta,"It's the kind of game that you really want to like but eventually becomes a chore to play and ultimately you regret wasting your hours in it. The core concept is solid but it's mired with design flaws, bugs and glitches.If you've played other Paradox grand strategies you'll instantly recognize the lack of tools to easily process data from yours and others' empires and the interface as a whole is just a work in progress.It's a space opera 4x pseudo grand strategy game that fails to present you with the true wastness of space and exploration, the 4x part is a hit-or-miss depending how they decide to balance it further and the grand strategy part is incredibly shallow.It will be a good/decent game one day, but that'll require at least a year in development and DLC that'll eventually cost triple digits (see Europa Universalis IV and Crusader kings II, good games, mostly good DLC, still pricey as ♥♥♥♥)."
76561198013918139,Not Recommended,281990,23198872,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,UnquietEmu,"The game is great and I am having a ton of fun, but I can't say I'd reccomend a game that is plays like a beta. just wait until the game is complete, you will be doing the community a favour."
76561198086865888,Not Recommended,281990,33572994,Posted: 15 July,all,screamforwar,I like this game.I do not like only having half of the game.I will not pay 20-40 more dollars to get the rest of the game.
76561198040539419,Not Recommended,281990,33356716,Posted: 7 July,all,Jekrika,I bought this game on release the space combat was broken and so was some of the diplomacy mechanics.  It was enjoyable.  I came back to see if they had ironed out the problems.  Guess i will never find out because they seem to think i should rebuy the game at full price to play with all the patches.  They call patches DLC.
76561198030488103,Not Recommended,281990,23255348,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ThorbiMorbi,"In its current state, Stellaris is a not what I would consider game that is up to the standards Paradox has set with their games.Why?- Bugs. So many, many, game-breaking, fun-destroying bugs but at least with a promise for fixes. See below.- Lack of content. We know Paradox sells games with a lower entry price and lots and lots of DLC expansions. That’s the way they roll, and mostly, it works. At least, it works for their own niche of grand strategy. For a game that supposedly crosses over into 4X territory, people have come to expect certain things, like a proper diplomacy system, or some kind of espionage. Current midgame is incredibly dull.- Clamping brakes on the player. Let me explain. The sector system is, according to the devs, a brilliant way to reduce all the tedious micromanagement. Only that for those people who like micromanagement, the sectors are just as mandatory as for anybody else. Which means that you can keep 5 (10 if you play specifically for core planets) planets under your control. You are then forced to hand the rest over to a broken, dumb-as-bricks AI, which not only makes your empire weaker, it also leads to said empty midgame, because all the nice colony management and tweaking you could spend your time with is stripped away from you. Personally, I don’t buy the micromanagement explanation, I think it’s to slow down human players in comparison to the AI empires, which use the same, broken, dumb-as-bricks sector AI and are generally not the sharpest knives in the drawer.- Horrible UI. This is perhaps the worst of all, because all others are fixable, and are supposed to be fixed in time, with 2 big patches announced for May and June. But the UI is all form and no function. Pause settings? Nope. Message filter? Nope. Ledger? Useful diplo interface? Nope and nope. Proper event log? What do you think you are playing, a grand strategy game by Paradox? … Oh. Right.About the bugs:Want some examples? Sure:- the ethics systems, central to the game, with factions and what-have-you tied into it, is randomly broken. Divergence is all over the place, sometime your whole population looses an ethic tenet completely before you have even finished surveying your home system (read: in 15 minutes of playtime tops)- quest chains that might give you something to do in the otherwise dull midgame break at random, because you got survey data or star charts about a system you were supposed to look at, or just because… well, because.- the battle system is broken. Period. The smallest ships rule supreme, because nothing else hits them.- did I mention the sector AI being broken? Not only stupid, but simply broken, ignoring the few settings you can give it?Now, the bugs are supposed to be fixed by the end of June, when the second big patch hits.The first is currently in beta, but I have not included it in this review because it is currently a mess of back and forth hotfixing (seriously, hotfix deployment on a Friday? That is asking for trouble).Stellaris is not bad. But it is nowhere as good as it could be.If you think about buying, wait until the end of June for patch Asimov (1.2) to land, and do more research then. Buying now will only make you mad if your standards are anywhere near mine."
,Not Recommended,281990,23237197,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,fuldry,"This a 4X game, pausable real-time.As all 4x game, it's a management game, this one is light on the micro management.Honestly, the start of the game is really fun, the mid game is boring as hell, the endgame crisis quite limited and depends a lot on luck. And once you enter mid-game on a big map, it's becomes awfully tedious to progress.I still recommend Endless Space, it's so far, on the 4x games that are light on the micro management, it's IMO still the best in the space opera genre.Honestly, there are too many things missing, the tech tree is missing a lot of the classical techs that any space op game should give us. You can't invest in getting faster terraforming (one step takes 10 years period), you will not be able to terraform barren or tox planets. You can't destroy planets not suns, you can't build ring worlds, dyson spheres. You can't have a deathstar.The diplomatic options are so small that is becomes totally uninteresting too.The game has a LOT of potential the basics are there, but as always with Paradox the game will become great only after 2+ years and 200€ of DLCs...As I already said, Endless Space."
,Recommended,281990,22923049,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Curus Keel,"Since the morning of May 11, when I got the game, I've put in 9 nearly straight hours in the game, divided up into three campaigns. From xeno loving humans to religious fanatic birds to materialistically democratic and sedentary lizards, the game has it all, in a package that makes just about anyone go ""SUPERAMAZEWOW!""So, remember how Beyond Earth and its companion game Starships were supposed to give you the feeling of colonizing and exploring alien worlds, but ended up being a bland slog of a game instead? Well, you can forget that game exists, because this unquestionably 4x game kicks it to the curb and stands over BE's unconscious corpse. You have a whole galaxy of rich star systems to survey, harvest, colonize, and if anyone else gets in the way, prepare for♥♥♥♥♥kicking by your trusty space squadrons. Or if you're the kisser type, just engage in diplomatic relations. Whatever works. Like Paradox's other grand strategy games, you have different real time speeds in place of turns - all nicely laid out for the desired flow of your choice.While you get a selection of pre-baked leaders and races to work with from the start, you can (and should) go the extra mile and customize your own race. Peace-fanatic lazy birds? Yeah, why not. Technocratic spiders who stopped worrying and loved the hyperdrive? Go nuts. Eternally happy slugs of the spotless mind? Please do. You have a lot of tools to customize your race so that it plays exactly how you want and looks how you like it - even down to mismashing the styles between the races. Hell, by your selection of racial traits and even your FTL travel choice, you could be playing a completely different strategy from one game to the next. Now mod in dragons and it'll be the perfect game.And I must give special attention to the tutorial system. If Paradox's other grand strategy games left your rudderless and confused, then fret no more, just enable full tutorial and the game will give you the rudders to help you steer, but without outright making it feel like a baby game for babies. Logical quests for what you should do next show up in an interface that's easy to access and with instructions that are clear to follow. The approachability of the game is so high that I'd say it's the best introduction to Paradox's grand strategy games, and an easy gateway to their past library of historical games. And yet, there's a depth where everything feels like it has a purpose, where only a specific set of complexities can be focused on at once.You'll get into the flow. You'll try all sorts of different aliens to play as. You'll explore like a champ, and you'll find yourself in emergent stories that normally takes another game the entire length to tell. You'll be pressured with diplomatic decisions soon enough, who to fight, who to ally with, and who to disintegrate into ashes. Soon, you'll see empires long forgotten and long stagnant, just waiting for the new upstarts to take a slice of their pie. This will create stories of all kinds, should you care to write them down. And if this continues, you'll forget to stop until you've been pronounced legally dead.If you could only pick one game of this year to play, then make THIS the one. Should this game ever start to stale, it'll be at just the right time for more content. Keep your summer months busy just by playing this, and you'll realize sleep is for weak people.The $40 may look daunting, but if you can at all afford it, take the plunge, and fall into the wonderful galactic soundtrack. Very highly recommended."
76561198009745265,Recommended,281990,22904023,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ruluzz,Day 1 review of Stellaris: Created race of reptilian xenophobic slavers. Explored neighboring system. Got slaughtered by living cloud of electricity. Spent 10 years building a sizable fleet. Got revenge. Researched the corpse and adapted new technology. Now I shoot lightning and have organic ship plating. Look at me - I am the space cloud now.
,Recommended,281990,22899112,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Yusrin Hadi,"Review Update 5/6/16=========================Ive lost track of time.Ive broken up with my girlfriend.My performance at work has dropped significantlyIm suffering insomnia.Ive lost weight.I constantly have to be reminded to eat.This game is poison.Review Update 21/5/16=========================12 DAYS SINCE LAUNCH.70 HOURS CLOCKED.6 HOURS A DAY.FML.Technical Experience 15/5/16=====================i7 6700, 16GB DDR4, R9 390X, SSDs, 27inch @ 1080pHaving 500 units of fleets on screen drop gfx down so badly. it's still playable in case of set-and-forgethttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=683901385Review Update 15/5/16=========================Ive clocked 43 hours, played 2 single player campaign, played 2 multiplayer games (1 with a close friend againts AI, and 1 with 20 random human players -clocked about 6 hours per mp game)Putting few more hours in this game makes me realize improvements can be made in term of User Interface. Once you have a huge empires with 5 sectors and 100 planets, you find yourself performing repetitive clicking to perform one single thing. I thought the point of having sectors is so that micromanagement are no longer needed whislt you focus on building your fleet.Online experience- in battle, its pretty hard to coordinate with your team - steam chat is a must, the built in chat system sucks so bad- notification and awareness - i dont know if my ally is getting attacked, i dont know where theyre getting attack. if only there was a Ping command (like RA2/LoL)AI is very very dumb and you can exploit that to your advantage.But I still recommend the game. Replayability is a pro. Wait for more DLC and community mods to make this game more interstellar.Gaming Experience=====================Bought the game last night. Played tutorial for 2 hours. Went to bed.Came home after work and had a quick nap. Restart a new game. Clocked 7 hours.I spent the first 6 hours expanding, researching  and met 2 alien life forms. One was nice, and the other one was a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I tried to be nice, but the♥♥♥♥♥♥alien insulted me. Expanded into one of his nearby territory and he declared war on me. The 7th hour, I spent my time building an army, Destroyers and Attack ships.Then I realized its 2am and Ive got work tomorrow.=====================Game Review============================Im not a fan of 4X.  Mainly due to it's steep learning curve and annoying UI. I played HomeWorld, but didnt like it that much. However,  I do love is Resource Management and Base Building games. I came from Cities XL, Sim City, Command and Conquer series, so I was suprised to how easy it was to get into Stellaris.I love the simplicity of tech research, attacking without micromanagement, simple UI.Itsworth it. Ive gifted a copy to my buddy so that we can play together. Hes a big time Homeworld lover.Theres no point for me to say much - all I can say is, GET the game, its a ton of fun."
,Recommended,281990,22916009,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Galaxywalker,"This game is just epic! I have waited a decade for a new Sins of a Solar Empire and now i have this beautiful game! It is a Sins of a Solar Empire, Endless Space mix. After you have spent about 20 mins to get into the game (learn the basics and so on) you will have so much fun. Make your own race, your own empire and rule the galaxy or live in peace with other races!11/10 best game 2016.BUY IT!"
76561198053493491,Recommended,281990,22924207,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,High Five,"I'm going to keep this sweet and simple.Love it. Hands down, love it. The sounds, music, artwork. Everything looks and feels right. Not overly complicated but some matches can be quite epic, lasting days. What seems to be a massive amount of interactions, choices, and dialogue; all boil down to the same type of inputs. (I'm getting at it's really not that complicated of a game to play). Think of this game as kind of a Sins of a Solar Empire meets Civilization, though, actually less complex IMO (once again). Plays like an RTS yet still feels turn based.Price seems about right IMO but with this being Paradox, be ready for some DLC to ask for more money. Making a decently priced game a lot more for what might be so little added. Time and reviews on that topic will tell. (Snowfall for Cities Skylines comes to mind).Things that could make this game even better IMO.-Bug fixes and they are underway. Stuttering issue is fixed. (Thank god).-Even more race appearance. There are just under 100 right now but I want more gosh darn it. The art and little animations add to the great feel of the game. Sure, there will be mods but I want original.-More instances for scientific research and events. There are a ton in game as is but I've run into a few repeats.-Finally, there are ultimately two kinds of victories you can opt for. Would be nice if we could get maybe a scientific victory, although, I guess that would work against fallen empires.Basically it's enjoyable enough that I just want more of every aspect.Cheers!"
,Recommended,281990,22901726,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RockitBootz,"mechanics-wise the game is slow and deliberate. Thematically, its vicious and brutal. Stellaris is the most relaxing and satisfying 4x game experience i've had in years. The first time i've bothered with a ship designer in a decade.Addicting and a lot of fun. AND THAT SOUNDTRACK!!!"
76561198053704551,Recommended,281990,22901747,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hyperphase,"I pre-ordered this game, roughly two weeks before it came out. I was hyped. A good 4x game hadn't come out in a long time.And on release, i was disappointed. But i kept coming back. Slowly, the game consumed me more and more.I learned to love it.Seriously buy this game. Best 4x title of the year."
76561198012655270,Not Recommended,281990,32453443,Posted: 15 June,all,AT,"Nice game, but devs hard work to kill it. Each new patch adds tons of bugs (last one even kill multiplayer) - like devs ignores beta-tests completly."
76561198068086024,Recommended,281990,22890905,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Rikka,Gives you almost perfect control over every aspect of an empire.
,Not Recommended,281990,35319169,Posted: 29 September,all,Scutshakes,"Not really big into 4X games, but it looked pretty interesting and I found it on a good sale, so I decided to give it a shot. I loved it at first. Make your own alien race and government and then explore the stars and expand your empire. You can put in all your favorite aliens from what ever scifi series you like. It's kind of fun to have Klingons on one side of you and the Asari on another. A cool part of exploration is to scan anomalies...the writing for these is great (writing overall, not so much). It makes all the little random events interesting and there were rarely any repeats. It almost felt like I was on Star Trek, listening to the crew explain the situation. Some of these turn into quest chains which is pretty cool..but it seems like you finish all that at the start of the game and nothing happens later, which is a bit of a let-down as anything past the early game bored me to death.Colonization and planet management is not very deep, to my benefit, but to the dismay of some. It's basically a plot-building game. Some plots have base resources they give if worked, sometimes two different kinds. If you put a building on this plot that generates the same resource you get a bonus yield, but if you put a different building on there you lose the bonus. Some buildings have adjacency effects also. Besides base population growth, boosted by your food surplus, you can also migrate new workers or build robot workers to support a growing colony. Simple enough, you may decide ""Okay, I need to focus on getting food and power now, I can replace these later when I have set a solid foundation"", so it's not always set-it-and-forget-it, as I find myself visiting all of my colonies regularly to check and see what changes I need to make. You can set up AI-controlled sectors for your planets to lift some weight off your shoulders. I do this when I've got all the buildings set up and they just need to grow.Communicating with other civilizations is..kind of bland and shallow. As they are static portraits and the writing is kind of generic, they don't really have any personality. It would have been cool if there were some sort of quest chains that allowed civilizations to talk to each other, but I haven't found anything like that. There are the basic things to do like sharing research agreements or allowing tourism or trading resources, and there are a number of modifiers that change their disposition of you. In the end it was a very boring and disappointing aspect of the game, and I spent barely any time actually doing any of these things because it felt like there wasn't really any incentive. I let most trades expire and never bothered talking to anyone again. It's not like Civ where you need to manage your income of luxury and strategic resources to receive city-wide bonuses or keep your armies repaired. Everything just felt weightless.There are some gripes with basic things such as chaining commands or build queues. There's no way to push a build order up, and you can't queue when you haven't enough resources to make the thing. I just say ""oh, I have to wait a month to do that"" but I just forget to do what I wanted. Why not let me queue up everything I want to build? Or even let me CHANGE the queue...if you make a mistake in the order you have to cancel everything and do it all over again. Same for giving destinations for units. Cant go back an order, just have to chart everything out from the beginning.  Not a huge deal but little details like this annoyed me somewhat.So it was pretty relaxing to just explore the stars and get planets I wanted. Early game I couldn't really build up a fleet because I had to send my corvettes out to make sure a system was safe for my scientists, but there are a lot of pirates and random enemy fleets that kill your covettes instantly. I can set my civilian ships to flee, but not my military?? So it took me a while to really build a military up, and as you do this you can customize all of your own ships! Name them what you want, give them a designation, swap out hull modules for different loadouts, customize their defensive and offensive slots, assign an admiral, pretty interesting and flavorful. Feels like there's a fair bit of strategy to this...I wonder what the combat is like!Oh boy, that combat. By this point I was getting pretty bored, so I wanted to see what war was like. It took me forever to build my fleet up to the ship cap it gives you. I had the Vulcans and Turians on my side against the Wookies, Klingons, and Asari. It looks like they just put everything they have in one big fleet and send it around, so I followed suit because...if they are doing it you don't really have a choice do you? Even then my fleet strength was much smaller than some of their fleets, so I built past my cap to try and have the bigger number, but it just snowballs my economy downhill. Granted I am not experienced in this game, but I don't know what was expected of me.Anyway, two fleets finally collide...and..you don't really do anything? There's no commands to give..can't call somebody off if they are about to die. Can't really tell anyone to focus fire, or maneuver around, or...do ANYTHING. There's nothing, nothing but two numbers. Your fleet strength and theirs. The bigger number wins. And that means loser basically lost everything they had in the one decisive battle. At least it looks pretty when you watch it in slomo..? I don't know, guess that's all there was to that. I tried playing for a bit after...but..it just takes forever to build a fleet again, and I know I'm just going to lose it again, because even at my ship cap my fleet strength wasn't enough to win. I couldn't even surrender after losing a few planets and they clearly had me dominated.So it was a cute game to relax and explore for the first few hours, but once a war starts and actually makes things interesting, I just lost all interest. There's no strategy to this whatsoever, just the bigger deathstack wins. A very disappointing outcome, just makes everything feel so cheap to me. Now that may come off sounding like a sore loser, but I am more bewildered than anything. Like...that was it? I thought a bit about games with space combat, like Rebel Galaxy, you can out-maneuver and mess with much larger ships as a little scoundrel vessel. Why not in Stellaris, maneuver your ships to stay out of an enemy's weapon range? Like kinetic weapons have a lower range then laser for example. No such ability to do this.Or in Star Wars Battlefront 2 you could focus on enemy frigates or systems on their flagship. Why not in Stellaris, destroy a shield generator or their targeting sensors or something? Because ships do have modules for bonuses like that.Or in another 4X game, Civ for example, an enemy may have a number advantage, it may have a technological advantage, but I can use the terrain and my own tactics to beat them. There is nothing in Stellaris that allows a lesser force to do much of anything against a superior one. It's just the bigger number wins, and that to me is a big problem with this game that unfortunately ruined it for me."
,Recommended,281990,22893850,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The_Osiris,I wil become God Emperor of the known Galaxy... one day.One day.
,Recommended,281990,25090688,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,1_Yui,"I got this game together with a friend as a nice strategy game to play together. Although it has some flaws, I enjoyed it both in singleplayer and mutliplayer. Most of those downsides Stellaris has right now are getting resolved by the devs right now. They post dev diaries now and then and from what they announced for the next update it looks like a lot of said flaws will be fixed.The main problem is yet to be resolved though and that is that you cannot play for the win and enjoy it.There are only two objectives that let you win the game: Either you defeat all other civs in the galaxy, or you colonize 40% of all habitable planets. As long as you don't play an extremely aggressive or extremly expansive civ, those are both basically unachievable. There are so many good gameplay elements in Stellaris like migration, ethnic influence, dynamic tech tree, ... that I'm a bit confused that they didn't take advantage of any of those to create individual objectives depending on which type of Civ you play. You select traits and ethics in the beginning that give you advantages and disadvantages in different areas. E.g. a civilization with the materialistic ethic gets a bonus on research while a militaristic ethic boosts your ships attack stats. Why not make the objectives depend on these? E.g. you could make it an objective for materialistic civs to research a certain tech and build a special building. I hope they work on this.Other from that I think it's a very decent strategy game. I can only recommend you to play it with friends, that's even more fun. Designing your own ships is a giant pro and considering they'll improve fleet tactics significantly in the next update it gets even more interesting.All in all: A very nice game with some flaws which is worth its money"
76561198010693782,Recommended,281990,25307155,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,AnemoneMeer,"Note that this is written for 1.2 and may become outdated in the future.Stellaris on launch showed a ton of promise but didn't really deliver on that fact. Patch 1.1 did a bit to rectiy this. Patch 1.2 did more.Both of these patches were major overhauls. Patch 1.3 looks to be the same.All of these patches were free.Paradox didn't do the best job with Stellaris on release. They have however done an amazing job supporting it. The game is going places, and definately worth looking into and following, if not buying it outright."
,Recommended,281990,22888963,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Impsmash,"Salutations fellow gamers!I just wanted to write a quick first impressions review of Stellaris so far. I am only 3 hours into it so far but so far its been great! I have a good number of RTS and 4x strategy games. Only a few of them are Paradox Interactive games such as Mount and Blade, War of the Roses, Magicka, King Arthur Strategy Game, and of course now is Stellaris. My class mates have been talking it up for the past few weeks and enticed me to finally get it on release day and I am very pleased with it.For a strategy game it is very fluid yet methodical. When I say this I am thinking in my mind that this is a slight hybrid of Endless Space and Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion (both of which are great). Yet, this game is fluid without turns and you can even adjust the time to even pausing the game. This also is in effect in multiplayer but more on that later.________________________________________________________________________________Cost: It varies on what edition you get of the game, I personally got the Nova edition because it comes with a portrait species (literally only cosmetic, no effects on gameplay apart from just an alien spider like Arthropod archetype species) as well as the soundtrack. The soundtrack is definitely worth the extra cost for its great quality and good atmosphere. Though for those who are into the game alone then just get the base game, the upper tiers of editions are really only cosmetic and support of the developers (along with social goodies such as forum badges, though that may I have changed by now). I would say for the quality of game it is in right now, it is worth the $50 I spent for the Nova edition.Gameplay is rather unique and I do not think I gave it justice by implying it was a hybrid of Endless Space and Sins of a Solar Empire because it is a really interesting and great style of play. Generally speaking it is just like any other RTS where you develop your empire and encounter other species with differing responses. The empire creator by the way is wonderful and very finite, with editing the style of government and its ethics (all very compliced and not going into it with this first impressions, essentially just traits of your empire but could have different styles based on choices. There are a specific trait system that balances out with negatives and positives, much like Zomboid character traits, etc.) All in all the gameplay is typical for anyone who has played an RTS/4x game and I had no problem picking up the mechanics within the first 10-20 minutes.Multiplayer is very interesting because supposedly it can go beyond 32 players (not recommended for ease of play). It is very simple to play with friends and even random people, though I would sit down prior and create your own empire if you so choose to rather than making everyone wait. The only gripe I have with multiplayer is that the thing I mentioned about controlling time is available to everyone (no clue if there is a host option to limit power or not). So at first people were pausing and slowing/speeding time up for EVERYONE so we had to set up some ground rules. All in all very fluid, my friends experienced minor lag problems but nothing hindering playability (could've been my friend's crappy internet hosting).For a game that I never heard about until the last few weeks, it is a suprisingly great game that I would recommend to anyone who enjoys a good RTS/4x game much like Endless space/etc. If you have friends than more the merrier because I've been enjoying playing with them quite a bit. This has been my first impressions and I give it a good thumbs up! :)- :sphere:"
,Recommended,281990,22900648,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ensoph42,Do you like sleep?  Do you like to eat? Do you like spending quality time with others?  Then don't get this game.
76561198016564543,Not Recommended,281990,32569277,Posted: 19 June,all,D.Z.Robo,"For the price, I simply buy 2 full AAA project. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY REDUCE THE PRICE!"
76561198094184625,Recommended,281990,22892788,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Rectal Wizard,"The game surely needs to be polished in regards of some UI elements and Diplomacy aspect. But don't forget, this is a Paradox game, so we can actually be pretty sure they'll look into it and in few months we'll have absolutely perfect game.Those are the complaints. However the atmosphere, nice learning curve, plentiful of events, race designer and possibilites are more than good. If you ever wanted to have true sequel to Master Of Orion 2, this is it (although in real-time). Even though mid-game is little bit sluggish (again, nothing that Paradox wouldn't fix either in patches or expected DLCs), the game is fun as hell and you'll definitely lose your sense in time in real life.So yeah, there are some issues but nothing that would ruin your experience or was inherent to the game itself. For now on, I would give 8,5/10. After some polish it would be easily 10/10. So jump on the train with us right now and have some fun."
76561198028916889,Recommended,281990,23559388,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Haldurson,"It took me a little time to get into this game, but it was worth it, and I'm still learning stuff.  Yes, the game has a long learning curve. I suggest, at least for your first few attempts at playing, to run it with the tutorial-level advice turned on. That won't tell you everything, so it's good to bookmark the wiki page, and to ask questions in the Steam forums (people there have been very helpful, even though I felt like I was acting like a total newb).In short, this game is a 4X on steroids.  Things starts very slow and you'll have lots of choices to make, especially if you choose to design your own race. There's a lot of levels to the game, but you really don't have to understand everything at the start.  I suggest starting out like I did, following the 'missions' in the tutorial.Eventually, your empire will get bigger, and then you'll be forced to split everything up into sectors.  Sectors are the games way of dealing with micromanagement.Also, you'll need to choose leaders based on their cost and traits.  You'll need to pick 3 main research leaders/scientists in each of the 3 main tech trees.  You'll need to pick at least one military guy to run your battle fleet or fleets, and you'll need to assign scientists to science vessels. If you have an army, you'll have to assign a general for that as well.You'll find any number of different anomalies while your science vessels search the stars around your home planet, and you'll be given decisions to make, the simplest one being, do you commit that ship to analyzing a dangerous anomaly (because there's often a chance of your leader dying). You may have a chance to analyze some some ruins or recover information from a recent combat, or dig up an ancient spacecraft, or initiate a much longer 'mission' to collect biological samples across the galaxy.Also, depending on your form of government, you may have to deal with elections, and that opens up whole other side of the game: Politics.  With the race I'm playing now, I only have to replace my Empire's leader when the previous one dies, and because I'm in a kind of 'scientocracy' (that's not the name, just that I can't recall what its called), he's selected from my current scientists, and each one has an agenda. You can push for a specific candidate by spending influence, or you can just not do anything, and let things happen as they will.  Each leader has a specific agenda, and will give you different advantages for the duration of his term.Anyway, that's the game in a nutshell.  In my current game, there are 1000 systems (I hesitate to call them star systems, because a few have black holes or quasars or pulsars at their center), and each system can have any number of planets and asteroids.If I were forced to compare it to other science fiction 4X games, I'd say that ""Sword of the Stars"" comes the closest, especially with the different choices of travel mechanisms, and random events, and so on. I'd say if you like SotS, yoiu'll probably like Stellaris as well."
,Not Recommended,281990,32316301,Posted: 10 June,all,Pelicunt,"As usual with Paradox games - solid foundation for a proper 4x experience, but very bare bones in vanilla state with questionable DLC pricing to boot.Mods are its only saving grace at this point. To be honest steam really lacks ""Depends"" option as far as reviews go."
,Recommended,281990,23624756,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Aolic,Send help.I'm stuck in the Stellaris Void.
76561197985161073,Not Recommended,281990,32528588,Posted: 17 June,all,Exocet,"Complete playable Paradox games cost nowadays hundreds of euros. In addition, they increase price of games just before sales or price of very old games. DLC strategy is horrible for the customer and content of most DLCs is very limited.As a very long time Paradox fan, I am very unhappy for the current state of matters."
,Not Recommended,281990,35343225,Posted: 30 September,all,Subs (๏ᴥ๏),"With 300+ hours in this game, and having bought the 3 DLCs released to this day, let me just start by listing the pros and cons.Pros:+ Awesome soundtrack+ Good graphics+ Stable multiplayer, with hotjoin that actually works, contrast to other Paradox gamesUnfortunately, that's about all I can say that is good about the game...Cons:- Boring, repetitive gameplay- Species traits and empire civics are little more than buffs/nerfs to certain capacities, every empire plays the same- Wars have 1 of 2 outcomes lategame; a drawn-out slog that often results in a stalemate, or a completely one-sided stomp where the AI insists on fighting you despite you outnumbering them 10 to 1- Barebones diplomacy, remember in EU4 how you can send diplomats to improve relations even if you aren't on good terms with that country? In Stellaris, the only diplomatic action available with someone who hates you is the war declaration that will wipe them off the face of the galaxy- FEDERATIONS. I need to make this point separate, cause this really strikes a nerve with me. Imagine if in EU4, aggressive expansion did NOT decay, and therefore coalitions never break up. That's basically what federations are in this game. If a player joins a federation with the AI, you will be flooded with vote requests on idiotic wars, most of which involve the AI giving away YOUR territory if they ♥♥♥♥ up. The worst part about this is that in the later part of a xenophobe/miliarist game, 9 times out of 10 you will have the remaining AI all in a federation together, some members being of completely opposite ethics, just sitting there. I can understand enemies uniting against a common threat, the problem is they are united against you for the rest of the ♥♥♥♥ing game, and they don't even attempt to attack you.Now that that's out of my system, let me make my final point, which is overall lack of content. I wouldn't say the base game, or any of its DLCs are worth their price, the game should be maybe $20 max for the amount of content you receive.In conclusion, I was really looking forward to Stellaris when it was first announced, as a fan of other Paradox games like Crusader Kings 2 and Europa Universalis IV, but with the road this game is going down, in addition to the latest ""DLCs"" for CK2 and EU IV, I'm really starting to lose my patience with Paradox.Do not buy."
,Recommended,281990,22952362,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Will2brown,-have almost 19 hours in just one game and only just started a federation-about to engage in a great galactic war against the other federation-about to lose social life-about to lose chances of a university and a good job10/10
,Recommended,281990,32876595,Posted: 27 June,all,Firemind1701,"Loads and loads of fun ... deep gameplay, mod support, and a sense of humor.  What more could you ask for in a game?"
,Not Recommended,281990,32749906,Posted: 24 June,all,Dorito Fairy,Price hike just before the Summer Sale says enough about the company. It's a fun game but shady practices don't warrant good reviews.
,Not Recommended,281990,24375948,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,SirMichel,Played it a little bit and it got boring really fast and the Spacecombat is the worst combatsystem ive seen for a long time. Dont buy it there are far better games out there.
,Not Recommended,281990,32754419,Posted: 24 June,all,Gillrien,"Great game, but raising prices ahead of a sale is pretty gross. Games should get cheaper as they get older, not more expensive. Especially for digital goods where supplies of the game running out is non existant.I cannot support this disgusting practice and will not be purchasing anything more from Paradox and the other publishers involved in this practice.Edit: One of the Paradox devs also believes pirating videogames is as bad as child pedophelia. Can't even make this up:http://i.imgur.com/lxJS5eW.png"
,Not Recommended,281990,32556691,Posted: 18 June,all,Sublime Pondera,Silent and shameless price increase? Broken Patches? DLC with content that should be in the game? Thanks Paradox.
76561198089791459,Recommended,281990,22991199,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ziremonger,"To be honest i feel like i shouldnt be giving this game a postive review. Does it feel unfinished ? Yes. Is the Ai awfull? Yes. How long did it take me to get tired of singleplayer? 20 hours. As such a negative review seems in order. The game is a blast for the first 10-20 hours but it loses its charm very quickly.However i have over 100 hours playtime, how is this possible ?  The answer is simple, Multiplayer. I have had the pleasure of taking part in a multitude of organised and public stellaris multiplayer games. Multiplayer is constantly fresh and exciting and i cant in good faith give this game a bad review considering how much fun iv had these past few weeks with it. So yeah hold off untill its on sale with the DLC if your more into singleplayer.EDITthe recent free patches have massively improved the gameEDITSadly it also screwed over multiplayer BOOOOO"
,Recommended,281990,30177788,Posted: 25 February,all,[49th]TheProTaco,"Very poorly optimized, it will only utilize 1 of your CPU cores and it still runs in 32 bit. Your CPU is basically the only part of your computer that will matter in this game as well.My CPU is at the recommended specs of 3.3 Ghz, and yet after 150-200 years in game I'm sitting at 10-25FPS. Really annoying and makes it really difficult for me to stay in any campaign on the largest galaxy size.With that said however, until I hit that point where I start feeling the bad optimization, I have to say this game is practically flawless for me. I got exactly what I expected/wanted and for that reason highly recommend this game, but don't be surprised when 30-45 hours into a playthrough your frames drop to hell."
76561197974287924,Not Recommended,281990,23186770,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,escaflow,"TLDR: good game, but unfinished.I don’t want to bore you is just state that I played a lot of Strategy Games.This Game is promising, the Style is nice and the Graphic isn’t bad, not good but usable.There are no real innovative, you saw everything in this game before somewhere else so get this right out of the way.Building your Empire is Straight forward, explore, settle, profit but you cant Control everything.After 5-6 Planets you have to give up to your (dump) Sector AI and can go to find more Planets to Settle.While exploring there are some Anomaly’s to find, they Range from Resources to Ships or Upgrades. From now to then there are short quests like “Explore X Planets” or “bring back some pets” to find, but the Variety is so low that you find them Boring after a few starts.After a while you will encounter other Empires, some of them are Fallen empires which are Mostly useless, ignoring them works well. Diplomacy is mostly standard declare war, find like minded friends, rivals and Vassals.Combat is like in any other game of this kind Rocket, Laser and Mass driver with Armour and Shield so there is nothing more to say.At every Corner there is a hint of Gratenes and then their is this dead end.The AI is pretty weak, one small fleet to distract his whole Force.UI isnt flashed out, there are images missing and so many useless information.Combat its just a ball of ships ticking their HP away.Diplomacy is missing Crucial things like demand open borders or demand tribute, things that are in mostly any game out there.Events are so few they seem boring after the 3rd or 4th start.All in all this feels like an Early Access game, not a release."
,Recommended,281990,33479902,Posted: 12 July,all,LtlMacMcG,I am about 80% through my 1st playthrough and am at the 'endgame'  I have to say that I have really enjoyed the experience so far!I don't want to get into details...but lets just say that dangerous technologies (as the identify themselves as) are....jsut that.  And can lead to all sorts of unexpected consequences (good and bad).    There is much more depth to the game than you initially think.For an example of a playthrough  from mid-game to end game please feel free to check out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPR8839i7-A&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,281990,23098865,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CLYDE FROG,"I haven't gotten too far into it yet, but I really like it so far.   It's like Sins of a Solar Empire + Europa in space and it's a great mix."
,Recommended,281990,33157557,Posted: 2 July,all,Teina,If you enjoy interstellar genocide and want to roleplay Space Hitler then this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,281990,32311719,Posted: 10 June,all,Lord Мөндөл Horsesniffer,"I had a lot of fun with this game. If you're a 4X fan then you'd love this game. And if you're into endless space, galactic civ or any other space 4X games then let me tell you that this game is currently the BEST out of all the space 4X games.But this is paradox we're talking about. So wait for a 75% sale. Paradox just increased all of it's games prices in regions that it was cheaper. In some regions it increased by x2. I've never seen a company that increases the prices of their games with time. And this game will release a LOT more DLCs because thats what paradox does. And most of those DLCs probably costed a few hundred dollars for paradox to make because even I can make those DLCs if I had access to their engine within a week. With greedy ♥♥♥♥ing devs like these buy their games on sales."
76561198132310886,Not Recommended,281990,23091354,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,xylose,"In a nutshell; combat is insipid, wars are broken if you have allies, as is sector system which is mandatory. The ""honeymoon"" period wore off really fast once early game ended.Don't be like me, listen to these complaints and don't buy the game thinking it's tolerable to get to the game underneath, too many of the X's in a 4X game have been ruined here."
76561197989689455,Not Recommended,281990,23025932,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,sg,"Almost good. Too many issues atm -  bad ai, terrible diplomacy, poor ui, boring combat & tedious management (especially late game)."
,Not Recommended,281990,35238926,Posted: 27 September,all,ivanst321,"Game is fun on most aspect, but the war is idiotic. Someone declared war on you? Better set your war demand quickly otherwise you can't take anything from them even if you win. You destroyed their whole civilization? Occupied all their worlds? But you haven't set the war goal? Nope, you're not getting anything.Battle aspect is shallow as well, nothing to do but increase more fire power, and the weapon type are like basic paper rock scissors, energy>armor kinetic>shield armor>kinetic shield>energy. Missiles? Don't bother with it, its very close to useless.Aside from the battles and wargoals? game is pretty good, worth the price when it's on sale, wait when its 50% off."
,Recommended,281990,23128747,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Operation VideoGamer,-Create a empire Called The Friend Zone-then go and exand your friend zone-find a empire right next to my border-build up armada-Friend Zone them-encounter more empires-Friend zone them up again-now have many vassals-a bigger more powerful empires says F*** you and wants to free vassals from friend zone-with the combined forces of all my vassals i friend zone them-Continued to friend zone everyone-integrated a few empires into my own-only a handfull of empires capable of challenging the Friend Zone remains10/10 would friend zone people again
,Not Recommended,281990,23588797,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,thebrooklynexpress,"Great start.  Poor follow up.  The game barely runs after  a couple hundred years on larger maps.  The diplomacy options are basic, and the AI is awful.  I truly enjoyed the concept and the interesting universe, as well as the occasional missions to keep you busy during those natural 4k lulls.  However, the midgame boredom, and flaccid AI has completely pushed me away form this title.  I may pick it up again in 6 months as there are a number of patches planned. However, I would not reccomend this for anyone expecting the amazingness that Paradox has put out in the past.  The depth just isnt there."
76561197980195521,Not Recommended,281990,25543641,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Carolus_Magnus,"Utopia patch - reviewThe game feelt polished and most bufixes from my orginal review where adressed to the point that i where about to change my review to positive, that is until this patch hit. Now there are new game mechanics which the ai doesnt interact with.No explanations ingame for the new mechanics (tooltips where actually pretty good just before the patch).Basicly its release all over again, a plethora of bugs and no tooltip information.So my tldr stands. If your a fan of this game then you will probably get over the bugs and missing information for everyone else i cant recommend this.______________________________________________________________________________Original reviewStellaris is a game with great potential. I love it for what it is.However its not in a finnished state.-Bugs, Fleets bugging out (in various ways), Transports cant flee, events getting stuck.-Ethics are completly unbalanced for achieving ""victory"".-Diplomacy is nonexistent, partly because of the ai.-The Ai, sigh.-The UI, come late game with large empires you feel like you have to wrestle the ui just to keep your empire running smoothly.If you are a fan of games in space and with a grand strategy scope (its not that much strategy once you have a plan, decided on your race and seen the area around your start) then i can recommend it.For everyone else i dont recommend this game in its current state. I will keep this updated overtime."
,Not Recommended,281990,23179059,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Zarkonnen,"I tried to get into this game, I really did. More than forty hours of trying.ProsThe species graphics are beautiful.Some really good ideas about keeping down complexity, like mining/research outposts.The GUI works well and I found the game pretty easy to pick up.ConsThe game is excruciatingly slow, even on the ""Fastest"" speed.After the initial exploration and expansion, nothing interesting ever happens.Diplomacy has no interesting options or outcomes.In the end, I'd still rather play Master of Orion II, sorry. I will revisit this game (and this review) after the planned updates. It may yet become a good game, but I am not too hopeful."
,Not Recommended,281990,23527631,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Cheesy Wotsit,"Canot recommend this game, the late game is utterly broken. Not only on an actual gameplay value, micro management of vast areas and fleets of space grows dull very quickly the situation log, one of the interesting parts of the early game all but dries up to nothing and diplomacy or at least certain aspects of it leave you in a situation where you either stand by yourself and get the floor wiped with you or stand with a Federation and then have no say in who or what you declare war on because your fellow members spend all their time declaring war on your behalf without ever giving you a say or opinion on the Warscore goals (a feature by the way that does not work both ways, i.e if you declare war they get a chance to veto the vote unless you give them a shot at some Warscore goals.)You also have the issue with late game battles, you have four classes of ship as a player you think biggest ship equals the best, lets build vast fleets using them, nope the reality is the smallest and weakest ship is the best, in fact the entire game can be played without ever needing to build anything but Corvettes. Don't believe me watch as your 75K Battleship fleet gets torn to pieces by the AIs 20K fleet that comprises of mostly smaller ships (the AI clearly knows which ships are best.)The other issue is on the games technical level, the game is 32bit and uses a single core which is frankly pathetic in this day and age and while this isn't an issue in early game once you get to late game with huge fleets, and huge amounts of background stuff going on the game becomes an utter chore, everything chugs along, command inputs get ignored of delayed (watch as you click a button to reroute a fleet only for it to ignore you) it is utterly pathetic. (4690K I5 at 3.6Ghz with a 980GTX)The game needs some serious fixes, the gameplay elements can at least be fixed, by various levels of degree but the technical issues. I doubt it, if and if they fix both sets of flaws I will change my recommendation, I suspect that it will remain unchanged though."
76561198006641204,Not Recommended,281990,23188884,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,patchchristensen,"This game starts out so amazing. I was thinking it is a combo of Civ and the old game called spaceward ho. But it really drives you to conquer the galazy which is fine. Until you start doing it. Then the problems start.-Factions- This is so horrible it has ruined the game for me. They are not fun and are just annoying. They are impossible to keep happy.-Planet cap- depending on the government you can only control about 5 planets. You have to create sectors. This also really sucks, I wish there was an option to disable the requirment.-One fleet to rule them all- This game really comes down to who can build the big super fleet first. Use that fleet to destroy your neigbors fleet and they are defense less. No satalites or planet defenses of any kind. You don't have to conqure your neigbors to win. You can just destroy their stuff and they will always be behind you.-Long times of boringness... You are stuck doing nothing for loooonnnggg periods of time. Waiting for those stupid factions to be happy and such.This game may get better but it needs some really changes/adds to be great. Which is can be but right now it is missing the mark pretty far. I have played to much to get my money back, which I wish I could do."
76561198031249584,Not Recommended,281990,24626023,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Taibe,"I like the graphics, the apparent complexity and interesting twists this game has to offer.But I stopped playing in frustration after a few days.the interface  is counter intuitive. Right click in on thw rong pixel and you have to give  a command a second time or have the select your forces again. Dont forget its a RTS. And I could not (easily) find  all necessary information. For example the embarked (in space) ground forces are listed as embarked. Not where they are, So in a big campaign with numerous fleets you just have the guess which is which and where they are.  You can name the fleets but for ground forces they will lose their names the moment you us ethem to invade a planet. Its not that the game lists the fleet name sin space anyway.Wars are fought for goals you have to select beforehand according to a point system. A medium sized empire takes, lets say, 500 points. You have 100 points per war. So thats 5 wars per empire  wityh 10 years in between (very rough estimate).20-40 empires...So you start fighting, and have almost killed your target. But you cant.. its allied to a far away empire whos forces count towards the points you ahve to obtian to reach your goals. But you cant reach that ally. So you either settle for less, or declare war on the intermediate empires as well.. Sigh. After doing this a few times it got to be such a pain. I gave up when playing a circle map and I was boxed in  by empires like these.The diplomacy system is interesting. But you cant win by diplomacy (alone). The moment you enter a alliance with a AI, it has a vote who you will declare war on. In a federation all members get the be 'boss'   a while and have full control over  foreign affairs, including fleets. great so you just wait and see in frustration as your work gets undone."
,Not Recommended,281990,23013785,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,tooslider,Fun game.. then you see how terrible the alliance AI is and realize its maybe a facade? hoping an update or two will get it right...still too early to recommend.  I am sure at some point it will be a big thumbs up from me..but I cant suggest it to anyone but fanboys at this time.
76561197977617247,Not Recommended,281990,35184409,Posted: 24 September,all,Tharpe,"I wanted to like this game so bad, but it just ended up being extremely simple and dull post-exploration yet unbelievably fiddly with space battles. The Space battles are another gripe of mine as you either totally destroy an enemy's fleet (usually their only) and stomp all over them with ease, or get utterly annhilated yourself. Once your fleet is gone there is no coming back. Total annihilation of fleets make the game frustrating and less interesting."
,Recommended,281990,23052287,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Grandmaster,This game will scratch your Sci Fi itch!
,Not Recommended,281990,23636298,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sergio di Napoli,"A huge deception, as it lacks a lot of content.Should have been launched in a year or two.Not an honest approach at all because:- the game is obviously incomplete (comparing to other similar products)- the game is obviously stunning during the first phases, then quickly drops to nothingness in mid-game (I did not even bother to get to late game)This tricky policy will make think twice or thrice before buying any paradox product in the future, including DLCs for other beloved titles as CK2 and EUIV.The tricky policy ""loads of money right away"" just generates a burnout effect, that leads to ""no money tomorrow""."
76561198067532244,Not Recommended,281990,23192194,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,alexmonthy,"Disappointing lack of content for the price. It's shallow for a 4X, and laughable for a Grand Strategy."
76561197993580427,Not Recommended,281990,33350616,Posted: 7 July,all,red_fourteen,"Starts of fun and interesting, Explore the area around you, decide on a what to focus on.Brush up against neighbours, unlocking Diplomacy! Trade! Conflict!Then you end hopping across the galaxy with one absurdly large fleet, chipping away at equally large enemy fleets to slowly elimiate them.If you liked Spore, then you will like this game"
76561198044430574,Recommended,281990,22960367,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BigD4283,"Arguably one of the best strategy games I've ever played. It has the simplicity and easy resources of Civ 5, the customizable empire, race and gameplay like Galactic Civilizations, and the classic little modifiers and complexities that make it extremely realistic like Europa Universalis"
,Not Recommended,281990,34164478,Posted: 11 August,all,vlajba,"This is COPY/PASTE text - i agree with every wordStellaris is entertaining for a few hours, but quickly becomes dull and tedious. When you first start a game, you're amazed and interested at how indepth the game feels with all the different mechanics. Plus, if you're a fan of the sci-fi genre, it's a blast to just get yourself immersed in growing a space empire. However, once you crack the surface, once you start learning about these mechanics, it quickly reveals itself to be shallow.Combat is boring and unbalanced. It always boils down to having the bigger fleet, with few exceptions. Ground combat is even more boring and simplified, with no strategy involved at all. Simply move your army to a planet, land, and win. Managing your empire is boring and tedious.To manage your empire, you have a few planets that you directly control and micromanage, and then have to delegate any other planets to ""sectors."" These sectors give the AI control over the planets, having them build and develop improvements. A good portion of the game is taken out of your hands and put into the AI's, and the AI is beyond inept. I've had sectors, with plenty of resources, still have empty planets with no improvements while they build nothing else. To try to get the most out of your planets, you have to constantly jockey with the sector system, do the dull and tedious colony development yourself, and then jockey with the sector system again. It's very boring, and adds more micromanagement to a system that was designed to reduce it.Of course, the sector system is absolutely necessary, because the other space empires are just as inept as the sector AI. The only way to stop a player from completely steamrolling the galaxy is to cripple the player through using the sectors. If you try to play around the sectors, you get the micromangement hell I described above. If you use the sectors ""as designed"" then the game is still unbalanced, but still better than the optimal way to play.I tried to like Stellaris, and at first I really did. It just becomes so boring and tedious. It's hard to explain how much time is wasted in this game just waiting. Waiting for resources, waiting for fleets to build, waiting for the invasion to end, waiting for the warscore to tick up so you can end a war, waiting, waiting, waiting. The only things that could have made the downtime between conflicts interesting was the empire management, which is taken out of control of the player through sectors, and then handled ineptly by the AI.In addition to the problems with the actual game, Paradox Interactive has become a terrible company to support. Gone are the days where Paradox made fantastic, if buggy, games for relatively cheap, with great expansions to enhance the vanilla game. Now, Paradox releases broken games, then releases a constant stream of overpriced DLCs that add one or two features, that are inevitably broken or unbalanced on release. The sad part is, most of the DLCs are great ideas, with terrible implementation, or are great ideas, at the expense of ignoring vital areas of the base game."
76561197963743149,Not Recommended,281990,22959447,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Florp Incarnate,"Long time Paradox fan. Review of the initial release.Stellaris is an attempt at fusing the Galactic Civilizations / Masters of Orion games with Europa Universalis. As such, it is fairly successful as a proof of concept. The game has a wide amount of content and great writing. Sadly, under the veneer it is extremely shallow. Basically the game needed another year of development to flesh out. Knowing Paradox, that will actually occur over time and players will be forced to pay for that continued development if they want to play a finished product. This explains and justifies the lower initial price of the game.I cannot recommend the game in the state that it is in, but I suspect this will change in perhaps 6 months time.Specific gripes- Diplomacy system is excessively shallow. Think 1\3 of the depth of Civ5.- Domestic AI (sectors) are an attempt at reducing micro for large empires and simulating the challenges of a sprawling star empire. They end up being both annoying (unable to micro stuff that needs to be microed even when you want to) and downright infuriating (the ai makes suboptimal choices that limit growth).- Allied AIs simply blob up and follow your main fleet instead of doing any thinking at all.- Ship designs organization is rudimentary. Probably the most glaring issue. You cannot upgrade ships to different classes; you can only upgrade existing classes. This leads to hair pulling for players used to microing their builds ala Galactic Civilizations.- Game UI needs a lot of work."
76561197982881963,Not Recommended,281990,23035388,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Razter,"Sooo...There's a LOT I love about this game. I want to give it a thumbs up. But too many serious issues means it gets a thumbs down. If they fix the major stuff, I'm willing to change.Some major issues:Very serious slowdowns mid to late game.Early game it may take you 1 hour real world to play 10 years of game time (I'm just making up times). Mid and late game  it may take you 5-10 hours to get through that same 10 years....or longer. It's pretty severe. To add insult to injury, this game does not have multi core support. In thisday...why?I highly doubt this issue can be fixed due to it coming down to raw number calculations. Without muli-core support, there's really no place to go. Trying to optimize your code will only go so far. This engine came out in 2007 (I think?) so it's highly doubtful they can do much to improve performance.Diplomacy completely broken.Get used to games where no one will ever talk to you and everything you try to propose to other opponents will read -1000. In the end it will pretty much always be you, by yourself, against large federations.Combat system.MANY, many issues. Just one example....you can have a combat score at 100% and the game will not give you the win due to some other empire taking a planet during your conflict. This is just one example of MANY.Sector system.Yeah don't get me started here. I understand what they were going for here, and it failed. Fixing the AI to manage better will go a long way to making it tolerable.There's many other issues but these are some of the highlights."
,Not Recommended,281990,23559354,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,HolyPope,"I felt very misled by the first portion of Stellaris. It sets players up to think that it's going to be a great game, only to lead them to the sad reality that the game's functionally only in beta. Most of the content is only semi-functional. There are severe balancing issues. The AI isn't finished. The scripted stories don't all finish.  At this point it time, Stelaris is only a good buy for people who like to play early access games... which is to say, definitely only the most serious fans. Others will most likely burn out any fun they might have long before the game really hits its prime. Set it down, come back in 2017. It'll probably be better then."
76561198017481765,Recommended,281990,25575049,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,thixus,"-Spawn spiritualist space octopods-Invade ancient ringworld and enslave primitive species-Conquer 1/4 of the Galaxy♥♥♥♥♥♥off two fallen empires-Subsequently war with both at the same time, smash them.-Get invaded by extragalactic bio weapons, curb stomp them after losing a third of my planets to the infestation.-Enslave a queen and use the self replenishing fleet to finish my Galactic conquest9/10 Would enslave Galaxy in worship of the old ones again"
,Recommended,281990,24643019,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ClayXros (Plain Cereal),"8/10Ah at last, a game that scratches the itch Galactic Civilizations II left in my little gamer heart. If you love micromanaging an empire, customize an entire alien race (in a more intuative and detailed way than GalCivII), and really feel like you're exploring a living Galaxy, this is the game for you.Pro's-Intuative controls (for me at least)-Multitude of options for governing your empire-No fleet-size cap. Only number of total ships are limited-Interesting races that you can discover/create. (I myself made the Chozo and am loving it)-You can easily keep track of everything in your empire (once you learn the layout)-Vast number of options for creating a race, including multiple (up to 8) different species within a phenotype. (Avain, fungus, ect)-Research 3 tech at once instead of a (very slow and useless) single tech research-Beautiful music and atmosphere (or lack of one)-Not possible to simply ""steamroll"" the Galaxy once the player desires (they still have to use their brain with the Warscore system)-Random events that feel real and keep the player's attentionCon's-Nonsensical solar system control limit+Can only control 5 systems+Must automize systems beyond that with ai controlled sectors+Ai controlled races still control every system despite your own cap. (In big empires at war this is a huge handicap for the player, beyond a fair fight for them)-Steep learning curve to capturing worlds (I'm peaceful till I get crowded)-Research options change in between selections. Unclear how they are unlocked+Almost feels like the lottery at some points+This part is unexplained and leaves the player confused-Unusual negotiations between racesGoing back to my 8/10 rating. This game is spectacular, fun, and engaging, but has some issues that do ruin the experience at times. (to the point that I had to get mods to rectify the situation, like the system control cap and the research lottery)Remember that this review was my own personal opinion, so some things that I like might make/break the game for others."
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,281990,24565547,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,acesahn,"Imagine Crusader Kings without the history rich factions and countries.  Imagine Master of Orion with a far less impressive race/government creator.  Imagine Galactic Civ 2 without ship customization.  If you can imagine all that in one game... you probably figured its a mediocre hybrid of all of them, not really standing out and shining in any way that would make me recomend this game.  I couldnt get into it, and Ive never had that problem with a space 4X game.  In short I saw it as a rather empty, basic space exploration, with the invotation being the same basic gameplay from Crusader Kings, but that game had much more in terms of politics, management, and like I said the history which rooted it, and made you care.  I didnt care about my little empire, my little solar system."
76561198007012305,Not Recommended,281990,24721809,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,Now Paradox`s DlC-Policy has just become plain fraud....
,Recommended,281990,22890245,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Vavent,"Yeah, so disregard what I previously said about Stellaris. My old review said that there wasn't a con I could think of and that it ran pretty well and looked good. Well, it still runs well and looks good, but I can think of a few cons.The major one is that it's repetitive. Basically, explore, colonize, fight wars, and repeat. That may sound like a lot of other games, but in this one there really isn't much else to do. Eventually it will get to a point where you've explored and colonized but now there's nothing left to do and you're waiting for something to happen. In other Paradox games, lets say Crusader Kings II, you only did nothing if you wanted to. There was always an opportunity to plot or fabricate claims and go to war. But in this game, you really can get to the point where there's nothing to do but micromanage your planets.In conclusion, there isn't yet nearly enough content to call this a full and fufilling game. This is Paradox, so I'm sure we'll get DLC, but that might not come for a while. I haven't played this game since the launch week because I got bored and I don't plan to play it again until more content is added. I'll keep my positive rating here, because it can be fun, but, right now, it isn't nearly at its full potential."
,Not Recommended,281990,29617859,Posted: 31 January,all,Thomas,"Doubled the price? Get bad review. No more purchases from Paradox!My recommendation to all - do not buy! Just download for free from torrents.Greedy publishers forces us to piracy!---Удвоили цену? Получите плохой обзор. Больше никаких покупок у Paradox!Мои рекомендации всем - не покупайте, а скачивайте бесплатно с торрентов.Жадные издатели принуждают нас к пиратству!---This was my review BEFORE doubling the prices:Таким был мой обзор ДО удвоения цен:Лучшая 4X игра, а также одна из лучших игр всех времён, из тех, в которые мне довелось играть. После неё другие 4X кажутся какими-то мелкими. В Stellaris есть галактический размах. Кучи путей и возможностей покорять космическое пространство или сгинуть в нём под натиском очередной фееричной опасности. А уж сколько тут собрано сюжетов по лучшим канонам научной фантастики! Если хоть что-то из этого вам не чуждо, то настоятельно рекомендую игру к ознакомлению. Она действительно стоит своих денег. Но будьте осторожны - засев поиграть вечерком на пару часиков, даже не заметите как встретите рассвет."
76561197972361376,Recommended,281990,22895474,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Studio Ghibli,"... border disputes led me from being the peaceful Foundation that I wanted to be, to becoming the Space Hitler that I never knew I could be.How good is this game? Good enough where I think I won't need to buy Endless Space 2. Good enough where I think I can be done with Sins of a Solar Empire.I'm home. :D"
,Recommended,281990,22894752,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,"The best Paradox game launch ever!Pros+Engaging+Randomized Empires+Exploration is the best Ive seen in any 4x+No need to micromanage+Ship builder is pretty indepth, rock paper scissors type combat+Really awesome tutorial+Awesome music+Ai is pretty good+Multiplayer with hotjoin+Victory Conditions (Though theres only 2)+Extremely ModdableCons-Bit barebones (Paradox will probably make dlc and stuff in the future)-Buggy (This is their most stable launch, at least on my computer which is low end)-Diplomacy is not very fun or useful-Ai is a bit to passive at least in my experienceNeutral-DLC (Like other Paradox games this will probably be a DLC hog, not that I have a problem with it, its just that their DLC as of late has not been very good and adds alot of features that can break their games or unnessesary fluff)-More of a Grandstrategy than a 4x-Only 2 victory conditions (though most Paradox Veterans will probably not care due to this being more GS than 4x, it would be nice for more diplomatic victories since the 2 invlove conquest and war)-Little bit grindy (nature of the beast I guess)This game has so much potential and I'm glad that it had such a successful launch and I'm really enjoying it.Heres to years of support and mods."
,Recommended,281990,31044736,Posted: 9 April,all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"Let me regale the tales of the Holy Terra Empire.> Be Holy Terra Empire ruled by Queen Abigail II. Imperial, militaristic, and strong in faith.> Under enlightened monarchy, the empire is strong through eugenics, selection of premium lineages to be our nobles.> Got attacked by snake people in the name of 'freedom' and 'democracy'. Such realism.> Fought off the snake ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. It was a hard fought victory. Hail Her Royal Majesty. Praise be the Divine.> Brought the upstart, smart, hard working leaf-people into the fold.> Golden Age begins.> Years later, Her Majesty Queen Abigail II passed on peacefully of old age.> Crown Prince Charles I takes the Holy Throne on Terra.> Distant colony got attacked (think Alaska for USA), and the alien confederacy (Canada) did not let our fleet pass.> War it is, so be it, we will save our people no matter what.> Declration of War failed.> What?> Turns out the now King Charles I was head of ultra-egalitarian maniacal pacifist faction when Empire was under the late queen's rules.> He vetoed the war.> Look at the heir screen. A BLOODY LEAF-PEOPLE.> HE WHAT?> Took a plebian leaf-people for wife, that I can accept. But the royal heir is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ offspring of his wife and another bull leaf-people?!> LITERALLY HIS WIFE'S SON IS A ROYAL HEIR. That bloody King Charles I The Cuckold.> Distant colony falls apart. A lot more soon follow.> Empire is fractured, people are mad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥> Other space empires took this chance to tear the empire apart.100/10. Realism, epic space drama for this epic 4X space game.PS. The moral of this story: Cucks ruins empire."
76561198008903226,Recommended,281990,22901540,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Argonias,"Got the game because you can not find many good 4x space games that are multiplayer.  There are a bunch out there but none that caught the attention of both me and my g/f.  So I got two copies and started a multiplayer match with my g/f and just for fun I went with the biggest map and most AI to see how the game handles, or how my computer would handle the game.Got to say the game surprised me, not only did neither of our computers have any issues.  The AI kept up quite well with both of us working together.  Most 4x games I run into I tend to roflstomp the computers unless it's on some of the harder difficulties, and while it took me a moment to accustom myself to how this one works (which I also liked), it had challenge to it from the start and kept the game interesting.  I did not completely blow past the AI in tech, nor did the AI completely slaughter me in production (normally the case in most 4x games I play, at least initially).  It wasn't hard for my g/f to pick up and play either...she had to ask some questions here and there for how something worked but 95% of it she got on her own and was doing well.So overall I got to say I like the game and will keep playing it, and I am 90% certain she will too..."
76561198052295625,Recommended,281990,22891335,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,zbyhnev,"Plus side:This is the space game you’ve been waiting for for a decade. Rich, complex, surprising (solving the gretest 4X issue of all playthroughs being more or less identical), each playthrough is different. I expect the ""hours on record"" figure to gain a couple orders of magnitude in the coming months.After the bland reskins of the Master of Orion concept (GalCiv, Endless, Distant Worlds), this is finally a truly better game moving the genre forward and setting the new standard with a lot of novel mechanics and depth.Minus side:-Combat is simplistic and there is no skill involved. Nobody yet did better than Master of Orion 1 twenty years ago.-Diplomacy is currently completely broken. Like, you offer a civilization a promise you will not attack them, asking nothing in return (in a bid to boost relations), and they will write back that they refuse your ridiculous request.-Tutorials are broken. After meeting twenty civilizations, having embassies with three of them and trading with them routinely, you will get a ""First contact! This changes everything!"" message when meeting the twenty first. Broken condition chains happened so often I started completely ignoring the tutorial messages and mini-missions. I expect this to be patched out shortly.-I am not so sure there is sufficient depth to the various races to make them anything else than reskins with two or three personality variables. Yet to see anything that isn’t ""antropomorphic animal with a randomly generated flavoring"". To draw the inevitable comparison to MOO again, MOO’s few races suffer from the same furry-convention design uninspiredness, but are strongly defined personality archetypes - in Stellaris, all the dozens of avian/reptilian/fungoid empires blend together, and you don’t get the sense of ""hey, these guys are like this, and those guys are that"". The claim of many tens of races is therefore kind of devalued by their relative identity. Also making interesting extra races an optional purchase was kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to begin with - it’s an essential feature if you want the game to be more replayable. If you’re gonna have thirty plus empires on the map, make sure they feel different.-Research doesn’t feel as profound/consequential/meaningful as in other 4X games. For whatever reason, I don’t get the sense of excitement and discovery that comes with climbing the tech tree in MOO or Civilization, much less Kerbal Space Program. The game doesn’t communicate the longer-term implication of various venues of research very well.Verdict: kiss your relatives goodbye and buy the game. You’ll get lost for days and weeks. Paradox pulled off something great, and I hope there will be expansions and DLCs."
,Recommended,281990,33762869,Posted: 24 July,all,Luka2810,Great 4x game and great but overpriced dlcs
76561198064399399,Recommended,281990,32581656,Posted: 19 June,all,Mrwitchdoctor,"An ejoyable game, whoever manages this page and pricing engaged in some rather unimpressive business practice, however I would reccomend the game itself to anyone who enjoys sci-fi, real-time strategy, it certainly adds some more layers of complexity, without being spreadsheets technical, to this genre of strategy. The base of the game can become quite bland, but a healthy injection of mods from an active community really prolongs playtime. The AI can at times be frustrating, with very limited complexity involving tactics, usually resulting in cheating to gain an equal hand, fleet maneuvering is very basic for them, and they generally pay no attention to your placement and FTL capability when moving their own ships, falling into the most basic of traps. It needs a lot more work, but I'm relatively comfortable reccomending a purchase, however, I do not reccomend a purchase without at least the Utopia or Leviathans DLC the base game becomes almost unplayable after a while without it."
,Recommended,281990,22896297,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MrFrosty,Downloaded on release at 9AM.. Finally got off at 1am.. So I guess it's okay.
76561198157485293,Recommended,281990,22887759,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,jsbarker702,Mesmarizing game. I bounced off of the other Paradox games but this one has hooked me deep. 8 hours of play on day one and I can't stop. Highly recommeded unless you have an actual real life.
,Recommended,281990,31046751,Posted: 9 April,all,CBuHb9I,Star Trek + Star Wars + Warhammer 40 000! Awesome!The best space opera for PC!
,Recommended,281990,22890001,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KillPond,The game was released 12 hours ago.Played it for 12 hours.Going to bed now.Space is indeed great again!Day 2 : 12 more hours... Space is still great!
76561198025155752,Recommended,281990,31723372,Posted: 13 May,all,jpb103,"Stellaris is one of those games you can pour hours upon hours into. A lot of the game has a general CIV feel to it, but in space. It took me a few playthroughs to get the hang of the game, and I'm still learning. Haven't won a game yet, but I'll get there. If you're looking for a game to really kill a pile of time, look no further."
,Recommended,281990,23637506,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DhartiBoar,"I have played CK 2, EU4, VIC 2 and HOI 3, this is the better of the series.The Customization of your society is awesome and the learning curve is easy."
,Recommended,281990,32723466,Posted: 24 June,all,Forerunner546,"I love stellaris and with over 258 hours in the game I can say I am still drawn to it.The thing that diffrentiates Stellaris from other 4X games is its replayablility, I love to build and play as different species. It is this creation of unique and personaliz3ed factions that makes me love Stellaris. It is a must buy!"
,Recommended,281990,22891475,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,greyfade,"This is what Spore's galactic era was supposed to be like.Galactic scale grand strategy done right by a dev who knows what ""grand"" means."
76561198032195639,Recommended,281990,22891657,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ActionJesus,"Hello Gentleman and Ladies just want to tell you of this game called Stellaris.   In my opinion this is easiest to learn and less obtuse of all Paradox games I have ever played.  I am referring to Europa Universalis and Crusader kings, which I still don't understand the whole mechanics of both them.  With Stellaris I jumped right in and with the Help of the in-game tutorial I was off to a running start exploring my Galaxy.The interface is really slick, polished and easy to learn compared to the previous games I mentioned from Paradox.  Events where not all coming at once and you can soak each one in and make decisions pretty easily without getting logged jam.I might have not logged a ton of hours yet on the game but what I have accomplished in the game like design multiple different races and ships already for first hour of game speaks alot of the depth this games has.  I also started 3 single player games and even chatted on the multiplayer server which had people ready to jump into some multi player fun.Everything about this game yells quality.   The soundtrack, user interface and attention to details of the planets is astounding while zooming into them.  I don't play alot of 4x games because it gets kinda gets that same ole feeling after awhile, but this game is random and so deep in strategy I can't begin to tell you where to start on what they put in this game.  One example is how you choose your ruler.  I choose Democracy and they have election every 5 years.  I noticed one of the 3 nomiees was favored by the people, even without me endorsing the delegate {which you can at the cost of some influence points}.  I noticed he had a special ability called the peoples champion, just like the ROCK {you know Dwayne Johnson},  which I thought was nice touch.  Of course he won even without my endorsement.As I saying this game is deep for my brief play thoughs so far.  You can go as deep in the Rabbit hole as you feel comfortable.  Heck you can stay on the main universe map and let the computer micro everything for you, but you would only be scratching the surface on what this game has to offer.  To be honest it wasn't that hard to learn either and I am kinda surprised for Paradox game.Well this game is going to only get better as people start modding it and future DLC from Paradox {especially the diplomatic portion is there, but lacking alot of option we expect from a Paradox game}.  I am looking forward to the day someone Mods the Star Trek Universe!Buy this game if you are s Science fiction fan or into any Grand Strategy games {even Civilization games}.  This game has it all.  Let your imaginiation go crazy.  This game has so much potential even though it already is a enormous game from the get go.  Just go buy it, you won't regret it, your going to have memoriable memories in this game.  Its that good."
76561198009155213,Not Recommended,281990,35428675,Posted: 2 October,all,1472,"Game is good as a grand strategy planner until game settings make the game both unplayable and unwinnable. Enemies have stats that are completely impossible to match, sad thing is you have to play for a good 6-8 hours to find this out, no fun battles, its just nothing until you get beat by insanely powerful AI's. good idea, they just need to fix the random generators. I am finished with this game"
76561198233393108,Not Recommended,281990,32816048,Posted: 26 June,all,Mio,It seems like paradox makes a good platform for players to make their own content. I think this is a good game.But how can the paradox raise the price? Add one second for the paradox and wish it good luck.
76561198030456711,Recommended,281990,27328882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zagato,"I would recommend this game for any 4X strategy lover. The game in it's current state might not justify the full price, but developers are releasing free content and bug-fix patches regularly. You don't really need any of the DLCs to fully enjoy the game, so don't worry about those.Positives:+ custom races and empires+ multiplayer+ ship customization+ planetary improvements+ good and clean user interface (UI)+ modding and abundance of available mods (steam workshop and Paradox forums)+ good publisher/developer (Paradox)+ content will be added for years to come!Negatives:- occasional bugs- no fleet formation management (have to use a mod for that)- insufficient difficulty and early/mid/late-game balancing- not enough events/anomalies in mid/late-game (can be improved with mods)- not enough visual ship variety (will be fixed in the future)- unsatisfying fleet battles"
76561198030384427,Recommended,281990,22890922,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"Does everything that 4x strategy does right and everything Grand Strategy does right, soldi release, can't wait to waste my life some more."
76561198034699683,Recommended,281990,22891954,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CCfan,"I found Russell's Teapot in this game.My scientists lost their mind trying to figure that thing out, wasting like five years researching that thing. Ultimately my scientists never found the answers to the deepest mysteries of life, however the Teapot gave me 150 Influence anyway for trying.Space Teapots are nice, and so is this game."
76561198263296391,Recommended,281990,25434426,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,lgt_celticwolf,"When I discovered this game I thought to myself, sure it's just another 4x game that I'll play for a bit. I was wrong,but in a good way,stellaris is a dream come true for me. from its immense detail,stunning visuals to the great sound track,  it truly immerses you in a galaxy that is your own,  a race that you've created, guided with leaders that you gotten to know and explore new lands with, stellaris is unlike other 4x games,  exploration isint just about scanning planets for resources but includes a very star trek like anomaly system that adds an rpg element to the game. Once you explore it's time to expand and upgrade,  the detailed research system and planet development system offers you complete freedom in how your empire is run. The best thing perhaps about this game is the detail of the empire builder, it is unlike anything I've experienced in any other game and it has kept me making more and more and more races to see how different traits mix with different government or ethic types and it allows me to really create races with my own lore and backstory,  long live the Kalderin sovereignty, and it's eternal king. Overall this game is amazing and I recommend it to anyone who likes strategy,  rts and 4x games or even if you just like scify."
,Recommended,281990,22904342,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MrNukaCola,EU4 in Space10/10
76561198006752993,Recommended,281990,22896522,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RyzorElite,"Stayed up until 1.30am to install. Was playing 20 minutes later.I got lost in the game, it was everything I wanted to be - the music, the species, the exploration, the rise of the evil space bugs of Krythx...BEEP BEEP BEEP My alarm for 7am goes off. I go to work exhausted and disorientated, still thinking about my mighty space bugs and their struggle to enslave the galaxy. It was a long day, but eventually made it back. I'll go to bed at a reasonable time tonight, but not before I get in some space-conquering first.VERDICT9/10 would neglect sleep again."
,Not Recommended,281990,32563517,Posted: 19 June,all,♣♠Tapsu♠♣,the game was fun when it came out. A lot of fun in multiplayer with friends! But I feel like people are encouraging paradox's greedy DLC policy. So I am not going to suggest this game.
76561198091596690,Not Recommended,281990,33104524,Posted: 1 July,all,theogenia,"At first glance, as it is a relatively new game, stellaris feels a good game. But as you progress in game, this feeling wanders away. Because the game feels incomplete.Diplomacy is shallow, not worthy of a ""grand strategy game"". There is nothing dynamic about diplomacy. Diplomatic actions are either successful or not, and you cannot do anything to manipulate and change them. As the in-game AI is bad, you'll often don't want any AI interaction (e.g. coalition, allies, or even sector commanders) which strips you out of so-called diplomatic aspectsCombat system is awful. In almost all of the cases, bigger fleet power decides the winner. You can have customized ships (equip the ships with your choice of artillery, lasers, shields etc.) which is actually a neat concept. But ultimately, your choice regarding weapons, and overall design of your ship are not important. Because there is not enough information about combat (both during and after) and you cannot decide whether what you do is effective or not. Moreover, if your fleet is stronger than the enemy fleet, have fun catching enemy fleet (they'll just run and run and run). Of course it is logical that for the weaker fleet to escape if they are 100% to lose & die, but since they keep running away again and again, you can't have battles, and you can't win battle points, and therefore you cannot your enforce war demands. Not a good war mechanic at all.Researches and abnormalities become boring quickly. At one point, you may find yourself in a position such as that you wait ""just for one another research"" to finish.what you can do in the game is limited, how you can play the game is also limited (presence of different winning conditions do not create different playing strategies) cause there is only one way to prosper and build a strong fleet (and if you dont, you just lose and the game ends).As I wrote before, the game feels incomplete, and all those points I expressed may be improved. Additional content may be introduced (graphical, game mechanic etc.). But you know what that means, right? Pay up for the upcoming DLCs. In order to have a complete game, you need to pay more than you did initially (yay!). Also, if you decide to pay for upcoming DLCs, good luck with the prices as well (cause they will cost more than the original game, and if you decide to wait for content to get cheaper, pre-defined & previously released content prices may change, I mean increase, pointlessly)"
76561198061264501,Recommended,281990,23672130,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,John Wilkes Booth,"To put it simply, Stellaris is like Crusader Kings 2 in space with the military system from Europa Universalis 4. It strives to get you immersed into the game, and then drops off into redundant events and situations over and over until you finally go out and conquer the galaxy. It'll be like this until you finally lose it over some bug screwing with your fleets and such.Look, I'll be honest with you. The game desperately needs more content. On the same note, it desperately needs some patches to fix some irritating bugs (such as a science ship constantly moving back and forth from north of the planet to south of the planet instead of researching a project like I ordered it to). The end game crisis events are VERY UNDERWHELMING. Do you know how many times I saw ships from the Machine Consciousness? Once, and that was when they first showed up!Currently, the AI (the actual AI, not the robots and Machine Consciousness) is terrible. They seem to love to suicide charge back into their system with their entire fleet if you so much as send a single Corvette into their territory. This leads to an extremely easy way to draw an enemy fleet away from your capital (capitals are one of the only things they seem to go after). Sad thing is, this is only one example. In order for you to truly understand, you need to see it for yourself.The game desperately needs mods if you plan on not being bored after the first stretch of hype and excitement. At the very least, I recommend getting the mod that adds more events, the mod that allows all three late game crisis events to trigger (not all at once, of course), and the mod that allows you to remove foreign stations from your territory. The stations mod is crucial if you are to remove all those irritating wormhole stations of your rivals that can't normally be removed without being at war with them. Save yourself some trouble and GET MODS.What is my final conclusion on Stellaris? Understand what you're buying. Currently, you're getting a game that really lacks replay value. It is possible to get your money's worth its current state, but without mods, you're going to have a lot less replay value. It's interesting with friends, but can begin to feel the same each time nonetheless. Overall, it isn't a bad game. It just needs time to mature.I give it something between a 6/10 and a 7/10, which means it barely makes recommended status. I'm writing this on June 20, 2016 with no DLC available in case someone reads this in the future.Edit: I forgot to mention how bad it lags in fleet battles. If you have two fleets of decent size fighting in a galaxy you're viewing, the game just begins lagging like crazy. For your own good, just check in on the fight here and there. Don't zoom in on it and try to watch the entire time unless you're okay with waiting a while."
,Recommended,281990,23014744,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KaZumaTree,"A solid space sci-fi 4X strategy by Paradox, complete with their grand strategy flourish, and Paradox's most approachable grand strategy yet.+Consistent visual direction coupled with more-than-serviceable graphical fidelity. One can quite literally zoom into a space battle and watch each ship shoot, maneuver, and more vs the enemy.+Great musical soundtrack that backs up the game in all the right places+Supremely crafted game mechanics and systems that interact and synergize together to create a game that is deep at all levels of play, from micro-managing colonies or ship/station designs to fleet composition, to macro-managing entire sectors of space, the interplay of interstellar politics and diplomacy between races, and more.+Solid introductory tutorial built into the game as you play, that can be set to give you tutorial goals to aim for, give advice and tips only, or be deactivated wholesale.+Paradox's consistent and solid support for their games and for the modding scene, complete with mod kit support. Expect regular (if somewhat sprinkled with long waits) game updates that could alleviate, or outright fix, noted issues below.======-Inconsistency in UI usage flow and seemingly missing features that feel like they should be standard. For example, no auto-explore for science ships. No rally points for ship building. Constuction complete alert doesnt show what exactly is built, just where it is on. Extra clicks to get where you need. Planet list tab also list sectors with their own planets when it really should be broken up into sectors having their own tab, etc.Several solved with 1.3 Heinlein update-Sectors feature (where it is meant to alleviate the need to micromanage more than your core planet limit) seems to act very inconsistently even with recent updates. There is also no option to terraform planets other than removing existing stations above a planet and manually placing a terraforming station before the AI of the Sector replaces the now-removed station.Some work to alleviate this in 1.3 Heinlein update-Base default number of AI on default settings (17) can be a LOT of factions to keep an eye on in the mid- and end-game politics, and can be a big ask on those unfamiliar with Paradox's level of grand strategy between poltical factions. Recommended to start small to get used to the game's core 4x mechanics, then the diplomacy, then moving up."
,Recommended,281990,23012472,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ZapMouse,"So I'm gonna preface this by saying that I am a massive fan of paradox strategy games and I have many many hours into Crusader Kings and Europa UniversalisWhat is Stellaris?Stellaris is 4x space exploration game In which you command a species that has just managed to create some form of faster than light technology and is ready to explore and colonise the stars, as you expand you will find other similar space faring empires with whom you can form alliances with or wage war. You can also research technologies in a quasi-random manner (explained later) and design your own vessels from scratch in the ship designer.I want to start this review off by stating clearly that Stellaris feels unfinished and needs polish. There is room for improvement everywhere from the combat, diplomacy, to the management of your empire. I have over the course of my playthroughs noticed fairly commonly assets appearing where they shouldn't such as the center of the galaxy being a missle, some assets not dissapearing such as the visual effects from the ships FTL drives which at one point lead to me to believe during a war that my opponents fleet was in a entirely different place than where it actually was. Speaking of war, AI is a bit strange during war, allies tend to rush to you and stick to your fleets instead of doing independent activities which is annoying because It means you'll probably have to guide their navies around or they'll end up losing. During lategame crisies such as Invaders from a different dimension the AI doesnt really care to send their fleets to attack their home system, meaning that if you are playing singleplayer you'll probably have to fight them all off yourself and the sectors that you can use to automate parts of your empire really need more options.Now that I've explained that to you lets begin.The planet management I'll go over firstly, planets are based on tiles and citizens work these tiles, some tiles may have a bonus to a certain type of resource like maybe one tile gives +1 Food even though nothing is built upon it, It's very Civilisation like in this manner, requiring a surplus of food to get new citizens and then being able to build farms, mines, research labs, military acadamies ect ect, the number of these tiles depends of the planets size, the size meaning how many there are. There Is nothing particularry wrong with it but there is one minor gripe that I have and that is that planets don't differ in how much minerals they have or how fertile they are. A barren planet is just as good at producing food as a tropical one is which is a bit strange, I first thought that the ""habitability"" of a planet was how fertile it was but actually it's just what the maximum happiness is but aside from that minor gripe I have, I actually had a bit of fun min-maxing planets to do certain goals like minerals or research.Species and empire creation is suprisingly indepth allowing you to create a species and an empire from scratch. You create a species select their appearence from a wide variety of options and give them traits for example one of my games I was playing as a Avian race that was industrious and dilligent at work but were weak at ground combat, then you create their government. You can select their ethics which is basicly what their society believes in. As in, are you millitaristic or pacifists, Spiritualistic or Materialist ect ect. Normally most of the time Empires have 2 ethics one of which is a extreme version of one (EG: Fanatic Pacifist and Individualist but you can have 3 at maximum (Pacifist, Materialistic and Induvidualist to give an example) these change the options during events and give bonuses. Once you have selected your ethics you then select a government type that Is based upon those ethics, So If I picked militaristic I can be a Dictatorship, or  Moral Democracy If I picked Pacifist. There are quite a large number of different government types and I was really surpised by just how many options there were, I mean you even get to choose what the cities look like which are only ever seen when you are looking at the planet overview menu.There is no real goal that the game sets for you to accomplish which is similar to other Paradox titles, instead you set your own goals and try and accomplish them, I personally enjoy to role-play who I am playing as. Which Stellaris lets you do very nicely thanks to it's ethics system, I think the way that ethics work is great for people who like to role-play and I enjoyed playing as a Fanatic Collectivist and Xenophobic hivemind hell bent on the continued existance of my species and mine alone regardless of the cost.. The ethics sytem isnt just good for roleplaying though, as AI empires are randomized It meant that every time I played I never found the same nation or species twice. One game my neighbors were federation builders who wanted to create an alliance with me, the next I was surronded by millitaristic expansionist empires and constantly fought wars and had to prioritize millitary research tech as I tried to survive. I never felt bored when I was starting a new game and I was never in the same situation twice which I absolutely love as it make the game very replayable, although It is worth stating that if you are not role-playing you may end up feeling restricted by the ethics system as It means at certain times you can't do certain things and It may even be a detriment at times.Now research is a bit weird. I mentioned earlier that you can research technologies in a ""quasi-random manner"" and I'm gonna simplify it a tiny bit If you want a indepth explanation then check the Stellaris wiki page. Now. In Stellaris you have 3 areas of technology, Physics, Society and Engineering, now Stellaris doesn't really have a tech tree instead once you have researched a technology 3 new ones appear at random for you to select, at the start of the game some techs are coded to always appear for example the tech that allows you to build colony ships will always appear at the start but past that it is all random but some techs are weighted to appear more than others. Now personally I'm a bit 50-50 on this system because while it does mean that there is alot of varience in terms of what different empires are good or bad at, It meant that quite a few times RNG utterly screwed me and I didnt get any of the techs to build bigger ships which eventually lead to a war and then I entered a death spiral which eventually left me defeated. However you can reduce this RNG through reverse engineering, after a battle, destroyed ships turn into debris and researching it does two things, firstly is adds a percentage of research progress to whatever technology the ship had on it like better missles or shields and secondly makes those techs always avaliable to research, untill they are researched which is a good way of balancing out the RNG aspect.The ship designer is pretty good, you create a ship based on modules called sectors these sectors have inside them differing numbers of slots of differing sizes and It also varies the look of the ships depending on what sectors you have selected for them which Is a nice touch. In general you can add stuff to you ship such as shields, armour, weapons and power supplies. There is only one main issue with the ship designer and that Is that the auto-generated ships tend to be rubbish so It's probably for the best that you design the ships yourself.Apparently I've hit the character limit so here is very brief conclusion.Steam needs neutral reviews. I personally utterly adore Stellaris as It scratches an itch that I've had for a while but at the moment it needs polish and a lot of it. If you want to buy It but are even the slighest bit unsure then wait for the patches and DLC to come in a few months and then determine if it's worth it."
,Recommended,281990,23616877,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Boomstick,"This game is great but is also very flawed. The build up and empire management is enjoyable, my favorite part is serving people in my empire's needs, expanding my galactice empire with colonization, dealing with galactic doomsday events, and also waring for more territory with other empires. Its biggest flaws are in diplomacy, combat, and victory types.Diplomacy is basic and boring, if you've played Civ 5 its about as complex as that except even more limited. You can't see what people can afford from you so you never know why a person is declining a deal unless of course they dislike you. Forming a Federation seems interesting except its basically just an alliance with more restrictions and a shared star fleet. With an alliance you can entice your allies to join a war with planets and stuff. But in a federation you have to be president to declare war and if you aren't then you just sit there twiddling your thumbs.Thats another thing: Mid to late game is exceedingly boring unless you're at war. Because of the limited diplomacy system politics with other empires is boring and the only ways to win are by controlling all the habitable planets or being the dominant empire(you may be able to do this if your alliance/federation does these things but I wouldn't know because getting to that point seems useless and a waste of time). Being pacifist doesn't really get you anything other than the chance for other empires to like you more, but that doesn't really matter when other empires will declare war on you about as often as a cat playing the piano. Ending wars can also be annoying because you can't ask for more even if you have a massive advantage, its either the war goals you set at the begining or only some of them depending on how well you do in the war.Now I've vented about a lot of the problems this game has but here's the good stuff: This game has massive replayablity. Everytime you want to start a new game you can either use the permade empires that come with the game(which are fun parodies of popular sci-fi empires) or create your own species. This species empire gets you ethics, traits(like advantages and disadvantages), ship designs, color schemes, and more. These thing will actually effect the way you play. If you're a pacifist for example and you discover primitives(pre-intersellar travel tech people) you can observe them but your ethic says you cannot interfere with them. Alternatively with other ethics you can just straight up invade and subjugate their people, aggressively observe them(ufo abduction type stuff, this has its own effects on the people) or you can infiltrate their governments and take them over from the inside. This makes for really entertaining gameplay as you do other things.Empire managment is actually enjoyable. You can either give all your planets a good balance of all resources or you can min/max more than a WoW veteran. And in order to make your galactic empire more manageable you can either create districts, which are semi-autonomous regions in your empire, or vassals. These are fully autonomous smaller empires that you can either create by conquering another empire or make using your own territory. They don't give you any resources from what I can tell though so its hard to say how useful one is vs. a district. Factions of dissatisfided citizens can also spring up and if left unchecked they can revolt and try to form their own territory and empire. In my current game I have a lot of factions from constant conquering of other people so my planets are filled with xenomorphs to put down revolts. And yes, I said xenomorphs. You can create different types of armies with different advantages which you'll need when you invade enemy planets.Fleet combat is simple enough to immidately understand but can be complex enough if you really want to do well. Generally, bigger numbers=win but obviously at a cost with both fleets sloging each other. A smarter stragetist will lure other smaller fleets and make it impossible for them to escape, this is very effective later game.Galactic doomsday events are also fun. In mid to late game you or one of the other empires will play with fire and get burnt. It's up to you can the rest of the galaxy to put it out before it gets out of hand and destroys everyone, its a very Independance Day all-countries-getting-together-to-fight-alien-menace type situation and its very enjoyable. I don't want to spoil what can happen so I won't say what they are.Overall: Good game, needs more"
76561198010152936,Recommended,281990,23459959,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lionheart,"I'm giving Stellaris a thumbs up. I have not been a big player of the 4X genre in fact this is the first 4X game that I have really enjoyed. The complexity of these types of games often is the reason I stop playing however the Stellaris tutorial is fantastic and really helps you to understand the game.While Stellaris feels in no way complete or perfect I feel like the aspects of the game it currently has work really well and are enjoyable.Late game can get a bit boring however the early game is a lot of fun, it's really hard to stop playing at times.The mods in the workshop only make this game better.Overall I'll give Stellaris a 7/10. 7.5 if you replace the original music with the Mass effect music mod! :)"
76561198119669277,Not Recommended,281990,32647491,Posted: 22 June,all,Smoovie,"I like the game but stop penny pinching everyone you greedy f*cks. No steam sale either, Paradox get your head out of your @ss and stop your terrible DLC policy already. Everyone is already sick of it so I would suggest you lay off your money grubbing ways."
,Recommended,281990,22890057,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Seanosean,"-Be fanatic xenophile space communists-Enlighten pre-warp civ, incorporate into empire-Slowly convince upset mushroommen to abandon their hateful ways-Human proportion of population decreasing-Everyone is extremely happy-Have aliens from all over the galaxy immigrating to my worlds-Don't even need to declare war10/10 would sing internationale again"
,Recommended,281990,30956389,Posted: 5 April,all,Foz,Quite complex mechanics but once you learn them it's a brilliant game.
76561198126526971,Recommended,281990,30950605,Posted: 4 April,all,Str8Cheeze,"Literally my favorite game of all time, and it keeps getting better with every update."
76561198048562194,Recommended,281990,23123747,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Yutz With The Horse,"As of typing this, I have logged a total of 26 hours of gameplay on Stellaris.I first saw Stellaris on Steam some week ago and was quick to add it to my wishlist due to the single fact that I hoped it would be the 4x RTS space game that I have been waiting for. I only bought the game a few days ago because I started watching some game plays on Youtube.I have to say, this game is everything I was looking for and more. I wanted a game where I could start a space empire and rule the galaxy, and Stellaris is that and everything more. From an enormous 300+ technology hodgepodge (not a tech tree) that you can study throughout your session, to an in depth ship designing page, to an intense foriegn diplomacy tango.The other night as I was playing, I was being beaten down by a powerful opponent who had a much larger navy than I. It was only when my allies came together and helped me defeat them was I savved. The whole experience was very ""anime style fights where the bad guy is beaten by the power of friendship.""The only factor that I really did not like from this game, was the fact that I ended up staying awake 'till 2am two nights in a row. I had to force myself to stop playing. Once you start playing Stellaris you can not stop. I am just glad I did not have work the next day.Highly recommend this game to anyone who is into Civ V, the Total War series, FTL, even Warhammer 40k. It's a whole lot of fun."
76561198028316361,Recommended,281990,23209517,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Spacy Cadette,"This is a great game.  It takes the 4X genera to the next level.  What MOO did to create it, MOO2 did to advance it, and MOO3 did to kill it (and, despite a few solid attempts between then and now, such as GalCiv, StarDrive, Distant Worlds, Space Empires and Endless Space, to name just a few), this game actually revives the entire type of game and turns it from a who can grow the fastest and out-build everybody else into an actual strategy game.Take it with a grain of salt, though.  The game is new, there are some bugs (some still game breaking) and there is a lot of room for improvement.  But, Paradox being Paradox, that is coming, and coming SOON.  Yes, the first two big patches already have a dev diary up, and should be available shortly.  DLC will happen, and it will cost a few bucks, but that also keeps the devs working on the game.I am not going to go into a million details of what is great (or about the current batch of bugs that shipped with release, which is what most of the reviews I am reading are about – as those will soon be fixed), take a look out there, watch a few youtube videos if this game is of interest, and if $$ is an issue, wait for a sale.  I pre-purchased and I will say that I am definitely not disappointed, and I now have a much higher standard that I would expect all future 4x games to live up to."
76561198205940007,Recommended,281990,23080844,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,x_X_N_o_i_c_e_B_o_a_t_X_x,"All seemed well, my collectivist, slave making, genocidal master race was doing awesome. I purged many of the peasant alien races one by one, and anyone else who dared to speak against me, even my fleet admirals and scientists (ok they don't actually do that ingame but I take my roleplaying srsly gais). The majority of the galaxy was mine, only two factions left.There was the empire west of the galactic center, they lost many colonies, but they hadn't lost their will to resist. There was also another empire to the east of the galactic center, secluded by a Nebula. Because I am pretty much a God, I attack both at the same time. The battle against the western empire resulted in a loss, their coordinated point defence systems had my missles on lockdown, something which I did not anticipate. My laser equipped ships did enough damage to halt any sort of immediate follow up strike, but the remainder of my fleet required extensive repairs after initiating an emergency tacticool runawaywarp. The war in the east was even worse. The Nebula cloud slowed down my FTL warp travel, and because I decided to split the fleet into many fleetlings and attack from all sides, the jumps were very poorly coordinated. One fleetling jumped in after another had been completely obliterated by their defence platforms and ships. It was painful to watch, but then it hit me. Watching my severly underpowered 2K fleetings get their FTL drives stuck up their crewmen excrement ejector by 15K+ fleets reminded me of my galactic genocidal conquest.I bought this game to play, but I ended up feeling instead when I realised that I had pretty much been roleplaying Stalin's third reich of the rising sun. Tears streaked down my eyes as I watched my empire slowly break apart. This is what it felt like to have things taken away from you, to have your people enslaved by other people. One by one colonies fell, people rebelled and my leaders at the ripe young age of 200 years old began dying. I just sat there, staring at my home planet. Earth was beautiful, her deep blue oceans and earthy earth was the envy of the galaxy. My will to fight had been reignited.I rapidly built many defence platforms around the Sol system, made new battleships specifically designed to defend the OG waifu, Earth, and hired new fleet admirals. Then... I waited. (This is the part where they stopped trying to kill me out of empathy but I made them want to kill me again because it would be a cooler story). Sure enough, they came. Missles flew, cannons spewed, lasers pierced the darkness, and joint fighters filled the spaces inbetween as the defence of Sol became a reality. Wave after wave of ships forced me into learning how to micro-manage seperate ships to coordinate repairs, upgrades and tacticool decisions in order to fight at full efficiency. The waves would not stop, the fighting continued for several years, until finally they destroyed one of the defence platforms and punctured a hole in my inpenetrable wall. It set off a chain reaction, my wall began to crumble, until there was only the Earth ground defence army left. Huge fleets moved in and bombarded Earth with no remorse. Invasion fleets creeped in after the big bois and landed on her soil. With our fortifications destroyed and moral at an all time low, she fell in a matter of weeks.I had lost not only the game, but my heart as well. At that point I decided to go to bed. It was 5AM, and I cried myself to sleep, not because I had an important ethics test which I didn't study for the next day, but because of this game. :'(/10, never roleplaying again."
,Recommended,281990,23462159,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Mantis,"First off, alittle about me is I love RTS games in general. Been playing them since I was about 6 years of age or less and they still have countless hours of my life dedicated to them. The company behind Stellaris has already a fantastic lineup of amazing games they have released over the years which are full proof amazing RTS's you cannot go without.That being said, Stellaris is no exception. Most of the reviews on here seem bland as they talk about the lack of updates or things to do mid game, but with how many options there are in the game already people need to use their minds and just create their own events. Maybe enlighten a hostile proto race, get two people to go to war, create new races and different socioeconomic sectors etc etc. Just because the game doesn't have literal events later on does not mean it's not worth it. Name one RTS that literally has events the entire time that are unique and randomly generated that aren't super short games.They even pledged to keep releasing updates to it over time for free instead of making people purchase for DLC and other stupid things that I think people are just too relaxed with. They are a godsend and this game has already taken a huge part of my day away from me each day and I don't regret it.Specifically I like how this game is not just a Overcome and swallow game but more of a diplomacy and exploration/Overcome/Swallow game. It's all how someone plays it. Have not found too many scifi RTS games that focus on the bigger picture rather than just the combat aspect of space empires etc etc."
,Recommended,281990,23345861,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ikarrus,"110 hours in and still on my first game....Stellaris is my first Paradox game and I've found that it manages to scratch so many itches at once that I wouldn't have imagined possible. To me, it's this perfect blend of Strategy, Simulation. and Roleplaying: a combination of all my favourite genres.Sure, it's still very rough around the edges, but the core experience of the game amazed me so much I didn't really care. Paradox is still releasing regular content patches to make up for this, so things can only get better. For example, the most recent patch at this time (Clarke) did a huge number of improvements to the AI and warfare."
76561198140107977,Not Recommended,281990,24291589,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,rehen,"While  many aspects of this game such as the ship designing, exploring, varied races, and colony building are highly enjoyable, there are deal breaking flaws.  Fleet combat is not keyboard smashing frustration, but fleet engaging is just pathetic.  I have tried to defend my systems with fleets, stations, even multiple stacked Fortresss on Hyperlane only games just to try to find any way to stop or even slow down an incoming fleet.  All useless.  I have seen other reviews liken it to a game of ""whackamole"", and I find the description spot on.  Invading fleets blow by any and all obstacles (untouched) and then rampage through your vulnerable inner worlds, while you try to send your fleets after them and catch them.  Which often requires you to have several fleets of equal size to their one.  Then they just exit out, once again ignoring your very expensive fortresses at the hyperlane gates and just leave.  But don't you dare try the same to them, your ships have a hyperdrive cooldown time, and will be wiped out before they can retreat.  Until this is fixed, this game is useless."
,Recommended,281990,26153453,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,johncarl10,It is a AWESOME GAME I recomend buying it
,Not Recommended,281990,32539980,Posted: 18 June,all,Quizzer,I like Paradox's games but I'm tired of their DLC policy. Not buying anything until it changes.
76561198048508369,Not Recommended,281990,32485380,Posted: 16 June,all,Mucante,why you increase price paradox :Ci will keep it negative till its lowered back to its original price.
,Not Recommended,281990,32829615,Posted: 26 June,all,Wolf Green,"Look, Its not like I don't love the game, I do. In every single way. But Paradox Interactives buissness practices are a spit in the face to gamers everywhere. This company is so blinded by greed they keep raising their prices when in reality they should be lowering them. (Due to depretiation and general free market values of currancy)Not only that but they raised the base price of the game before summer sale equaling out the old standard price. This buissness practice in its entirety WILL sink their overall trust in our community and most likely their bottom line income. And it has caused me to think heavily on weather or not ANY game or DLC in the future by them will be worth my money. And I assure you, Until this practice of over inflating market prices ends, Then sorry Paradox, Your games aren't worth it for me, nor many others in this community."
76561198031310904,Recommended,281990,22898373,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,thunder_wolf_44,"Great game, go and buy it"
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,281990,24732375,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MoonLite,"Cannot recommend, game has good ideas. Like Roleplay, 4X, RTS hybrid. Features and executions is sloppy at least. Generally must be extensively modded to be enjoyed because vanilla features are just plain bad such as the combat balance, the tech balance, the diplomacy balance, and a few more. On the plus side you can mod this game to death. On the down side, each mod greatly affects game performance even on slightly above average rigs."
76561198056667206,Not Recommended,281990,32661203,Posted: 22 June,all,21st Rct. Nabex78,DLC is killing Paradox.
76561198010048802,Recommended,281990,23209483,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,larrylovesyou,"Well crap, this game has basically ruined me for other 4X games.  Thanks Paradox"
,Not Recommended,281990,24254232,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ted Cruz is a patriot [No Mic],"So bad I had to write a review. Sectors are broken, ship AI is broken, AI diplomacy is broken. Late game has little to no game play other than building fleets and lagging through battles. Whole sections of tech are literally worthless; defensive structures are paper thin and completely not worth building for example. All in all it's terribly balanced with terrible mechanics and just... it's just terrible. This is the worst Paradox game I've ever played....I've played nearly every paradox game to be released, and this is by FAR the worst. Zoft ruined EU4 with his dumbass Coalition system and it took him being moved to Stellaris for that to be fixed, and now he's ruined an entire new game with his♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics. Why he was project lead on this is beyond me, and what's even more surprising is that after all his terrible design choices he still has a job."
76561198028349151,Not Recommended,281990,32423528,Posted: 14 June,all,Billy1928,"While the game is for the most part fun, it does not have much in the way of replayability. After one or two playthroughs you know what to expect and are just going through the motions.The DLCs, while they do add content, it's for the most part just fluff rather than adding depth to the game.The one part I really enjoyed was playing a game with friends over LAN, the Co-Op helps bring some variation to the game, but the mechanics are not really suited for multiplayer.At the moment I can not recommend this game, but Paradox keeps development going long after release so that may change in the future."
,Recommended,281990,23419876,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dudeman Guyfella,"This game has to easily be the best game Paradox has put out. I *love* Civilization, and I've been playing it since I was in High School on a 286. Pair that with my love of Star Trek, which I've been watching since I could crawl - and you have Stellaris.I feel like this game deserves such a more well written review, but that literally is what it is - Civilization meets Galactic Exploration/War/Diplomacy - aka Civilization: Star Trek.If you love Star Trek, and love Civilization - BUY THIS GAME!My first night I played a 13 hour game session, and the next day I hit 21 hours easily."
76561198036158227,Not Recommended,281990,34485242,Posted: 25 August,all,Stakeout666,"The graphics on this game are fantastic, no doubt. Furthermore, the customization mechanics are also great, and with an immersive galaxy there are always things to explore no matter how many hours you have already played.However, i will not recommend this game. This is because i feel that paradox could have done so much more with it.One problem with this game is how the AI always stay ahead of you in technology. Whilst this isnt necessarily a problem for experienced players, beginners will struggle to keep up and unlike previous paradox games, if you start off behind, it is unlikely you will ever catch up as the AI will continue to build up their technology at the same rate (or faster) than you.Another problem with this game is the lack of variety in ways to play it. Trade is especially disappointing in stellaris, being simplified to the extent of trade in total war games. This is most noticeable when you compare the trade mechanics in stellaris to those in EU4, in which trade and how it influences the economy is explored in depth. Furthermore, if your galactic empire is to be successful, you will have to maintain a large navy; the largest navy in fact. There is a constant arms race going on in stellaris, and the only real way to win the game is to have a bigger fleet than everyone else. Also, the AI will have all their ships in 1 big fleet, meaning that you will have to as well. This leads to wars essentially consisting of one big space battle taking place between the two belligerants; whoever wins that battle will almost certainly win the war as the loser will be unable to defend their worlds. This means that there is very little if any strategy involved in war, since it will take you a VERY long time to rebuild your fleet by which time the victor will conquer all the losers worlds. This, as well as battles being un-manageable (like previous paradox games) makes warfare (the only way to succeed in the game) very boring, especially in the late game.Despite its amazing potential, stellaris fails to hit the mark as a truly revolutionary game, and i cannot recommend it until it does it's predecessors justice by developing upon previous mechanics."
76561198032979746,Recommended,281990,23158134,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,carpath.ian,"I have played this game more than any other right from the start because it has been very entertaining and once I started to figure out what was happening it got even better.  I have restarted about 12 times because I wanted to try variations on traits and personalities but I like the universe I am in this time so I might finish in this one although I think it will take some time.  It is fun colonizing planets and negotiating (or killing) your alien neighbors.  I was collecting life forms but I new I needed border access to a neighbor to get the last one.  They weren't willing to let me in but my allies declared war on them and when we won I could send my science ship in to get it :)Clearing out monsters and keeping your economy balanced takes a bit of work but it is fun and keeps you thinking.  I almost saved a planet from deadly plants that started out making my colonists happier by ""co-existing"" with them until they mutated and turned the planet into a toxic wasteland.  So sad for the colonists...I really like the game so far and will keep playing it for some time.The steam achievements only seem to work on ironman hmm oh well I don't care so much maybe later...  Check out youtube Stellaris Blorg.  If you like what you see then you will like this game.Update over 100 hours still playing...  Asteroids are much easier to stop when you have a massive fleet instead of three corvettes busy running around doing other stuff.  Many empires have joined our federation.  Many others are fearful.  Some we have eased the fear by vassalizing >:)   Now they do what I want.  Never have enough energy credits still lots of planets to colonize.  Still having fun.One thing that would be nice would be if there were some differences to races other than the pictures.  Basically you can make any race do any thing-it might be more fun to pick a race and see how that works for you with a predefined trait (and encounter them in the game).  All races are the same no matter what they look like though.Still only a minor issue really.  Might add to this later-going to play now!Update:  Empire now spans almost half the galaxy.  Every so often we find someone to have a border skirmish with (either when I am Federation President to make another vassal  or when one of my other fed members becomes aggressive).  Major problems energy drain from massive infrastructure and fleet size (almost 100k altogether) draining over 214 energy per month after allowing for all my income.  Fortunately there are other empires with extra energy that kinda say they like me (possibly because I vassalized them...).  I think the big problem is this huge fleet though.  Hmm what to do about that?  Suddenly a huge dimensional rift opened up with nasty aliens that want to eat everybody.  I have a plan for all these extra ships now.  Maybe I won't have to pay so much maintenance if the aliens wreck some...The mid and end game needs work though.  I played this a long time and I really did like it but once you have the power to take on a Fallen Empire then you keep fighting people and getting a little bit further.  Win wars and you can vassalize or annex a few planets but it takes A LONG TIME to win a military victory.  I didn't enjoy the end game as much but I played to finish to see what would happen.  Eventually I terraformed most of the planets in my controlled area and won a colonization victory but there were no flashy victory screens and I felt like it was okay but I didn't really get moved by the ending or even get a nice reward screen saying I was the greatest commander the United Nations of Earth every had etc etc... (and really race makes NO DIFFERENCE at all play whatever you like they are all the same).For different playstyles you can pick three different types of faster than light travel (I like the hyperdrive the best and didn't bother trying wormholes yet although they are pretty fast I guess once you set them up.  Also you can choose starting lasers, projectile, or missile weapons.  Those are your major starting differences.I might play this again later, it is a good game and fun at the start for sure.  I think I got my money's worth but I don't like being so limited by influence that you have to ration what you do or set systems free just so you can recover influence and repeat and repeat.  Having negative influence when you control 30% of the galaxy seems unrealistic to me.I still recommend this game but nothing at the moment will be something you can play forever without eventually getting bored I guess."
76561198007398743,Recommended,281990,23158141,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,rcy005,"This is a cautious recommend.Like most Paradox games there is a ton of possibility waiting to be unlocked by piles of DLC. I don't know if they do this on purpose or just throw a half-baked idea out there and see where the players ask for things to be filled in later. The ability to create a race is neat but doesn't seem to make much difference that I've seen since you can pick any type of race and the traits which create the modifiers are available to any race whether a cat person or a fungus person.The AI players are incredibly passive and their war strategy boils down to making a huge fleet and launching it at you. If you can beat that giant fleet you win every time and they will just spend the rest of the war sending ships at you piecemeal as they complete them and you can just go planet to planet picking off the enemy where you want. The AI is also quite happy to surrender after a few setbacks I've yet to see one fight to anything like a proper ending.You are allowed to conquer only so many planets after that limit it goes to the AI controlled sectors that the AI can't properly manage you will be reduced to tears as you watch how poorly a job the AI does with your conquered/colonized planets.Ship designer is pick parts A,B,C and not nearly as awesome as the designer in Galactic Civilizations.Diplomacy is worthless and the AI basically greets you when you discover them and then ignores you until war is declared.Okay enough complaining what doesn't suck?The random events are pretty neat.Your colonists will gradually evolve on their own forming new factions or even literally evolving into distinct races on their own and leading to infighting which will destroy buildings or lead to race wars costing countless lives.The research tree is clever you pretty much get the same techs each game but they are unlocked in different orders so you can't just rush the same techs every game since some are offered earlier or later (even MUCH later) than others each time.You can replace your people with robots that will happily toil on ice covered worlds without complaining like your lazy organic subjects do.You can move populations from planet to planet or launch a genocide to purge less cooperative factions or races you've conquered that don't appreciate your rule. Bird people not digging your fungus despotism? Kill 'em all. Replace them with robots.There is much to like but much that is awful or not quite there if you want a fully fleshed out alternative to Galactic Civilizations (my benchmark for space 4X goodness) this isn't it. In time I think this game will give Galactic Civilizations a run for their money but at this point it is a ""meh"". A good ""meh"" but still a ""meh""."
,Recommended,281990,23000010,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kujila,"Literally the only space 4x game I can play and enjoy in the ever-growing, saturated game market of 4x space games.  The launch has a handful of bugs, but that can be said of any Paradox title.  Just realize that Paradox is good at supporting their games, so these bugs will get addressed sooner than later.  With the positive critical response this game is receiving, get ready for loads of DLC in the near future (I expect this to be as big/mainstream as CK2 is/was). Also, it's mod friendly (Steam workshop).  Overall, buy it.  Buy it if you like space 4x games.  Buy it if you like Civ.  Buy it if you like Paradox grand strategy titles.  If you can only own one space 4x game, this should be it."
76561197990892394,Recommended,281990,26153447,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Patrul081,Love game. Finaly some good game came out. Plenty review read from others
76561198025068645,Recommended,281990,23115268,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[REDi]1R SGT Brado,"Better than all the 4X games I have ever played, seen or heard of.  This grand strategy brings the ingenius story telling of Crusader Kings II and the empire management of Europa Universalis IV to space.Highly moddable, incredible AI, multiplayer and cross platform this is how games should be made.Buy it, join the fun, and..Make Space Great Again!v1.2 improves mid-game and diplomacy"
76561198025092371,Not Recommended,281990,25278280,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,AutumnLeaves,"The game is alright, but currently lacking in character and can be quite bland.It's not terrible, but really needs more ways to interact with your empire, it's leaders and citizens, and the neighbouring empires."
76561198102906733,Recommended,281990,33864566,Posted: 28 July,all,Spartan Brute,"If you like space and grand strategy then get this game. At times its hard and others its easy, sometimes you want the fastest speed sometimes you want the slowest. I found this game and was hooked before i even got it if you dont like it no harm done just return it but i dont think many people will."
76561198007266835,Not Recommended,281990,26186027,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Truth,"Don't get me wrong, this is a brilliant game! I love it! But I hate it...There is so much it gets right but so much it gets wrong too. I was hoping the latest patch 1.3 was going to fix a lot of the issues but all it did was swap them out for new ones, the latest of which is the game highlights which planets on the galaxy map you can colonise with a good habitability, until you build a robot, and then it tells you every planet is a good habitability planet (even though you can't build robot settlers to begin with). It seems a small thing but this coupled with other issues like, to remove a system from a sector costs 25 influence, even if you misclick one in, means the game feels buggy and not reallly out of Beta yet. Also, if you have a strategic resource in one sector (to buff a ships attack for example) that resource is limited to that sector, so it's not much good to you away from the front line shipyards.The galaxy creation settings are quite limited I've found, the difficulty settings start from medium and go to insane so there's no room for casuals here, the distance from capital happiness penalties have also been increased, and the list goes on. Don't forget the stupid AI that will fly a civilian ship straight through through the 800 power fleet rather than flying around the edge of the system to avoid it.If you, like me, can overlook these features for the rest of the game and are happy to babysit it and endure the bad points then you'll be happy with the purchase but otherwise it's not worth the price tag right now or the foreseeable future.There is a brilliant modding community right now and the developers are actively working on it correcting things that shouldn't have been in the game to begin with.The empire management is great, the tabs and windows and information is all accessible and easy to access, building and planning is easy to do and the AI of your sectors isn't half bad, research is fun and unpredicatable so you can't just build a great library to win because you may not get the research you need come up. There are so many original ideas in this game that other games are now picking up on and adding to their own series."
,Not Recommended,281990,32409657,Posted: 14 June,all,Nexgrato,I really wanted to like this game. I love other games Paradox puts out and I love 4x space games. This is kind of boring. It has moments of excitement but it is boring. For the longest time I thought I was doing something wrong and that is why I was so bored. I will give this another shot again and I like the concepts but I cant recommend this.
76561198037344869,Not Recommended,281990,30421232,Posted: 9 March,all,87th jjvoodoo,"i have over 100 hours in this game and can say while its a good formula this is not a finished game, a lot of the Event Chains are broken and cant be done/finished and its very poorly optimized, dont even bother trying to play on a larger galaxy because in mid/late game your FPS will drop to unplayable levels even on high end computers. TLDR its a buggy, unoptimized, unfinished mess."
,Not Recommended,281990,29540058,Posted: 28 January,all,tzaeru,"I'm a huge fan of Paradox Games. I've put hunderds -  even thousands - of hours into CK2 and HoI2 and many others of their games. When I first heard of Stellaris, it sounded like a dream come true; finally a grand strategy space game in the way that only Paradox makes strategy games!As such I really wanted to like the game. Truly, I wanted to find things to love in it.But I can't. The game is, simply put, boring. It's a combination of turn based and real time strategy games and roleplaying games, but it doesn't shine in any of these genres. Hearts of Irons have amazing strategical depth, which makes those games interesting. Crusader Kings 2 has less strategy, but it has awesome emergent gameplay from its roleplaying elements.Stellaris does none of that. There's no real deep strategy to it; you learn the optimal colony spamming strategies and whatnot in mere few hours. There's not much of a tactical element either; the tactical AI will prove zero challenge to you. Plus, the best tactic is simply having the bigger numbers, that's it. There's an attempt at a rock-paper-scissor system in dealing and deflecting damage, but it's so streamlined that it could just as well not be there at all.The roleplaying elements are sorely lacking. Yes, you can design your own species, but the choices are really not as diverse as I was led to believe. You develop no relationship with any of the members of your species, as they have no personality and no individual say to anything. Diplomacy with other factions is extremely predictable and based pretty much solely on how the traits of species interact.Most of the game is you putting it to 3x speed and just waiting for things to happen, things that happened in the last game just the same.In summation, it feels like Stellaris tries to be a combination of real time strategy, turn based strategy and roleplaying, but fails to do any of those aspects well. Stellaris is a game that has vision for what it could be, but no vision for how it could achieve its ambitious goals.Generally, I don't recommend the game. There simply are much better alternatives to it."
76561198192893105,Not Recommended,281990,26474999,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Super Mano,"This game has an huge potential, really huge: limited only by the developer's imagination.Unfortunately at the moment the game lacks in content: the first game, especially the first dozen of hours, looks great. But when you play it a second time you discover that you have already seen most of the events! I think that in all my games (but one) I have met the annoying space pirates: the first time is “Wow!”, the second time you know already that you need at least 6 corvettes to win easily, after that it becomes just a chore. The huge galaxy becomes hugely boring.On top of this the UI is far from perfect: for example it lacks common features like a list/report with our ships (useful to decide what to build) or a list/report with all our space stations (useful to know exactly what is being built). The idea of the AI managing your sectors in theory is good but currently is badly implemented: the AI under performs and you cannot overseed it.So my suggestion, if you like this kind of game, is to wait a couple of years or that 5/6 paid DLC are out, before to buy it (of course during a sale!)."
76561197990406172,Not Recommended,281990,31324964,Posted: 23 April,all,Troubleshooter,"I'm not sure how much alchohol is required to make this game fun, but I'm pretty sure that what ever level that is, its also fatal.Pro's : Top notch Sci-Fi stuff happing.  Honestly, if they didn't have this to read, I would have noticed how bad that game was within the refund period.  Its genuinely entertianing, no joke.Con's: Everything else.  Space combat is run by AI, Tactics are entirely based on exploiting AI OCD, and then only by running your decoy fleet around in circles while your main fleet does its thing.  The empire building is only micro-managed up to a point where you are required to turn over large sections of your empire to the AI... not influenced by the player, just AI run. (FUN!) War is based on making demands, then negotiation of peace through being a bigger pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥than your AI enemy... but victory will often be achieved by your AI sector commanders just auto-colonizing enough planets to win the game.  Winning a game of stellaris ia about as climactic as seeing an ""achievement unlocked"" pop-up after days of suffering with one of the worst UI's every foised upon gamers.I do not understand how people can upvote this game.  It has heart, its got a good core idea, but it's implimentation is just soooooooooo boring."
76561198030693229,Not Recommended,281990,23262313,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,chadandbrandyjohnson,"I hate to write a negative review, but in this game's current state, I just don't find it enjoyable.  I realize it's a grand strategy game and not a war game, but winning wars is tedious to say the least.  In the current build, the path to victory is pump out all the corvettes you can support and swarm the enemy fleet.  That's what they're going to go ahead and do.  Anything larger is really a waste.As far as the game in general, it's slow.  REALLY slow.  If you've ever played a Paradox style game before, I guess you'll like this.  I do not.  You'll wait many long minutes for something, ANYTHING, to happen.  There's a building for minerals, one for energy, and one for science.  There's some unique buildings thrown in the mix but overall, that's it.  Pretty dull and repetitive to me.  The crises and events that can spring up are ok but nothing you haven't seen done better in GalCiv.If you like Paradox games, you may love this one.  If you don't, I advise you to think very hard about spending your money here."
76561198039819034,Not Recommended,281990,29961528,Posted: 16 February,all,Hanekem,"I have about 24hs on this game and I gotta say, I am disappointed.This game is so full of interesting concepts marred by weird design choices. It might grow to be what I'd consider a great game, but not without a serious rework of some parts of the game.I mean, the exploration minigame? funBut...Let me explain.t's start with the planets.Planets in Stellaris are little but glorified resource bases. You have a number of slots pr planet, the slots have some naturally occurring resource that you might want t exploit with an extraction facility (or not), the resource can be energy, minerals, research or food (and the latter is local exploitation only), you can't move resources between planets, but that is ok because THERE IS NO INDUSTRY. Yes there are some happiness/habitability buildings (but happiness,  has little effect on the tile yield) and a few other misc buildings that, the best they can do is increase the resource cap or the local forces (at least that I've seen thus far)Things get built in an arbitrary time, no mater the planet habitability, the development of the planet or its population.Buildings are magicked, without rime or reason and it gets worse.The orbital industry is abstracted as a spaceport that, again, takes the same time to be built in your coreworld or in the most further out, half forgotten colony.Spaceports build your spaceships, simple enough, but again the build time of these is arbitrary (for military ships you can reduce the time by having the proper facility at the spaceport) but they can only build one ship at the same time AND if you queue multiple hulls the mineral cost gets deducted up front for all of them (something that makes queuing annoying micro/pointless but more of this latter on)So, you will never have to juggle in the development of your planets, no Industry vs. Pollution ala MOO or have to handle with crime or have more pops than food and ship in the difference.All planets are dreadfully alike and don't seem to be very alive, if at all.Moving on, then we have the Star System, they are surprisingly barren, When I said colonies were your resource bases I wasn't kidding, most systems have only a few resource locations and they pale in comparison to what a planet can generate. Here we have the first issue of inconsistency in the game. See, most stars don't even generate energy for you to build a mine (solar collector facility?) but if you have a spaceport in system you might be able to equip, at the spaceport, a solar array module that provides you a flat +5 energy, never mind the kind of star or the distance from the planet or the yield of the mine build around said starMines/research facilities are simplistic, they work and add their yield to the respective pools, but they have no pop in them, deliver their yields instantly and you can't even design them/upgrade them (so not only is their initial yield their only yield, but they are very, very fragile and there is nothing you can do about it) Yes, you can add system defense stations (of different sizes) but those? you can't upgrade and their range and effectivity is limited at best, might be enough to buy time to your fleets to arrive, but it is only an expensive speed-bump.Pops are, in my opinion, one the biggest let down in Stellaris. they are limited and simplistic. I was not expecting a pop as complex as Victoria, but what we got is... cardboard.Starting with the fact that pops are either there, growing or fully developed. They don't fluctuate in size, and if present (assuming a reasonable Happiness) they will work the tile assigned to its fullest potential. Ethic drift is an interesting idea and it works, but it is the only thing that might make a pop interesting but there is nothing to it. Factions that the pops can be part of have very, very little variety, so far I've only seen independentists, looking for idnependence either for your sectors, or your subjugated species, there is no ""change govt type"" or ""want to go to war with X"" or ""Make peace with Y"" or ""we want this policy changed"" they seem to have next to no agenda and that is a pity, I was looking forward having to juggle the pops opinions once my empire got big enough...Pops are planet-bound and have little effect on the galaxy at large, actually they are a hindrance to research, apparently the more pops the higher are the costs of the techs being researched.Sectors. Paradox sold us sectors as a way to deal with the tedious micro (that they saddled planets with) it is an interesting mechanic, but... it falls short. First the AI has, currently, issues with working the sector planets anywhere near efficient (it has a tendency to shuffle pops from big yield tiles to lesser yield tiles of the same kind, or assigning slaves to work at tiles they are ill suited for) Worse, you can interact with the sectors only in the most basic of ways assigning a type of priority to the sector (but can't ask for a balanced option) and, for instance , cant insure the planets in sector have all Frontier Clinics and with as rubbish is the AI at building up sectors, the ability of assigning more direct orders wouldn't be amiss (even at an increased mineral cost or at an additional influence value or some other consequence at micromanaging your governors as you see fit)See, this is the thing, we all have different micromanagement thresholds and this is not only about the quantity of micro, but of the types. some people enjoy microing more than others, so instead of doing as Distant Worlds did and giving us the ability to choose how much micro we would go for, they set up arbitrary numbers which, while they can work for a multiplayer game, the singleplayer experience is my chief interest and, yes, this can be modded, but it is not a straightforward thing of simply modding the coreworld limit, there are governments that increase coreworld count and techs that do the same, and the latter two needs to be modified in such a way that the former offers something to the player, while the latter needs to be changed or removed. So, yes MODS can do it, but they will lack the polish that Paradox could have given the mechanic.Going back to Sectors, they are inconsistent. See you can only have a handful of directly controlled core worlds... Sectors have no such limitation and while it is probably not a good idea to make the sectors too big , they have no ill effect from being huge.As the game progresses and you start to unlock other colonizable worlds (especially those that are close to your race preferred type), so more and more planets can be colonized, making sectors bigger and bigger by colonizing within your borders, this makes me think that the current Coreworld set up is less than agile, core systems would have been much, much better for long term.Thing is, I should be enticed to use the Sector System, not forced, I should have quantifiable advantages in designing a sector and including systems into them, instead I have penalties if I don't do so and I hate being coerced because reasons.Ships, The current slot system feels rather restrictive, you can choose to use better engines but, never can change the % of mass the engines occupy or the ships RCS thursters (Engine manages both speed and agility in this game, so FAST=Agile), It works but it feels lame and could use deep (since we can't command the battles, we might as well optimize our ships to its fullest) Range of the ships is unlimited, assuming you can jump to the next system (which can be an issue in some maps) you can go as far from your furthest port, for as long as you like, without ill effects. this affects all your ships , even colony ships, so you can have colonies all over the place, with no ill effect.Hell it can even be advantageous to box in rival empires.And I am out of space. Bottom line? wait for the expansions and even then it is not certain they will fix Core design Issues"
76561198202415721,Recommended,281990,22892208,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Calientei キラービー,">Start game as fungoloid mushroom species>Have a generally good start with resources near me>Eventually look to colonize on some outer planets>Find one with 80% probability of success>Send the colony ship>Get the pop set up with work on tiles>Get a prompt that ""several cities have collapsed underground"">♥♥♥♥ me>Research why this is happening>""Sir we have detected an underground species drilling to the surface"">I'm given two choices>Bomb the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them or establish communications>Flashbacks to E-Day>My people are smart, not warriors>Decided to reach out instead of slaughtering them>""We never knew life was possible beyond the great layer, lets be friends!"">Gift me 200 minerals fairly early on>♥♥♥♥ yea Locusts, thanks>More time passes on my galactic mushroom conquest>""Sir the undeerground primatives are in awe of our advanced weapons, they ask to be taught and gifted on how to use them"">""Gifting them this scares our generals, as it would make them harder to defeat if an uprising should happen"">♥♥♥♥ yea give em the guns! They're my ♥♥♥♥ing bros>inb4 they murdered my people from underground>inb4 I should of listened to my mushroom general10/10 would play Gears of War again"
,Recommended,281990,23025968,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,jacksonio22 I CSGOBlocks.com,Great game! This is a good example of what Civ: Beyond Earth should've been like. Definitely worth the 40 dollars.
,Recommended,281990,22900718,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,thrAsher,"A fantastic strategy title by all counts, merges 4X and Grand Strategy into a hybrid that has more character than a lot of games of either ilk. The UI is a joy, events and anomalies are fun to interact with, most actions can be done from the galaxy map (which can be set to give you all the info you need at a glance), graphics are clean and pleasing, alien portraits are weird and wonderful, the AI is a notch above that in similar titles, and there is just enough customization to give Stellaris legs for days.That said, you can sort of feel the holes in the game. No robust trade system, no spying or subterfuge, combat is basically a numbers game (you have a bigger fleet = you win), and while the research system is unique, it feels somewhat 'thin' as far as upgrades go. All said, this is a Paradox title, and with such a successful launch, I am sure we will get plenty of DLC down the road.For the price of admission, you really cannot go wrong if you are a strategy fan or a sci fi nerd. I bought the game the day pre-releases opened and was downloading it the second it was available. Pretty much have played every waking hour since. Hugely rewarding game and far more accessible than other Paradox titles. I'm impressed, and eager to see what they bring next, and what modders have planned, of course.Sober Addendum to Review After 30+ Hours: While I am not changing my recommendation, I do think that Stellaris is a buy only if you understand that it is fun and unique, if somewhat broken right now. There are incomplete features, a boring and somewhat broken mid and end game, and while a great time at first, with enough play time you may start to see the cracks in the facade. I already see myself not playing as much until things like sectors, quest chains, warscore goals, and the mid/late game get some much needed attention. There is a great game somewhere in Stellaris, but that game could very well be months away and partially placed behind DLC pay walls."
76561198045057179,Recommended,281990,22897404,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,alex,"I'm 6 hours into my first play through as a Human military dictatorship and I'm very impressed! If you're a fan of the Masters of Orion series, you'll find a lot to like here. The spirit of those games lives here, but there are also a lot of parellels with modern 4x games. Stellaris feels like the rightful successor to Masters of Orion 2. The traditional ""Paradox"" learning curve in games like Europa Universalis or Crusader Kings doesn't apply to Stellaris. The game's UI is seemless but I highly recommend playing through the tutorial.Combat is enaging and there's no shortage of random aliens to dust it up with. Going up against other empires can be costly unless you have a clear technological and naval advantage. The diplomacy is very similar to Civ 4 or 5, but I've noticed a couple of glitches on the trade screen that I hope gets cleaned up in the coming weeks.Based on my early game impressions, if you're into space exploration and empire building games, you should definitely give Stellaris a shot."
,Recommended,281990,22960029,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Luftwafl,"-Start as militatantly individual materialist mushroom men.-Try to link up with friend but he mixes up east and west, expands wormholes the wrong direction but find 11 mineral system.-Start encountering other empires, steamroll them all with hyperaggressive tag team.-Meet fallen empire and suddenly turn into federation building shroom bros.-Get bored and start waging large scale alliance wars while trying to find another ally to see what federations do.-Friend turns in for the night and points out we've been playing for 8 hours.-It's OK, I give it a 10."
,Recommended,281990,22892975,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Karl (Chariot),"It's a amazing framework for the best space strategy game of our time. It still lacks in some departments, but given that this is a Paradox game, we will get a lot of major expansions, patches and support in the next years that adds everything that is missing. But even now, it's already a wonderful game with amazing writing. If you like Grand Strategy, 4x or Space, you should buy this. Don't hold back, throw money at Paradox like it's saturday night in the strip club."
,Recommended,281990,23100020,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lt_Stash,"Beautiful Soundtrack, gorgeous visuals, indepth civilization creation, Workshop support, real time movement and decision making. Sins of a Solar Empire has been replaced. Semi-custom Ship Designs, multiple weapons tech paths and the ability to study enemy tech from ships you defeat allow for amazing fluidity with you fleet and your tactics. Anomilies will keep you interested in exploring the galaxy even long after you have won the game. If you are a Sins fan you will surely enjoy this game."
76561198001947220,Recommended,281990,23099245,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Olona,This game will be amazing once they patch it. It is hugely broken at the minute in areas.Slavery is insanely OP with massive gains for easily sorted downsides.Only viable ship class is Corvette with max evade build. This fleet smashes all others in the game including high tech battleships.No espionage in game as of yet. User interface is clunky & loads of other balancing issues.The core game is ace and is made by a great developer who will sort this out. I still recomend the game but if your not fussed wait for a price drop and patches.
76561198043268074,Recommended,281990,22890217,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Socialist_Mayhew,"Preface - I feel like anyone who would read this review as an unbiased, objective look on Stellaris and make use of it to decide whether or not the game is worth the purchase should know that I am a long time fan of Paradox Development and their previous games. Stellaris is definitely a game that you will enjoy if you enjoyed past Paradox games and are fine with waiting on updates and buying future DLC to enhance an already solid gaming experience. At that time Stellaris has had enough patches and updates over the course of a year I will gladly give it my 9/10, but since that has not happened yet, I rank it 7/10 with a positive tone. Behold, my review!PROS--------------1. The early game is very entertaining. It involves exploration, boldly going, etc. There is also a healthy dose of customization at the start to make a fun race of beings and then expand across the starts.2. Beautiful soundtrack. That's pretty much 'nuff said'. I enjoyed listened for the first 7 hours even if it wasn't as good as that one CK II song (CK II nerds know what I'm talking about).3. The game has a lot of neat little mechanics that haven't been featured in other Paradox games, but definitely fall in line with the evil stuff you can do in Crusader Kings. Population control is a big one, with forced relocation, purges, enslavement, and a whole host of other features in the game.4. I really like the science system in the game. It makes it feel much more realistic in the terms of tech research, which also keeps the game fresh and prevents players from doing their stereptypical 'tech routes'.5. It's super easy to grasp and you can learn as you go!CONS--------------1. Stellaris does slow down mid game. This is something that most Paradox games suffer from, making them hard to stick with for so long. I feel like the dev's promise to make the mid game fun was a little underserved.2. You will be waiting for more substance. Paradox loves to update their games, so it will take some time and money for the game to come into its own.3. It is an odd combination of Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, Civilization, and Sin of a Solar Empire. While the game has a lot of the good aspects of all these games, the hybrid pf GSG and 4X has the same pitfalls, such as taking a long time to get going and sometimes losing steam.Overall I feel as though this game deserves a positive review, but it will take sometime for it to come into its own."
,Recommended,281990,22897305,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wayyu,Playing on slow to normal speed and not getting bored. Space is great again.
,Recommended,281990,22929255,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zombie,"Honestly I am having a blast so far.If you like strategy games, building your empire and make your own your Empire this is a game for you.It is the big brother of Endless space.  At first the game is kinda complexe but once you get it evreything will work out pretty much by itself."
76561198042190279,Recommended,281990,22897433,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Silver,"A return to form for paradox, after some sub-par dlcs for eu4 and ck2, stellaris definatly delivers on its promises and is an amazing game, definatly worth the price 10/10"
76561198087764017,Recommended,281990,23139103,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,The Coolest and best,"Basically, Civillization V's hot one night stand with Spore's Space Age. Great combo of strategy and RTS as well as the 4x's of Empire building.(Explore, Exploit, Expand, Exterminate)Pros:-Awesome race and empire creation-Cool RP community-Neat space combat AI and different interstellar travel and mechanics.-Immersive strategy, diplomatic placements and choice in allies can save or break your empire.-Cool ship customization and research progression, you feel like you're bettering an interstellar empire through your work.Cons:-The AI can suffer from Civ V syndrome, they won't budge in resource trade deals. Ever.-Moderate learning curve (Not so much a con as a warning, you will get crushed in online games.)-Slavery is OP (not even kidding, it's broken and very exploitative for aggressive empires)-Slightly flimsy diplomacy, usually results in ""I'll buy your love with credits, now let's be friends k?""In summary, amazing 4x sci-fi strategy with a solid online community, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,281990,23072897,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PirateBae,This game is a hot mess but I can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,281990,23116273,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Forluhn,"Let's just get this out of the way, this is not CKII in space! Don't expect to have some dynamic family tree you need to manage with complex laws governing the nuances of land ownership. Though there does exist a leader tree it's rather simplistic at best, but don't let this deter you as the depth of this game is offered in different places. It's a 4X sci-fi game so with regards to basic game play elements there's nothing new here. However it's well worth mentioning where others in the genre fall short Stellaris seems to deliver. Of course it's not a perfectly polished game, but the core is here and it's a very solid one indeed!The best way I can describe the feel of Stellaris it's like a combination of Endless Space and Stardrive. Yes both games had major flaws, but take those out combine the two and you have Stellaris; a solid game with hidden depth. The music, story, and atmosphere do a great job of painting the picture of a vast galaxy full of once was and current civilizations. I'm a huge advocate for having a solid musical score in my games (It's one of the reasons I've played guild wars 2 since launch). Stellaris' music is solid, nothing outstanding nor out of context. It's an original piece of grand sci-fi that suits the game. Some reviews claim the writing is lackluster, but personally I actually enjoyed reading the dialog. It's laced with just enough subtle humor to keep a smile on my face.Obviously it's worth touching on some of the cons. First and foremost is the sound design. Like many others have noted the sound clips used for space battles are very tinny and just overall poor quality. Sometimes you zoom in on a fleet battle and it simply feels like toy ships flying around zapping each other with their toy ray guns. The A.I. is also rather suspect here as well. Though their diplomatic behavior is logical their handling of fleets during times of war is rather questionable at best. The good news is that not only have the developers acknowledged the A.I. flaws and plan to fix them, but the game has full mod support. Within the next month or two one should expect to see plenty of sound mods.Overall I think this is a great 4x sci-fi game, one that has brought me back to the genre for another ""just 5 more minutes"" type of session that usually ends up being far longer than intended."
,Recommended,281990,23093254,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Jerv,"So, TLWR: The game has the potential to be one of the very best strategy games ever made. It is amazing. However it is unfinished.Read some of the issues below:Mid game issues, lack of inter and inner empire politics, unfinished alliance/federation dynamics, basically broken sector AI, shallow traits, imbalanced ethics, convergence divergence issues, unfinished factions system, very very little amount of scripted events, non-existent trade dynamics and mechanics, unfinished special resources system, lackluster UI, terrible invasion/ground army mechanics (needs a complete re-work), lack of depth in space battles (formations, tactics etc.), huge issues in FTL balance, imbalanced government types, lack of spirit and depth with fallen empires interactions, limited end game crises and bugs in their scripts, non-existent mid game crises, a huge ton of bugs (like orbital bombardment dynamics) and many many more (I have 46 hours played)Still, I think the game is a solid 9/10 with all the issues mentioned above.That is how good the game is.When they fix/finish the vanilla game and bring out patches+expansions, this game will be a golden classic. I can't wait for those.﻿"
76561198007158981,Recommended,281990,22894919,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ARFdaddy,I've been playing 4X games for years and Stellaris is what I've been waiting for without realizing it. It has the right amount of big picture management/grand strategy and still provides that sense of wonder and exploration I crave in all space games.
76561198120148226,Recommended,281990,25431235,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CmdShadow,This is a great game that needs smarts and patience in order to win. Love it and will continue to play it and have fun. 10/10
,Recommended,281990,22899729,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lord Cucumber,"What can I say, this is the deep strategy space game I have been waiting for for years.Example of awesome:Pirates attack my fresh colonyI send my only fleet to attack the piratesWhile in combat with the pirates in a system far outside my borders, a report comes in that an asteroid threatens TO HIT AND OBLITERATE my new colonyI retreat out of combat to take on the HUGE rock hurtling towards my second homeI destroy the rock and return to mop up what's left of the pirates in time for teaI send my science ship to collect the rubble from both battlesThanks to the rubble my science research points bag me three discoveries in a rowWould hunt random space rocks and pirates again, 10/10"
,Recommended,281990,22957094,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Colonel Carnage,"I'm not a real despotic ruler of a decadent, xenophobic, slave-owning race of superstrong fungoid pod people looking to rule the galaxy, but I play one in Stellaris."
,Not Recommended,281990,32659005,Posted: 22 June,all,Sieabah L. Park,"Played a lot of this when it came out, wait a few years until enough content is available and they figure out how space games are not the same as crusader kings."
76561198057523491,Recommended,281990,22906628,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Durzake,"This is without a doubt one of the best space strategy games I have ever played. It combines elements from the 4X and Civ genre and a dash of Sins of a Solar Empire just for good measure. I've been immersed, fascinated, and blown away by this game. Would I buy it again? Yes. Would I recommend it? Absolutely. Will I be buying future DLC and expansions?? OHHH you betcha!9/10 (Have yet to get to true late game but everything so far has been phenomenal)"
76561198030567212,Recommended,281990,22894200,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,wangxuanfrank,"Great game!Diverse universe with many different and interesting events.Great and complicated diplomacy compared to all other 4x games, as expected from a parapox game.The ship design system is ok, though not as good as some games that specialize on it.The battle system is better than expected for a paradox game.Runs surprisingly smooth even on my 6 year old computer, with the second largest map size and 30 AIs. Haven't experienced any lag yet.Well polished, no noticable bugs 5 hours into the game, a rare quality these days."
,Recommended,281990,22897209,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,BaskyMasky,"Stellaris is a space-age game crafted by the genius heads over at Paradox Interactive, known for titles such as Crusader Kings, Europa Universalis, Mount & Blade, and more.Not only does this game encapsulate what many games of the like have, but Stellaris improves upon them. You can see bits and pieces of what made games such as Endless Space, Homeworld, or Galactic Civilzations successful all in Stellaris. And it's graphics reqguirements? So low that almost anybody could play this game. On day 1, I spent roughly 10 hours playing before I noticed what had even happened to the time. This is how a Paradox game should go, and like other paradox games I've played, I can only hope to have my hours waste away in this game.All in all, I'd give this game a 9/10. Yes, some of it's mechanics need tweaking, however I expect community effort to help aid in that process. Keep up the good work Paradox! And when is Bannerlord coming out?"
,Recommended,281990,22890578,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bravid,No day 1 game breaking bugs = Insane must buy holy♥♥♥♥♥♥zomfg
,Not Recommended,281990,32525374,Posted: 17 June,all,Thulhu,DLC practices of Paradox are beyond acceptable.
,Recommended,281990,22956270,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Yetteh,"The GoodLots of customizationLots of different approaches to your civilizationLots of exploration and fun eventsGreat graphics and micro details (Battles look awesome)Great optimization performance wiseEasy to get into, not as hard as EU4 / CK2The BadToo much micro-management mid gameAI are passive and do not feel ""Human"" enough to meLack of depth in certain areasBattles are simplistic and don't have enough detail"
76561198005927154,Recommended,281990,26154375,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gath Memvar,"I have really enjoyed Stellaris.  Building an empire, researching technology, and fending off some sort of large, galactic-threatening event is a ton of fun.  I've been impressed with the depth of the tactical and research options, and colonization has also been fairly interesting.  I do have a hard time continuing to play post-uber threat, but everything up to that point is absolutely fantastic.Additionally, I've been very pleased with their release of several large patches that are attempting to patch issues with the game, including completely rebalancing several areas with ship combat, and also adding in a fair amount of content for free.  I've not had a chance to play the new DLC, but the amount of content in it looks impressive.If you like Grand Strategy and 4X, I would recommend you give this a shot.  If 4x/Grand Strategy is too long for you, go ahead and give it a pass, because these games will carry on for a long time."
76561198042648524,Recommended,281990,23117433,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,CrusaderKiller,"This is a great game, definitely worth 39.99. I would recommend it to anyone who likes space, like in depth strategy games, and wants a game with some complexity behind it.Things I like:-random races, this was a brilliant idea, and has ruined other games of this nature for me. Having random races makes the game more intriguing.-graphics are very nice-it is not too easy to figure out that you should complain it is simple and it is not too difficult that you can’t figure it out-ship designer is awesome-games runs great on an AMD 8350, GTX 960, 16 gig system, which is a mid grade computer- its Paradox, so get ready for tons of DLCThere is not much I do not like that Paradox has not addressed that they are fixing. For example, the battle stats after a battle were a complaint, but they are fixing it.Diplomacy needs fixing, but I am sure it will be fixed.Overall a magnificent game and worth the buck.9/10 for me"
,Recommended,281990,26128344,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SERIAL BASSIST,"*Points to hours played*It's a bit good.True to paradox form, its a little bare at the moment but that will change as they always add bits during the dlc patches so even if you don't buy all the dlc you will have a full game in a year or two.Until then, there is literally tons of mods that can make this game truely special as this is a highly customisable game."
76561197974947850,Recommended,281990,22901604,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mewzle,">10 years into game>Find Industrial civilization on nearby planet slightly outside my borders>Hm, that's interesting>Expand borders to their system>Build ""Observation post"" around their planet>I have options to passively observe, flatly give them technology, or slowly infiltrate their planet for annexation>LOL OBVIOUSLY OPTION THREE>Wait ~10 more years>My minions have somehow disguised themselves as the local race and infiltrated all levels of all planetary governments>They organize a coup>Welcome, you are now part of the Elvandari Star Republic11/10 would organize invisible alien invasions again"
76561198046676508,Recommended,281990,23113035,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lord Reacon,"This game is great allowing for some truly excellent stories, Now for a word from the blorg:""We are the blorg,Lower your expectations and surrender your feelings.Your happological and Friendological distinctivness will be added to our own.Your social media will adapt to service us.Resistance is impolite.""With that began to blorg invasion of earth."
76561198045279693,Recommended,281990,26154813,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,alexei.yanick,"This game in Awesome: the gameplay is great, the graphics are suprisingly stunning and the soundtrack is captivating. The hud is also quite good, few improvements here and there could be good, but i'm sure they'll come with the updates. I strongly recommend this game to any strategy game fans and to newcommers as well. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,281990,26127730,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Togego,"I'm writing this before 1.3.Stellaris is a very complex space 4X. i was captivated from the first day and have spent a lot of time till I got the feel of it. That dowsn't mean that time was wasted, though, I really enjoyed those early parts, but I do things differently now when I start a new game. The game is real time with a pause option.While there is the possibility to auto imize parts you don't want to do, the AI for this isn't the best, so you have to find your own way here.Pros:- player races can either be predefined, random or configured. So you aren't stuck with the designers' ideas like in some games.- there is no techtree to follow, you can chose between random technologies in three fields. The choice of alternatives is influenced by your current tech level. The most important tech, the colony ship, is always a starting choice.- lots of background (event-chains, anomalies, space monsters, special systems)- the game is easily moddable and has lots of active modders.- a playable diplomacy systemCons:- the random factor at game start is too big. You start with 5 randomm leaders and some time they are just crap and replacing a leader costs 50 influence. There are several mods out there to balance this, though.- as the game is real time, it is hard to keep track if you have several battles at once. You can only watch one of them.- The game stops if an event pops up and starts again once you close the event window. Some events  however don't stop the game and it can be quite confusing if several popups open at the same time.- auto created ship are just crap, you have to do this on your own to be competitive.- once combat starts you cannot fly away even if neither side is within firing range of the other yet.- some events are really hard.So get youself the game, get some popular mod collection and have fun.As 1.3 is just coming out, it might take a while till all modders made necessary xgnges to their mods, though."
,Recommended,281990,22890469,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,The Space Penguins will conquer all that lie in their path!!!
76561197982188183,Recommended,281990,23607731,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Teemo,"Stellaris – It’s a pretty fun 4x game.My first and current play through has been going really well. I started with my awesome cat people of the ‘Fevarian Imperium’ who have the ‘Fanatic Xenophobic’ and ‘Militaristic’ traits. Unfortunately due to an oversight they have a preference for colonizing tundra worlds, of which are few and far in-between.Anyway, I’ve managed to expand out and colonize my twelfth world of which had a copper age civilisation already inhabiting it. This is fine I thought, I’ll just establish a colony and bring them into the Fevarian Imperium, heck when I get the ability to ‘uplift’ them, they can be given an entire system to themselves (Found a system with 3 continental words just perfect for them but not me). I even began theorising a way of relocating them early so I can fully colonise their world.Apparently my catfolk populations disagree. Two factions developed, one wants to enact an extermination policy and wipe out the natives, the other wants to enslave and prohibit the natives from breeding – essentially letting them die out. My first attempt to nullify the factions, failed and triggered a civil war. The Extermination faction controls the planet in question + 5 others, while the Extermination through slavery faction controls the rest.Hence I’m watching my formally fanatically united society ravage itself in what has been a crippling civil war, all because they couldn’t agree on a method of extermination.10/10 – Would Underestimate how Fanatically Xenophobic societies work.PS - Non Vanilla review, used mod that changed how factions work."
76561198021850039,Recommended,281990,23642091,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Furbag,"Absolutely loving it! Grand Scale is right, this thing is huge. I'm sure this will cost me lots of time over the next few YEARS!"
,Recommended,281990,32539753,Posted: 18 June,all,mindbane,This game is great. Lots of replayability and great with friends!
76561197986706741,Recommended,281990,32570373,Posted: 19 June,all,Evil Unitato-Noid,It's no Master of Orion (Classic) and it lacks the depth of Crusader Kings 2 or the shiny graphics of Endless Space 2....well it actually lacks a lot of things BUT it has a great strategic layer and an event system that keeps things interesting. All in all a good title that could use even more of the complexity Paradox titles are known for.
76561198043085440,Recommended,281990,33153844,Posted: 2 July,all,HateCult,"very nice game , this must be one of the best strategic spacegames there is , anyone got some basic tips for me ?"
76561198067701195,Recommended,281990,23759656,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,BLENKYGI,"I'm really enjoying Stellaris so far, though criticisms about the lack of diplomacy are certainly true, The game is steadily improving with patches, and most of the largest bugs have been patched. I am confident it will continue to get better, and am having a lot of fun, I like the singleplayer and think this game will be great in multiplayer."
,Recommended,281990,31848621,Posted: 19 May,all,Solicitor,"I struggled with the decision to buy Stellaris because I think paradox's crusader kings II  was confusing and I did not get the game's goal at all. Crusader kings II tutorial system was not helpful either. So I researched this game because I'm a big fan of Civ games, Master of Orion 2, and 4x boardgames like Eclipse: new dawn for the galaxy.Fortunately, Stellaris does not suffer from ambiguous goals or a poor tutorial. The tutorial is really effective at getting you confidently running a galactic civilization. This is a very deep game, but its not overwhelming. You can get going and uncover the mysteries hidden in the many menus at your leisure.I talked to some friends about Stellaris and read a lot of reviews here and from the press. A lot of people said the game bogs down in the middle. that may be true, I can say the early game is so good that it doesn't much matter. The game is very fun if you like exploration - they capture that aspect very well. There are a lot of stories to unearth in your travels."
,Recommended,281990,23127472,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sinius,"I wrote a pretty big review about this game that Steam decided it didn't want posted. So ♥♥♥♥ it! Here's a much shorter one:Early game is fantastic and very fun. Tutorial too.Mid game is boring and you start finding problems with the AI and stuff. AI is stupid.Don't know about the end game, haven't reached it yet.My advice? If you buy this game, go get a mod that fixes the AI. Otherwise, I expect this game to become better in the following months, like most Paradox games. Also, primitive aliens can create the XCOM against you and you can infiltrate their governments and society ""They Live"" style and annex their planet after a few years."
76561197973549228,Recommended,281990,28233209,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cpt KILmore,another well done rts with high replay value. No  game ever plays out the same.
,Recommended,281990,23644731,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Danail,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!! I have played it for around 11 h and have made 3 accounts. On one i lost the war and the other 2 are doing well. The game is a great strategy game and i would pay double for it! :)
,Recommended,281990,23935108,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Blaklite,"Rather than copy and paste everything that everyone has said already, I'd like to point out something amazing that is not often seen from game companys.Paradox, they listen to the players. they just had a big update that is exactly what you'll find people asking for in the comments. Good for them."
,Recommended,281990,29501087,Posted: 26 January,all,sadist,Honestly one of the best games i have ever played
76561198066030224,Recommended,281990,31756406,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr.Makk,"As a Humanist, I can't help but favor roleplaying us pesky Humans on most games, and Stellaris is definitely not an exception.If you're really into sci-fi and large scale rts strategy, then you'd probly like this game.Gameplay example: Starting off from Earth, I got to send out Nye, my science guy, exploring the solar system around earth then the nearby other systems. Constantly finding new events and even at one point acquiring the first colony ship of the United Human Nations' fleet.Upon encountering my first alien race, my xenophobic guys started freaking out, and so the fleet came in sideways and absolutely butt-blasted the crap outta them, immediately bringing on the wrath of the enemy's grand fleet, which was at the time quite ♥♥♥♥ing grand.They came in, and sacked Alpha Centauri, retaining control for almost two years as my fleet retrofitted and half the population of Earth was trained in the arts of planetary liberation.By the time the third year of the war was met, the alien menace was completely unable to breach the home system just due to the space staion being able to work in tandem with the developing fleet there. So on the eve of the fourth year, I sortied out of the Sol system. There must have been at least a few billion Humans either manning battle stations, or preparing themselves in the back of the massive fleets of transport shuttles.The first fleet came out of the worm hole just on top of Centauri prime, immediately engaging and absolutely disintegrating the two fleets stationed there and nearby, thereafter holding that space for the billions still approaching in shuttles.There were about 40 expeditionary battalions all equipped with drone swarms and led by my lady in dreads Maraya Xi, With the butcher trait. She multipied the entirety of the reconquering force by a sum that made their total power unmatchable. As the fleet in orbit delicately bombarded specific hostile military locations so to avoid harming the still present Human population, the sight of the landing must have been no different then watching history unfold.The largest Human migration that had ever taken place, and the most passionately violent as they were freeing their own.(5/5)"
76561198069610591,Recommended,281990,32298248,Posted: 9 June,all,DragonTemplar4,- Want to be the Zerg or Tyranids and devour the galaxy: you can do that- Want to be some crazy religous zealots and force your views on the galaxy: you can do that- Want to be the Galactic Empire or Goa'uld: You can do that- Mods: Check- giant space monsters: Check- Massive fleets: Check- Release Skynet into space: check
76561197980476219,Recommended,281990,32859142,Posted: 27 June,all,Rextz,"Mods are a must with this game. While i've enjoyed this to death, that death came much sooner than i had hoped. One session rarely feels like another, and when it does, it's more a feeling of confusion than joy.I'm looking forward to a Stellaris 2, hopefully addressing the issues of the diplomacy system and colony buiding...also more ship types please."
76561197970836826,Recommended,281990,32636997,Posted: 22 June,all,Dregoth,I've invested 1000+ hours into Stellaris.  It's the most cost-effective Steam purchase I ever made.
76561198253943733,Recommended,281990,28013120,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dorian,"I wasn't really sure about buying this game.  It seemed like a lot.  But, now that I have, I realize that it was well worth what I paid for it.  When you first start, it can be kind of daunting, as there is a lot going on.  You do get used to it.  There are a lot of options to adjust to create different gameplay every time.  It's a very rewarding experience, and if you are unsure about purchasing this, you really should."
,Recommended,281990,23126759,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Clint,"The galaxy was at peace with two large alliances between the most powerful empires.Extremely overkill aliens from a different galaxy attacked and began to decimate everything.Most of the empires eventually formed a federation and fought back the invaders, suffering massive casualties in the process.10/10 would re-create Mass Effect storyline again.Seriously though...The Good:Well balanced tech trees between different empires and goverment types.Rock - Paper - Scissors style ship customization where you actually need to think about your designsGreat storytelling, anomalies, ancient extinct races, etc... they really give you the sci-fi feelSolid colonization and resource management mechanics.AMAZING soundtrack, It's all the best parts of the Interstellar soundtrack and the Mass Effect soundtrack put together.The Bad:Diplomacy is lacking with very few options becides being rivals or allies.Mid-game can be a little boring, but the end-game gets good again.Fleet battles could be far more cinematic, right now they're a bit ""cluster♥♥♥♥-ish"" to use the technical term.Overall, I really love this game and I'm currently on my 3rd playthrough."
,Recommended,281990,32875944,Posted: 27 June,all,T.Halls the wiggaboo,amazing
76561198303058672,Recommended,281990,23629333,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dahustler,Super duper fun
76561198011156881,Recommended,281990,32498233,Posted: 17 June,all,Lord Ansilion,"This game is a dream come for sci-fi person like me who like to customize your own galactic empire from scratch and become a dominant power through various methods like military, technology etc."
,Recommended,281990,32531293,Posted: 18 June,all,Max Soulfly,"Great game!As a sci fi fan, on of the best strategy games I ever played!"
,Recommended,281990,33123485,Posted: 2 July,all,Comander-07,"Its on a sale so get it now!This is basically the kind of space strategy game I always wanted, you can play around so much with spezies and ships.This feels like I would imagine a sins of a solar empire 2.(Damn I played straight 13 hours when I picked this up +__+ )"
,Recommended,281990,23127216,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kitchner,"UPDATE: After several patches and developer diaries from Paradox I feel this game is just getting better. If you played this on release and found it a little lacking, it is well worth coming back and having another go now, and same thing in a few months time after the next two patches.This game does have a few things that Paradox needs to work on, and I think they knew this before it was released. Problems with diplomacy, mid game content, and how some features work prevent this game from being a smash hit straight out of the box.That being said, I've played almost nothing else since it was released, and it's smashed all sale records for Paradox, which is usually used to niche titles released for niche audiences.On the one hand I wish I had seen the game with the fixes and extra features they are adding over the next few months, on the other hand I'd have been severely annoyed if this game was delayed, so they can't win.Overall if you're into sci-fi and you're into strategy this will be a perfect game for you, and if you've always liked the sound of Paradox's games but felt CKII or EUIV weren't accessible enough, this is their most accessible game yet."
76561197972823757,Recommended,281990,22889991,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bazookatooth,"I am really enjoying this game, the more I learn the more excited I am to play. Requires some patients and reading, otherwise it has been fantastic."
,Not Recommended,281990,32415112,Posted: 14 June,all,Pieboy136,"It is hard for me to support a developer who increases prices for 4 year old games.Not only that, their business model of constantly releasing DLC is ridiculous. For a game like EU4 or CK2, you should not have to spend $200 to get the full experience.I think Stellaris is a great game, but with the DLC model and the company who developes it, I can't reccomend you giving them your business"
,Recommended,281990,22890477,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sheeptar,Another great game from paradox!
76561198078476091,Recommended,281990,22890400,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,History,AWSOME!
,Recommended,281990,22929842,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,中年离职魔法男,"Pros:-Interesting technologies, including robots, gene-modified stuffs and sentient AI which leads to technological singularity.-Randomly-generated planets.-Custom races and governments. Mods and later patches could bring even more possible variations to this game, I believe.Cons:-Color picker? Flag patterns and colors need more variations.-Still some UI bugs and fleet-moving bugs. They can be ignored, but I still hope patches would fix them.-Researchings are too slow in late game, which makes game a lil boring.-A large galaxy means serious delay and slowness in late game. My poor CPU definitely can't stand that LOL. And I play tiny or small galaxies now.-Ships are various but equips are not that many to choose from. And the domination of laser weapons leaves no other choice.Overall:I've been so eager for months and now this game released. Although many stuffs are not satisfying, as of a starting version, I can't expect more from this game.I've burned 2 days in it and haven't sleep for 30 hours, which makes me feel pretty cool. I believe Paradox will make this game great just like their other legendary strategy games.I fully recommend you to try this game if you love SLG and space fiction themes."
76561197999038217,Recommended,281990,32874859,Posted: 27 June,all,mrninesixfive,"I have been having a lot of fun with it, althoughI mod it heavily"
,Recommended,281990,22899541,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mpcsh,"This is far and away my favorite 4x/strategy game. Stellaris offers a great mix between depth and playability - it isn't lacking for detail anywhere, but it doesn't overwhelm you. The tutorial is very well written and smoothly transitioned into my first game. The graphics are beautiful, and for those wondering, the Linux support (on NVidia at least) is amazing! Thank you, Paradox, for supporting the future of gaming!"
76561198082327367,Recommended,281990,22898489,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Order of dust,So this is my first steam review and i dont really have much time to put into one but this game is worth the quick thumbs up. it blends the perfect amount of depth and strategy with a very easy to learn UI. you can easily pick up everything about the game in about an hour or less and this is where alot of strategy games lose me. i havent enjoyed a strategy sim like this in awhile. Well done paradox. ill be keeping my eyes on this company in the future. good impressions have been made.
,Recommended,281990,23234260,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Hylloch,Play multiplayer with a friend!Watch in horror as they genocide 300 billion innocents!Slowly realize you are friends with space hitler!10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,281990,26195469,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Vexing Vision,"Stellaris manages to capture the feeling of standing on a hill outside the city lights at night, staring up into the sky and wondering what's out there. I did not expect this from a realtime strategy game.Basically, Stellaris is a lightweight mix of Europa Universalis and Crusader Kings in space with a heady note of Galactiv Civilizations. It's the most accessible of all Paradox strategy games, but this isn't a bad thing by far. There's still plenty of options how to create and run your stellar empire, democracy or military junta. Empires have genuine personalities mapped to them, and you never know what's waiting out there for you.The most recent DLC is hilarious, at least if you - like me - consider a poor lonely Scientist vessel in the depths of space being ripped apart by madness when encountering a planetsized tentacled horror to be funny.Stellaris is wonderful escapism and manages to spellbind you if you let it."
,Recommended,281990,22914044,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BERserK,"If you've already played and enjoyed other grand strategy titles such as EU4, CK2, Victoria and etc., I see no reason why you wouldn't enjoy this game.As for other people who are looking to get into grand strategy titles and you already like 4X in space games such as Endless Space, Master of Orion, this is a must buy as well.That being said, I would like to point outa few things if you are still considering buying the game. As with many other Paradox strategy games, the game is fun but you do start to feel the roughness around the edges around 10 hours into the game. And as usual, this game will probably be much, much better after some of the inevitable expansions to it.I estimate that I will get at least a good 60 - 80 hours of fun from the game before I take a break and wait for further content to be availabe in the game."
,Recommended,281990,31482967,Posted: 1 May,all,エデン EDEN,"Truly the best space / science fiction game I've been ever playing.There are really lots of stuff to do and full freedom of action. Like you can create your own race from the very beginning, build your own spaceships, communicate with other races and species, discover new planets and space systems, solve different mysteries, manage your  planets and their provinces, make different kinds of research and many many more (there are really way more).Graphics looks really amazing and all the space landscapes, planets design, alien races are just excelent made and make you feel like you're inside some kind of an old and good science fiction book.Optimization is also pretty good so even my old laptop can simply run it on medium settings.Particular milestone here is music arrangement. Those sounds are just so deep, melodic and really improve in-game atmosphere. It's been made by swedish composer Andreas Waldetoft and it's just perfectly fits your game experience.There is still much to say, but better go and try it on your own, you won't be disappointed. For my part - I strongly recommend this game in all aspects."
76561198042320982,Recommended,281990,26160060,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HerrZwe,"Just the 4x expierience I have ever wished for but neverfound in other, too complicated or too simple titles. This has just the right balance of strategy and emergent storytelling that comes from just playing the game. Fully recommended."
,Recommended,281990,22934603,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Wolfetariat,This game is near flawless. Goodbye social life!
,Recommended,281990,26152575,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ierocis,"Love 4x games? Love them better if in real time instead of turn based? Epic soundtrack, so much replayability. Love it more because of the stories you can build. First playthrough, I recreated the Shofixti race of Star Control. Ended pretty much how Starcon 2 went. Blaze of glory. But it was worth it."
,Recommended,281990,31018815,Posted: 8 April,all,Regulator,Made the Imperium of Man and exterminated all xeno filth.10/10 would purge the xeno filth in the name of the Emperor again.
76561198030768081,Recommended,281990,26137710,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,slickrick971,"As someone who has spent over 150 hours on this game, I can definitely say that it's worth every penny. What is love is that Paradox is constantly adding new patches and updates to improve and make the game more fun. You can tell that they actually care about their game unlike some other developers."
76561198100860186,Recommended,281990,23369542,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,ChunkyMonkey350,"I was sceptical upon purchasing the game, watching small clips of gameplay from various youtubers. However I can comfortably say that even though this game is pretty expensive considering some alternative stragegy games are cheaper, that I am happy that I spent the money because not only does it have great gameplay and an amazing ""make your own"" desicion style to it. But the replay Factor is absolutely unreal.The fact that the game developers have gone out of their way and put an intense amount of detail in it, from the name of almost every planet known to man, to the actual science behind some of the missions. It's not like a fantasy game where something illogical happens and someone says ""a wizard did it"" but it comes up with the idea that an unkown ancient being(s) that came billions of years before man, created and developed a power to enable then to travel around star sytems and create an empire.The reason it is so replayable, much like Civilization, is because at any given moment anything can happen. For example, my playthrough showed that even if you have the strongest empire in the whole galaxy, there will be some force out there that  can destroy you in an instant.What I would really love to see with this game, is not from the developers, but from the small content creaters and modders. I think this game is the ideal canvas for a Mass Effect mod. I have been looking through the workshop and over the depths of the internet and have encountered many different people trying to accomplish this. If just one of them was to pull it off like the mods of Sins of a Solar Empire, then this game would be perfect for me and anyone else who is fan of the Mass effect trilogy and a fan of strategy games. Plus you can go for the same story as Mass Effect, but change it a bit so that the story of Mass Effect ends how you would want it to.Over all this game is amazing, it has a long way to go, and hopefully the developers will work their arses off for this project. It's already an amazing game and I want to see how good it can get.9/10-One of the best games Iv'e ever played, immersive, realistic, lore allows for fun roleplay."
76561198118913190,Recommended,281990,24205909,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,serraphin,"I'm loving Stellaris like a teenage boy with a drill in the communal shower. I just can't give it a rest. I've played 170hrs + since getting it.I've been bereft of a 4x game to enjoy for a while (not to say they're not out there) and when a friend recommended this I had a look. First reaction:Oh my God. It's just like Stars!*And it is. A very good/improved clone of that old 90s game, to which I have no complaints at all. There are planet management options, ship design, research, exploration...all your usual 4x treats with a few twists (research uses a random card system as opposed to a research tree, so you have a bit more variety game to game).Multi player also works pretty well in the very few instances I've tried. Letting you just ally up or war against (or odd diplomatic in between).There are issues (caveat; I'm on a Mac (shut up) so some of it could be caused by over priced under performing hardware), though many of these are minor annoyances than anything:Mid-end game there can be graphical and game stutter as I assume massive battle calculations are performed.Recent changes mean I can't view empires/races by distance only opinion  (dudes...really).Limited Victory conditions and not quite right ""alliance"" victory options.other stuff depending on personal taste.But Paradox seem to be churning out patches and changes which, in general are improvements, and as a baseline - it's good fun.If you live 4x and don't have anything on the go right now; worth it. If you're mid some other 4x game that you love - wait a little longer for some more kink fixing.*Notes Stars! Including the ! was a PC game mid 90s."
,Recommended,281990,23336073,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,U-977,"stellaris is fun, and when you first start playing you won't want to stop.the twist is that the more you play, the less fun it will be. (until there are more mods)buy hearts of iron 4 instead"
,Not Recommended,281990,32749976,Posted: 24 June,all,An A.I that's bad at grammar,"I like the game a lot even tho i have only played it for a few hours. However, i do have a problem with paradox as per the usual manner decided if our coustomers want the full gaming experince they have to play another $40. I mean i understand $10 but utopia which unlocks the whole megastrucure system which is already in game but is locked unless you have utopia. I'm honestly dissapointed in you paradox please stop exploiting your loyal fanbase."
76561197970940010,Recommended,281990,23227723,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,meepyl,Civilization.... IN SPACE!!!!!
,Recommended,281990,27728692,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sveardze,"If you liked Sins of a Solar Empire, you'll LOVE this game."
,Recommended,281990,23764124,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pesvardur,"Great awesome game. Mid-late game can be a bit boring SOMETIMES. But more often than not I feel that it's a good time to micro manage a little and optimize my empire. There are a few features that are still not in, but I'm very hopeful for the future of this game. Will definately buy any expansion that comes."
76561197973307364,Recommended,281990,28216142,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Jordon,"The best 4X space game I've played. Hands down.Best part is it's in real-time, which is much nicer than waiting for all the turns to progress."
76561198069644636,Not Recommended,281990,32524976,Posted: 17 June,all,Spawnie,"It's over Paradox...I own almost all DLC for EU4 and CK2 including cosmetic ones and regions I'll most likely will never play. To support the developer that is fair to their userbase and further development of my most favorite games ever. I also bought a lot of other games that you either developed and/or published. I've encouraged people to buy your games, supported your DLC and even pricing policy until recently. But it's all over now.,When I heard that you are planning to go public I was already scared you may end up like one of those big comapnies that just run games for the money. And that's exacly what you've become.I won't buy Steal Divison 44 now, I won't buy any new DLC for the games I already own. From the top of my head, the games you were involved in that I own: EU4, CK2, VIC, VIC2, HOI4, Stellaris, Pillars of Eternity, Mount and Blade Warband, Magicka 1+2 and probably more that were published by you. Right now besides being so disappointed of you guys, I'm just happy that Warband Bannerlord won't be published by you!I also want to add that I'm financially stable and could easily afford to pay the highest prices, but I'm not going to support a greedy corporation like yours anymore."
,Recommended,281990,26289479,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tubar,Something is missing but still not bad at all
76561198168483814,Recommended,281990,22885651,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Xatorii,"This game is very very good. Being a strategy game critic, I have to say this beats out all of the sci fi strategy buffs. Only I do wish is that there was more depth in the game mechanics. I feel like the engine they where using was capable of doing so much more, but I'm sure with modding, the game will be complete with added DLC for more mechanics. Stellaris 9/10"
,Recommended,281990,22884801,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,|aX| Rekoza [❀],Still very much in the early game but I already am finding it much more engaging that CK2 (which I also adore). Solid effort and worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,281990,32614289,Posted: 21 June,all,Joxemik,"Once upon a time an AAA game, Paradox now becomes true emperor of DLCs ABUSING Comps.Why you should avoid this game for now:-EXPENSIVE & ABUSING PRICING FOR ALL PRODUCTS.If you buy this game without discount keys you´re simply blind."
76561197999792111,Recommended,281990,25002815,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Christmas1,Play it
,Recommended,281990,23131141,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Exitre,"Incredibly addictive playground of a universe. Is v1.0 perfect? No, the midgame and some core functionality is missing or incomplete, AND STILL 20 hours into my first game and I'm not bored. Worth the money in its current form, already announced timeline for free updates will make this a classic."
,Recommended,281990,26169005,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"It's better than MoO 2.  It's better than GalCiv 3.  Despite its flaws, I find myself coming back to this for my 4X fix again and again.  Highly recommended.  Yes, I know this review is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but seriously -- I abandoned the 4X genre a long time ago and this is the game that brought me back."
76561198069319808,Not Recommended,281990,32490179,Posted: 16 June,all,gmpsaifi,"While I think the game, creatively, has a lot going for it, and I have put many hours into it, I am not recommending it for two reasons.1 - The DLC policy. I order to continue playing this game, you should expect to shell out $20+ every few months for new DLC. If you don't, your game will likely be downgraded, as ""reworks"" of old features end up money-locked.2 - The poor quality of patches, and lack of testing. Paradox seems simply to be understaffed, and to not appreciate the importance of software testing and QA. Frequently the same bugs are constantly introduced, features are broken, and embarassing mistakes make it into production.All in all, the game has a lot of potential, but the market practices of the company makes it unteneable."
,Recommended,281990,23492645,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,девочка-кошка,"Empire building and sci-fi themed games have always been a favorite of mine and Stellaris is no different. While I personally belive that this game has numerous flaws I still think that it has the potential to be a classic. I feel like people are quick to♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game because it isn't perfect and most of it's critisism is both unwarrented and undeserved.Pros+Wide array of colorful and original alien races+Beautiful graphics and ship/station design+Supports mods+More than one mode of FTL travel+Numerous military aspectsCons-I have to hoard my influence so I can replace all my scientists when they die at the same time-Diplomacy and trade is lacking, I often have no idea how to please an AI empire-AI is lacking-The sector system needs to be removed, most of the time I have unemployed pops and with t1 buildings despite being late game because I recieve a resource penalty if I have more than 5 planets."
,Recommended,281990,23495029,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,4X Player 402,"I get as trong feeling this game was developed to one up Endless Space 2 before it comes out.But to the actual reveiw:Pros:-Lots of modules and customizations for ships-The game style is different from anything I've seen or played before, and I love it.-Beautiful visuals while still not being too RAM/GPU intensive-A sci-fi 4X that isn't Endless Space for Mac-CUSTOMIZATION! Nothing in your empire has a set in stone name.-3 tech trees (Tree may not be the proper description)-You can uplift aliens and have them join your society.-Planet management is realistic, you need to employ governers and map out sectors to make contolling more than 5 planets efficient, and the sectors usually are better at managing themselves than you are.-Decisions and certain researches have reprecusssions (AI can cause robot uprisings a la Terminator)-Leaders, admirals and scientists actually die after enough time passes (Take that 6000 year old Napoleon from Civ!)-Did I mention this is a breath of fresh air to a somewhat stale genre? Because it is.Cons:-Until over 300 years passed, the AI never declared a single war.-Strategic and luxury resources are limited for how necessary they are.-Sepratist parties don't gain any support and just die off in 10-20 years-UI is confusing, even after 20 hrs of play time.-Sectors build stupid things somtimes, and never build military.-Ground forces feel uneeded and stupid, until you are invaded and realize it adds to the already large load of things you need to manage.-Your people hate everything you do, especially allowing aliens to be in positions of power, eveb if said people are xenophiles!-Influence system is very annoying early gameConclusion:If you like endless space or strategy games in general, buy it. It's a great game made by a great studio, and it brings a new prespective to the strategy genre."
,Recommended,281990,23496701,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Big Luc,conquer the stars. be a reptile.be a crazy war person. idgafits fun and different everytime.watch out for the undine or whatever they stole from star trek.i r8 8/8 m8 gr8 m8 itsch lit fam
76561198057012067,Recommended,281990,34964084,Posted: 14 September,all,Some Random Clanrat,"""Captain, enemy fleet have achieved optimal kinetic lance range. Your orders?""""Make turns 140 degrees starboard - emergency manoeuvre!""""But Captain, that will expose our flanks to the enemy's attack!""""God-damn-it man, don't you see that research station?!?""""My God... I'm sorry, sir, you're right. Of course. Full power to weapons! We must prioritize the defenceless research station - at all costs!""""Our sacrifice will not be forgotten.""< -100 warscore >(As of the Capek update this little doozy has been fixed)"
76561198117537316,Recommended,281990,35114180,Posted: 21 September,all,Th3oriesMan,"First off; I'm going to talk a lot; so there's a TL:DR at the bottom for those who don't have the time for my long-winded approach. For those that do read it all; thanks for reading; hope it helps. :)I bought this game shortly after it's launch; and now with over 300 hours of playtime, I think I can give a fair review of what I've experienced with it. Starting off; Stellaris can be a little overwhelming to new players; what with all the content that is offered. Between managing your individual planets and fleets to managing your empire and it's overall growth, things can start to get quite involved and you'll find the hours ticking away as if they were minutes as you delve into a playthru. While the vanillia game is great by itself; Stellaris really shines with the plethora of content mods that have been created by the community and distributed via the Workshop and you'll likely find yourself quickly adding mods that both enhance and further complicate (in terms of micromanagement or difficulty) things. With this in mind however, the game itself has included things like sectors and such that help to aleviate some of the tedium of mircromanaging everything, but you'll still spend a lot of time focusing on little things as you also work on the bigger glactic picture, which for someone like me, who enjoys the micromanaging; will make this game one you keep comming back to again and again.At it's core; Stellaris is your typical 4x game; you build up planetary infarstructure; gather resources, build orbital stations for more resources; build a fleet to protect/attack and expand your territory. But it goes far beyond something like Sins of a Solar Empire does by adding politics and factions to the player's country that can have both positive and negative effects, it throws in random events that can be both a boon and a curse to your people, the interplay of your nation and the other nations around you can lead to great alliances and federations; it can also lead to great wars and total anniliation. Also; endgame events like the scourge; they can wipe the entire galaxy if not focused on early upon their arrival, seriously; these things add a sense of urgency to the endgame, have you been wiping out everything and taking the galaxy for yourself? Well better get ready to fight alone, have you been forming small alliances and are on the cusp of a fully-fledged federation? Time to get that set in stone and get your allies ready for the endtimes.Looking back at factions for a second, you might for instance have a starting civ that has the religous and militaristic traits; eventually a religous and militaristic faction forms within the government, being somebody who favors combat and expansion yourself; you embrace the militaristic faction, angering the religious faction to the point that they rebel, and now you have a civil war on your hands, in the middle of an expansionist war against a federation of 4 other civs around you. It's storys and elements like these that make Stellaris such a great 4x game; because it adds so much more to the equasion than just the basic build up -> fight -> build up or build up -> diplomacy -> build up cycle of most 4x titles.Now praise aside for a moment; lets look at my one major con to this title; Paradox's DLC for this title; or rather their DLC pricing.  The first DLC for Stellaris was the 'Plantoids' Pack; this minor content pack added a new species, new ship design and a few new random events. For $7.99 USD you get this pack....the problem is, community modders have been adding new species, ship designs and random event mods on the Workshop since launch....FOR FREE. Now I understand that Paradox is a game company and they should be paid for their work; but this DLC was, is and will always be worth nothing more than $2.50 tops. The $8 price tag on it is a money grab; plain and simple. 'Levithians' was the second DLC pack and it was fairly priced at $9.99; it added new content and was (to me) the first 'Actual' DLC, no complaints about that one; today's Synthetic Dawn is priced the same; and while I cant say whether or not it's fairly priced at the moment, I'll touch on it some in a moment.The third DLC to Stellaris, the 'Utopia' DLC, is just plain mod theft. (and yes I understand that most if not all modding EULAs let game devs use mod content w/o the need to credit or pay modders, but while they made the software the modder did the work but I digress...) Lets look a little bit at Utopia, first off it added traditions and Unity/Unity Perks. These are new content and prior to Utopia there had been no (to my knowledge) mods that added this kind of mechanic; that adds another level of customization to your empire during gameplay, so Good on Paradox there for something new. Then it added megastructures and Advanced Governments. These catagories had been covered by several workshop mods long prior to Utopia, namily 'Megastructures' by TTFTCUTS & Nutsoman and 'Ethic&Government Rebuild' by petruxa. (and yes; there were many others that added or built off of or onto these mods as well; but these two were (at least to me) the most refined.) While Paradox did make various tweaks and little changes to Utopia's megastructures and governments, its clear that in regards to these major changes for the vanilia game; that mods were used as the backbone. Oh and Utopia is priced at $20 US...so I'm paying at least $10 for free mod content and another $10 for the Unity Tradition system...actually no I'm not; ever. Maybe I dont get that system but I get a plethora of other things for free from the Workshop by modders who create works for free; for the love of the game. I'f I'm going to pay anyone, it will be them.Now I said that I'd touch on today's release of Synthetic Dawn, and while I've not played it, on the surface it seems like a mix of the already, readily available AI civ mods on the workshop. I can't say for sure that it is; but it seems like they've just cobbled AI civ mods together and added in a few new random events; in which case, if that IS the case; stay away from it, you can get all the AI civ mods you need/want from the workshop; FOR FREE.So in closing, Stellaris is a great game and with mods you'll keep coming back for more. But stay away from Utopia and Plantoids, they are money grabs for little content. Paradox has historically been bad on it's DLC pricing schemes, and sadly; stellaris is no exception. But Levithians is worth the cash, especially if you can get it on discount (like I did).TL:DRStellaris is a great game worth the buy/play, but stay away from the overpriced DLC that is Utopia and Plantoids (and maybe Synthetic Dawn) since they add little actual content that isn't readily available on the workshop for free."
76561198034741841,Recommended,281990,35197403,Posted: 24 September,all,cents_deaf,"For damn near my entire life, I have been consuming Civilization games in every generation and iteration. I have long held the opinion that in the realm of ""4x"" games, the Sid Meyer's games are peerless quasi-art.I have now met Civilization's superior.Stellaris is that game. In some respects, it is one of the best games I have ever played.If you are on the fence about it, please get off the fence. Buy this game. Prepare for the deep dive."
76561198040728186,Recommended,281990,22921613,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Derpy Squid,"I have always loved Paradox and the games they have created, and Stellaris is everything I could dream of! Its like EU4 and Galaxy Civ 3 had a baby. If you enjoy Space games and Grand Strategy games you will want to pick this up.Great Job Paradox 10/10 #SpaceWasMadeGreatAgain!"
,Not Recommended,281990,32512001,Posted: 17 June,all,ThatWolv,"I love this game, so, so much. The number of hours should atleast be a testiment to that. But Paradox, this is just bad practaice right now. You can't just price hike a game right before you put it on sale. That is just a plain scam. And as much as I also love the DLC you've been putting out for this game aswell, these prices are just way, too much. I'd save my money and wait on buying this game until the prices are finally back at a actually reasonable level if I were you."
,Recommended,281990,22964157,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Eathren,">Spend hours building economy, build up army> feeling really good about myself, but out of room to grow>Declare war on neighbor>Neighbor allies with with everyone around him>They all come to steamroll me mercilessly>Figure it was a fluke, do the entire thing over again,10/10 best space game gangbang I've ever played.Really though, get this game. Once you learn the UI it's great."
,Recommended,281990,24003404,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hob Took,"It's easier to focus on the cons and that's probably what people are looking for. Overall, love the game. Huge Civ fan and it feels right at home with that. Biggest complaint is that currently the game becomes less-deep in the mid-late game unlike keeping the action high across all play-types like CivProsIt's like Civ in space at it's simplest.Diplomacy is its biggest leg-up on Civ I think. Civilizations can break off and form new players, conqering or allying with other people can bring them in as vassals and eventually be under your control. Lots of different layersConsBiggest con is that at the time of this writing, the mid-late game gets stale. Tech upgrades eventually slow down with their impact, border lines remain rather stagnant especially if you are non-military. There are some events that summon strong neutrals that attack everyone, but depending on how much tech you have they may be really easy to wipe out.I would be really interested to see more events added to the game as that does the best job at mixing things up and having to react.Fights are largely based on numbers from my experience. Comparing fleet power tells you if you will win the fight or not"
,Recommended,281990,23853748,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,redvegemite,"Incredible fun.  Took me about 3 games before I felt comfortable and not so reckless.  You face factions that are tougher than you.  However through thoughful expansion and calculated warfare, you become superior to them.  However, that's only in your tiny portion of the galaxy.  Once you zoom out enough, you find factions who have conquered their own region  rivaling yours.  And there's even tougher challenges after that."
,Not Recommended,281990,32830309,Posted: 26 June,all,Yagisan,"Apparently the older a game gets, the more it should cost, is the new Paradox model.It's funny in a ha ha, that's odd way, that right now, at 50% off in the Steam Summer sale, that it costs more than when I bought it at full price.It's an unfinished game, and was hard to justify at the original price.Do not buy this at the current price. It's certainly not worth it given it has severe game-breaking bugs.A shame really, as it has some potential if they ever fix the bugs, but the new prices come with an even higher expectation of quality - which this product fails to deliver."
,Recommended,281990,22898351,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Chubby2623,Great game worth every penny tons of species and fun customized
,Not Recommended,281990,22987742,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,VVARHEAD,"I love Paradox Interactive, and I'd love to give this a thumbs up, but I can't.This will be one of the best space game in a year or two, but currently? Lack of content, lack of depth, lack of features.No local Multiplayer? Why?No Statistics, No real Demographics, why?If they took a little more time, wrote a little more events, story, lore, techs, etc. this could be awesome.Like this?It's playable for about 30 hours which is NOTHING for a grand strategy game."
76561197976327138,Recommended,281990,24068235,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,becephalus,"I love Paradox's games, and this one is enjoyable and I have spent a lot of time with it.  That said as most of their offerings, it really does not shine as released.  The sector mechnic is a little futzy and while it is clear what they are trying to respresent (political fragmentaitonduring growth), and do (reduce micromanagment for the player), it really only succeeds on the later score and generally serves as a more annoying and frsutrating that interesting obstalce to the players.  The pacing of the game also seems a bit off, with many of the ""survey"" quests becoming impossible well before they are acheivable.There are the bones of an interesting take n this genre here, but as is it really could use some more polish."
,Recommended,281990,30418286,Posted: 9 March,all,"No, This is Patrick","I created an Ayn Randian dystopia and squeezed 1/2 of the galaxy dry of their resources and then Shiny Men came through some idiot's Warp Engine and ate everything.Then I made the friendliest, most peaceful empire imaginable and was broken into smaller, more manageable pieces by the surrounding Xenophobic Militarists.Now, I think I'll make psionic Jedi add-ons to my clone armies and re-enact the battle of Geonosis.Yeah. It's THAT kind of game."
76561198060694214,Not Recommended,281990,32089486,Posted: 31 May,all,Metal Undivided,"In a nutshell: the company that publishes/developes the game (Paradox) is getting painfuly close to EA/Ubisoft in how they run their business, if not even worse.Their DLC approach is absolutely atrocious. EU4/CK2 have both got a couple dozen DLCs over the years with a combined price of soon-to-hit-300$ - the same thing is already actively happening to this game and itwillhave a 200$ price tag in a couple of years.Besides that, Paradox has increased (up to 100% increase in some regions) prices in many regions without any announcement beforehand, right before the Steam Summer Sale 2017.If you're willing to throw some of your money away and are willing to indulge Paradox in their cupidity, go ahead. Otherwise, steer very well clear of any of their products, especially their Gra*DLC MISSING*egies."
76561198140257724,Recommended,281990,29257268,Posted: 14 January,all,Mimer,"40 hours played while having fun at the cost of 40 Euro. Recommended. As a standalone 4X in space, the game is inventive and enjoyable. However, Stellaris is not on par with other Paradox titles and I am quite disappointed. My main complaints are the UI and AI.Paradox is a studio that knows how to create a good UI. How could they create this mess? It looks fine at first glance, but once you've sunk your teeth into the game mechanics, you'll notice how you have to hop in the menu between different screens to get info you need. Simple stuff like splitting off damaged ships from your fleet, that has been in Europa Universalis IV for years, is lacking. Instead, you have to manually split the fleet one ship at a time - and even that in a very poor design. Even the map gives inferior information - oftenly, anamolies will simply not show up on the galaxy map if you don't research them instantly (and you'll have to check system by system to find where you left it) and sometimes it doesn't even show where there are habitable worlds. I smell a big patch coming to fix all that.The difficulty, in at least the first 15 or so hours, of the game is simply resource management. It is brilliant, you really need to strategize to increase your output while at the same time being able to colonize. There are also some scripted events and random encouters that'll force you to build a few warships. So while this is a nice phase of the game, the AI is rather passive. Some will declare you a rival or try to make deals, some will make demands, but they will NOT challenge you at all. Which is a pity. I suspect that there will be a DLC or two to cover the grey zone between rival status and war. That seems to be Paradox's way of fixing things.A lot of people complain about the sectors. I think it's an okay solution to the management nightmare any 4X/grand strat becomes when you have a large empire. My complaint here is the AI, and that there is no way to send resources to your sector to allow it to grow (unless it's hidden somewhere in the backend of the UI). It just can't handle difficult situations with sparse resources. You really need to micromanage and grow your colony before you hand it over to the AI. Which is contraproductive to the whole point of having sectors. It's a shame to call for a patch for something that should have been working from the start.I have also read a lot of complaints about wars ending automaticly. This is just a different feature from what you might be used to. Once you have set your wargoals, you will automaticly sign a peace when you can afford them all (and the AI is beaten). If you didn't set any wargoals, you'll get a white peace because you can't add them at the end of the war.Diplomacy, and the AI for the different factions, is on Paradox level. It might at times fell a bit bare-boned, but it is infinitely better than most other games. You will actually be able to deduct how different factions will behave (Gandhi will not nuke the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you with 50 turns to go) and can adapt to face the potential threats to your empire. If someone hates your slavery policy so much it risks a war, you can change it (with a possible hit to your happiness). I'd personally prefer a bit more fluff around the diplomacy. If you have two hostile empires at your borders, you can count on them ganging up on you somehow.The pacing of the game is very slow, even by grand strat and Paradox standards. Researching something takes years, and even at full speed that will take some time. Resources tick in on a monthly basis instead of trickling in all the time.There are other good features (research tree, race designer, you can investigate enemy shipwrecks after battles) and bad features (poor variety of interaction with primitives, no variety to deal with tile blockers, you have to build lvl 1 building and then click upgrade to lvl 2 and then click upgrade to lvl 3) but overall it's a good, albeit slow, 4X. I expect the UI to be fixed eventually, and with more events/less downtime where your only challenge is resource management, this would be an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,281990,22950077,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rez,"Dont get me wrong , I really enjoyed this game. i have more than 30 hours in it ( offline ) . However it's not done yet in a lot of aspects. Ofcourse we are not talking about a ****y cash grabbing company. This is paradox and i have complete faith that in a year and with some dlcs this game will become really awesome.The only thing is while paradox loves to add a lot of more features and stuff to their games via dlcs, they are not cheap.Ofcourse i knew this game was gonna be like the rest of their game when i saw the price tag.To the Devs : This game is seriously lacking in politics and espionage right now . what made crusader kings so freakin great was the conspiracies and the plots. and the random events that happened every now and then, preventing the game to become stale.All in all, This game is so close to be perfect, but just not yet."
76561198011790370,Recommended,281990,22911274,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,^1Frins,The best 4x since Sins of solar Empire IMO
,Not Recommended,281990,32657867,Posted: 22 June,all,kgptzac,"Pros:1) A very immersive space 4x sandbox game that gives players extreme amount of freedom on how to develop their space empire and what to do with their neighbors.2) Robust modding community.  Some mods aimed to remove annoying bits of the game's mechanics, some expand on them, many do so with creativity, and overall is what makes this game great.3) Beautiful graphics and soundtrack for a scifi game.  Zoom in the idly celestial bodies or the ships hulls during a heated space combat; the amount of detail is very well refined.  The soundtracks match the gameplay moods perfectly, and is worth listening even not playing the game.Cons:1) Very lackluster optimization.  During long matches where there are many ships to be rendered, the frame rate crawls to a haul.  I was surprised to find the game only utilizes a single CPU core, which is inexcusable in today's standard.  You will be disappointed if you want your 200+ year match with epic amount of ships sweeping the galaxy while staying above 60 fps.2) Mods for this game are good, though half of the mods I use I consider should be part of the game.  Without mods, the lack of content and balance of this game is a staggering problem just behind its optimization issues.3) Suspiciously greedy marketing.  You may already noticed the base game is frequently on sale, but the meatiest addition, namely, the Utopia DLC as of now, are rarely on sale with respectable discount.  Also the latest fiasco which Paradox tried to stealthily raise the base prices of their games in several regions backfired, tanked the reviews, and they had to react to the bad PR and revert the price changes.Conclusion on why I do not recommend this game:Despite I had plenty of fun playing the game along with all of its additions purchased while they were on sale, and despite the fact that I consider I got my bang for the buck long time back, I can only see the ""price vs value"" of this game becomes increasingly hostile to prospective players--whom this review of mine is dedicated to.  Yes, there will be more DLCs and there will be more discounts, but if the current trend continues, potential customers are nickel and dimed right from the beginning, and the aforementioned ratio drops. (And unlike microtransaction based online games where good content is given for free in exchange of cash shop purchases for other stuff.)I'm not saying that Stellaris is bad game, or you are likely not having fun playing it.  Hell if you can get the whole game plus its numerous DLC/packs for 50% of the combined price, then go for it.  Otherwise, unless you really dig scifi 4X games, it's gonna be a degrading amount of enjoyment coming from a bunch of developers whom you'd dislike more the more you find out about their practices."
76561198000277399,Not Recommended,281990,32539767,Posted: 18 June,all,Muddy Waters,"♥♥♥♥ you, Paradox.- The community."
76561198047294940,Not Recommended,281990,31598821,Posted: 7 May,all,stevenbadman,"Pretty non-plussed so far. I struggled with the UX / playability from the start. I find many of the features counter intuitive, and hard to learn in that sense. Systems and sectors are an ordeal to get your head around let alone get to work for you (thought you don't have much choice in having to adopt them) Maybe I am just in the early, thankless mode so far, where I don't control enough to start enjoying it. Anyway, decent game I guess, but I don't understand the rave reviews most users give it to be honest."
76561198283002818,Recommended,281990,23224411,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FatherAngelo,"I have played stellaris for about 20 hours and I'm just getting to the good part on my first account. I feel as if there is much more to come, but most reviews say that it is a dead end once you get further in the game. Overall, I have noticed that the AI could be a little better and so could the sciences. Good Game."
76561198011763174,Recommended,281990,23298529,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The Gimp,"I don't know whats worse. This, or cracktorio.   10/10"
,Recommended,281990,23781034,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JokerFett,"Let me start by saying that I'm not a Paradox fanboy.  While I've had my fun dabbling in Cities: Skylines, I've never been quite able to break into Paradox's ""hard strategy"" games like CK2 or EUIV.  The five hours total that I have spent playing Crusader Kings 2 were five hours of essentially bumbling around in the dark trying to figure out how to assassinate a sibling.  With that in mind, Stellaris is one of the best gaming experiences I've had in years.What it comes down to is that Stellaris is a game that completely understands its genre and I'm not just talking about strategy.  This game nails Science Fiction through emergent storytelling that unfolds as you expand your empire.  The initial thrill of venturing out of your home solar system for the first time, not sure what you'll find at the other end of an FTL jump.  The uncertainty that comes with making first contact with a sentient alien race.  Tackling the moral dilemas of slavery, war, and artificial intelligence.  And then of course the crescendo of facing one of the endgame crises that can mean the extincition of your civilization.  The best way I can put it is to imagine Star Trek except you're everyone in the Federation.  You're a scientist charting new worlds and civilizations and deciding to respect or violate the prime directive.  You're an admiral facing down an enemy fleet. And you're a diplomat juggling the needs of friends and foes alike.  Now that is an experience that I've truly never had in a videogame before, even other strategy games.  I give Stellaris the highest of recommendations and I imagine I'll be playing it for years to come."
,Recommended,281990,28424656,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[PrWh] Dragonisser,"Awesome game if you play with friends togheter, otherwise youre literally fuxxxx, because the ai always has a bigger empire than you, no matter what you do."
76561197969459767,Recommended,281990,23333153,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Nighthaunter,"One sentence review: It's Like Sins of a Solar Empire, except good."
,Recommended,281990,23230769,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Clusterfock,"It's really fun. Played 2 short rounds to learn the basics of the game (about 4 hours) then played my 3rd empire, started that game at 1pm, looked at the time after a little and it was 11pm! Time just flew, always kept me going just a few more things to do.Ill be starting my next game here in a few minutes as i learned not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off fallen empires in early or mid game, guess they dint like my expansion... woops!"
76561198004131548,Not Recommended,281990,24782429,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,slinkytwf,"Stellaris is, at heart, Sword of the Stars III. Given that the original SotS was excellent and that SotS II was almost as good as Master of Orion III (snark intended), it's hard to guess how it turned out until you play it for a while.The early game is solid, with interesting choices for Xploitation, Xpansion, and Xploration.However, after the initial XXX phase is over, the game settles into a long, drawn-out death rattle of tedium from which you cannot avert your eyes and let the game progress in real-time because the developers removed almost all of the user-configurable auto-pause triggers from the game (they are just not there, an issue that also plagues the more recent Hearts of Iron IV). The recent ""Asimov"" patch does not cure the boredom-inducing real-time zombification of being forced to remain glued to the screen while you wait an interminably long time for things to happen or for your influence resource to creep high enough to allow you to make further progress.That missing feature is enough for me to tip this review from generally positive to generally negative."
76561198030598611,Recommended,281990,23617000,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,-=WavE=-,Feels like i was kidnaped by aliens for 150+ hours %)
,Recommended,281990,23454648,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Patches,"Mixed feelings about this one... This is because segments of the game are not all on the same level.The first half of the game is absolutely fantastic. This part of the game is good enough to make me not care about Civ 6. It's got exploration and interesting events... It's genuinely enjoyable.Then you reach the second half of the game, where things start to slow down rapidly. The third quarter has you trying to convince other factions to join your Alliance (so you can build a Federation)... but the aliens are hard to convince. By the last quarter of the game, you'll be fed up with trying to convince people to join you and just start conquering them. There's a few possible late-game events referred to as ""crisis"", but they don't do enough to shake up the status quo. Nobody is going to ask for help, you'll be lucky if they even let you help.The devs do appear to have plans to fix most of my issues with the game (based on dev diaries)."
,Recommended,281990,23456464,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Doc_,Everyone in the world should buy this game
76561198030742739,Recommended,281990,23461140,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Edible Cookies,"Takes the decent aspects from previous 4X space games and combines them in a new but familiar format. As the game progresses through time so does the gameplay. The beginning part of the game is just you expect; no technology a huge unexplored galaxy and pirates. The mid game is rather lacking in content with not much to do other than interact with the rather simplistic AI in my taste. The late game is rather new in the sense that it  throws a wrench in any plans for galactic conquest be it from robots, interdimentional reapers, or potato sack monsters whose only goal is to ruin yours. Definitly a fun game with a solid core but will require a little work on the AI and event systems. Luckily this is a Paradox studio game and will get that and much more in the future."
76561198101862968,Recommended,281990,23462731,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Star Destroyer,great game
,Recommended,281990,23468684,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Χ Ξ Σ,"I will start the review a bit more differently.Do you remember a Maxis game called Spore ? Well if you do you might aswell remember the last stage of the game which consisted mainly trade exploring and space battles here and there in a really fun and light way so that a kid can get into it and enjoy while still keeping it pg13 or something.Anyway what i wanted to say is that ever since then i had an itch for a game that does the 4x in space . A game that i will like and a game that seems that has potential in the future even if it is a rough skeleton of a game. Stellaris provided this for me and i hope it will remain this way.Since i don't have many hours played on it i can't maybe judge it right or without bias so i will keep updating this review whenever i feel like it.tldr : I personaly like the game and the route it seems to follow in development , yes it might be not a full game yet but i enjoyed the time played."
76561198148904622,Not Recommended,281990,35215574,Posted: 25 September,all,ArcticWolf52,"Ive played about 60 hours and this game doesn't not seem to get any different. Yeah it has nice visuals and all that but its just a waiting game after that. The early game is probably most exciting. Micromanaging your science ships and construction ship. and your growing planet population. The soundtrack gets repetitive eventually and annoying. The  Biggest pain is that you cannot expand you need influence to expand and you only get 4 monthly and if your in an alliance even less so you extremely limited. The research starts to have extreme waiting times like 60-90 months of doing nothing. Your military only just consumes energy and colonizing planets is just a waiting game. War system is horrible because you don't get anything out of the deal and its hard to control your fleet because its very limited or just made to confusing like trying to merge two fleets together or trying to find where to attack. THERE IS NO STRATEGY IN THIS GAME. The AI species are horrible as well. You can either be on their good side or bide. Insult them to go to war give them energy credits for peace. So to recap, YOU CANT EXPAND, RESEARCH (which is the only way of advancing) BECAUSE  its OVERWHELMINGLY LONG (no matter how many physics, society, or engineering points you get. WAR SYSTEM IS UNBALANCED and you don't get much for winning either or you declare war and a crap ton of other empires go to war with you which you'll definetly lose. Please do not get this game, DLC and mods won't fix this either. Get a REAL STRATEGY GAME that wont eat hours of your life."
76561197961546176,Recommended,281990,22901551,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Middleagedmanbanjo,Played as super Xenophobic race of blonde haired militaristic humans.Get endless event pop ups xenophobically warning me of the dangers of new alien races I've discovered.Spent so much money on defence to counter this fear I bankrupt my empire and lost.10/10 would build a wall again
76561197976885011,Not Recommended,281990,23648775,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Phexxer,"Edit: Much later the game has a few less bugs, but it still comes to a grinding halt due to bad optimization and parallelization. It's practically impossible to finish a game on a big map, because time stops moving even on top pcs.I read in a review that after the early game, the game comes to a grinding halt. This was true gameplay wise. On the 1000 star map after some time, things were barely progressing anymore. This is due to the lack of real diplomacy, sector management, or fleet options. The AI players don't seem like other people at all. They are completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Then the game started moving really, really slowly during each fight, probably due to bad design decisions. I would guess every rocket is modelled in order to hit the right target, in fleets with hundreds of ships. This also explains the lame 1000 fleet max size cap. While modelling every rocket exactly sounds like a fun idea, in the end you don't gain anything from it, but the game becomes very hardware demanding.I still was going to win the game, but now I encountered a game breaking bug. The game freezes for about one second, once per day change... a day change happens about once per second. This was not happening before I exited and reloaded the game, so it is the same situation in game that was working ok before.If you google for this bug, you find lots of threads, some closed by moderators from two months ago, which say that this is already known and about to be fixed. I now also tried to opt into the beta patch in order to try to fix the problem. No improvement.The game wasn't terrible, but game breaking bugs that prevent you from finishing a game aren't ok, even if the game at this state is slowly turning into an annoying grind."
,Recommended,281990,26961696,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"D-Woiks, The Truely Noob",One day starts on Earth but ends on Milky Way.Victory For Earth... and his monkeys...
76561197966586705,Recommended,281990,22890593,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mythox,this game is the best game 2016 and will be for a long time the most played RTS/4X game ever !! i will play this game all my life !!!!
76561198038117709,Recommended,281990,22890954,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Darxshad,A 4X space strategy game with a Paradox twist.
,Recommended,281990,25166558,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,TheMintiestJackalope,10/10 would conquer the world as nerds in fursuits again.
,Recommended,281990,29638665,Posted: 1 February,all,Tieralsf,"One of the best ""4x"" games I have played...... ever. This and ""Endless Space"" brought me back to a genre that has become stale and unapproachable. I even enjoyed the DLCs and feel they were worth the money. I have long been a fan of the ""Civilization"" series, and Stellaris comes as close as I have ever seen to a ""Civilization"" in space.My only ""con"" for this game is when the galaxy gets very large and very complex, the system bogs down processing. While a high performance computer could probably run it with little interruption, I feel they need to work on the program resource optimization.Solid 9/10 and money well spent."
,Recommended,281990,23207362,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Rhakyr,10PM: I'll just finish this research and get this colony going before heading to bed1AM: just need to finish this fleet of battleships  before I go to bed10/10 would damage body from sleep deprivation again
,Recommended,281990,23231017,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ReaperP13,"I have not played much but so far I really enjoy it, feels like a nice mix of EU and Civ, has the worker setup and early isolation/exploration, has a technological progression, colonization is important, all those feel like civ, diplomacy is like a very simple EU, there are barbarians of sorts, its in space and there are things you can do to make a planet habitable, have not gotten to that point yet, the combat is very EU; overall i feel it is a very good game with a surprisingly good tutorial considering the company that made it is not known for good tutorials, or even being consistent in working tutorials"
,Recommended,281990,23782910,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lambeflores,"This game is nothing but Game of Thrones in Space. I had a small alliance of 4 species with me being the most advanced by far, yet they were pretty strong. Moron A.I makes war with an impossibly strong empire which drags their and our aliance into war. Things start pretty chill because they were pretty far from me. All of a sudden, they're in my borders. They. Destroy. Everything. They occupy my planets and start taking my resources. Finally the war ends and I'm the only one who suffered major casualties: 4 of my 6 planets are now under their rule, my entire fleet destroyed. All my ports, science and construction ships gone. At least I have my homeplanet intact. Suddenly the little furballs who started the whole damn mess leaves the alliance. All of a sudden I'm in war again. Its them. They got me into a war, saw me fall, left me for dead and came back to stab me while I'm down. MOTHERF-CKER F-CKING LITTLEFINGERED ME!10/10 Would plan revenge soon"
76561197969583735,Recommended,281990,22910375,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kolbeg,"We got it all wrong, while we were all waiting for the next Master of Orion to bring us back that ""good old"" space strategy feeling.The answere was not a new iteration of an old game. They all failed.The new standard is here. This is what space strategy will try to emulate in the future."
76561198265152434,Recommended,281990,34894622,Posted: 11 September,all,Clegg,Space and even more space all of the space. By far the best part of this game for me is the massive amount of stars to explore and take over and don't forget other empires. One down side to this game is that it does take long play session to get stuff done and befor you know it boom 4 hours of your time gone. Great game 10/10 in my book.
76561198082921868,Not Recommended,281990,23020516,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Pubbie Spai,"I am a huge fan of Paradox games and eagerly awaited the release of Stellaris. At first glance it was a wodnerful game with the complexity similar to other Paradox games. The more you play however the more it falls short and despite despartely wanting to like the game I have come to the realization that it was released to early and subsequent fixes to the problems will be released as DLC. Issues found with admitedly on 50 hours of game play are:Game speed slows down to a crawl in late game large maps.Some sluggishness to be expected but this amount makes the game unplayable.War Mechanics are bugged for certain wargoals.Vazzalization wargoal requires an player to vassalize the enemy to prevent them from gaining warpoints. As a result unless you biltzkreig them at the begining they and their allies will be able to defeat you. This is with the defender winning no major fleet engagements, conquering any planets or defending their home system,No Space MarinesA major source of content for most science fiction novels and games is completely absent from this game. The ground forces of Stellaris are limited to transport ship troops on shuttles that explode almost instantly upon any engagment. As a result transporting your troops is a cat and mouse game requiring vast amounts of micro managment to get your troops across the stars. You are even unable to have a fleet comprised of both main naval ships and transport ships. Until this is fixed I will be playing other games. Bring in the invading marines that are onboard warships. Allow ships to fit a module that would allow x amount of marines to be on board.Government EvolutionYou would think that a game with many different speicies, government forms and ethos's would allow you to adapt to your current gameplay by allowing your government to reform. This is not the case. Why not allow for example a military dictatorship that expands and incorporates multiple different species to reform into a true democracy? It makes sense and could be managed very well by the game.Faction SystemSimilar to the rebel system from other Paradox games the faction system is for monitoring the discontented portion of your population. Rebels can oppose the government for many different reasons but by and large are easily defeated when they rebel. Realistically speaking this is wonderful because if one planet rebels against a intergalatic empire it would be easily put down. Unfortunately this raises the question as to why Paradox put the mechanic in in the first place. It feels woefully unfinished to me and the methods for quiteing factions is vastly uncreative.All in all I am very dissapointed with the released version of Stellaris. Hopefully these bugs will not matter to you but for me the game seems like a sloppy version rushed out of production."
76561198070835290,Not Recommended,281990,24640205,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Grishka,"Pros:1) Many cool features, unique for 4X games. Especially good when describing species, that includes uplifting animals to level of sentient race, genetical modifications, creating sub-species. and so on.2) Rich diplomacy including uniting multiple empires into Federations. And stupid AI that makes it difficult to expirience.3) Lots of customization for your race and empire (that are two different things!). You can play as human, bird, or even fungus! Your ethical framework limits policies you can use. Spiritualists dislike using robots, xenophobes dislike alien neighbors, individualists won't like being transfered to other planet withour their desire.4) Good graphics and music. And game performance is quite good. At least way better that in Europa Universalis by the same devs.5) Balance slows down development of big empires giving smaller empires chance.6) Great moddability. There are already good mods that fix the balance and add content.Cons:1) Unbalanced. Some ethos and government types are useless even if devs stated there can be many ways to play - there is only one - simple militaristic dictatorship expansion way to do things. Three types of weapons? Well, only energy weapons are of any use - all the rest are too weak. And so on and so on. This gives game poor replayability.2) Glitchy. The game itself does not crash but ingame mechanics does not work in way it is supposed to. For instance, possibles late game crisis is robot rebellion where all your robots rebel and go to exterminate all organics - Skynet style. To counter that all AI empires start to purge robots. That includes the rebel robot nation that eventually purges itself. FACEPALM.3) Poor story telling. There is no story in the Universe. Or maybe there is, but you won't finish event chain for Precursors, there are not enough anomalies for that. IMPOSSIBLE!Conclusion: as of SUMMER 2016 I don't recommend the game. But as both developers and modders are still working to improve Stellaris, this game has potential."
,Not Recommended,281990,23611316,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,rocketman120,"Stellaris starts out rather strong, but really goes downhill in the mid to late game phases. Early exploration gives a lot of things to do, but the game itself grinds to a halt in the mid to late game where things are very static and repetitive. It's just declare war, steal some planets, repeat. Combat has no strategic depth, causing each war to have a simple battle between massive fleets that compose all of each nation's navy with the larger numbers winning that battle and effectively winning the whole war. When all this is combined with the general lack of features, the game has very litle replayability, and thus I cannot reccomend anyone buy it in its current state."
,Recommended,281990,23393459,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,t3h_gooch,The greatest space 4x game since Master of Orion 2.  I'm thoroughly enjoying Stellaris and I can't wait to see what Paradox will do with it.
76561198182937205,Recommended,281990,29735704,Posted: 5 February,all,TheSamsquamsh,"Stellaris is like sex- it can be really, really, REALLY good, or it can be awful, embarrassing and make you question your own decision-making process. I'm going to give it a thumbs up because the good moments are just so good. Recently, I joined a friend (IRL) in a war and he gave me a planet as thanks for helping him. I looked over this desolated world and decided to help the poor inhabitants. I rebuilt their economy, I built medical facilities for them, and I tried to peacefully integrate them into my society. They repaid me with sabotage and terrorist attacks. So, I exterminated them. Killed every single man, woman and child. The rest of the galaxy hated me for it, but nobody could really do anything about it thanks to my battleships. The combination of decision-based continuty and the randomness of events beyond our control is perfect and its probably the number one reason I love this game. There are things I hate about this game too, make no mistake- war is, as another reviewer put it, tedious as f**k. Sometimes your admiral ignores your orders and sucidally charges into an unwinnable battle. Sometimes that one other empire is just a f**cking as***ole. But the drama of it all, the symphony of the galaxy, is why I keep coming back."
,Recommended,281990,22958762,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[RUS] Election Hacker,"Invade and ensla... I mean ""uplift"" all the tiny weak nations and the primitive aliens. Highly recommended for all neocons, militarists, and energy executives.GWB/911"
76561198008366566,Not Recommended,281990,32634761,Posted: 21 June,all,ramirezjr1625,"As a company I love multiple of there titles such as CK2, EU 4, Stellaris, and have put may hours in them. Though I enjoy the companies games I can not stand by their greedy business practices and watch them raising thier prices of their old games and charging an outrages amount of money for thier DLC to play the complete game!  For this game now in order to play the complete version of the game  is now bordering as the exact total of what the games origional cost. If nothing is done this game could end up like CK2 were it cost over $200 to play the game. For this no recommended !"
76561197991736942,Recommended,281990,23228659,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Victory Toker..,"THIS IS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW, SEE MY UPDATED REVIEW BELOW IT>How to review this.... well, I started playing it on a thursday if memory serves and oly played about a half hour... thought meh, its okay..Then, friday night happened...   I played for what felt like a while, realizing that this game had a TON of depth of stategy to it, suddenly I had a terriblle pain in my head and I could hear birds singing outside... I had played for 11 hours... straight.This game is Awesome.   the best RTS game ive ever played bar none. For me the funnest part of any Conquest rts style game is the empire building that happens at the start long before the wars happen... this game never really seems to end, you are not going to kill of an entire enemy civilization in one fell swoop, much as it would be in reality you must manage your forces well to both defend home sectors, collect resources, trade, produce, and Occupy planets that you have taken over. you will not play this game in 1 sitting, ive played 53 hours in only 5 sittings and Am only now realizing the depths of this, it has not yet become routine and my strategy has been forced to adapt continually to survive. I was almost destroyed by an enemy ( who posed as a friend and geve me minerals for a looong time only to suddenly and unexpectedly exploit my boarder permissions ) only to gain the upper hand with a battleship and a awesome skilled commander ( thank you spider warrior named Hasooon ), that civilization is now a vallal under my own and hates me passionatelly bet cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I own everything of theirs and when they try to revolt BAM install my slave governer and enslave the whole planet, eventually they will learn to not revolt.the game happens 1 day at a time... your governers get old and wiser and then ( sometimes at bad bad times ) die.. I had a big fleet fighting off some invaders and didnt realized the notification that my commander in charge had died.. I was buisy scouting new galaxys only to realize that 90% of my ships in that fleet were destroyed. :(   the A.i. is unforgiving and the game is IMO birlliant.  If you like strategy games, THIS is the game you should get right Now... but be warned, my sleep has severely suffered as a result.    it does have a learning curve, and seems like a lot to take in at first but its actually pretty easy to learn... and it has yet to get stale, new things keep happening that keep me thinking and on my toes....  this is the game Ive long awaited.   Elite Dangerous would benafit by examining this engine instead of having a billion systems with nothing at all happening and nothing to do but grind grind grind..Stallaris.Build buildings, manage populace, design and build your own ships, expand your boarders and empire, negotiate treatys and conflicts, hire and fire generals, governers, admirals, scientists, manage research tech, manage fleets and starports, I could literally go on and on and on forever about how much depth the strategy has... also you dont necisarilly need to win by war means, you could be defensive and win by having the majority of the planets and systems.. ( which you can explore and terraform also )This is actually the longest review Ive ever done on a game ever..    buy this game..   AND it feels like its polished and clean unlike so many recent games released in the past years.This is quickly becoming my favorite game... now, I just need to remember to set an alarm to stop playing cause it hurts my brain to play game for such long periods... but even with the brain pain when i turn it off and go away I find myself in my day to day wondering ""should I destroy that ignorant mushroom looking civilization for takin g over that sector i wanted ? ""    and how will I do so... maybe i will wait for another 100 years..    So far more than 2000 years have gone by on the time scale...   ive not yet tried the online and am not entirely sure how it will work so I cant comment there, but I have faith that it will also be awesome.UPDATED...well, its too long.. sorry but multiplayer is rediculous. also the game gets really really buggy towards the end of game when there is too much happening. not slow, actual bugs.. like  buttons dont do what they are supposed to type bugs.. this annoys the hell out of me that I had to play a game for 30 hours over multiple days just to discover this. also diplomacy means nothing against AI, and you will war just Cause... and when you do you can blob your entire Fleet together and just go kill off the enemys mining platforms and it4 cripples their entire empire... they never think to do this to you though, instead opting for planetary invasions even if they are doomed to fail.  just for fun, yesterday I made war with 14 different species in the galaxy... they still warp into my sector filled with fortresses and die... constantlly... not learning at all....   after my previous review I feel sad to say it, but this game is not complete and in all its stuff it lacks some simple details that are far more important. I would now recomend it on sale... seriously though, who has 16 hours straight to stay in a multiplayer game??  what were they thinking ??  final review ././... Meh"
,Not Recommended,281990,25384912,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"The fact that you can't make war demands after 90 days in a defensive war makes me give this game a thumbs down.I had a major faction declare war on me and spent 3 hours conquering every single planet they own and destroying all their units. Result? You have to give ALL of it back to them. You would think that if you destroy all their units and take over all their plants, you could then eliminate them... No. You give it all back to them and have to wait 10 YEARS before you can declare war on them again and then have to re-do the entire process. They don't give any info that you have to make wargoals in the first 90 days, despite having the tutorials on. Fine... you re-do the entire process and wait 10 years to declare war on them... Want to then eliminate them completely? You can't, you can only select a few planets that you can conquer and then have to wait another 10 years before declaring war again. 30 years go by to defeat a weak enemy. What a terrible system.First 2 hours of the game is learning the gameplay. Next 12 hours is great. The sound and graphics are beautiful. Then you realize lack of depth in the endgame, it gets repetitive and easy, and then you notice ground-breaking missing features that are just annoying.Research tree is randomized.... You may have to wait a LONG time before you get what you need. This is somewhat strategic, but mostly annoying. Other games handle this way better. Combat based research is always WAY overpowered.Wait a year or two before things are fixed, balanced, and all the DLC comes out. The game has fantastic potential and I am sure the problems can be ironed out. I will happily change this to a thumbs up if at least some of the above problems are fixed."
,Recommended,281990,25184144,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Another Creation,"Play nice, join the biggest alliance as fast as you can, be their slave. Work for them. Yes they are incharge .... for now. Rush tachryon Particle Lances. Disappear from the alliance. Start destroying local factions.You get a message. Its weird and you dont understand what happened until about an hour later ingame. Then you notice it. When did this race called Unbidden appear? Where did that pesky AI go who was your greatest rival. Oh Lord."
76561198049668877,Recommended,281990,30112326,Posted: 22 February,all,Rockheart,"Any sci-fi lover should have this game. I cannot recommend it more, even at full price."
76561198044968070,Recommended,281990,22917395,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,YumOrNo,Got this game upon release.  Played it for a solid 27 hours before I realized I needed to eat and sleep.
76561198029341938,Not Recommended,281990,23175869,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,xX_YungMao_Xx,"At first I was hesitant to write a review with having such a short amount of time played, but after seeing the other negative reviews and their significantly larger number of hours played, as well as watching a lot of YouTube gameplay before making my decision and going for a refund, I now feel confident with giving this game a thumbs down.Now, don't get me wrong: The game isn't bad. It's just severely lacking in content, which is a common Paradox strategy, as it opens up the door for them to bleed your wallet dry in the future with great quantities of DLC. Which is fine, because with every DLC the game becomes better. But it means that the base game, at the time of release, is often barebones, and that is the case with Stellaris.The game is basically this: explore new systems, colonize them, build structures to harvest resources from them, build a massive fleet to wipe out whatever unknown force is occupying the next system, and then explore/colonize/build/etc in that one, one by one until you win. There's very little depth to civic administration, and combat is just throwing numbers at smaller numbers and watching as attrition plays its part. There's very little substance to the gameplay, and in the mid to late game, it becomes an almost unmanageable micro-fest with more time spent paused than playing (unless you're REALLY good at micro).As it currently stands, it's not worth it. In 6 months to a year, sure, there will be new content which makes the game better. But for now, hold off on it, unless you wanna get it on the summer sale. And even then, be warned."
76561198024469649,Not Recommended,281990,24898262,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,"I left the very first review I wrote of Stellaris below.They tried to remedy the midgame void with some kind of success.Now the end game is empty really.But more than this, it is the lack to attention to details and all the incomplete elements of the game which forbid me to recommend an amateurish software development.For example :- the devs decided to remove auras from the ships themselves to keep them to defense stations only. Well kinda. For example they forgot to change the state of the aura you get from the fortress.So you can research it for 2 years for nothing : you can't use it at all. Too man game elements like this one are in the game but not usable because of a lack of development.Also you will have to look online to understand how elements of the game work, and the auras is just one element amongst many.Let's not forget the absolutely awful interface, not giving you proper information (just a general number) about your fleets, forcing you to click 3 times when 1 would be enough (hey how about focusing on the army you launched in space instead of forcing you to launch it, then find it in the horribly rigid listing of pyour space thingies, and then click it ; same thing goes for the defense stations really, just allow to click on their icon  in the general map ... but nooooo  that would be too intuitive, you have to zoom to the system and seletc th physical station with a click).The UI feels like a 1990 badly thought Schwarzeneger movie.When you have to jump through these UI dumb hoops over and over again, you wish you could punch iin the face the ine person responsible for it all it there was one really.Yay.This kind of lack of attention is encountered throughout the game.Unfinished story lines.Unfinsihed quest lines.- All these problems were there from the beginning and have still not been adressed in the latest patch 1 year after release.So yes : amateurish development and following up on the elements of the game.Still here one year after. Mocking customers through their attention to implementation.I said this would be a good game when copmpleted some years from now. But the rate of corrections of non complete or blocked out quests simply hanging there for no reason, the lack of seriousnesss of the developpers on their game elements still forbid me to recommend the game.Oh you will spend a long time with it. And you will get frustrated when encountering half developed elements of it all.Wasting your investment in hours long games because of lack of follow through capacity from developers.It  is not even is as if the logical sequences are very complicated to correct really, it looks more like ther is a lack of man power investment of a high selling game to correct a faulty piece of software.And despite the investement of what lookss like a 2 person team t deveolop Stellaris to a full game, it is still an incomplete piece of oo often encountered broken software through out your play through.So much potentiual to waste for a lack of investment is a real stain on the professionalism of Paradox, hence my  still negative review.\Original review after release :The released game is barebone and buggy : you will spend your time accelerating time and waiting for whatever new meaningless research you have to go throuh.There is pretty much no visual feedback to your progression and tech advances. None.The only way to have any meaningfull enjoyable with the game is if you add a lot of mods to it.And even then will the whole largely defined middle game experience (80% of the game) be empty and shallow.Game mechanics that should work simply don't because they are bugs and once again you will need mods to correct those as there is no clear indication from the devs what is working and what is not.Maybe in 2 years with some DLC will this be any good.Right now it is just shiny and giving a good enough illusion of depth for most people to be happy, begin 10 games, finish 1 eventually, or maybe rather just giving up in the end when the victory conditions are just impossible to reach in any interesting manner.But don't get fooled, there is no AI and nothing to do besides waiting for your researches to advance and trying to make any meaning of the stupid stupid stupid way the whole conquer and war and diplomacy and trade (non existant) is implemented.It is unbelieveable how gullible people are and how companies can get away releasing such an unfinished product hidden behind a bit of graphical niceties. Such a game and its hype and broken mechanics is a pretty good reason not to buy games anynore.Never again from this dev."
,Not Recommended,281990,33950711,Posted: 1 August,all,Jota,"At the beginning I was very impressed with this game: interesting content, nice soundtrack and the sensation that every game I started was different and could lead to many outcomes. As time passed I found that the game engine is not prepared to handle large galaxies and a lot of activity in the late game in a smooth way. Not only battles but also the whole game has unbearable lag at that point.The ideas are good, but I can't recommend the game in its current state due to performance issues I described, even if you are far ahead of the minimum requirements."
76561197970289053,Not Recommended,281990,23022880,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Shepherd,"Stellaris makes a great first impression.  The game looks great.  The interface is easy to use.  The font for the text is actually readable (I'm looking at you Distant Worlds).  The early game is very addictive.  The science ship exploration stuff works.  Setting up mining and research stations is a bit simplistic but still diverting.  And the colony management is fairly well done.Unfortunately, then the game transitions to the mid game, where is falls flat.  Instead of constant expansion (part of 4""x""), the borders of your empire stagnate as you jut up against one random alien race or another.  Diplomacy bogs down to the old math equation of what your faction is and how much whatever you are offering is worth to the target.  The game displays this in numeric terms which is about as dry as shoe leather.  So you invade to get the ball moving again and are immediately beset with ""war goals"", as though instead of an all powerful space empire who attacks when and where you please you must first sit down and write a note to the other side with the appropriate grievances you have.""Dear Adolph, we object to you and demand the liberation of A) France B) Belgium C) Poland...""  and so on.  It's ridiculous.Diplomacy is a slog, or worse, a non-event.  Combat itself is simplistic.  No naval tactics.  The various sides fly to point blank range and circle around firing at each other.  Ship design basically boils down to focusing on one of three types of weapon systems (lasers, missiles, or projectiles) and how many shields or armor you can power into your ships.  No boarding.  No fighters.  No individual ship experience.Which is kind of a shame.  Because it looks great and for the first few hours you'll be having a blast.  The leader leveling system is kind of neat.  Some of the science events that pop up are cool.  Sadly, this all goes by the wayside further in and you are left staring at various colored blobs on the map wondering if you maybe colonize a planet before your rival.The game has potential, but ultimately falls well short of what I believe is the best 4x game available now, Distant Worlds Universe.  That game has a civilian economy that is fairly complex and outside the player's direct control.  Pirates that make more than a guest appearance in one battle early on in the game.  And frankly, the ability to attack who you damn well want to and go where you damn well want to without having to write a note or have a committee meeting.  Also, that Star Trek mod!Stellaris looks good at first.  But much like some strange brew of tea you initially approve of, it has an unpleasant aftertaste.  IGN got it right, don't believe the fan boys.  ""DLC will add espionage and the fun"" is not an argument in favor of the current release."
,Recommended,281990,28522966,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,soulmata,"In typical Paradox fashion, Stellaris is a game that will not disappoint if you are in it for the long haul. It's not for the casual, with a steep learning curve, and feels a bit immature compared to the existing (and intimidating) Paradox lineup. I'll say with conviction Stellaris is the best 4x space sim that's ever been made. Not for any specific domain or aspect of the game, but for how it's all put together.If you're an existing Paradox fan, you might feel a bit disillusioned at first, primarily because Stellaris doesn't yet have the depth that, say, Crusader Kings does. Diplomacy has little subtlety, for instance, and the AI tends to get super lethargic as the game drags on. However, combat is intricate and refined, the expansion mechanics are fun and rewarding, the challenge level is very flexible, and you see the roots of a lot more that Paradox has in store.A lot of people are saying they're going to wait until Paradox pushes out a bunch of expansion packs or DLC or whatever. After having spent 100+ hours, I'm going to say don't wait. The game as-is is fantastic, worth the price of admission, and unlike many fire-and-forget developers, you know Paradox will come up with something every few months that keeps you interested. Play it for a few weekends, have a blast, get burned out, then come back and learn to love it all over again.For a quick comparsion to other titles: Egosoft and the X series is the heavyweight champion of the space sandbox. Frontier and Elite take it home with the arcade combat and polish. Firaxis with the Civ series are examplary at engaging strategy. Stellaris is a game that combines all of those elements, and somehow actually make it work. It's surprising, and you won't be disappointed."
76561198008056806,Not Recommended,281990,23048506,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sylvan Princess Sprout,"Disappointed and bored. There no cloak and dagger game play here. Boring Diplomacy. No real trade/economy. It doesn't feel like a Paradox game at all yet. It's like everything that made CK2 amazing was ignored.Even the portraits are so bland in comparison. I hate seeing my species's single portrait recolored and reused over and over for my scientists, leaders, etc.It feels like I would have to play online for there to be any worthwhile co-op game play. The AI seems to just want to do their own thing. And even if they are friendly there isn't much they can do for the player.I'm sure like all the other Paradox games there will be plenty of more to come. I will revise my review and take Stellaris off the shelf at later date... At this very moment I've spent more time browsing the workshop trying to find mods to make this game fun than in the actual game...I've wasted countless years on EU1 2 3 4, CK2, Vic1 2 and I look forward to coming back to to this game when it is not so boring as well."
76561198012209407,Recommended,281990,22890980,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SexualChocolate,"Enslaving other aliens is quite fun.  Dealing with the rebellions, not so much."
76561198037587505,Recommended,281990,23269370,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Wilted - Still no PC,"Going to come out with this a bit late, only 81 hours in. This game is not perfect, it has flaws like all games. Some things are straight up better then others (looking at you Wormhole FTL). You can get ♥♥♥♥ed very quickly by a bad start, as is what happens in most randomized games like this.I will say this though, I recommend this game completely. This is the golden jewel of Paradox. Patches are coming out with many fixes to the problems that plagued game at launch. (Looking at you, Corvette Spam)The foundation of this game is there, and it is made of marble and gold. Probably the best Space 4X game I've played in a very long time. It's up to Paradox to continue to flesh this game out, as while it's pool is slightly more shallow then I want. Paradox has a lot of digging equipment to give this game the depth it deserves."
76561198007308399,Recommended,281990,23198021,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sarius,"Sooo, Stellaris finally. Greatly hyped, greatly anticipated, greatly dissapointing in the end for some. Is it perfect? No. Can you kill an whole species, enslave humanity and essentially make them pets? Yes. So, easily best game of 2016 10/10But yeah, seriously. The game fundamentally works, is fun and has an good early game. BUT. It stumbles hard in the midgame, doesn´t really get up in the mid-late game, and falls even harder in the very late game. Bad diplomacy, currently unbalanced combat, and an meh AI (note that i wrote this before the Clarke update went out, so the last two things will get fixed soon).So, why do i still recommend it? Because it is fun. And because PDS developed it. It might not be perfect now, but infiltrating an primitive species to make them slaves just never stops being great. And it will only get better."
,Recommended,281990,22886561,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Keweiler,1000 hrs here we go paradox! :)
76561198060688760,Recommended,281990,31470910,Posted: 30 April,all,Leo,"I like genocideThis game let's me genocideTherefore, I like this game"
,Not Recommended,281990,33539208,Posted: 14 July,all,A Fucking LEAF,"The game basically still unfinished, the DLC is overpriced, and the Devs continually treat their customer base like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198003787583,Not Recommended,281990,33442776,Posted: 10 July,all,InSpades,I love this game.  Really good game if you can find it on sale.  Player made mods really make this game shine.  With that said...I am starting to really dislike the company behind this game.  CEO's recent comments leave a lot to be desired.  Price gouging on older titles.  Insane prices for DLCs that should really have been updates.  Who here wants to pay $260 for a game that has been out on the market for 4 to 5 years?
,Recommended,281990,23150779,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"This game will keep you glued so much that you might miss work, watchout.. I have yet to get to end game. It took a few remakes to understand the best way to do things, or what to build for, or what the capabilitys and how the planet cap system works. All in all game is amazing. If you like Civ 5, but felt it needed a bit more to maintain, this is the game is for you!I added a list of mods that are amazing, and should be added to base game, check my collections and add what you like."
76561198012153515,Not Recommended,281990,23392779,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jay Mac,Great for the fist few hours then you realize 75% of the game is missing and will come out in DLC.
,Recommended,281990,23009636,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,nacon,"Having played this game like a second job since release, I can recommend Stellaris as a flawed but great space 4x/Grand Strategy game. The premise of the game revolves around building an empire within a single galaxy (of between 100-1000 stars.) One wins by controlling 40% of colonizable worlds (there are a lot) or subjugating every other empire on the board. The game can be broken down into early, middle, and late game portions, and I'll review the game across those parts.Pre-Game:+You have the opportunity to build a custom race from scratch - do it! The deep level of race creation will define who your empire is, what their ethos are, and what their government is. This will dictate much of how the game plays for you once you start the game. Great customization and depth.Early-Game:+The Early Game exploration is fantastic. It's simply the best example in the genre of a small empire starting out and everything being mysterious/threatening/interesting. The event chains, especially in the early game, add a huge amount of flavor and vibrancy to the universe; there are some event chains that will only appear in a given galaxy, so you won't see every possibility in a single game.+Planet management is solid; you will balance food/minerals/energy/research on your first planets carefully to optimize the path that your empire is taking. There are meaningful choices on the tiles that you will manage (whether to enhance them or bulldoze them), along with some basic base-placement mechanics.+Your empire is run by individuals at this point; the leaders of your empire are its governors, scientists, admirals, and generals. Choosing the right individual for the job is well-done, and you do get to know certain admirals or governors as their stories progress.+Ship design is meaningful and there are at least a few choices you'll need to pursue; the weaponry breaks down into energy/mass drivers/missiles early on, and the distinction does matter against the various types of defenses in the game (shields/armor, and there balance thereof.)Mid-Game:+Sectors are a feature that you are required to use as your empire grows; you have a core segment of planets that you are allowed to manage, while you will need to create independent administrative sectors to manage your planets in excess of the limit.-Finding the right balance with sectors can be difficult, and unintuitive; you'll often face factions wanting independence for their sectors.+Sectors reduce the amount of micromanagement that you have to do for a given set of planets; you can assign priorities, and a few constraints, and generally your sectors will execute on this reasonably well; your sectors can be lead by a governor who confers benefits or penalties to his administrative zone based on his traits.+/- Population management becomes more complex at this point; you may have multiple species in your empire, with different ethos and ideas and preferences. If you like the detail of assigning the correct populations to the correct tasks on your planets, this is pretty enjoyable. For many, it's an opaque exercise in micro-managing.+/- At this point in the game you've likely met all the surrounding empires, and have probably found a few that will just dislike you no matter what.+The ways in which you can interact with unfriendly empires are fairly interesting; you can conquer them and try to assimilate their populations, or you can ""liberate"" their worlds to force their newly formed government to adopt your ethos and outlook.+Warfare is the most interesting at this stage in the game; managing your fleets to create the right fighting force to face down threats makes all the difference; a 1k-strong fleet can easily beat a 2k-strong fleet if it's built to counter the stronger fleet.+The research system shines at this point in the game, as well; you generally select techs based on a 'card' system - you have 3+ techs to choose to research in three different areas.Late-Game:+Generally, alliances have formed and Federations (cooperative governments) have assembled at this point in the game. You as a player have formed a federation or are a member of an alliance, and will be facing off similiarly-sized groups of alien nations.-The nuance of combat breaks down, somewhat, at this point; blobbing large fleets tends to be more important than composition (though it can still matter.)-The path to victory is something of a slog a this point; that's not to say that it's not still interesting, but you'll find yourself doing many of the same things for decades on end.+Late game technologies offer interesting, 'dangerous' choices - research that represents a fundamental societal shift that could threaten your empire.+Late game crises occur at this point in the game; these are large existential threats to the galaxy as a whole, that generally require a huge amount of resources to defeat. While these threats are different in flavor, they are mechanically similar.Other Notes:+The soundtrack is amazing; think Interstellar and Star Wars.+The graphics are good. Most objects are done with good detail, the animated portraits for races are great.+There is a significant amount of replayability in this game.+There is even more replayability through mods, which are out in droves at this point.Things I want to See:-Right now, Corvettes are just... overpowered. Defensively-built evasion fleets with some point defence just win. Destroyers and Cruisers need a buff.-Fire control on one's fleets leaves a lot to be desired; if I have 5 battleships, they'll focus fire a single corvette when they could kill 1 corvette each with their available weaponry in a single volley.Summary:I recommend this game, though there are points that become tedious or unfun at times. This is one of the best representations of a 4x/Grand strategy in space that I've ever played, even with its flaws."
76561198052270822,Not Recommended,281990,33665908,Posted: 19 July,all,Sabertooth,"Stellaris is Unpolished and unfinished despite it being more then a year after release it is still a fundementally broken game with brain dead AI and a massive lack of content. As it stands I have put a significant amount of time into the product expecting it to improve beyond its bare bones begining but have been very dissapointed with how the development has been handled.A notable inabillty to address large scale problems with the games design has ended with entire parts of gameplay being left in a very sorry state with the AI being unable to handle the end game crises to missles being an entirely useless line in the tech tree.This game is generally fun so long as the new and flashy feeling still holds however, once you start to dig into the systems of the game you will realise that it is broken and has been so for a long time. I cannot recommend this product in the state that is in and has been in since it was released in May of 2016."
,Recommended,281990,23336317,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kabis,Amazing 4X game.My only complaint is that the UI can be a bit frustrating to grasp at times. You can play the game for multiple hours only to realize there are entire game features you\'ve been missing out on because the UI had them hidden behind cleverly disguised buttons.
76561198071754576,Not Recommended,281990,33942171,Posted: 31 July,all,akacaptain,"After putting more than 350 hours into this game, I can honestly say that I don't like it, for the following reasons:1. No control over combat, which is just boring (no tactics) and broken (new tech doesn't make much difference).2. No control over tech research. I have 3 options every time, and every time the one I really want is missing.3. No control over sectors. The AI is not too bad, but I can't decide to do something specific (like building special buildings). I just have to hand planets down to the sector AI and watch.4. War mechanics just don't make sense to me. An empire I'm at war with colonizes a planet in my backyard. I invade it, but I can't take the planet since the rest of the enemy colonies are too far away and I can't reach them with my fleet. Additionally, in mid-late game AIs are allied all together and I have to declare war to half the galaxy to conquer 2 miserable planets. Finally, I have to wait 10 years before declaring war again to the same empire I really hate. War is  painful!5. I don't particularly like the fact that the game is in real time. I would have preferred a turn-based game. Playing hide and seek with AIs fleets is just excruciating.6. Mid late game is just boring. After amassing a huge fleet, all you have to do is declare war, conquer 2 or 3 colonies and wait 10 years. Rinse and repeat.7. Diplomacy is just barebones, nothing more.8. DLCs are too expensive.Of course there are also good aspects in this game:1.	Graphics are beautiful.2.	Events are fun.3.	Mods are numerous and can change the game significantly.4. the rest of the game mechanics are well designed.I really wanted to like this game, but I finally realized that it’s not for me. This is depressing!"
,Not Recommended,281990,22950225,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,theatracor,"Could have been good, but it is not that great.The early game is the very strong part of the game. You really try to get any bonus. Exploring is really intense. You are always looking out for a good planet to colonize and you try to get any bonus by investigating every anomaly. There are many different anomalies out there, but not enough for a second game session or for a long game on a big map.When you overcome all the other equal starting empires, there is no real threat (except for some special events), because the ancient empires are passive and you can engage them, when you are really ready to fight them.Also the K.I. is really bad in wars. Allied empires only support you. They don't really try to make any own moves, they only follow your fleet.The Battles look great in the early game, when your fleets are small. But when the fleets get bigger, the game will stutter. No matter how good your PC is, at some point your game will stutter.During war you don't have many possibilities, you only have the decisions to send your ships in the right moment in. Everything else is decided by your ship layout and amount of ships.I also had many really nasty bugs. For example my main fleet engaged the enemy main fleet, but they were both too far away from each other to shoot at each other. So nothing happened. I was only able to send in new fleets from behind to engage them. Luckily I was strong enough to build up a fleet which was able to destroy the enemy fleet. Really this was the worst bug ever.So listen to my advice and wait! Don't buy it yet. It still has many bugs. And wait until it is cheaper and until Paradox finishes this game with some more DLCs."
,Not Recommended,281990,33476544,Posted: 12 July,all,♰ Morslyte ♰,"""Welcome to Paradox Inc, where we value your shekels more than our reputation.""Buy this, and any Paradox game, and be prepared to have your wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with DLCs. DLCs will attack you out of nowhere, and most of the time they have not even put any effort into anything, on contrary, it seems they just deliberately mess up the game if you don't have their latest DLC. And you who loved the game already, wasn't looking for any more changes, satisfied with the insane price you already paid, there is no escaping it! They will shove you more DLCs and you will have to buy it or your game will be ruined!Furthermore: Paradox deliberately increases prices before Sales, as to scam you off by bypassing the sales organised by Steam and still pose as if they were there.Do yourself a favour: stay off this! Stay off Paradox."
76561198013481489,Recommended,281990,27090270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,anus_weinus,ALL HAIL OUR ROACHOID OVERLORDS
76561197982563601,Not Recommended,281990,25876016,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bpy6,"When an army obliterates a two times greater army without sustaining much damage, thanks RNGsus, it becomes apparent that there's something really wrong with the balance.Stay away if you want a solid balanced strategy game not plagued by RNG.Diplomacy is almost non-existent. There are 10 options to be enemies with other empires and a single option to be friendly, maybe two.Needs ~4 more DLCs and a complete rebalance to be good, but the potential is there."
76561197971802839,Not Recommended,281990,23183863,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lieutenant W -(FIN)-,"Buy this in 3 years, should be completed by then"
,Recommended,281990,23230340,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Daddy Damo,"*plays game for first time*Hmm, so I cant enslave pops with this government*restarts game*Hmm, I cant purge pops with this government*restarts game*Hmm, my pops are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at me for doing all of the above*restarts game*Hmm, I cant get achievements in this gamemode*restarts game*Yay, I can finally play the way I want to-♥♥♥♥♥♥ cant enslave pops12/10 would restart again"
76561198054097486,Not Recommended,281990,23340888,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,jerryfanfan,"Oh boy, Paradox pulled a Sword of the Stars 2 release again!It's buggy, unoptimized, and many features are missing.The inital release version has massive slowdowns late game, undefeatable random encounter enemy due to bugs, and game exploits like invincible corvettes and slavery.A major patch just released, and it crippled all AI empires and player's auto-managed systems by causing them to not build any buildings, which made very boring games as enemy empires just sit there and do nothing.The bugs will probably be fixed and game mechanics balanced in a year or so, by that time you can probably pick it up from the bargin bin, just like SOTS2."
,Recommended,281990,23346958,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Dr. Smiles,"If you are wondering at all whether or not to buy this, just get it.  It is the definative Space 4X since Moo2.  I've played other Space 4X and they never hit the mark Master of Orion 2 did.  Galatic Civililzation was deep, but never held my interest.  If you have never played a Paradox game before, know that this one uses the best of hte last 3 games released. Concepts from Europa Unversalis IV and Crusader Kings 2 are woven into this 4X and it works.  Multiplayer works fantastic, and it is all i've played.I have high expectations for the DLC, I doubt Paradox will let me down."
,Not Recommended,281990,31929645,Posted: 23 May,all,Allein_7,"Ha-ha, new price of this game looks ridiculous compared to all its competitors. I wouldn't buy it at the current price, if I were novice"
,Recommended,281990,31149977,Posted: 14 April,all,Heinrich von Wiesel,"Made a race called the Liberals that live on home planet UC Berkeley that orbits the star California. The government was an imperial hivemind lead by High Priestess of Satanism Hillary Clinton, who never dies.10/10 good game"
76561198064889693,Not Recommended,281990,23281636,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Knock_uu_out,"Let me start off by saying that the diplomacy is terrible. In two playthroughs I have yet to be allowed to join in an alliance with anyone. I don't know what I'm doing wrong, but I just can't get closer than -40 acceptance of letting me join. So when 2 different alliances delcare war on my only vassal, I can't do anything.I mean it seems like for me to be able to join, the alliens have to have the same traits/opinions that I do. Yet for the others, it almost doesn't matter. Except for an alliance that was formed by 5 piece loving empires, which was a cool touch. It's almost impossible to get a good trade deal, unless the other empire suggest it. I mean I just want civilian access but I just can never get it.My sectors are stupid on how they build a planet, I'd rather manage everything myself. I can't seem to be able to build up enough influence to intergrate my vassal, so I don't get anything from them. They can't do anything without me either.There are no trade lines, so I can't trade anything from planet to planet to help if I'm missing something (ie food) which sucks. If there were trade lines, I could also go after them with my fleets, which would help when I'm weaker.All in all, wait to get this game, because the more I play this, the more frustrated that I get. It starts really good at first, then it just, shows it's weaknesses hours into the game. Hopefully this will get better after nerfs and patches."
76561197998893651,Not Recommended,281990,33550950,Posted: 14 July,all,Coopers_Pale_Ale,Good game but the devs are complete scumbags who hike pricing during sales and insult their fan base for not liking a bad decision in regards to voice acting that they made knowing that it was a bad choice
76561198084503067,Not Recommended,281990,32677726,Posted: 23 June,all,GENNESIS,Nothing wrong with the game just giving a negative review for shady practice during the the steam sales.
,Recommended,281990,23231012,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Navarro,"Stellaris is a beautiful 4X strategy game set in space. From the graphics to the soundtrack, it's artistically superb. When I first launched the game, I found myself staring at the scenery and units in amazement just as I did with Witcher 3. The detail that went into the games presentation is astounding. Once you overcome your wonder and delight enough to actually start playing, you truly feel as though you're at the helm of a fledgling interstellar empire taking its first steps into space. You're excited, and you're curious. If you're like me when you set up your first game, you'll make sure to choose humanity as your race, and purposely pay no attention to the appearances or descriptions of any other: you'll want to be surprised. As your first survey ship leaves your home system, you'll wonder what awaits it. You know you're not alone, but where are they, and what're they like? The immense depth you've already seen so far has inspired the highest expectations in you. You know only that they'll be interesting and unique. Suffice to say, you won't soon find yourself disappointed, but I won't spoil it for you.As the game progresses, you might find that Stellaris isn't a game without problems. The signature Paradox Warscore system throttles progress through conquest, leaving the game's pace best suited for only the very most patient gamer. Luckily a few campaigns and a handful of conquered systems later, you'll find more efficient strategies for handling warscore, and the pace will seem more reasonable. There's three beginning methods of propulsion to choose from in the game, such as warp, and those other methods can be frustrating to counter. Your adversary may bypass your border defenses entirely and appear instantaneously at the center of your empire, where it could theoretically raid you with impunity, attacking your stations then moving onto the next system before your warp ships had the chance to respond to the first. This isn't a circumstance in which there's no answer, but it can and will be frustrating, especially at first. Once you do catch up with the attacking fleet, its likely to simply retreat rather than allow you to destroy it. Makes sense, but it also makes annoying. You're gonna be chasing fleets of raiders around the galaxy before you know it: They attack, you intercept, they retreat, they attack, you intercept, they retreat, ad infinitum, or so it might sometimes seem.Is Stellaris worth it? Yes, absolutely, beyond any doubt. Will the mechanics designed to artificially lengthen and otherwise forcefully shape the game frustrate you at times? Yes, absolutely, beyond any doubt. Buy Stellaris now, and envelop yourself with the beauty and elegance, the depth and wonder, the mundane and vexation. Be amazed. Be annoyed."
,Recommended,281990,28928280,Posted: 1 January,all,Shino,"I bought this game for Christmas so I didn't have to spend time with my family, and proceeded to play for 24 hours in 36 hours. Absolutely wonderful game."
76561197982494901,Not Recommended,281990,30642476,Posted: 20 March,all,sundog1,"Tried to get into this and wasn't impressed, its an *ok* strategy game and i was going to recommend it until i saw the growing list of DLC developing monthly in true Paradox style. Its going to be another CK II and EU 4 - £50 of DLC and you may have a full game....atleast for 3 months until they release more :P"
76561198090358492,Not Recommended,281990,31549070,Posted: 4 May,all,foxlink,"TLDR: the Base game is empty and its mainly a buy DLCs for content game.Ive played hours on this and EU4 and CK2. and the main difference is that unlike the first two you could play the main game without DLCs. but its become apperent that paradox favored DLCs for this one. so with that said is this game really worth 100+ dollars? the base game isnt worth the 30 dollars I paid for it, its Obviously a skeleton game so that DLCs can be added onto it. so I suggest Endless Space over this game. I hope that Paradox shifts away from this system that is starting to look a lot like Sims 3let me reiterate DLCs can add a lot to the play ability and survivablity of a game. EU4 is one but this game is just disapointing. maybe it would be worth it on a sale but I have a hard time suggesting a game for 100+ dollars"
,Not Recommended,281990,24708681,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,WaKKO151,"This game was supposed to be alot of things and while it does alot of things right, its not better then Distant Worlds. They basicly made a generic 4x game and emphasized the exploration phase. Thats it."
76561197975553831,Not Recommended,281990,22987396,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Biomass,"5/10+ Massive galaxy+ Good race creation+ Multiple FTL technologies+ Side mission+ Randomised Tech choices------------------------------ Poor late game- Passive game play (even with large control of planets)- Only 4 class assult ships- Poor diplomecy choices- Conquered races takes time to integrate  (+- 10 - 1000 months which is 5 min to 2 hours at max game speed)Stellaries is a fun game with a high diverse of races to pick and create yourself, interesting side missions and side tech to collect but playing only for a few hours the game tends to slow down after all races have establisted their borders and spaces betweem each other the game then goes on a marathon of alliences and federations (which is cool). A massive scaled game with a randomised tech makes each game plays differently and  interesting, but it laks a massive tech tree to keep the game going, once reaching mid late game (I found myselft only giving +%% to already tech) which is boring.Turning to warfare the game has a pretty cool system placed in tirms of conquer and being conquered. Conquering other planets and space is done by warpoints and only then you can integrate the conquered race into your empire (which takes time to get that option plus more time for the procces to do so) the bigger the race the longer it takes.I feel that stellaries would of been a game of the year if they had brought in same experist to advise them on different techs, biology, planets and so forth. As I can see same of the technologies is pretty standerd and nothing really speciel. MMO 2 still have some unique species traits I've seen so far and a pretty high weapon base tech. over here is it just Kinetic. Missles and Lasers ( Level I, II, III, IV, V, VI)"
,Not Recommended,281990,33532778,Posted: 14 July,all,Coffee Powered,Have any criticisms with the game whatsoever?  Well then thats just because you're sexist
76561198018756205,Not Recommended,281990,28127333,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Brave Sir Robin,"I wanted to like this game. I tried playing it for more than 300 hours of game time. What I found was the AI is beyond bad. It mirrors what you do and always ends up just somehow ""before you take a planet, it takes a planet:, ""before you build a base, it builds a base"" always just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around to make it annoying rather than fun on any level. It somehow raises fleet sizes that it cannot possibly support in energy credits or otherwise. The diplomacy is really really really poor.Multiplayer - what multiplayer? The few games that are out there state tags such as ALL Welcome and then routinely deny access to the game. Not ALL welcome apparently.And as so many others have mentioned - the warscore thing and forced truce is ridiculous!No matter how many save games, reloads, etc - this game had potential and the AI is just plain poor - in diplomacy, in AI cheats to fleet size and ability to take planets, in battles. It is a long winded game that goes nowhere and I wouldnt recommend it to anyone.Very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,281990,34186315,Posted: 12 August,all,StarGaze,"Fun for a few hours, then concerns begin to creep in.Science vessel exploration is a mandatory but VERY repetitive task. My first concern was, ""Why can't I set them to auto-explore after an hour or two?""The sheer emptiness of the playing field came next. With default settings, it took many hours to find a threatening neighbour. Imagine if Paradox changed Europa Universalis to have only ten countries in all of Europe and Asia. That's Stellaris. So my second concern was, ""Will the gameplay match this emptiness?""The answer is: Yes.Diplomacy is a complete fail. The system boils down to trading minerals for energy or vice versa. No depth at all. If you fight joint wars, your ""allies"" will prematurely end wars and award you with nothing. Turns out it's best to kill everybody (RIP my Federation dreams), except for one BIG problem...Combat is terrible! The biggest ""fleet points"" will win, so you know if you'll steamroll your enemy. If the enemy fleet is bigger, just mess around until the AI splits its fleets like it always does, then take them out in bits and pieces... and watch as they retreat, again and again and again. That's right - combat in this game boils down to ♥♥♥♥ing space chasey. It's awful.You'll get frustrated with this game over and over: The banality of diplomacy, the stupidy of the AI, the non-existence of combat, and the repetition of sector management. Stellaris is a boring non-game, and I don't see how Paradox can fix it (even with the inevitable 20 DLCs)."
,Not Recommended,281990,23006522,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,The Fat Bastid,"**this is for the unpatched game**I'm sure it will eveuntally get patched and a great game will get added to the great foundation but right now I can't recommend what it currently is.Things that need fixing:1) Lists of habitable planets instead of scouring the actual map (which can get very cluttered)2) Map modes. needs at least a diplo map mode so i know who i'm at war with/ vassal status.3) Centralized diplo options. The 'empire' list is not useful and murky. Want to move an embassy? ugh.4) The system view is mostly useless but is the default view (note how galaxy view has the close view button). With a few context menus you wouldn't need it at all.5) Automation of the system surveying and construction. While the sectors can handle it, you can't give them ships and having them build ships leads to odd results of ownership (may be a bug)6) The help button is just a link to the wiki. Instead of a manual or in-game info (like the civpedia in civ) it links to an external website that is already out of date and incomplete, like all the other paradox wikis.7) In general, weak feedback to the player to understand what is going on in terms of warfare8) Can't see what pop is on a colony ship9) all the fun and interesting events stop mid game and things get boring.Things I'd like to see:1) zooming into and out of system view with the scroll wheel.Game play problems:1) Weak diplomacy and trading with other empires2) Weak internal management. I think i had 2 or 3 factions ever. Since I had maxed resources it was easy to just click a few buttons to make them go away forever. Planets never ask for anything.3) Not sure what the AI does during a war but it doesn't seem to do anything useful. Unless warping between 2 sectors over and over is useful.4) Got stuck in a war that last a few hundred years because the AI declared war on someone they couldn't actually reach"
76561197985819800,Recommended,281990,22898473,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mellow1,"This 4x space game has it what every other 4x lacks and that is great atmosphere , its the atmosphere that sucks you in and keeps you immersived even when nothing much is happening, the feeling of being there in deep space exploring the galaxy.A great contributing factor to this is the stellar soundtrack.Forget galciv and moo with their cartoon graphics this is where it's at."
,Recommended,281990,22933820,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ronnie42,"Pretty fun game. Started slowly trying to build my Gravemind fleets to help colonise the outer colonies, slowly invading worlds then I started working on clones and mutating my Flood into Xenomorph hybrids....meanwhile in a galaxy far far away Skynet was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at everyone.My AI at the time was mostly having the best holiday ever, didn't work so I killed him.After hearing the constant whining in the Delta quadrant about AI taking over systems...I started to improve my army so I could create an amazing fleet, the only problem was all the races in the galaxy thought my army was more of a threat than the Borg...Meanwhile one my planets were under attack by an ancient races of demons that were attacking my planets defences, which was quickly wiped out by teraforming the hell out of it.Ps: This was my first 1 playthrough...I daren't think what my 2nd playthrough will be like, it took me 16 hours roughly to survive before being wiped out by alliances that declared war on me because I decided to build a home-world close to theirs...not because of wiping all life on a planet.I will be back one day and I will slowly get my revenge. A dish is best served hot....because let's be honest nobody likes cold food. I will burn the worlds...unless they happen to have free Pizza."
76561198242897102,Recommended,281990,23011861,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hackedshooter,"My gameplay hours say it all, great game, few bugs here and there but overall a amazing game."
76561198052740618,Recommended,281990,22917182,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Glade,"Haegemonia on steroids, i wanted RTS master of orion and this game does that. It have deep, but understandable UI. What i dont like is the politics, you get stucked with policy range you selected on race creation. Hope mods will fix it.I want to be pacifist war monger."
,Recommended,281990,22886775,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,chicken,"The game is a change from other styled games similar to Paradox. Starting off as a deprieved and newly space funded empire and growing is the goal of the game. Researching, trading and trying to survive seem to be the main points. The game does good on what it wanted and has achieved a good equality between different points of the game.ProsAddictive, time consumingWell thought of user interfaceFairly made diplomacyRoleplay aspects in placeMultiplayerVarious options for galaxies and AIConsHaving played for long times and then going in to another game feels boring and repeative, breaks are suggestedMultiplayer game hosting feels unreliableAI can sometimes act upMinor bugsDespite the cons I would still give it a 8.4/10, I don't doubt that they won't make the game better and then my score will probably increase."
76561198025643657,Recommended,281990,22975956,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ekholbrook,"After playing 11 hours now, to me this is closest to Sins of a Solar Empire except with a lowered initial stress/panic level that too many things are happening at once in realtime.  This combines the realtime aspect, the more real 3d effect missing from others like Galactic Civ and Distant Words, but it has far more gradual 4x feel to it and I think hits a really quite perfect mix.So I would say it's40% Sins, (realtime 3D, very little automation)20% Distant Worlds, (It does have a live feel to it, that the universe is alive, and it's HUGE, and freedom to go wherever, not on a path)20% standard 4X, (alot of exploration, alot of setting up cities, planets, mining, juggleing stuff)20% Galactiv Civ genre. (Only in in the basic premise really, and the managing of planets)Overall I'd rate it so far as 85%However, there are things that bug me a bit.I don't like the separation of the solar system view and then jump to galaxy. When in a solar systems, I'd like to have a better visual sense of the galaxy around me as opposed to feeling like I'm in a closed room. A smoother transition between the two, or a seamless transition would make this game feel much much more immersive.Doesn't seem like anything can be automated as far as scouting ships, fighting things, etc. This is good and bad, and so far has been good, but I can see where it might get out of hand as it gets much larger (and it will)Hard to tell what to research next, as far as I can tell there's no ""This leads to..."" type explanation of new tech.When jumping into a solar system, the amount of icons can be overwhelming to quickly see what is happening.There's no ""easy"" mode, just normal, hard and insane. I was quickly surround in a normal game by systems and races I simply could not overcome so my game just sort of ended because I couldn't expland or jump or explore new systems.Visually it would have been nice for the planets to revolve around the sun. Again, to just bring a little more life to the whole thing instead of feeling like a static board game."
,Recommended,281990,26144175,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Roxbury,"So space games is kinda my thing. I have liked all kinds of space games since my first one i played, Homeworld. Ever since then, i can't get enough of them. I have played many great space games, and even more stupid ones that should never had been made.I have owned stellaris since it first came out. But, i never gave it the attention it deserved. I got distracted by other games such as Elite Dangerous, a personal favorite. As well as games such as No Mans Sky... Meh.  Many more in between as well.Recently, I gave this game a go, and what the hell!! This game is just fantastic! I am kicking myself for not playing this sooner and letting it collect steam dust for all these months.I am so impressed with this new breath of fresh air on a diluted 4x space game catagory.The planning and thinking you need to do to make sure your empire floats in the right direction is no understatement. It makes you think about each move you make. As even a simple wrong move can lead to dire errors that can take your empire many years to recover from, if that is even an option.The AI seems to be balanced in my opinion, I have enjoyed the challange that each race can give you at any time.Exploring is by far my favorite. Deciding what action to take on each event that comes up is a story in its own that just gives the game that added flavor that keeps you wanting just that one extra nibble.With the continued content, DLC's and what not, this game will only get better with time. I highly encourage anyone that is a fan of the genre to give it a shot.  Hopefully your experiance will be a delightful one just like mine.Disclaimer about my spelling: I suck at it. I'm a factory worker, not a english major. sorry."
,Recommended,281990,26142316,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,breh,"As a fan of PDX's previous grand strategies I was slightly disappointed that Stellaris leaned more to 4X than GS, but I had then realised something. They fixed all the problems I had with 4X games. 4X games tended to become too much micro and tedious in the late game because of the amount of endless turns due to your empire/fleet sizes that you knew 100% you'd win every battle with.It's why I absolutely hate turn-based 4X games now because they always boil down to this. Stellaris takes aspects of GS with combat, it's more about building counters and overall battle strategy than micro managing each decision of a ship, this is not a RTS, and doing that in 4X never made sense to me like in Masters of Orion. It would be impossible to do that in Stellaris because the scale of wars and battles you fight are enormous compared to typical 4X. Not just that, but they made it challenging, every 4X around the end of mid-game you've basically become impossible to stop, where as in Stellaris there are many events that can occur that completely upsets the galactic balance, it keeps a campaign fresh and unpredictable.The amount of mechanics at play in Stellaris is more rich and deep than any other space 4X, none compare to its depth, and the innovated research/tech system is a welcome changing since in other 4X games you just railroad obvious tech trees and tech/research is very stale in those games - not the case in Stellaris, tech/research is not always the same each game, plus your science ships can find new tech too, it gives that element of sci-fi from Star Trek. I have never seen a 4X game that has the diplomacy depth than Stellaris does, all other 4X games are simply ""declare war"", ""surrender"", ""give me money"". Stellaris fortunately added more depth, but still not the amount you'd expect from a PDX grand strategy like Stellaris.If you are a 4X fan you'd like Stellaris, if you are a grand strategy fan it's not 100% that, but they're working to make it more of a grand strategy by improving diplomancy to a standard it is in their other games. The developer continuously support and improve their games for years and Stellaris has a bright future."
,Recommended,281990,22884317,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Arnold,Bravo
76561197989124273,Recommended,281990,22919155,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,True Monolith,"It's horrendously addicting. If you like space games, if you ever wanted to runle your own, customized empire, this game is for you."
76561198212016748,Recommended,281990,22934462,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zarovitch,"This game is awsome, got 51 hour in and i;m hook :)i should not have start with the 1000 star right of the bat but ho well, got to learn the game some how"
,Recommended,281990,23031689,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Falling Fox,Hippy mushrooms who loved peace declared war and invaded me.10/10 would get invaded by peace loving mushrooms again.
,Recommended,281990,22889597,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Aloysius Teapot,The best part of the game is realizing that you can actualy play thhrough with a pacifist race.Because so many people go warlike that they end up killing each other and once all that's done you can just waltz over their charred corpses and exhausted fleets and take over the galaxy.Peace through superior irrelevancy.
,Recommended,281990,22952657,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ninhurt,"Sure, it's not perfect, and it has room to improve (which it will being a Paradox game) BUT for me this simply is the best game I've ever played.If you were let down by Master of Orion you will fall in love with this and find yourself leaving it running in the background just for the soundtrack :)"
,Recommended,281990,22952174,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Crusader,Good game again from paradox
,Recommended,281990,22990253,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Geist,"This game is essentially if Spore space stage, and Crusader Kings had A child. If you are  massive fan of sci-fi, or a big fan of grand strategy games, then this game is absolutely perfect for you."
76561198007336309,Recommended,281990,22888011,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ShadesOfPlay,There is Alien Scum all around me. 10/10
,Recommended,281990,22896255,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Jattatak,I like this quite a bit.
76561198007300718,Recommended,281990,22916583,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,WsntMe,"This one surprised me.  I have played CK2 in the past, and even tho it's fun I did not play it long.  Stellaris is a game I've been hoping for, for a long time.The only thing I am not crazy about so far is the ""Random"" research method of picking from a stacked ""deck"" of projects.  Second, it would be nice to have more information about ships at your fingertips.  The only rating I can see is offensive capability when selecting a fleet.Everything else is great!  Still have to wrap my head around the political system, as there are high +(green) opinions in my Contacts list, but they don't like to work with me."
76561198008825938,Recommended,281990,22916315,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,shugorlr,"Pure epicness. If you've been looking for an experience that enables you to control massive interstellar empires and to communicate with aliens, then look no further.This game is extremly rich. So rich in content and attention grabbing decisions that I played for 2 hours, thinking I had just spent a couple of minutes.If you have work or need to sleep for the next day, I suggest you set an alarm, because you'll be too ingrossed in the game to realize that you were just fired from your job for having missed 5 days of work.EDIT: I have to admit that the sector portion of the game needs some major fixing. when i give a planet to a sector it usually never upgrades to administrative. Also it needs to upgrade spaceports.Also their should be an option to make a fleet patrol your empire (maybe reducing the maintenance by half). having to micromanage fleets so much is annoying: at war, the AI always sends a lot of mini fleets, making it hard to intercept them all. Also, they attack planets and spaceports in mass, but the moment you arrive with your fleet, they leave or flee... it's like guerrilla warfare in your own territory which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I had to split my main fleet in so many chunks that managing them all and having them each intercept was pure hell. Although, i have to admit, it was quite fun (since i was at war by myself against a whole federation, it's normal that they have split fleets).Anyway, Awesome game that needs a lot of tweeks. Limitless potential, even more so with all the workshop support (1 day in and there were multiple awesome mods!!)."
76561198008299889,Recommended,281990,23075459,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hidden Gunman,"Patch 1.3 resolved one of the main frustrations, which improved the vanilla game immensely.Selecting some decent mods for the game makes it a cut above the genre...my guess is that certain mods will become unnecessary later on if the game is updated and patched up (fleet behaviour, ship balance, economic balance, sector management).The game does have some novel aspects (such as genetically altering your population species), and I would hope that either the devs or modders take these further (e.g. Don't like your troublesome neighbours?  Unleash a disease on them to genetically alter them to be fugly).V1.03 and modded up, gets HG's fast food voucher of the week and a big thumbs up.I might mention, in my current campaign I'm fighting a series of wars against the evil forces of giant floating blobber monsters, and the flying monkey dudes from the Wizard of Oz...that alone was value for money."
76561198007430613,Recommended,281990,22888548,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Kansiov,"Endless Space meets Sins of a Solar Empire meets Europa Universalis IV, and yes it's glorious. Sure its lacking features, such as an indepth trade system, espionage and economic system but just like any Paradox game, expect it to be further developed down the line with free patches and DLC. Currently, in spite of the shortcomings the game is totally worth the full price, contributing greatly to the further evolution of the space 4X genre."
,Recommended,281990,31034877,Posted: 9 April,all,African Dictator,Stellaris: Encouraging genocides since 2016.
,Recommended,281990,22906058,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,bizkit_109,"What a game...First go round... blindly attack enemy.. lose.Second go round, space pirates from my own colony take me out.Third go round, 3 Colonies, huge military force... ancient civilization....Time for a 4tth?? what an awesome game, replayability factor X10."
76561197984120999,Recommended,281990,22896820,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Irishrover13,"This is a great game and one of the best releases by paradox I think ever. I have only played a few hours but I have yet to encounter any game breaking bugs or issues. This product is great from the start, making your own race/empire is engaging and interesting, the start is engaging and challenging. Most of my experience is in multiplayer which is smooth and runs nicely even when playing with my friends in Europe on my ancient computer.  Overall very happy with this product."
,Recommended,281990,22958054,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,おかみーさん,"If I had to describe this game, ""Spores + EU4"" would essentially be my description of it. It lives up to the standard of Paradox grand strategy games, and is one of the few that I would not mind paying for DLC. My only real gripes are that diplomacy seems fairly mechanistic and impersonal. I was really excited when my militant theocratic fox empire came into contact with a materialist plutocratic oligarchy, but nothing really came out of dialogue options. There's also not really that much variability, they could have done more with the species, and it's rather annoying having to mod name lists in when it would have been easy to just let you create a custom list. More CK-ish features such as dynamic portraits would have been awesome rather than just making all characters look the same besides minor differences. Like I said, it's one of the few games that I hope there will be DLC for, especially because of that reason."
,Recommended,281990,23092579,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Angilos,"Having played both EU4 and CK2 before this, I think Stellaris is an amazing game in the same genre. Though Stellaris spands the entire galaxy, I found the learning curve managable, partly thanks to my experience with EU4 and CK2, and partly thanks to the UI. And of course, pause. So my love for pause."
76561198103475166,Recommended,281990,22899430,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kommandant,"I almost had to give this an  negative review out ofspite. Paradox has really let me down here. They released a game like this in the first half of the year. Now what? Do I use all of my vacation time in May? Sick days too? Do you guys expect me to just abandon my friends and family? Will my pets be neglected? You can't keep releasing games like this. It's insane. Too much quality, too much replayability, too much fun. This is why cocaine is illegal.Paradox needs to rethink their mission, because this approach to game development is ruining lives."
76561198016886885,Recommended,281990,22906031,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Delta,"This game is so much fun! My girl friend had to pry me away from my desk, so we could eat dinner...Very well done!!!"
,Recommended,281990,22921267,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"10/10, would enslave my galactic neighbors again."
76561198041862826,Recommended,281990,22922637,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Red Bull Foreplay,"Amazing game, however unlikes its predecessor game - Crusader Kings 2, there is a lack of incest."
76561198083029138,Recommended,281990,22931375,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zach1ntheBox,"Founded the Corpse Empire of Cthulu. Enslaved lots of xenos. Neighbors got scared of me and formed an alliance, then declared war to liberate my slave planets. They smashed my defenses and began bombarding the planets, but I realized you can't liberate the dead. Four Purges later, all the planets they wanted to liberate were no longer inhabited. Won the war.10/10 Would purge again10/10 Glory to Cthulu the Undying"
76561198078141507,Recommended,281990,24308870,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The End is Nigh,WTF? I cant stop play! What is this? STEEEEEEELLAAAAARISSSSSI buy galciv2 +endless space but this buy my best choise my account. I newby this style of games and understood negative comments i think if you are a hardcore player maybe you feel you want more content. I think this is game the perfect half-way for target new players and try to meet fanatic. The graphic is so beauty+++++++ Love realtime pause option+++++(for newby) First i start the game and i just listen the music 30minute++++++++++ The music Is UNIQE artistic style++++++ i love music and important for me every game but this like punch in my stomach MAGNETIC! If you think what buy gc4 Moo2 or En.Sp i recoomend this awesome game. And just respect the music creator his have a real divine contact Peace. I start this game and i so satisfied every piece in right hands+++
,Recommended,281990,26184915,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Semaj,"The story of the Blessed Cevelli Republic,The Cevelli people began on the world known as Oros, a dry arid world in which they would build their Republic, and eventually, their powerful federation of numerous different species. The Celvelli were physically strong and also quite intelligent, they were a very spirtualistic people as well.When they ventured into the unknown, they soon found other species. They expanded their borders through being technologically superior to their neighbors, and through conquest and ethnic liberation.There were many non-Cevelli rulers of the blessed republic, and for a time they were quite prosperous, and on the slight, rather warlike, yet they only attempted to eliminate threats to their federation....The final threat was a stagnant empire, awoken, that would challenge the federations power in their region of the Galaxy. As the first attack on the Republic commenced... Worlds fell... Armies overwhelmed... But, the federation was taken by surprise. They organized their fleets into one attack to destroy the grand enemy fleet that was so technologically superior.In the months prior to the assembly of the Grand Offensive, intergalactic subspace echoes were intercepted nearing the galaxy... Something was out there, but we didn't know what... The end days of the Republic and their federation were approaching.After the grand attack commenced, thousands of lives were lost, the federation outnumbered the fallen empire 3-1, yet the entire fleet (205k vs 170k) was destroyed in a brave attempt te beat back the attackers.Worlds continued to fall, and then they showed up... The Prethoryn... Soon after, the federation was engulfed, and no more, the many species enslaved or purged.10/10, Would get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by intergalactic aliens and a fallen empire."
,Recommended,281990,25861723,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Meltdown,"Probably the best Space 4x I have ever played.  Are their gaps and minor weaknesses in details such as trade and civilian economy?  Certainly; however, the graphics, ease of use, tutorial system, and story which is buiulds is second to none.  Think Distant Worlds when it first came out, with more refinement, easier to use, and much better graphics, and their patches (which they call DLC even though they are free) make it better and better.  Upcoming next month with Heinlin is a complete rebalance of ships, the implementation of actual ship roles, the additiona of independent stations to provide services, and more refinement on AI pirates/creatures.  While the paid for part of it (if you choose to get it) means the addition of Guardians and further storyline expansion.Add in the workshop content and this game has it all.  Want to play in the universe of Honor Harrington?  Someone has made a good facsimilie of that already, want more events and story, again someone has made that as well.  The support of the developers, their level of communication, and the overall polish on this game is second to none.  Well worth the investment."
76561198025067500,Recommended,281990,22918674,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Maloo,I have no idea what I'm doing. But in my first day of playing I've infiltrated the government an industrial age alien race. Just waiting for my agents to get in place before I overthrow the government and insert my own species as their sovreign overlords.The Illuminati is Real.
,Recommended,281990,26187209,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ezra-s,"Linux here!When I do a playthrough I generally quit a game. With Stellaris this has been totally different. So many races, so many different traits to choose, different approaches. Done 4 playthroughs already and planning the next.This game is a jewel from Paradox Interactive, and not only that, works on Linux flawlessly.Just buy it!"
76561198065412040,Recommended,281990,25862951,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ScarryHarry,"I could go into a lot of detail of why this game is amazing, but I'll keep it short first: It's a great empire-building space-exploring, role-playing game.Longer review:-Create your own empire with probably 60+ species and looks (seperated into 6-7 categories i.e: Reptile, Fungoid, ect.) of all kinds to choose from-Explore and expand in a small or huge galaxy filled with all kinds of random events, planet types, other primative or technologicaly advanced civilizations, rare technology, and more-Design and specalize your own ships; though this only includes 4 sizes (Corvette, Destroyer, Cruiser, and Battleship), you have several body sections, starting from just 1 with Corvettes to 3 on BS's, which you can pick from different styles that contain different weapon and module slots to try and counter other types of ships and technology of other enemy empires. This honestly is one of my favorite features-Colonize all types and sizes of planets with help from terraforming, foreign species migration, AI/robot buildable populations...then section off your empire in self-governing sectors to form a grand empire reaching the far edges of the galaxy-Change your government polocies and even the government type to take advantage of the different bonuses with each one and disadvatages of difficult diplomacy with opposing government types and dealing with unhappy populations-War and war goals: Besides all the fun of designing ships, this is my favorite empire-building-related feature that I think I've ever seen from waging war. While starting a war, war goals must be made on the reason of the war, and completed either partially or 100% to, say, take control or liberate a group of systems from an enemy, or vassalize them, or whatever...meeting the goals is done by a viriaty of actions such as destroying fleets, taking over enemy colonized planets, ect to basically turn the war in your favor. The mroe victories you earn the more points you get for completing goals.-Work with unexpected events and anomolies that come up, some which can directly effect future events and empire modifiers depending on your choice-Fantastic soundtrack...can get repetative at times since it feels like a short loop, but still great. Would enjoy some battle or event-specific soundtracks a lot if they had them.-moreBasically, get this game if you like in-depth empire-building games and especially if you like space and exploring huge galaxies. It's not extremely complicated to get into, not like Crusader Kings 2 for example by the same company. It has a pretty good tutorial that shows you most of the basics and stuff as you progress early on. I suggest playing in Ironman mode if you want an extra challange and realistic feeling of having to deal with unexpected problems and lost wars without a long previous save to go back too (saves every month in game which is about 1-2 minutes normal game speed)"
76561198011061472,Recommended,281990,22955181,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,A Flying Dick CS.money,"Decided to play with some friends online.First attempt-Start game-Friend immediatly finds Fallen Empire-militaristic isolationists-Friend diesSecond attempt-Start game-go to around 50 years in-Friend finds superior alien race-Friend diesThird attempt-Strat game-I go to war-Friend comes to help-On his way, friend finds Fallen Empire- militaristic isolationists-Friend dies10/10 would stand by as friend dies again"
76561198047534959,Recommended,281990,26056379,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Carre Csgoroll.com,"Grand strategy at it's finest, if it's your first GS game I recommend watching tutorials and gameplay videos so you know what you're getting into!"
,Recommended,281990,22894669,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Kusanagi,FINALLY A GOOD SPACE 4X GAME THANKS GOD! *in tears*
,Recommended,281990,22934599,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Sneaky Turtle,Yes
,Recommended,281990,22891336,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Exrandu,I bought this game today and played for fourteen hours straight. The emergent narratives of this game are amazing. I cannot wait for my next playthrough (Even though my first isn't nearly over) so I can see how different it can be! The diversity of possible gameplay styles is overwhelming.
,Recommended,281990,22891703,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CptFoley191,"> shell out $40 faster than disappointing midnight faps> start the game> fight tooth and nail to keep raging hard on under control> steam integration, polished ui, flawless multiplayer, extensive race creation> ohshit.jpg> quickly recreate the Imperium of Man from w40k> find out you can play as a furry> purgetheunclean.wav> dedicate myself to a xenophobic, militaristic, despotic existance> create game with my m8s> one m8 plays as the furries and another plays as reptillian obamas> heresy is afoot> quickly build massive military fleet, annihilating all those unfortunate enough to have settled nearby> pretty much space hitler> have to praise the god emperor tho> finally meet lizard obamas, make alliance and hunt down the furfigs> massive war bewteen hair covered xeno heathens and loyal imperial stock> ends in imperial victory> the emperor protects> decides to pull d*ck move and invades lizard obamas> i f*cked up> intergalactic war inuses on a massive scale> entire segmentum arms conqured and enslaved in the name of the emperor> uncountable parish, worlds destroyed> discover hyper advaced nuclear weapons> [purging intesifies]> entire enemy fleets are engulfed in nuclear fire, trillions gone in seconds> forgot to mention hard on has broken loose, walls dented and windows shattered> slowly but surely, the crusade advaces> xeno homeworld in sight, zillions prepare> defending fleet with six digit power number defends the heretical planet> fortheemperor.png> imperial fleets advance> clash of century occurs> fight rages for a year in game> finally, the imperial eagle is hoisted over the xeno homeworld> best nazi space simulator 201610/10 ign"
,Recommended,281990,22896607,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,[Odin][327thGIR] P. Walker,"Started faction.Valdari Imperium, Leader is Boris Romanov.Start new space Tsardom.Enslave and kill millions of non arctic alien swine.#SpaceStalin12/10 would conquer again."
,Recommended,281990,23055782,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,YOURTURN2DIE,THIS GAME IS THE BEST SPACE GAME I EVER PLAYED rly its the best space game. u can do everything u want in this game everything i mean it so do u know what BUY THIS GAME cause its so nice and i know u would like it
,Recommended,281990,22893965,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Fynstov,Good 4X game10/10 would purge human race again
,Recommended,281990,31140892,Posted: 14 April,all,Liam 🍋,"Probably the most welcoming Paradox grand strategy game for new players. If you've never played a grand strategy before, this one should probably be your first one. The learning curve is much gentler than other Paradox games. The early game expansion is satisfying, the mid game challenge is varied: From PvE style pirates, space monsters to diplomacy and conquest. You spend the midgame building up, expanding and preparing for the late-game galaxy-shaking cataclysm.The starting conditions are varied and your species and empire is very customizable, leading to many varied play-styles from benevolent to absolutely monsterous, meaning you can play numerous campaigns, which will feel very different from each-other.This is also likely the most multiplayer-friendly game from Paradox's grand strategies. Netcode is rock-solid and the gameplay is very friendly to multiplayer. It is extremely rare for a player to get overwhelmed and need to pause the game.  It also runs much smoother than other grand strategy games, so if you're running it on a potato, it will run smoother than other Paradox games.This game has my full recommendation."
,Recommended,281990,22886867,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Bassil,"The game is off for a good start.I can't wait to see how they'll expand this with DLC.I can't wait to see what mods people will come up with. There was a Star Wars Mod in the works, last I heard.I thought I'd spend 30 minutes before bed to see what this game's about.Spent 3 hours."
,Recommended,281990,23145168,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[S!C] Detonator,Amazing depth and extremely addictive. A must have for any strategy lover.
,Recommended,281990,23144694,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Odinsson,"I am actually loving this game. Was watching it since a few weeks before release. Bought it the day after release and am very happy with the end product. Stellaris is -- obviously a space 4x strategy game, something not unheard of but I feel as if this game does the genre a real duty. Another of Paradox Interactives absolute beauties of a game.What's good bro?-STELLAR graphics  (see what I did there :P)-Intricate tech system-Fun yet game changing end-game events (wont spoil ;D)-A more complex sort of rock, paper, scissors fleet combat system-Interesting resource management along with the addition of strategic resources-A beautiful galactic map-Interesting anomaly system - linked with questsWhat's not?-Resource system is somewhat simple and could use a revamp - though it does work-Planetary Invasion could use a touch up-War goals could be diversified - at the moment there's not alot of options-Espionage would be a very interesting addition - with the possibility to incite a revolution-More techs? Plez? - there is alot, although I think there could be more >:D-Improvement of the 'quest' system as it can be blocked by trading survey data with other empires as it is mostly reliant on anomalies.(Looks like alot in cons section but really these aren't bad things about the game -- just I feel as if they could be better)Overall - Throw your money at this game, for £35 it is a steal for the joy this will bring to you -- atleast being a fan of strategic 4x games myself. 9/10 atleast.P.S. You will not have a life once this game enters your library D:"
,Recommended,281990,23134487,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vinegar,"After playing for nearly 40 hours I believe I have experienced enough of the game to make a review that has some legitamacy. Buy it if you like paradox games or enjoy 4X games. At its current state it is the a revolutionary game which is expected from a launch title from Paradox. The game right now provides lot of entertainment and fun, however it is the potential it has for future updates and expansions that has me excited. The game right now is solid and worth the price, it is solid for what it is, however I have a few gripes that I believe will be fixed with time.This game will become better with each update, but right now my biggest issue is that the lag late game really ruins the enjoyment. What I would be able to do in 5 minutes may be extended to 10 minutes due to lag and freezes."
,Recommended,281990,23135590,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lin,"Life productivity went down by 70%.The only cons are:1. Ironman frequency autosave, like wtf. Every 5s autosave will drive you into blackhole.2. If there are planet invasion interfaces option, I would rate this game 11/10"
76561197999312447,Recommended,281990,23142974,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Dildo Baggins,"If Civ5 and Spore got together and had a child, it would be this game."
,Recommended,281990,31123131,Posted: 13 April,all,Gab,"Long story short:Main:Gameplay 10/10Graphics&Design 8/10Music&Sound 10/10UI/Controls 9/10Overal 10/10Pros:-Colossal game scales: take over entire universe-Character generator? Pfff! Use race generator-Limitations? F@ck it, if u can't colonize more than 3 planets, just go and do it(u'll get incomes cut, but who does care?)-Look this planet is pretty ♥♥♥♥ty. Terraformation time!-Want cockroach-race to overthrow humans? Or crabs f@cking up mushrooms? Got it!Cons?.. idk-No waifu, for game u gonna spend so much timeFelt myself like Ender Viggins, Charles Darwin and Dr.Who :)"
,Recommended,281990,23074042,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Garion132,"Stellaris is a flawed great game. it combines the paradox way of realtime-pauseable gameplay with a great political landscape.however. at the moment the late game becomes boring as empire become far too stable and diplomacy with other empires is very hard. other bugs and badly bult features also keep the game from becoming truly great. but as it is now i have already dedicated entire days playing this and probably will againUpdate: 18/05/17Utopia has Renvigorated stellaris for the better increaseing my rating by one, however many of my previous problems are still there9/10"
,Recommended,281990,30973786,Posted: 5 April,all,Fr3nchyfier,"Having never played one of Paradox's grand strategy games, I approached this with hesitation. It's definitely more approachable than most of their other games. If you're a sci-fi fan, you owe it to yourself to invest some time into this game. Upcoming updates from the absurdly dedicated developers, as well as the surprisingly active modding community will likely ensure this game has life for years to come."
,Recommended,281990,22948216,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spawnsik,"Another real-time grand strategy game from Paradox Interactive, this time in a fictional sci-fi setting instead of a historical one. Has some fantastic customization options for player-made factions. The soundtrack and art design are great, and showcase some really commendable writing. The UI is lightyears ahead of previous Paradox strategy titles. The tutorial is also quite good. Combat is still fairly basic but is made more engaging by the custom ship designer. Unfortunately, there are some conspicuous holes in the game (diplomacy, victory conditions), that given Paradox's track record, will probably only be filled in bits and pieces by overpriced DLC.Still, there is a fantastic base to work with here and I have high hopes that, given time and further development, this game could easily become a 8/10. It has quickly become my favorite PI game and I can recommend it in its current state to fans of science fiction and/or grand strategy games."
76561198054760573,Recommended,281990,26077798,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BertTheGreat,"A great stratagy game, sadly after playing 100+ hours it starts to get repetitive. Would like more humanoid species rather than the crazy looking ""aliens"" that are present in the current version.  This game definantly has potential, if the devs can bring the game to life more (possibly by adding more voice acting). Worth a buy!"
76561197994102939,Recommended,281990,22893666,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Smitty,"Love it.  Only minor quibble is the lack of cutscenes on important events. (1st colonization, 1st meeting with aliens etc).  But the depth has been really impressive."
76561198028005454,Recommended,281990,31569212,Posted: 5 May,all,DeathWillbe,"106 hours in.... Still need more. More Mods, more war and more stellaris."
,Recommended,281990,22904725,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,wiwi,help pls
,Recommended,281990,22904851,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sunder,"I remember when I was playing MoO2 I used to enjoy every new run, loved every bit of it and until recently used to play it from time to time. Now I have Stellaris! It captivates me more then even Master Of Orion 2 did back in the day...Ever since that gem of a game (moo) I could not enjoy any 4x games that followed as much. It all seemed either over-complicated or too dumb and uninspired. It made me even think that I don't enjoy 4x genre as much anymore. I could not be more wrong.Paradox have given us a true successor to MoO2, not in an attempt to re-make the game with flashy graphics but in its deep and rewarding game-play.Finally, here we have a 4x game that we again do not know what exactly is coming our way when starting a new run. Diplomacy, in a true Paradox fashion has meaning again. Random events, a choice of your nation traits and available research topics will keep you busy finding the best course of action for your empire and will greatly influence the direction your empire will take.If you love 4x games you must not skip this one!P.S. there are some bugs and usability issues I encountered but knowing Paradox I am expecting all it to be polished out before soon."
,Recommended,281990,22890022,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CXIV,Star Trek meets Europa Universalis.
,Recommended,281990,26804679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Owster4,"Stellaris allowed me to create the friendliest war mongering, interstellar empire I always dreamed of creating. Although later on in the game, the amount of things you have to micro-manage can be a bit daunting, blowing everyone up with massive fleets never gets old."
,Recommended,281990,23139204,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sebass622,"I started playing stellaris around 12pm. Later on i checked and it was 1am. I played this game for about 13 hours straight and didnt notice. Through my experiances in stellaris every play through is different, even if you use the same empire its always different and its always fun."
,Recommended,281990,29146063,Posted: 9 January,all,Mac Cárthaigh,"I really enjoy Stellaris. I am a big fan of the grand strategy genre and this game hits that target with ease. Running a galactic empire is challenging and rewarding, the AI is well fleshed out and makes realistic strategic decisions. My first playthrough was engrossing and I found myself thinking of tactics while not even playing the game, which is at least in my eyes, a sign of a well made game.If you enjoyed EUIV or CK2 or even AOE2 this game is for you."
76561197988145684,Recommended,281990,22889403,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jeep91,Amazing game
,Recommended,281990,31033715,Posted: 8 April,all,Moist Moist,Very good game. I lose track of time every time I play :) The new DLC makes it feel new as well
,Recommended,281990,31020613,Posted: 8 April,all,Cipher,One of the best 4X games I've ever played. I would recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,281990,22889940,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nicelus B. [PTR],"I spent $40 on this game. It was worth it.$20 worth of a very nice, granscale, 4X game.$5 worth of pleasing to look at, smooth running graphics.$15 worth of that sweet♥♥♥♥♥music that reminds me of Mass Effect."
,Recommended,281990,22932315,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Zholik,"A great combination of Paradox grand strategy and 4X to form a near pefect game, if you like EU4 or any other paradox game or even if you just like 4X then this is the game for you. I highly recommend 9/10"
76561198035795534,Recommended,281990,22914939,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,broosy,30 hours already
76561198064467044,Recommended,281990,28067279,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Refo || TK ||,Great game to spend a few hours here and there
,Recommended,281990,22932323,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Manwithoutplan,"Overall pretty decent. Offers a similar experience to games like EUIV or CK2, albeit with less complexity. Interesting enough that 2 playthroughs don't typically feel the same. Really only 2 issues so far:Civ v Civ conflict feels awkward/clunkyAI is...uh....not great.But neither of those feel significantly impactful. Haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but I assume it's equal to the solo experience."
76561198006180210,Recommended,281990,22932292,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CorporalBlues,"I started playing this in the middle of finals week. Worst. Idea. Ever.Also,- Best 4X game I've played in a long time.- Significantly better than Civilization Beyond Earth (and probably better than the next civ)."
,Not Recommended,281990,22888615,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Horus,"This game should be called ""Europa Galaxis I"". It's a much more appropriate title given that Paradox have merely dressed up a cut-down EU4 as a space game. Most of the mechanics of the base EU4 game are present in Stellaris, and I don't think any mechanics of this game are new or original. I write BASE GAME because, like in EU4 where your allies won't be helpful unless you get the DLC for that, same goes for Stellaris.If you love EU4 and love space games, you might enjoy this. If you don't know EU4, then I'll describe what I mean in more detail for you... This is a ""Grand"" strategy game, which means there is (er, ""should be"") little to no micromanagement. It's all very macro.For example, you can manage UP TO 5 planets directly, and the rest have to go to sectors, which are AI-managed. But then again ""managing"" is a strong word, it's more like ""overseeing"". You can tell the sector AI to focus on minerals, military, science, or energy production, and set a tax rate of 0%, 25%, 50% or 75%. That's it, your job is done. Well, you can assign a governor to a sector, for some bonuses. You can design ships, but only in a very limited way. The automatic, self-updating ship designs are mostly sufficient. And so on.But for all that ""macro-ness"", the game is sorely lacking in utility. For example, in a war, you want assault troops. But you have to raise them from each world, tell each of them where to go, and so on. Oh, and once the war is over, you have to do the process in reverse. There are no rally points or any ""Land all assault armies on nearest owned planet"" button. So you have to spend your time click-clicking like mad to get these guys back on the ground.Oh, and don't even get me started on the fleets... Sure, you can split a fleet in two, or merge two fleets. You can even transfer individual ships to a new fleet... INDIVIDUALLY. That is, you have to slowly and painfully scroll through your fleet's ship list, which can be hundreds long and is NOT SORTED, and select the individual ship you want to move. Good luck having fun when you are doing that 50 times.I am confident most of these things will be fixed through patches and DLC. But therein lies the problem: EU4 already has ""The Art of War"". They already have the code. Except it's not in this game. It will be, mark my words, sold as a DLC for this game as well, while it really should be a core mechanic of the game. Plus it wouldn't even be new content, as it would require only a slight tweak on the EU4 code.All in all, this game is as empty as the interstellar space it describes. The multiplayer is decent because human players are not as boring as a barebones, content-less game that this is. I am very afraid that Paradox is pulling an Activision on us: release game after game with the same core mechanics and sell you tons of DLC for each. If so, I am very displeased.TL;DR:Score: 10Graphics and sound are great. Performance is OK. Game doesn't crash. Fun factor is highly subjective. However:-1 for bugs-1 for core mechanics being absent-1 for no innovation-1 for being a space-age rehash of EU4-2 for lack of contentFinal tally 4/10My recommendation: there are many much better space 4X games out there. This one might be worth half its release price. Maybe."
,Recommended,281990,25512753,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MeniLTere ( read my info ),Scream loudly as you can but nobody hears you in space
76561197984973622,Recommended,281990,22916622,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GandalfsBeard,Best game I have played in my life.
76561198086825228,Recommended,281990,31476145,Posted: 30 April,all,shahamaster,"Absolutly brilliant. One of the best stratagy games I've ever played. For those who didn't find EU enjoyable, fear not, for this game is far superior. Everything about it is great and well thought out. Balanced gameplay through and through, tons of interesting random events, complete player freedom, great music, great graphics, this game simply has everything you would expect of a stratagy game. not since Medieval total war, have I enjoyed a stratagy game like I enjoy this one, and I'm not even nearly done playing it. A must buy for stratagy fans, even those who rarely enjoy sci-fi."
76561198133952837,Recommended,281990,28006899,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zenkiki,The game may have a boring begining but once you get used to the way the game sets up everything I loved it maybe its because I like games like Star Wars Empire at War and the same class but still this is one of the first I really enjoyed of this genre.
76561198095546170,Not Recommended,281990,32523917,Posted: 17 June,all,A hell of a heathenous fox,I dream of a world where great games like CK2 and Stellaris aren't owned by a company as awful as Paradox.While for now Stellaris is safe I fear one day it will be turned into EU4. AKA Paradox greed in video game form.
76561198024490813,Recommended,281990,31551325,Posted: 4 May,all,Captain Ballarms,"Year 1 of my first game.Just a tiny little Human empire, no major fleets or any advanced tech. Just a ton of Energy and Minerals so I just bribe my problems away.Get a event message. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥son it's the birth of Space Piracy.It's not like they'll destory all of my Mining po- Oh wait nevermind.I'm flat broke and my neighbors are angry that I cant pay their intergalatic rent.I'm decimated within an hour.10/10 would get decimated by Space Elves and Spiders again."
,Recommended,281990,22904791,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Master,"Overall great 4x game but some elements do feel underdeveloped as a means to sell dlc, hopefully the dlc will flesh out some parts of the game that could use more with stratigic resources being for the most part not required for forward advancement and are what feels like a last minute tacking on of a feature. Compared to other Paradox titles peaceful diplomacy is not horrendous at launch and playing 'Tall' is viable without dlc. Questing system is a great way to provide goals to the player. In my opinion Stellaris is one of the better paradox day one releases with many more launch features than EU4 for example, but in all 9/10 game and i can't wait until the first content update from pdx."
76561198016946231,Recommended,281990,22904272,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Energist,"The 4x genre has been long overdue for a renaissance, and it couldn't be more fitting that Paradox put it into motion. Long known as the father studio of Grand Strategy, the numerous systems and mechanics at work in those games often made one think of how they would work outside of historical fiction. Now, we finally know, and the result is an experience that is incredible in both form and function.It must have taken a lot of courage for Paradox to try their hand at a 4x game as it's not the genre they know best. It's clear that they had to leave their comfort zone to make this game, but they did so with a level of elegance and grace that speaks volumes to their skill and dedication to making damn good games.  Stellaris is just that, a damn good game.The artwork of Stellaris pays tribute to longstanding Sci-fi behemoths such as Eve and Endless Space. It is clean, yet abstract just like space itself. Playing gives one a sense of whimsical fantasy laced with the Austere beauty of precision you'd expect from an exacting and scientific game. The result is artwork that is both beautiful enough to be admired, yet  clean enough to prevent sensory overload. Stellaris is simply beautiful to behold.As for music, there's hardly a moment where the pacing doesn't fit perfectly with what happens in game. One would think this is entirely the kind of music you'd play if you were on a ship, in interstellar space. It's a cross between modern sophistication and classical sensibility. Clearly, the art and music team worked very closely, and the results show.Gameplay is the heart of any game, and it's something Paradox has long been masterful at delivering. Here, they took bold steps to try their hand at systems they don't have much experience with while blending them with those that they do. In the end, the combination of these systems proves to be more of a match made in heaven than anybody could have predicted. There are some flaws, rough edges, and missing pieces, but as a 1.0 game, the foundation is hands down the best Paradox, and the genre have yet put out. Given Paradox's track record, within one year this game will have more features than the next two 4x games combined. Already, it proves to be a perfect blend of two similar, yet distinct genres.For those unfamiliar, you will play in real time managing a fledgling empire. You can colonize planets and configure them for specific types of production. You can build fleets of ships and wage wars, or you can diplomatically isolate enemies while strengthening alliances. Hire leaders to manage your affairs from afar, and explore the frontiers of the galaxy to uncover secrets, technology and unfathomable dangers. For the first time in a 4x game, exploration is both fun and integral. The blending of strategy and RPG like elements means you will feel completely immersed in the lore of the galaxy.I simply can't speak highly enough about this game. As is, it is perfectly playable and utterly refreshing. As a longtime Paradox fan, I am more excited about the future of this game than I was about its release. There is no doubt in my mind that this will be the definitive space game if it isn't already. Please buy to show your support for Paradox. They aim to do one thing: Make damn good games."
76561198025205260,Not Recommended,281990,32889960,Posted: 27 June,all,israel.illusion,I feel more lost in meues than I do lost in spve. no sense of exporation or excitment this could be a text game with out losing anything
76561197994799772,Recommended,281990,25531230,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198139536865,Recommended,281990,31047584,Posted: 9 April,all,mitchellberg12,"Great game, good modding comunity and overall would buy for a friend"
,Recommended,281990,26989239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JrV,"My ""best use of a farm animal"" award pick. Why? Because I suppose all of those slaves are working for me on a farm. For the fear of the purge."
76561198054528915,Recommended,281990,24038397,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,johna37,"Space Strategy game: select species apperance/ traits (intellegent, fast learner), society strengths and government type (scientific mandate), mode of FTL travel and spread til you capture 40% of planets in universe. Set on Iron man to record your achievments. Start in Tiny universe."
,Recommended,281990,24193939,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Killerbeaz101,"Solid game.  Worth the buy when on sale for sure.  If not on sale, then you really need to know what you're getting into before buying."
76561197974385845,Recommended,281990,31493057,Posted: 1 May,all,Gidean,Very enjoyable.Not one complaint.
,Recommended,281990,22887693,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Demi God Eclipse,"Ok close your eyes. if i spell something wrong deal with it ;-)1) think about star wars and/or star track (long and hard)2) think about all the epic battle and different types of ships there are (long and hard)3) now think about what your favorite parts of those ships and imagin it put together (long and hard)4) while your thinking get a chair out and may your credit card while your at it you'll want to read what i have to say nextJUST BUY THE GAME ITS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD ;-)Reasons:-Complete weapon design for your ships (no ship is the same in combat)-You choose your government, your race and who you want to be (you can even be freaking Hitler if you want)-You have your own space empire and war like you never wared before plus there are robots-you enslave other races after you conquer them (Robots)-you can create you own star track story or star wars (might be some mod later on hint hint - robots)-DUDE THERE ARE FREAKING ROBOTSP.S - Please dont be hitler/and you cant be robots offically you can just create them then enslave everyone elseDO I NEED TO SAY ANYTHING ELSE BUY THIS GAME..... did i mention there were robots :-)"
,Recommended,281990,22887712,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Azbolg,"Very addictive and fun to build your own space race.Slow to get started in a vast universe, seems very deep w/ tech trees, etc.Looking forward to mods"
76561198027117855,Recommended,281990,22887731,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"This game is fantastic! It has all the intricate elements that I've been looking for in a space 4x game, and the real time pause/play feature seems much better than turn based games like this! The races are sooo extensive and unique, custom build one to see for yourself! I made my first race and I am loving it thus far. Please, check out this game if you haven't already. I am absolutely loving it! I will keep my review up to date as I continue playing. I should also not that I play lots of games like this: gal civ 3, sid meier's civ 5, total war games etc. This one is different...Stellaris features multiple things that set it apart from its competitors:1) Pause/play global action. All fights, events, exploration... everything in the game is real time pause/play! (no turns)2) Unique research method of generating 3 options at a time (no tree).3) Control not just one leader, but multiple leaders that serve under your main one(s).4) Expand planetary building functionality as your population steadily expands across the planets.5) The MOST EXTENSIVE character/faction creation system in this kind of game yet.6) Unique art style, featuring ANIMATED 2-D character icons that work extremely well for the variety of races.7) SOOOOOO many races! (With more surely to follow)8) Unique planet types with habitation possible even in extreme conditions.9) Unique alert system that compliments the pause/play global function well.10) Extensive star systems and unique means of traveling between said systems.11) Events that make mention of YOUR unique empire name (event mission chains of sorts).12) Speed up and slow down time globally as you please. Want that research done now? High speed baby!!!I am certain that there are more amazing things that I am either forgetting at the moment or have yet to encounter, but I am loving this game thus far. It is worth every penny that I spent on it, and I got the most expensive version! I can't wait to see what they have in store for the future DLC and steam workshop content that modders will add! I am also looking forward to checking out the art book and novel that were included with my purchase.Verdict: 10/10 (will continue updating)p.s. My only complaint isn't even really a valid complaint. I ordered the most expensive edition (forget what it was called) and was kindof hoping to receive physical copies of the novel, signed poster and perhaps the artbook. All of it was digital though. It is fine, I am enjoying that extra content. For some weird reason I thought it may ship to my house but I guess I was wrong."
76561197992007919,Recommended,281990,22887765,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,rijde,"One of the best games of all time and it has massive mod capabilities. The only negative thing might be a lack of documentation, but I would rather than put all their time into having made a great game."
76561197986253443,Recommended,281990,22931137,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Demagogue,"I'm currently playing a science based race of Illithid bent on studying forbidden technology to bring back the old god Cthulhu.   Our seeking tentacles reach out to the vastness of race, and find many signs of the old ones.  First, we find a zealotous reptiles, obviously the servents of the Dagon and his Deep Ones.   We rival and declare war on the believers of this inferior god, and our tentacly ships invade and purge the inferiors.This game is a great platform.  I am eager to see what sort of content they release to support it.  The events are interesting and impactful.  Many features are things i've been dreaming of in space 4x for years.  It definately itches that scratch.  Worth the asking price in a generation of 69.99$+DLC season patch AAA titles that fall into shallow buggy crap."
,Recommended,281990,22890009,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,"Best space strategy game, past present. Good mixture of the RTS of CK2 and EU4 with traditional 4x games and produces a great game."
76561197982848469,Recommended,281990,29576771,Posted: 29 January,all,Kapteiten,"I love this game.They have alot of different races that are very unique and interesting.Customizable ships, easy to build and alot of fun.Empire interaction is good and you get alot of options.The soundtrack is also amazing.I have enjoyed this game alot and will probably enjoy it alot more.A game does take a while, but if you enjoy building your empire over time this game will not disappoint.I highly endorse this game."
76561198010628632,Recommended,281990,22893777,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CountCristo,.
,Recommended,281990,22886849,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Awoken Eyes,"One moment I started playing this game and another, suddenly 6 hours had passed..."
,Recommended,281990,28010965,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pogo,"[review edited because the original was hastily written for the 2016 Steam Awards season]Note: They've made this a little bit clearer since launch, but you only get credit for your achievements if you earn them during a game played in ""Ironman"" mode (autosaved on a single save file).I bought this game at launch at the suggestion of an excited friend. It was a bit of a gamble: I don't typically buy games at launch unless they're tied to a franchise that I already enjoy. I don't have a lot of experience with RTS or 4X-style games. I've played some Civilization, but I'm rarely in the mood for competitive multi. I picked Stellaris up hoping for a solid single-player experience. The game had a bit of a rocky reception. The mid-game was really lacking in content, but subsequent free updates helped fill in the gaps.It can be frustrating; I don't really like having to learn by failing and starting a new file, but I guess that's the nature of strategy games. You have to feel out the effects of the starting ideologies, you have to feel out resource-management priorities, you have to feel out the diplomacy options, you have to feel out your military needs. I enjoy the ""Character creation"" portion at the beginning. There's a wide variety of playable species with diverse phylogenetic backgrounds (though admittedly I nearly always play as humans). You can customize your species with various physical characteristics that will have meaningful effects on your game (above-average strength makes for better mineral output and tougher armies, for example). You also define your empire's starting ideology, choosing to emphasize things like materialism vs spiritualism or your stance on how welcome alien cultures will be. These choices confer additional positives and negatives and unlock access to various policies and forms of government. You also choose the starting weapon types and method of interstellar travel.My only other worthwhile strategy experience comes from Civilization, and just as with that game I don't aim for conquest victories. Unfortunately, no matter what your strategy is, you have to build your military as though conquest was your primary goal. You might not get attacked by other empires often (especially on easier settings), but it happens, and if you haven't carefully balanced the strength and size of your fleet throughout your entire game, you may as well just start over.I play for the exploration and expansion elements, and I enjoy the military component when applied against non-empire opponents. The custom mode I've enjoyed the most is to set a minimal number of rival empires and hope that they're placed far away from me so that I can enjoy the aspects of the game that don't revolve around border friction & opposing ideologies. If you're more interesting in interacting with your neighbors, there are systems in place for diplomacy, trading, and federations.Exploration involves sending a science vessel into a neighboring star system to survey and catalog the celestial bodies. At the beginning of the game, you can view the full galaxy map to see the location of all the star systems and nebulae, but there is a sort of fog-of-war across all areas that your empire has yet to explore. Surveying new star systems will sometimes reveal natural resources, potentially-habitable planets, or anomalies which function as brief quests. These anomalies typically don't require much action or challenge beyond allocating one of your scientists for a period of time, but there are tons of anomalies to discover and only so many of them will appear in each playthrough.A fairly tiny percentage of the galaxy's planets will be habitable by any species. There are nine standard biomes for habitable planets, and you begin the game only able to colonize planets that match your home world. In order to colonize other types of worlds, you'll need to research new technology and incorporate other species.The borders of your empire are not limited to your inhabited planets. Your field of influence will reach out into other star systems as your population grows. You are only able to mine resources within your borders, which is a big part of why finding and colonizing new planets is so important.Expansion brings its own set of drawbacks. Increasing the empire's population and number of planets owned will increase the maximum number of vessels you can have in your navy, but it will also hamper the speed of your scientific research. Increasing the size of your navy is important for survival, but every ship you own is a drain on your resources.Ship customization can be a lot of fun, but it can also be frustrating and repetitive when it's time to upgrade. There are several different classes of ship, and you can design multiple sets of blueprints for each class, making use of the different offensive and defensive technologies you develop. Combat is a little disappointing to me. When one of your fleets engages an enemy, you lose control of the ships and the combat occurs automatically.There is more depth than I can describe in a Steam review. There are customization options, leader characters, special resources, tradition bonus trees, unique buildings, and that isn't even counting the additions in the paid DLC. As of this writing, I haven't bought any of the DLC; it seems weird to pay for patches for a game that was so lacking in content at launch time. I'm told that this is just how Paradox operates, and if that's true, I have plenty of other games in my library already.If you like the music in the trailers, get the soundtrack, even if you don't get the game. I'm not a big fan of the few tracks with lyrics, but even without those there's about two and a half hours of solid space tunes.Improbable ceramics / 10"
76561198053288376,Recommended,281990,32847246,Posted: 27 June,all,Sirius,"I like strategy games, if you too. This is game for you."
76561198024095227,Recommended,281990,32850768,Posted: 27 June,all,PaToNe,Really good game lots of hours of fun
,Recommended,281990,23311705,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fl3sh,"Stellaris has the makings of greatness in its DNA. It's obvious after 10 hours of play there is a lot to love here, but also a lot to be desired. While I can see myself getting many hours of enjoyment out of the game I do hope they add some breadth and depth to the mid-end game.Overall I think they've done a great job of advancing the sub-systems and general flow / pace of play compared to previous titles (EU4 and CKII for example) and it's apparent to me they understand that helping users overcoming the barriers to entry is a fight worth having.I highly recommend Stellaris is you're looking for a tight 4X game and have been dissapointed by the recent additions to the genre. This is a great game, and if history is to repeat itself Paradox will be tweaking and building on the core game for years to come."
,Recommended,281990,27253312,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Veteran Sergeant Salathiel,"This game is amazing. I can field multiple fleets of several dozen battleships, breaking down the AI empires one war at a time. While I'm doing that, I can send xenomorphs onto planets and sweep out defenders, and just ignore the chokepoints that I've set up since the AI walks into the trap in order to get to me. And while the fleets are just camped and decimating the AI at the chokepoints, I can eat dinner and work on upgrading the different planets I control, just so I can build a new fleet of several dozen battleships to set up more chokepoints!This game is a lot of fun, since I can build and arm a fleet how I want, running dozens of different battleship designs that I built. Long range anti-shield battleships? Sure. Close range battleships that can kill cruisers in two shots? Of course! This game gives almost full control over all parts of the game, with the exception of combat. The AI controls how ships move in combat, and the AI isn't that bad. The AI does what it can to win, which is how fleets of 70 corvettes at 6k firepower can kill 20 destroyers and 55 corvettes at 7.5k, or at least knock it down to a 1v1 knife fight.The war system might be a little strange at the start, since it only lets you choose war goals up to 100 ""War score"", which is determined by the choices. This is to make it so that someone with one planet walks in and decimates an empire that controls half the map in one war.Overall, I would reccomend this game to people who are into these kind of things. It's a bit of a challange at the start, and  lots of single player should be done to get a feel for what the best combination of ethics suits you. Fanactic Militarist shouldn't be picked by someone that wants to form allies. At the start it's trial and error, but with the perfect combination it makes the empire a force to be reckoned with. And the best part is, it's possible to make it so all custom races designed by YOU get put into every match, meaning you could test yourself against an AI fielding whatever you gave it."
76561198103810926,Recommended,281990,29819528,Posted: 10 February,all,Kane526,This game is absolutely fantastic. I just really really want Utopia to come out already because it will make this great game so much better.
76561198064963668,Recommended,281990,30083533,Posted: 21 February,all,Jester,"Paradox Strikes once again with another amazing strategy game. Honestly they made this game smooth and easy to play even for new people that has never played Grand Strategy games, or if you like it how hard it is you can always put it harder by raising the difficulty.But that aside lets get into the game. You start off by being a new space species with the rest of the Galaxy, there will some that will be already bigger than you and even some that has ALOT more technology than you, but you can get to decide that in the setting, so if you want that everyone starts off equal you can, but it might start getting more boring as you progress.  You can choose which species you wish to be, there are a select few, 8 different species group and aroud 70+ race to pick so you can pick quite alot in this. If you really would like to get a new race you can always get some in the workshop because there are alot of awesome race out there made by the community.I wont tell more about the game, because I'm guessing you're here to read whats good and whats bad in this game . So I'l give you my toughts about it.I honestly really enjoyed the game, some time it got boring because it keeps being repetitive after a while. At the begining its exciting because you get to colonize new planets, and research new tech, but once all of that is done you feel pretty much unstoppable and eventually it gets boring. But lucky us, we get to put mods in the game to make it more exciting and its really easy to install these mods. Whenever I felt a situation where something was missing in the game I always went in the workshop ans got what I needed.And on top of that Paradox always updates the game, so if there is a bug, they will most definetly patch it up.Overall I recommend this game. Everything is rather simple when it comes to Diplomacy or when it comes to war. Its a simple strategy game for those that know how to play a Grand- Strategy game. And its a good starter for those that plan to play Grand Strategy game. I could keep going on about the game but I know that It will be too long, and I know that no one would want to read it."
76561198396668267,Recommended,281990,33827388,Posted: 27 July,all,LSP大佬,We would like some chinese
,Recommended,281990,33938367,Posted: 31 July,all,BigShinySpartan,"I really, really adore Stellaris. It's remarkably complex, but it does so in a way where you don't really ever find yourself micromanaging every little thing until it gets tedious. As soon as your Empire starts to get bigger, you end up scaling and automating processes that would otherwise become annoying.That being said, there's a LOT of complexity, and a sharp learning curve. Once you get over that hump, though, it's a blast. The customizations are extensive, which allows for many different play-styles and lots of play-throughs. Will you be a slave-weilding, spiritualistic nation with a focus on cleansing the galaxy of aliens? Or an economic-focused, trading nation of sentient plant life with an extensive array of physics technology? Perhaps telepathic rocks who excel at diplomacy and founds the first federation, consisting of war-like wasp creatures and all of human-kind? The options really are extensive, and the DLC just further added more depth.Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,281990,24120027,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,theturtleguy,Warning: Do not buy this game past 11pm. You will regret it.
76561197999519427,Recommended,281990,26955739,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aurion Cavanaugh,Great game.  One of the most comprehensive space strategy games that I have played so far.
76561198052907170,Recommended,281990,26986462,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zanthalas,A relatively fun and addictive 4x space strategy game. Constant updates are keeping it fresh and interesting as well. I highly recommend it.
76561197972844088,Recommended,281990,23299592,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,whitfield_ross,"What is it about Paradox that makes them able to get it so right so often? My only slight concern is that they might actually be tapping into my thoughts to find ideas for games. I can remember thinking to myself whilst playing CK2 and EU4, ""Wouldn't it be cool if they made a game like this but set in space?"". Would you believe they only went and did it, and did they do it well.Everytime I play a space based strategy game of this type I always find myself thinking that something is lacking, that somehow it doesn't feel right. Stellaris has done it right."
,Recommended,281990,23313082,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,psyhaste,"Wonderful game! I guess it's a true successor for a Master of Orion.Nowadays, turn-based stratrgy can't receive a lot of funds, thus it's useless to create it, just becuase it's impossible to create a playable multiplayer when it takes multiple hundreds of turns to win a game (let's see HOMM3, 1 turn takes 20 minutes on pro tournaments, it's so boooring). And Paradox found an excellent solution: they created a real-time stategy, but with slovered time. It's `near-turn-based strategy`, but it's a real-time in the same time! So they saved good old spirit of MOO and others cosmostrats, but maked this game really playable for modern players, which want to play with each other, not with bots. So, congratulations, Paradox, you made my year.Короче ребята, играйте в игру, если вы любители старых Орионов (1-2 части), то эта игра вас как минимум на неделю затянет беспробудно. Что особенно прикольно, до конца игры не смог выбрать все технологии (да и большую часть, наверное, не смог). Нет такого, как в других играх, что ты натечился, построил неубиваемую флотилию и пошел снес.Очень интересная игра"
76561198023085633,Recommended,281990,23643390,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Iggymcmuffin,"Stellaris has everything I enjoy about games like Civ, Gal Civ, Endless Space/Legends but does things in real time instead of being turn based.Like Sins of a Solar Empire but just a little better."
76561198047656433,Recommended,281990,24126009,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,weaselwanker,"Great game, stunning visuals and sweet concepts.good stuff:very immersive, can lose track of 40-50 hrs quickly.sweet scifi concepts, economic aspects are actually coolFTL travel types are sortof balanced and all interesting.Good visuals.great selection of modsproblems:bad replayability in my opinion, games are mentally exhausting.frustrating user interface.Side-stories quickly become uninteresting.There should be more viable victory methods without conquest.preythoryn scourge bug was infuriating."
,Recommended,281990,24127235,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zextillion,"You get to blow space pirates up. In space.Welcome to Stellaris. The year is 2200 and your species has just discovered Faster than Light travel. It is time to spread out your influence across the galaxy. You meet a group of xenophobes next door, and they immediately invade you because you're like, invading their personal space. So you counterinvade them and enslave them all. Your new space allies are a bit skeptical that you just exterminated an entire race of intelligent space-goers, but what can they do? Break their alliance and declare war on a superpowered human player? You can't even remember the name of the empire you just crushed, and you certainly don't care about your weak allies either.Let's talk the cons first:Stellaris suffers from a lack of personality, especially when compared to Paradox's other historical strategy games. This is a problem with 4X Games as a whole, so it wouldn't be fair to compare it to their other games, one of which is literally about characters with personalities, however, I often find myself feeling lost in a space full of weird-looking humans who aside from appearance, are barely alien at all.Gameplay wise, strategy and diplomacy are suffering a lot in this game. It is very barebones, even for a 4X game, and diplomacy can be chalked up to, if other empire is a xenophobe, they won't like you and won't make trade deals with you. If other empire is not a xeonphobe, do some trading. Trading with what? The only real resources you have are plentiful and universal; other empires often don't have anything worth trading that isn't a spare energy bank for when you build up a gigantic space fleet and can't support it all on your own. Speaking of space fleets, combat is very lackluster, as what often happens is the nation with the biggest doomstack wins. 1 big battle and the war is over. Done.Pros: There is a lot of potential in this game. All of the things I listed above can be easily fixed in patches, and there are patches coming out already that look to address some of the major complaints that people have with this game. There is a lot of individual empire customization too, and you can tailor the galaxy's size to your making. If you have an imagination (I don't when it comes to sci-fi), you can easily fill in the personality gaps with stories if you can keep track of all the names in the galaxy.Plus, what's not to love about setting up custom empires and watching Space Nazis and Space Communists duke it out amongst man-eating mullosks?In conclusion: A bit barebones at the moment, but there is an excellent foundation for improvement in the future."
76561198043328625,Recommended,281990,26980006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Infidel,Awesome Game! Highly Recommend
,Recommended,281990,27176944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rassweiler,9/10Has a few bugs still but the devs seem to be working on issues.
76561198282403293,Recommended,281990,27568980,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jack Z,Spent way way way too much free time at this point it's just like a black hole sucking up all my free time.But I kinda like it ;)
76561197978126905,Recommended,281990,28610883,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Squidalot,FUn star-god game.Lots of complex choices which adds to a rich game experience.Have played multiplayer with friends over Skype - pretty good to laugh at each other's misfortunes and also gang up on teh AI where needed.AI can interact at a really high level in terms of desires/negotiations
76561198172284250,Recommended,281990,29513231,Posted: 26 January,all,JuneOfMinecraft,"A really beautiful,fantastic, and awesome game, if you are reading this review, and like any other Paradox games, then go ahead and get this"
,Recommended,281990,29590074,Posted: 30 January,all,Hong Meiling,"One of the best grand strategy I ever played, enough said... Get it when ever you can, If you like this kinda game of cource."
,Recommended,281990,30251625,Posted: 28 February,all,RulingWeevil,fuze approved
76561197970508738,Recommended,281990,23126300,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jimr9999us,"Took me some hours to come to terms with the game's pace but once I took a breath, slowed down, and did some restarts (the right system/encounter make up at the start is annoyingly important) this game took off for me. Reducing the number of civs and the ai while increasing the system size is allowing me to relax and explore and watch how the systems work together. Really can't wait to see how this one runs in a few months but not regretting the purchase at all. Exactly the kind of game/studio I like to support. 8/10."
76561197990904704,Recommended,281990,23303151,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,YOUR FAVORITE ANIMES,"It's a lot of fun, multiplayer is where it really shines.I wish there were better options for diplomacy, it's really, really awkward to get right.  More straightforward to aim to be militaristic, ally with friends, sacrefice long term growth for the sake of growing a navy fleet as fast as possible, then blow up the AIs.  You CAN have fairly short games with that strategy.For the purposes of diplomacy, I wish something could be done about border friction with civs that you have cordial relationships with.  Certain traits make it difficult to vassalize\become vassals of, alliance, or allow settlement, giving -1000 points against trade off the bat.   I guess you can trade dozens of planets to offset the balence.Border friction will almost unvaryingly lead to war towards end game, even with civs you spent time trying to build up a good relationship with.  It seems odd.  Would think there'd be a way to buffer, or create a DMZ\trade zone between friendly nations, or something.I'm still learning the game, there is a lot to it.  I might be missing something."
76561197968521773,Recommended,281990,26953660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZackFlare,"This game is for those who like a more strategic 'win in the deck building phase' style of combat. No APM required, no crazy clicking speed needed, no bleeding edge strategy in the heat of battle oh god I forgot to activate that ability at the right time I just lost forever. Just amazing strategy, good music, and an awesome universe full of galaxies to conquer all kinds of ways.Enjoy."
76561198058332760,Recommended,281990,27184871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kreatur2,"How I untinetional helped Hitler:I ruled over a galaxy whide Empire which had the dream to bring peace and prosperity to the galaxy. Spacefaring civilizations whre alsways welcomed to life in cooperation, and war mongering ones where contained. I considered it as my duty to help primitive civilizations to find its place in the galaxy. I uplifted them and when they were ready, I integrated them peacfully into my democratic empire. Some day my science ships discovered  a primitive zivilization. It seems that this primitives where in an middle of a devastating war which involved basicly the whole planet. They hadn't invented nukes yet and scans had shown that two tribes which where called ""germans"" and ""japanese"" were fighting agains the ""british"" ""american"" and ""russian"" tribes. After seeing that, I sended diplomats and scientist to end the struggle. Of couse this would take a while.Then the ""Unwanted"" invaded the Galaxy. After fighting a long and hard war I was able to defeat them and destroied their gate. But I suffered heavy loses. After that I needed time to rebuild. In the meantime uplifting the strange Aliens from the Planet ""Sol 3"" which the inmhabitants called ""earth"" was complete. But there was a problem. I havnt't paid attention to who I had given all this technologies. And so i had created the higly xenophobic militaristic Empire of Man which truly disliked me and wanted to find new living space ""Lebensraum"" in the galaxy. Next time I ignore Earth completly and these apes can sort out their problems alone."
,Recommended,281990,29776680,Posted: 7 February,all,Matcha Mecha,"Very much like it to intive others to join this game but I'd AFK for a moment until 1.5 is released.It's promising for futher perfections but now it still holds many flaws I cannot bear. Surely Paradox needs more time to develop this game to meet the expectations of players - a vast, diverse and realistic galaxy.Got an idea about traits.The current settings about these traits are so unimportant, they are supposed to be a fundamental part of gameplay diversity but now they aren't.I mean, for example, biologically, those ""rapid breeders"" should have reduced lifespan for a penalty of their fast growing population and another on resouces for people's huge needs. Conversely, those longevous/talented(and more) species will suffer from low pop growth but more accessible to enhanced research output and random genius leaders.(↑ They can have automatic facilities and robots to fill all planetary tiles)There should be more racial traits and they should be more associated with the operating of empire, then there wil be more options for players to customize their empires and routes of expansion.(And of course this idea needs to be supported and balanced  by other game improvements :)--------没什么别的意思，就是好玩"
76561198103608368,Recommended,281990,29809037,Posted: 9 February,all,Andersen,"Stelaris is already a great game, and will get even better over time.In short, it allows you to create whatever space empire you can think of, within realistic parameters, and try to survive in a randomly generated galaxy filled with other young empires, ancient and advanced stagnating civilisations, primitive alien species that have not achieved spaceflight yet and other interesting creatures and events. Every game feels and plays different and interesting. If I have any complaints about this game, it is that the mid game can be a bit boring when the political situation and the big players in the galaxy are already established, and the only thing you can do is manage your empire and wait for the late game crisises to come, but that can easily be fixed with more events.The game is also very moddable and there is already a wide variety of mods on the Steam workshop.Overall, I highly recomend Stellaris to all strategy or SF lovers."
76561198084888012,Recommended,281990,30190765,Posted: 26 February,all,Delpheus,"I got Stellaris last week and instantly became addicted, the depth and immersion sucking me in like a black hole. Much of the game was excellent, but I'm here to share my experiences with some problems, and offer suggestions for improvement.#1 ""Fallen"" EmpiresI started out with this setting turned on, assuming it meant I'd have (extinct) ancient civilizations to explore, for story and research opportunities. As my people reached for the stars, they discovered these ""Fallen"" Empires were actually galactic superpowers. Without warning, hostile fleets (50k-100K in power) invaded while my empire was in its infancy, eradicating every last trace of my race.#2 War Goals (and altering them)I like the war goal system as a concept, but in practice it has numerous problems. Some war goals I never considered because they were too costly, such as vassals--it's cheaper and simpler to take total control of their planets. I see no logic in that.Also, why are we unable to change war goals? In the flow of time and in the ever-changing state of the galaxy, certain events can radically change you perspective and goals. (Why can't we change our mind about liberation and force our enemies to cede instead?) If you're invasion is fairing better than anticipated, with every planet invaded or blockaded, I should be able to force my demands for their entire empire. With the system as it is now, taking an empire piece by piece over the span of decades (because of the forced truce system--a related issue) can be frustrating and, again, I see no logic in that. The system is too limiting--I don't want the game to tell me I'm asking for too much, that is something for ME to decide.#3 Space Warfare, Fleet Management, Idle Ships, and Disobeying Direct OrdersManaging a galactic empire isn't always about sunshine and lollipops and rainbows. Sometimes, you have to get your hands dirty. The war itself can be stressful, but not nearly as stressful as managing your fleets. In war, one small mistake can result catastrophic loss of life, or give way to defeat. There are so many problems with fleet management I'm not sure where to begin.We need more information on the map. Give us icons for space ports and armies (not just occupying armies) and the races in each system. I need to know which system is inhabited by which race, so when I'm trying to raise an army I don't have to click every planet in the entire galaxy to find which ones are inhabited by a certain race--a simple icon or just a word would alleviate this issue. I don't want to have to zoom in a search every time.Military stations also have too large of a dead-zone radius. I understand the ""balancing"" effect of this dead-zone, so that you can't stack too many fortresses together...but why? Isn't the balancing effect that they cost resources to maintain? It's space, by the way, (it isn't flat) with plenty of room to build whatever I want wherever I want. Nothing is stopping me from building 10 fortresses around a world except the game telling me to ""be fair.""Well I have news for you--life isn't fair. Wars are fought by seizing advantages and exploiting weaknesses, stacking the odds in your favor or crippling the enemy so they don't stand a chance. Instead, my admirals are more concerned with fairness. ""This world is too fortified, its defenses too tight. The enemy won't be able to break through easily, so we need to spread these stations out and give them a fighting chance."" What?#4 Armies, Attachments, (and varieties)I have another strategic issue. Armies have an ""attachment"" feature, but to apply an attachment you need to go through an externally tedious process. You need the build the army, select each army individually (while still planet-side) and then manually click to add an attachment. When you're raising multiple armies across and entire galaxy, this feature is far too tedious to bother with, so despite the advantages I simply ignored it--I'm not wasting my time clicking individual every army.The fix is simple. When building an army, just incorporate the attachment feature at the army creation stage, not after. Just click ""build with attachment"" or add another army type to the build option list.Give armies the option to upgrade too. I'd like to see more done with them, like selecting weapon/armor types, or other features that can be added. Army policies and tactics would also be a great feature (set armies to liberate slave populations or auto purge). I want my troops to feel more real than little green circles. There are not enough options for planetary surface defenses.Also, if the planet is full and still raising any army the ""excess"" troops automatically go into orbit.Planets have a maximum troop limit? I understand this from a balancing point of view, but really, what's stopping me from building or landing a massive force on a planet? Why can't the balance simply be resource consumption, like food! If I want to devote a planet for the sole purpose of troop training and residence, I should be able.#5 Rebel ScumRebel factions are impossible to eliminate. In 60 hours, I never quelled one rebellion despite my best efforts. I would adopt social welfare programs, information quarantine, propaganda broadcast, employ re-education campaigns, and even genetically modify species to become conformists, suppressed them and integrated them in the factions tab--I even had the strategic resource to pacify them--I did EVERYTHING I could.There was no peaceful solution.#6 Diplomacy (or not)I didn't deal much with diplomacy and trade not because I had no interest, but it was a rather barren feature. Sure, you could interact with species diplomatically, and there were some options, but I was shocked that forming an alliance or ""federation"" was a technology that had to be researched.Trade had so few options. I attempted a few resource and star chart exchanges, sometimes a research agreement (which I still don't understand how it works). There wasn't much there. Diplomacy needs many more options, especially since its a defining feature of the game.We should be able to exchange researched technology through diplomacy. Again, it happens all the time in reality. This way, we have other options rather than watching the clock as the paint dries. This would encourage diplomacy and making friends. Instead of only political options like war and peace, and very limited trade, a whole new aspect of the game would open up. I would actually have incentive to stay on an empire's good side if they have tech I want and we could become better economic partners. Trading resources is bland. You could also trade slaves.In the diplomacy window, it would be nice to make demands without going to war. Why not encourage a peaceful alternative? Instead of ""war goals"" why not ""peace goals"" as well? With systems recently acquired or conquered, instead of purging or integrating the population, I wish there was an option to deport them to the empire they belong to. The more options, the better.#7 Parting ShotsAdding (or removing) systems to a sector can be buggy. Sometimes I accidentally click the wrong system and take it out of the sector, costing influence. This mistake happened to me far too many times and I hate losing resource over a system being buggy (sometimes I had to click a few times.) If you click on a system, and it would be removed from a system, give us a warning first that says ""are you sure you?""Another issue was that automatically surveying systems was a technology, not a default order. Why? Auto ""assist research"" should be an option too. Adding the same feature of auto-building to construction ships would eliminate some frustration. Planets need an auto-upgrade structure option--I hate forgetting about surface tiles and having to check for upgrades years after the upgrade was researched.Some things in Stellaris made me rethink the phase ""slow as molasses"" (I have newfound respect for how fast molasses moves.)"
76561198076616314,Recommended,281990,30209348,Posted: 26 February,all,why99able,"If you look at the base game, there is still a lot of work to be done to make it a good game.That being said the mod community is excellent in fixing several of the base game faults and make it a worth while experienceAs recommendation goes, I would not recommend the base game in its current state, but I do recommend the game with several mods installed.Of the play time I have logged, about 6 hours are the normal game and the rest is mods. Trust me, there is a mod for just about anything for this game"
,Recommended,281990,23644247,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Hupsaiya,Be prepared for days to disappear.  This games like crack.
,Recommended,281990,23760128,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SoloSynth1,"With the 1.2 beta patch goes live, the lack of features in mid to late-game has been somewhat alleviated.Just like other Paradox games, the devs are actively and consistently rolling out bugfixs, re-balances and new features into the game.They promised, they delievered. If this doesn't convince you to buy the game, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,281990,23772345,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,icecoldbud,This game is decent as is but wait before buying as it really needs more mid to end game content but developers are awesome so it wont be long before this is a definate buy! Just be prepared to fork alot more cash over in future for dlc content. But game is very playable now so if your into this kind of game get it now you wont be disappointed.
76561197961158520,Recommended,281990,24004620,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,measlymonkey,"Pretty freakin amazing. Needs some polish, but is awesome already."
76561198176378859,Recommended,281990,24124282,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mack-Daddy,I SWEAR IM NOT ADDICTED!!!!!
76561198306471946,Recommended,281990,24168457,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,StealthX,Good Game will take up alot of time and take abit to get use to it you learn more as each game you do less they do another patch took me some time to get used to the lastest update over all 8-10 could go higher just feel like the need some more mid late game stuff some more side missions and more victory conditions.
76561197995453007,Recommended,281990,28429606,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lance,"Stellaris is an interesting entry in the turn based space exploration genera of games.  The mechanics are well thought out and while not as tuned as I would like, provides an open framework for exploring the universe in different ways with different ethos. User interface design, with steep learning curve is the primary detractor. So much so that you need to commit to playing the game for at least 20 hours before you will understand 50% of the options you have.  Story telling is also very weak.  I have seen good improvements over the last two releases. I recommend this game if like 4x games and are willing to invest in a game. If you are unsure you can try Free Orion which is shareware and functions like races that use hyperlanes in Stellaris."
76561198037922430,Recommended,281990,23127897,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Legion One,"This is a beautiful game.  I would like to see some more ""single player"" updates in the future!"
,Recommended,281990,23651613,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Nikola,"Nice game, great for empire building players. I play this like i do every paradox game, with netflix on the other monitor. there is so much micro managing potential that you can get lost, and watching something on the other screen can give you some idea of how much time it takes to do something such as allocate science ships to survey planets.need some serious tweeking, game at this current state needs the mods from workshop, but they dont fix everything.one of the best things of the game is micromanaging planets, but by default the game only lets you manage up to 5ish without techs. Then you are forced to let the AI manage them for you via Sectors, the AI is terrible. An auto construction mod helps but isnt perfect. Space battles depend on who has the higher combat number thats all.just spent 30months in game years fighting a war against a federation of AI, they were losing, warscore was 100% and they still didnt surrender, so I thought maybe I needed to start negotiations, the only button i could press was surrender. I thought it would ask them for surrender. Nope lost the war instantly, no confirmation ""do you want to surrender"" no tooltip.game is good, but can be much better, knowing paradox...buy this in a couple years."
,Recommended,281990,27166005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sturmlied,This game combines two of my favorite things... SciFi and Grand Strategie Games. If they would now find a way to add Tacos it would be almost perfect.On a more serious note: Like most Paradox games this game got only better in the last month and will continue to do so. I can only HIGHLY recommend this game.
76561198083795483,Recommended,281990,30067134,Posted: 20 February,all,Kevstar432,Have had tons of fun in this game! The modding community is great and keeps the content fresh.
,Recommended,281990,24142538,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Genocide,"Rather mediocre and lackluster in mid game as many of the reviews have already stated but the potential for improvement is enormous given that the base game has plenty of tasks for the player and the gameplay functions well enough. Paradox needs to simply add more content and depth for gameplay. Knowing Paradox, they will likely go through with the improvements. However, I'm not looking forward to paying the all the DLCs that's to come for all the fixes and content. I'll give this one a thumbs up for optimism in hopes that they'll release some good additions for free in their patches."
,Recommended,281990,24143678,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,JonTheFisherMon,"I'm absolutely loving the game. Paradox hit another homer for the grand strategy genre. I have over 1000 hours on ck2 and i never even made it to the very end. Sounds bad but i love changing the scenario of my playthrough. Its the same for stellaris.The one thing i dont understand is the lack of content. Ck2 thrived off mods but i could also play the vanilla. Stellaris on the otherhand it feels like mods are neccessary. The vanilla seems pretty bland. I'm just shocked that some mods i have including things like mining stations, sensor stations, bigger & better ship designs(i.e. flagships), more in-depth tech wasn't part of the vanilla. They really feel like no brainers for a 4X space game IMO.Don't get me wrong this is just constructive criticism for paradox, i can't comprehend none of the devs had these ideas or that they rushed the release and cut it all out, so we ended up with just 4 basic warship designs( for example). Also, idk if asimov fixed it yet since i just use mods to avoid sectors, but fix the sector AI. Totally destroying my planets with basic research labs wtf."
76561197972393277,Recommended,281990,24214662,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,EmGooser,"Original Review: This really scratched that 4x space game I have been having.  After SOTS 2 I was warry about anything from Paradox but  this game made up for that for sure.  Good job guysEDIT After playing 500+ hours:Pros:- Well balanced- The devs keep adding more and more and are responding well to the community- Few bugs- Active modding community- Challenging Achivements- Easy to learn but hard to master- Does not require massive micromanagementCons:- The sector Build AI could use a litte work, but overall it works well enough.- Late game gets a little monotonous once you are able to crush anything.- I have lost too much sleep from ""Just one more turn!""Currently it is 3 weeks from the release of the Utopia DLC and I have been watching streams from the devs playing development builds.  I am really happy to say that the direction they are taking the game is awesome.  In this DLC/Patch they are also putting in fixes and some features for even those that dont get the DLC so ya... these guys are top notch and if you like Masters of Orion II, SOTSs, or any kind of space x4 you NEED to get this.  Just do it, you will not regret it."
76561198036592308,Recommended,281990,27730194,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Velarious Amroth,"I was a little hesitate when I first started playing. But once I got the hang of the general mechanics it started to grow on me. Now I enjoy doing a quick few hours at a time for my Ironman save.If you have little imagination, or hours readily onhand this game might not be for you.For Paradox lovers this is another great to add to the collection."
,Recommended,281990,33776906,Posted: 24 July,all,Melted Cheese & A Ketchup Smile,"I adore Stellaris :D.Sure the game's bit pricy, especially the DLC.But with all the fun I've been having with it, I'd say it's certainly worth it.You also don't need the DLC the play with others who do have it,so you can always pick up DLC later when it goes on sale, or skip out if there's some that doesn't interest you."
,Recommended,281990,27249553,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,On the Brane,Bought this and Civ6 and ended up regretting not just playing this instead.  Not a perfect game but well worth the price.
76561198050211177,Recommended,281990,28420276,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,The_Confusled,"Really love the base thematic elements and concept of the game. I cannot feel that the game is lacking without mods; it feels like many elements of the base game are very shallow.  Still, enjoyment can be found in both the modded and vanilla versions."
76561198107391373,Recommended,281990,29517412,Posted: 27 January,all,Fieral,"One of the best in 4x space strategy, be patient and give the game the chance it deserves to show you its big potential, dont quit it before you can see where it goes and how it works and you will enjoy it soon¡¡ Like I said this game has an enormous potential, just needs a bit smarter management where its possible to improve even more, more new fun features and that's it, this game could be the 100% #1 in its kind¡¡"
76561198211466069,Recommended,281990,29879932,Posted: 12 February,all,Big Hoss,would strongly recomend if new to real time strategy games. this was my first rts and it was very easy to pick up and enjoy
,Recommended,281990,33809626,Posted: 26 July,all,NerdExpert,"This is one of the best games I ever played. Immersive gameplay, impressive graphics... Absotutely AWESOME! If you can, you ought to buy the Galaxy Edition!"
,Recommended,281990,23288189,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kernel Hazzard,Look at when i bought it and then look at the hours played. I stopped long enough to tell you If you want 4x this is it.+++++++++++++++++++++++TL;DR - It's 5 Guys good.
76561198039438475,Recommended,281990,23653453,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DamienEdele,"This game is astounding! The sheer amount of customization and procedurally generated worlds is amazing. But it drags during the mid-game, and requires a good CPU for some aspects of the game.8.5/10"
76561198087646551,Recommended,281990,23721313,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ren.gillard,"I love this game! It's very ambitious from what I can tell so far, it's got complexity (which I love) and the replayability is insane from the strong random element of the gameplay. It mixes luck and personal choice, and you dont _have_ to win by military means. Personalization of the race you create is high, not just in appearance but culture, ethics and flag colours too. It's like a more complex Civ game. I'm really excited to see where this goes. I'm super addicted to playing this as-is."
76561198025863759,Recommended,281990,24057062,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AnomalyZero,"This game is absolutely excellent. It successfully combines elements from dozens of other RTS, turn based, strategy and simulation games into an incredible package. The game is realtime, but resources are collected on a monthly basis, giving it a turn based feeling that feel remarkably appropriate. The ship customization system is also appropriately complex without being overwhelming. The nations and empires are incredibly customizable. Political, social and policies can change throughout the game.Potential Cons:Long. This game takes a long time to play. I have several saves with 10+ hours in them and I don't seem to be anywhere near end game.No micromanagement of fleets in battle. This doesn't bother me all that much, but for other RTS gamers they may find the inability to direct ship in battle maddening as particular ships take actions that may not make sense."
76561198007201074,Recommended,281990,24139340,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Lowlin,Although a bit unpolished this definately scratches that 4X space game itch that neither Gal Civ IIi or Master of Orion has been able to. The production team seems to release small patches and improvments every month or so which is much appreciated.
76561198170020633,Recommended,281990,24510657,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Variant,"A great 4k strategy game that offers a unique experience every time you play with a galaxy full of random events and randomally generated species. The game lets you live your dream of creating a species from scratch and making it a galactic empire. Concept wise the game stands apart from others in the genre and is addicting to play always drawing you in to complete one more task.  However, there are some issues currently the sector and planet limit is in my opinion to small making it a pain to expand your empire after creating a few sectors. The games diplomacy is weak and lacks options especially considering Paradox's other titles (ex. Crusader Kings). Planetary administration is a bit boring and repeative do to limited buildings and slow population growth the game is clearly centered around space with planetary actions being a secondary thought. Planetary invasions and ground combat is unexciting you never see the fighting instead you see blue icons representing the ground forces slowly get chipped away from the opposing force. However, despite all of these cons the game accomplishes its goal at being a sci-fi 4k strategy game and where the game lacks in planetary actions it easy makes up for with space actions and space combat which plays out in real time. On a side note the game has a strong modding community and most of the cons previously mentioned are easily fixed with mods. So if your looking for a good 4k game that is sci-fi orinted then this in my opinion is your best option."
,Recommended,281990,27180518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bucky,Good space game. Good good.
76561197982721795,Recommended,281990,27202626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jackbubu,"Good Game, also totally not writing this review for the badge"
,Recommended,281990,28335148,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,AegisWolf,"I've got quite a few games in my collection, and I'm glad to have made the purchase of this particular gem. The soundtrack is moving and the gameplay is addictive. There is a bit of a learning curve, and I have yet to reach the end game goals, but not through lack of trying.Transverse the star and attempt to colonize new worlds, discover new life and attempt to befriend it....or declare war and acquire their worlds/resources. Research new technologies, mine for minerals, build starports and fleets.More information/details to follow."
,Recommended,281990,28420648,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PrimeMetroid,"+Great sci-fi grand strategy+Lots of different playstyles, very replayable+Good mod community (well done star trek/halo overhauls etc)+Blorg-Little influence on tech tree, mostly random allowing for little role play-Not the same level of developer support/updates/content as Europa Universalis8.5/10"
76561198020438906,Recommended,281990,24518954,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Imperius,"I'll be brief in my summary.Paradox makes good games. This is another in a long list produced by them such as Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings and Hearts of Iron. While this game, even on its fastest setting plays a bit slower than Europa Universalis, it can be just as fun. Empire building in space. What more can you ask for?The customization of your empire is pretty flexible. You can pick your species, traits for said species, starting weaponry, type of government, type of interstellar travel etc and all of these will impact your gameplay. There is a built in ship designer for your every need and wants. The steam workshop takes this even further.Explore, Expand and possibly exterminate, conquer and enslave, or be diplomatic with your alien contacts. The choice is yours.All in all its a great game that offers alot of replay so you definitely get the bang for your buck. I have enjoyed my time playing it and look forward to furture updates."
76561198045731202,Recommended,281990,27392742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fullmetalraptor,Does this game let you do everything you wanted to in a space grand strateegery but were afraid to ask? No...But that's what MODS are for.You'll be wondering why it's suddenly Tuesday pretty often though...
,Recommended,281990,27666988,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Schlez,"1) Conquer 1/3 of the galaxy and feel invincible2) War in Heaven starts and become the sole empire in the ""neutral"" side because...invincible3) Get declared war on by both sides for being neutral4) Get entire fleet wiped out against an Awakened Empire fleet5) Build larger and stronger fleet while 1/5 of your empire is being conquered6) Nearly wipe out an Awakened Empire fleet only for the second Awakened Empire to jump in and wipe you both out.7) Run out of minerals and energy8) Build smaller fleets and use hit and run against weakly defended planets and Awakened Empire allies9) ???10) After 11 years........................defeatTL;DR: The humans will ri-...ALL HAIL OUR MUSHROOM OVERLOADS..................-se again"
76561198007773786,Recommended,281990,30179643,Posted: 25 February,all,[DOGE] Demeisen,"Currently the game feels like it is under development. However, the base that is there is strong, patches and updatse are relatively frequent and the gameplay is honestly fun. One of the best 4X games on the market, even without the coming updates and steam workshop support."
76561198025241354,Recommended,281990,24125748,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nekra6099,OMG THIS GAME IS MY LIFE GAH WHY!
,Recommended,281990,24147750,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Marra,"Needs a few minor adjustments, especially in diplomacy and end-game content, but overall an amazing game that got me totally addicted."
,Recommended,281990,27354760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fhoer,"É da paradox, logo, nao pague fullprice ;)"
,Recommended,281990,29453728,Posted: 23 January,all,eric,I love this game. I really like how your empire is fully customizable in just about every aspect.
,Recommended,281990,23711951,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Rogue with a Purpose,"So I've put 126 hours into this game, and I have to say, I have been VERY satisfied with my purchase. The customization and role-playability of this game is off the charts, and the vast array of mods available on the workshop add much depth and color to an already colorful galaxy. For right now, I would highly recommend this game to any avid fan of the science-fiction genre and the 4X genre, I was fairly pleased with my purchase."
76561198053276566,Recommended,281990,27182111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PeterNator,Great grand strategy game as I've grown accustomed to by Paradox. Still needs some development economy and warfare-wise but the basegame is a real timesink already.
76561197971916906,Recommended,281990,29747889,Posted: 6 February,all,mish,Overall great game!  My only two complaints are around Terraforming and Technology.  There really should be the ability to transform barren/frozen/toxic/molten worlds available later in the game.  On the technology front there really should be a late stage design pathway to develop the ship hulls used by the Fallen Empires.
76561198130680854,Recommended,281990,30217873,Posted: 27 February,all,Farrier,its just a great game
,Recommended,281990,23287246,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,rFenyx,"Exploring, Mining, Researching, War, Enslaving weaker empires, Inflitrating primitive colonies and destroying them from within, Building alliances, Purging the unwanted factions within your empire, Destroying anyone who opposes you.  Large scale RTS at its best. No complaints atm."
,Recommended,281990,27208509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InsultedCat,2 goals; 1:build massive fleet 2: Destroy the enemy
,Recommended,281990,27799295,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fa1nan,"Stellaris does an awesome job at providing the opportunity to roleplay as your favorite sci-fi civilization, all from Star Trek-like federation builders to space nazis. There are also countless mods available to customize the game to your liking.I recommend getting the Leviathans DLC as it adds content that is well worth the ten bucks. Also, the soundtrack is awesome.However, Stellaris is still in need of some work from the developers - the only way to counter ethics divergence right now (basically the farther your population settles from your homeworld the more likely they will adopt different ethics and oppose your empire's policies) is to either go fanatic individualist, so the happiness impact of disagreement with any policies is low, or to go fanatic spiritualist, which simply reduces ethics divergence. Also wars come down to having the bigger fleet doomstack or to outright cheese the warscore system. Diplomacy is still lacking as well. Do note that the developers are actively working on those issues and Stellaris will mature over time - like all Paradox titles - and, providing an excellent foundation right now, will turn into one of the best games out there."
76561198118846296,Recommended,281990,29451953,Posted: 23 January,all,Nefaric,Literally the most fun game to play with friends. Worse alone. Also still needs improvements
,Recommended,281990,29725700,Posted: 5 February,all,Arker_1,"10/10 would buy againIn all seriousness though, I wish Steam gave you a third recommendation button, like so-so or something. Stellaris is a good game, but it is sorely lacking in some respects. It gets repetitive after a few play throughs of the game, since there aren't many events or variations of them, and the empires begin to repeat after some time. Paradox Interactive should be releasing content packages for the default game, not DLC for the things everyone wants. I have most of the DLC's, and I can tell you that, before Utopia, the DLC's are much the same as the base game - after a while, it's just repetitive and boring. Plus the fact that half the time, no special events happen to me, and by that I mean the AI empires are killing all the 'bosses', and they are defeating the Hive and the Unbidden and stuff, while I sit there on the other side of the galaxy attempting to find where the event will start, and scrapping destroyers and corvettes for battleships."
76561198195269522,Recommended,281990,29792846,Posted: 8 February,all,Capt. Ben Sisko,"Currently the best 4x strategy game on the market.Pros-An active group of developers that regularly update the game every couple of months and release little teasers to drive you insane-A development team that actually listens to its fanbase and fixes buges relatively quickly-A dev team that takes suggestions from the community-An update system that releases free content along with a reasonably priced DLC that usually contains worthwhile and interesting content that is new and not just withheld to be released as a DLC-An amazing exploration system that makes the map feel alive and full of charecter from the endless list of events and chains to the suprising abundance of varying space creatures and peoples-Its beautiful-Did I mention the game looks ♥♥♥♥ing amazing?-An insane level of customization in the game-Actual modding tools (Im looking at you Civ 6)-The sheer amount of things you can do in this game is amazing I have never gone one minute in this game without having something challenging, entertaining, creepy, utterly hilarious, intriguing or thought provoking happen-The amazing number of different playstyles that can be utilized really allow for plenty of roleplay and keep the game fresh-The first successful space strategy game that has been released in the past 10 years-The Blorg-Like all 4x games the AI isnt amazing however I would argue its the best out of them and I dont say that lightly-The great stories that are put into each event give a galaxy its own history and creates a more authentic and immersive historical feel than any civ game despite not containing real life history-really the storylines are ♥♥♥♥ing greatCons-Literally none"
76561198097945184,Recommended,281990,30109310,Posted: 22 February,all,Mythical,"Stellaris is an amazing title, and my favourite Paradox title of all time. I highly recommend you pick this game up when the new 1.5 patch rolls through, 'Banks'.Stellaris is a 4x grand strategy, with tonnes of roleplaying potential! Will you be a fanatic spiritualist? Purging all lifeforms who don't conform to your will? Will you be a fanatic materialist? Purging all lifeforms who are too primitive for your taste? Or, will you roleplay that Byzantium reformed into the Roman Empire, and be space romans? It's all up to you, will you be nice or will you be not so nice? It's all up to you.The level of customization is amazing. There are pre-made empires and an empire creator, where you create your species, homeworld, government and ship type. You start off picking your appearance, you're options are humanoid, mammalian, reptillian, avian, arthropoid, molluscoid, fungoid, and if you have the DLC pack 'Plantoids' you have plantoids. Each one of these categories have a number of different portraits to choose from.You then choose your species name and what their plural/adjective is; eg. Klaglyp / Klaglyps / Klaglypian. Next is the name lists, here you choose your name list, like humanoid 1, or plantoid 4, and so on, each name list contains a number of different and interesting names the game will pick from. Next are the traits, traits are your most defining feature of your species, traits are what you expect, fleeting, intelligent, communal, conformists, etc. There are more traits coming in Banks, but I will have the banks feature at the end of the review. Afterwards, you create your ruler, creating your ruler is pretty unnecesary unless you're playing at autocracy or a hivemind. (hiveminds not released yet, they will come in Banks).You can also create your homeworld, here you choose your homeworlds climate and name, you also choose your star's name and your cities appearance.Now you've got the government creator, here is where you choose your ethics and government type, in Banks, the governemnts are vastly more customizable (more on that later). Here is where you choose if you're a spiritualist collectivist or you're xenophilic pacifist or a multitude of other possible combinations. You also choose your empire name here and customize the flag.Next is ships, here you choose your starting weapons (kinetic, energy or missiles). You're preferred FTL method (wormholes, warp and hyperlane) and your ships appearance.I'm not going to go so in-depth now, because I don't want to spoil anymore, buy this game.As you explore the galaxy there are a lot of events that can happen, a lot of strong space beasties you will encounter, and a lot of potential threats you will meet, leaving the replayability endless.The tech tree is unique, there isn't a 'tree'♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but there is a card system, unless you have certain techs or government types, you have three cards to pick ,and each card is drawn at random, with weights on each card depending on ethics. After you've researched everything, you have mini-cards that will never end, allowing research to continue forever.Diplomacy is a little limited right now, but I'm positive it will improve with time (it is a Paradox Interractive game after all).'Banks', the soon to be released patch, is all about internal politics, I can't tell you all the features it adds, but here are some key ones: Hive minds, the name of your hive mind is the name of your empire too. Government, the new government adds civics and types, so now you can be a democracy while being a fanatic purifier, imagine the campaigns on that! ""I promise that I will pruge 20% more than Xzempus ka Hiel!"". Civics are modifiers for your empire, some are removable, like being a police state, while others are not. You can find civics like 'mechanist' where 4 of your pops start as robots, or 'Syncretic Evolution' where 4 of your pops start as another species! In what other sci-fi can you do this?!This game has a 10/10 potential, it's gone from decent to amazing within a year, and I cannot wait what the future holds!I give it an 8/10, with Banks, it will be a 9/10. With a more fleshed out middle game, federation politics and general polish, 10/10 easily."
,Recommended,281990,22951587,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,dick facy,"Thanks to Stellaris, I can no longer sleep! Jokes aside, this was my first step into Grand Strategy/4X genre, and after being overwhelmed initially, I can say I am having immense amounts of fun and I find it quite enjoyable."
76561198013528594,Recommended,281990,22923610,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tyrenious,"Alright, so I bought this game when it became available for Pre-purchase and this is my ""first"" review of a game.After a 24 hours of total playtime, I can tell these:-Gameplay will slow down and sometimes game starts to lag when lots of things happen.(However I believe that Paradox will fix this problem with patches.)-Time-consuming. I mean, literally, last night I wasn't able to sleep at all! ""One more research, one more battle!""-No ""micromanagemant"" for battles. You can equip your ships with aggressive or defensive computer chips and that's that. You can't order a certain ship to attack another ship. They're all automated.-Planets/Moons become repetitive. After a lot of surveying, you realize that the planets look like each other a lot.(Someone made a video review for this game said they could use some kind of ""random planet generator"".)+Satisfying visuals. They actually done a great job with the stars, blackholes and etc.+Also satisfying micromanagement of your empire. If you have played Civilizations before, you'll get used to it in no time.+Sleek/Simple UI. If you prefer, your robot guide will notify and give you info every time something happens. Very good for learning the basics.+HUGE map. I mean, literally, it so HUGE that you can't keep an eye on everything. LOTS of Empires, LOTS of stuff going on.+Primitive/Superior Civs. You invent FTL and go to space bla bla... When you do that, you may get b*tchslapped right in your face by another empire that was in space WAY LONGER than you do.  Also, you may b*tchslap another civs which may be in Industrial Age, or maybe Bronz Age even.+Detailed race/perks creating. Really, it gives you a lot of options to create your own race.+Very easy and accessible gameplay. What I mean is, you can select a constructor/science ship and order them around by right clicking the ststem/planet/moon etc. Right click, opens up a menu. ""I was like-wuuuuuut"".  Mouse hover info and simple screens make it easier to make ""strategies"".+OST's are really AMAZING. I really care about sounds in a game and Stellaris doesn't disappoint me with that. ""Thank youuu""CONCLUSION: You should buy this game. There are a lot of rooms for modding&DLC's so I guess Paradox will provide gameplay improvements with patches&expansions."
76561198001555759,Recommended,281990,22923187,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,BunnyCoitus,"Enjoying this game very much, certainly the best space themed 4x I've played.Some may find it's pacing slow and I've noticed performance issues that may or may not simply be a driver problem on my end (still testing)."
76561198056991826,Recommended,281990,22923380,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Umega,"While I would still recommend this game, it does feel like it needs a lot of work in fleshing out the game more. The AI empires still feel like they are just there and communicate with you very little. The start is exciting, exploring the unknown, but the sense of exploration gets lost once you have several AI empires discovered near you and space starts to get a little boring. It also seems the AI still needs plenty of work with wars and sectors.On the plus side, this game has plenty of modding potential and the music is great. There is no research tree, instead there is a more interesting and rewarding feel of gaining technology."
76561198030899375,Recommended,281990,22906596,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mikiencolor,This is it. The space empire game we've all been waiting for. ^_^
76561198066794313,Not Recommended,281990,32209021,Posted: 5 June,all,almer_1,"I like Paradox and space strategy games. I tried very hard to play this one. It has so much potential and so many cool concepts. Ring worlds, ancient civilizations, fractions inside your civilization. It reads like a sci-fi book.Yet it saddens me to say, that the game is not playable and it is of very low quality overall. You will be lost in the micromanagement, you will be beaten by these ancient civilizations like a kid with perfectly designed ships and half of the galaxy under your command. At the end you will be tired and not really knowing what the hell is going on. The Paradox obsession with balancing came here to far, so that the game is not balanced at the end. I strongly rexommend to look at some other titles or to wait till Paradox fix the game.I do not know what can make it playable. Probably the complete overhaul and rethinking of the strategy."
,Not Recommended,281990,32245209,Posted: 7 June,all,Saturn,"Great for the most part but the moment you get into combat you're going to get frustrated by AI behavior.Ships set up with artiliery weapons charge in point blank because you can't set the range at all without mods and the Fighters pick the worst targets attacking the weakest and least threatening ships first, as most AI does, instead of taking advantage of their range advantage and working over the battleships while you're other ships fight the mooks.Sectors are a bit of a pain too but everything else is decent."
,Recommended,281990,24048847,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Gladdest of Asses,"Stellaris is a wonderful combination of Long term Strategy and RTS. Where you have to plan the direction that your civilization takes through Research, planet management, policies and attitudes towards other civilzations with a few other things thrown in as well.+ Looks beautiful and the maps are vast and full of unknowns+ Music is a delight to listen to (Although does get a bit repetitive)+ Can customize your own species and ships so you can create some interesting combos!+ Large amount of replayability due to the high amount of variations+ Challenging but you can vary the game speed if things get a bit too hectic+ Your choices matter!+ Dev patches/support as of this review- The way wars are carried out can be a bit annoying with their Warscore system- Sector management is somewhat forced upon you and the AI dont seem to handle sectors very well- Instead of little tutorial pop-ups there should be a tutorial mission / environment where you can actually get an ideaI would definitely recommend watching a few tutorials or lets plays online to get an idea of the mechanics. Don't get roflstomped like i did.9/10 would pillage and enslave the whole galaxy again"
76561198033203257,Recommended,281990,22947233,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Commissar BS,"I greatly enjoy the game. My 1st entry into Paradox games, I have yet to have any real problems with the game illustrated elsewhere. Although Diplomacy is lacking, I rarely use it, as the sword is better. Cambat is lackluster, with too few options in managing in-combat behaviors. Full conversion mods will soon make it worth it no matter your current opinion of the game though, so no worries."
76561198307708980,Recommended,281990,35182985,Posted: 24 September,all,averystarfleet,It is Indeed a Very Fascinating Game and Concept.
,Recommended,281990,35210521,Posted: 25 September,all,John Wick,Overwhelmingly sexy
76561198195738907,Recommended,281990,35202663,Posted: 25 September,all,Kamran,This my first time playing a Grand Strategy game and I must say I really loved it. The game play is so fun.
,Recommended,281990,31664440,Posted: 10 May,all,PrimePossum69,"Stellaris is evolving from what was a fairly hackjob production into a serious time sink. It is bucking Paradox trends by releasing free cosmetic DLCs alongside it's expansions, unlike other Paradox titles (CK2, EUIV being the major offenders here).It's fun as hell to eat an entire civilisation down to the last man, women and child."
76561198276762559,Recommended,281990,30367796,Posted: 6 March,all,OpponentSoup87,"Awesome game. Though hard to get a grip in the first time playing, but other than that, brilliant to say the least"
76561198019050303,Recommended,281990,30498801,Posted: 13 March,all,RedPhoenixChaos,"This is the primier space-strategy game.  Nothing compares to it in the past, and I compare every space-strategy game coming out now against it.  MOO had this unfortunate comparison and honestly, it did not measure up well.Stellaris is just huge.  Planets, regions, fleets, resources, etc.  The expansions only make it better.This is a MUST play.  There is a learning curve due to its immensity but well worth the time to learn the game.V/R,RPC"
,Recommended,281990,30528066,Posted: 15 March,all,Zealous ᕙ( ︡’︡益’︠)ง,"Rock paper scissor battles but the damage difference is often only +/- 20% so it isn't too punishing.I felt like the game had really good base(planet) building mechanics, fleet creation and tech trees. Bit dissapointed with the lategame tech tree but all around a really good game."
,Recommended,281990,30655360,Posted: 21 March,all,Gimboid,"Slow burning, excellent sci-fi game with ongoing fun and nice multiplayer.The Utopia DLC and Patch that accompanies it make a lot of positive changes to the game, the mega structures are fun and add to late-game especially in plays with limited habitable planets."
,Recommended,281990,30501066,Posted: 13 March,all,Jack,Its simply the best Grand Strategy game ever made. Combat could use a bit of polishing and the energy currency is either at cap or running on empty because you are moving your fleet out of the dock but other then that there is no real problems with the game its nearly perfect.
76561198165934680,Recommended,281990,30620150,Posted: 19 March,all,BountyPrize,Love the game!
76561198021265435,Recommended,281990,30842000,Posted: 30 March,all,Sebby Kos,AWSOME
76561197971940868,Recommended,281990,23106038,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,cripton,"Game start is incredible with all the discoveries, the promise of all the mysteries ahead, the own survival or extinction. Then you keep growing and you find some troubles here and there, resources, a big guy closeby attacking you. Then you survive and you have been already been playing for 5-10 hours and you are quite big already. You don't have many empires around  that match your force. You keep researching, you keep getting minerals, a few more colonies here and there.At some point it starts to get quite boring. There are no more unexpected anomalies or discoveries and it is just more and more research and growing a fleet that you don't really need anymore. There is no much to contruct either and also no much to research. There is no incentive to stay inside your own frontiers as there is nothing else to do and going outside will get you slowly against most people around you that will start to fear you and get a huge penalty to your relations.The limit on leaders is ridiculously small. I am atm with 15 leaders and i have to keep rejecting new ones and running now with only one wandering scientist for a pretty big empire and don't even have space for a general for invasions.The start was absolutely awesome. I enjoyed it tremendously and i was surprised of how good the game was. But as it advances more and more it severely lacks content and ends being plainly boring.Maybe you should wait for a better price and with one or two expansions included? Maybe"
76561198031712052,Not Recommended,281990,23036786,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,kanawat2,"Edited on 18th MayI finally crushed the Fallen Empire with barely any lose due to their reverse-engineered Tychon Lance and few other techs.The thing is you can't bombard them or any planet into oblivion...And the late game invading alien is not at all terrifying, I prepared all the fleet for them, only to face some ramnents of an invaders. Even then, their plenet is forever immortal that i neet to station some ships to keep bombing it.I wish to annihilate planets since I am running on massive deficit energy credit to fund my massive high- tech fleet. I had thought it'would take some significant lose against the renewed Fallen Fleet, but no, their number stayed as low as the last time i fought them while I boost new fleet within 40 years.This is stupid...PreviouslyWe were once small nations, restricted to a single planet. Discover of proper void craft technology and potential in the vastness of space enable us to move past petty conflicts. We form socio-economic and political union of Human Socialist Republic. The journey began with a small step limited to our sytem and nearby stars.Every exploration was full of danger and mystery; some were daunting, and some filled us with hope of greatness. Our first confirmed sentinent alien life form brought us fear, anxiety mixed with excitement. Yet it also expanded our horizon. We were lucky that our extended olive branches were responded in kind. Diplomatic relation were formed, exchanges were made with agreement favourable to both parties.But what truely changed us was not this wondrous relationship, neither were our growing Empire and brother species, rather the sound of War.Our growing might was first utilized in an opportuned strike against our failing rival; the Associate of Stars, their responds were crushed, and their planets conquered by another of their enemies. We grew confidence, and soon the mighty navy was once again utilized to pacify groups of small rivals.With numerous vallasages, we turned into an influential Empire of the known galaxy. Benevolence we were, our splendor knew no bound, so was techological knowledge and vast number of fleets. For a moment, we were the greatest empire.That is....untill we met them.The Fallen...As our border expanded, one of our expenitory ship journeyed into the forbidden part of the galaxy. Home to the species once conquered with galaxy before we ever gained sentinent. Their fleet while incomparable to eons past till outmatched and outnumbered us. Twice, we were declared war, and twice we lost. Our home world and numerous others were crushed in the first conflict. Humiliated beyond belief; our leaders rebuilt the fleet into an armada twice its former size. They were equipted with some of the most hi-tech available in the known space. Prepared for the next conflict they said.Surely enough, it came, but the result was not what we expected...Our fleet warped into one of their home systems the moment the mighty and arrogant Fallen Empire declared war on us; intending on annihilate any resistant. Supported by our allies, we carved out a large chunk of their forces and destroyed some of their space ports. But their resistant were fiercer than we anticipated. After months of space battle, our fleet were reduced to merely a sixth of its former size.In that instant, we once again have to bow to their unreasonable demands. Countless life were lost once again in forced abandoned colonies.We were shamed....Bur for how long?? We know defeat, but we know not to give upThe secrets of their special weapons are now ours. We are now even mightier than before, and soon the armada will be ready."
76561198056688253,Recommended,281990,22921380,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MildHavoc,"This game is absolutely stellar. Pun intended. I do have some... issues... with the terreforming system, and which planets are habitable vs not, but overall, Stellaris is stunningly beautiful, extremely well-crafted, and definitely gives you that ""Just... ONE... MORE... TURN..."" feel of a good 4x game. Interesting given that it isn't in fact turn-based, but it really does give that feeling. If you enjoy 4x games, then this is the game for you. The ship designer is great fun, and actually allows you to focus ships on different combat roles, such as carrier operations, defense, assault, support, etc; the management system is complex, but not overly so, and the gameplay is absolutely top-notch. Well worth the 40 bucks, if you ask me."
76561198041904927,Recommended,281990,22921438,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Millermatic,Despite what IGN will tell you this game is amazing.
,Recommended,281990,22921716,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Legionary12,"I've butchered entire civilizations just for energy deposits, this game has made me a genocidal capitalist dog. 10/10.Early game is very very fun, mid game pretty static and kind of boring but once the late game crisis begin it's time to buckle up and get ready to defend your people from the machinations of Abominable Intelligence, Daemons, and Tyranids 2.0. Fun."
,Recommended,281990,23033143,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TranceInYourPants,"I definitely recommend Stellaris. The setting is fantastic and it is hugely enjoyable, it offers enough depth and customisation to get you truly hooked.There are some things you need to know though:-If you're playing a large game, there's a significant amount of lag end game making it near unplayable. I believe they are working on a fix for this.-Mid game is sorely lacking.-You can cheese the game currently with vassals.-Diplomacy is lacking.-There are only 2 victory conditions: Conquest - Conquer or vassalise all factions, Domination - hold 40% of habitable planets.-Research is RNG, this is good and bad.-You can't realistically play a small empire and be able to comete with bigger ones. You have a higher chance of forming alliances but the beneifits of expanding are much greater.-Fallen empires can massively disrupt your progression.Sure the list is fairly large but the nice things Stellaris does outweigh them and Paradox will definitely work on some of them and improving the game overall. This ranks as one of the best space strategy games of all time for me."
76561197991603322,Recommended,281990,34986793,Posted: 15 September,all,Hans Brolo,if you like 4x games than this is for you!! The game just keeps getting better and I love how they are always adding to the game. and if you like star trek this has the best TREK mod ever it's called New Horizons and it is amazing!!!!
,Recommended,281990,35494985,Posted: 5 October,all,Leo,This author is lost in another universe.
,Recommended,281990,26380662,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: I love Space, Spaceships, Black holes, Star Wars, Star Trek, Sins of a Solar Empire, okay i'm getting off track. I play a lot of 4x games. The Closest space sim I can compare this to is Endless Space if it were Real Time.Learning Curve: This game has a steep unforgiving learning curve similar to Eruopa Universalis IV. My first 15 hours into this game was just trying to wrap my head around all the mechanics. Maybe its just me.Death: So unlike in most games where people are Immortal, your Leaders Die of Old Age. This is a Unique feature of this game.Pre-Game: Like most games you have factions to choose from with a Custom option to make your own. There are pertty limiting choices and there are a number of Workshop addons for increasing the amount of customization. Many just flag changes.Planet Building: Of all the ways to handle planet building, this is one of the better I have see. I guess really I should call it Planet Management. So you have Citizens that all work Squares which can have buildings built on them to increase Sciences, Food, and Crystal.Research: Some have issues with Research because it comes down to your Species Traits and Luck. Like seriously the game takes research a little too realistically. (But that is good in its own way) While on one side it is great to simulate research in a random manner but it can also screw you early game. As an example you get 3 to 5 picks of research depending on your Government and Species Traits, but they are entirely random. So you can go 30 minutes of game time and still have base weapons or shipyards because you can't get the right card to flip for you.  Trust me this can be infuriating.Combat mechanics: It is a combination of Real Time + Staged orbital battles. Real Time Movement until the fleets see each other and engage in a dramatic back and forth sequence of volleys until someone runs or dies. It gets pretty hectic if everyone has close range weapons and once fleet sizes increase.Note: I have not played the Expansion with Leviathians.Final Thoughts: If you can survive the learning curve and odd quirks this game is a very good one,, complicated, but good.As Always watch some gameplay videos before buying!"
76561198008102877,Recommended,281990,27010877,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Azura,"It's an amazing game,"
,Recommended,281990,30991152,Posted: 6 April,all,Tsunatus,"Its good and in the words of Ilovethesmellofnapalm, ""Just look at my hours played. That is all.""Great customization, exploration is excellent although in a few hours depending on your ethnics you will be blocked from exploration and discovery by primite space empires so you have to switch to the extermination aspect of stellaris and just wipe them out or force them to submit by your zerg spawm of corvettes or the menacing power of your 40+ battleship swarm as you bombard their planet back into the stone age. Researching is a bit of a pain as sometimes you just can't seem to get the tech you are looking for or sometimes just never because of RNG but overall it is good. Customizing your ships is fun, you can try and min-max your ship types or just go all out in one type of tech.Overall stellaris is a great game, worthy of my $40 and expansion I have to pay for"
76561198019496301,Recommended,281990,22962563,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,alexhauser23,"I've been a longtime fan of Galactic Civilizations but Stellaris makes some great innovations on its formula - the universe just seems more alive with all the anomalies to survey, lore to discover, events that can happen - and encountering everything from ancient stagnating empires to wandering crystalline entities.9.5/10"
,Recommended,281990,25825870,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,$t€fan Ingv€$ ٩(◕‿◕)۶,"For me this is one of the top games, i get soaked in for multible hours. Absolute brilliant game.The music itself its stunning and are setting the mood perfect.If youre looking for a complex strategy game this is for you, Enjoy!"
,Recommended,281990,23277586,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Avalon,"An extremely immersive, sci fi 4x grand strategy. It combines 4x elements from other games such as MoO, and grand strategy from games like EU4 and HOI4. Stellaris is a very immersive, in depth game with a huge amount of customization and ways to play. However mid game tends to be quite slow, and DLC, while great, is the only real way to experience the game.I rate this an 8 out of 10."
76561198014527861,Recommended,281990,23196207,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rubyshoe,"I have been playing Paradox games for some years now, and despite being a very loyal fan and supporter of their historical grand strategy game series, I have generally followed the ""wait until a couple expansions"" rule of thumb with their games. I purchased Stellaris because it was the first new franchise from Paradox in some time and was looking for a new strategy game outlet.  I am not a sci-fi game fan for any genre and I am aware of the varying states of polish associated with new releases.That said, this game is out-of-the-box fun.  The exploration component remains a consistent element of the game well through mid-game and depth of different component systems; from ship design to technological progress to diplomacy and planet planning and developement are all well thought out systems and well executed.  There is sufficient enough differences betwen the pre-start choices of ethics and species talents to create an asymetical feel from one species/empire to another.  The procedural generation of the worlds is not overly balanced, which present frustrations (e.g. not enough minernals near starting star systems can be a real drag on early game building capacities) but it also prevents cookie cutter, scripted opening strategies and pushes the player to adapt to the strategic map as it is unveiled.  This keeps you thinking from game to game and evolving new approaches to handle complex and emerging landscapes.Overall, despite being a new release without supplemental dlc to flesh our and refine, this game in its current state stands as one of the most complete and deep vanilla Paradox games I have played to date.  I am enjoying it now and look forward to watching it continue to evolve.Well done, Paradox.  Your commitment to releasing games in a finished state is changing perceptions and your willingness to take the risk associated with launching a new franchise appears to be on its way to paying off."
,Recommended,281990,32860845,Posted: 27 June,all,MAR2099,one of the best galaxy themed empire building games on the market
,Recommended,281990,32782363,Posted: 25 June,all,Coggernaut,"Eh, people complaining about prices, this is a company. If they cant make ends meat, then they go out of buisness. Now, we'ed like to have more content, dont we? This is the unfortunate truth that people dont like to hear.Too bad this recommendation will get downvoted. People too used to ""free""♥♥♥♥♥♥ You cant feed a family off of ""Free""Though the game itself is quite amazing. If you like Crusader kings and Hoi 4, you'll love this game even more. The stories in this game are quite touching. Its.. a game that'll make you think about morality and how to survive a universe full of big fish, and small fish. Choose carefully on your expansions, because you never know what entangled alliance you've just went to war with."
76561197994652061,Recommended,281990,25302565,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Coffeecool,"If your looking for a good 4x Strategy Game, you should buy this.Now i tell you why i think this Game is the better choice than Endless Space, Galactic Civilization III or Master of Orion. ( Never ever think about buying Star Drive 2!)1. Race Creation at its best. Appearance, Species, Language, Politics, Ethics, Traits and Homeworld Biome.2. The Ships looking very cool and can be designed and optimized in a large viarity. By looking at a enemy ship you can already tell what kind of weapons it has equipped, excelent.3. There are many Events that can happen randomly during each Game. Much more and more intresting than in any other game of the Genre.4. The Techtree. Oh Boy, what a wonderfull designed Techtree. The Techs are seperated in 3 categories and you can research 1 tech in each category at the same time. It is random wich techs are currently available for your Empire to research, so every new Game and every Race is different.5. The scale and the complexity are outstanding. You can play on a Galaxymap with 1000 Solarsystems and 39 AI Empires, plus random ancient Empires and pre-warp Civilizations that will evolve into additional Empires which show up while playing the game.6. Modding. Like every other Paradox Game it is very Modding friendly.7. Longtherm Development. It is very likely that Stellaris will gain alot of new Content and new Mechanics as DLC over the years.All of the currently available 4x games have thier own charme, strengths and weaknesses.But with Stellaris you get the most for your Money and hundreds of hours of eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate!"
76561198035129549,Recommended,281990,25304226,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,EASY D,Very immersive and the Paradox team are amazing at adding content and listening to their users.
,Recommended,281990,25432814,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Verethragna,Good for a casual waste of 4-5 hours of your life.1st hour mark was asked to do the dishes2nd hour mark still had not done the dishes3rd hour mark dinner was done4th hour marks haven't ate or drank anything for the previous 3 hours5th hour I think im slightly dehydrated and suddenly the sun is gone O.o6th hour marks the first large scale warRest of the night later finally got those dishes done at 6 am 12 hours later. Was proceeded to be told to mow the lawn and packed full of chores the next day without sleep10/10 Missing days of my life and beauty sleep for this game.....
76561198014355022,Not Recommended,281990,32657702,Posted: 22 June,all,Sequester Grundleplith MD,"Echoing a lot of other comments: This game has a lot of good things about it, but I'm out on playing it until some of the core problems are fixed.Main problem: the combat is awful.  By the mid-game, war is unavoidable (which itself is a problem) and war comes down to your doomstack and the opponent's doomstack chasing each other.  Whoever has a larger doomstack wins the war.  That is is, basically.The devs have acknowledged the problems with combat, but keep pushing out paid dlc that don't address it.  Don't buy this game until they finally fix the combat.  Even then, if they push the fix out as a paid dlc, I'd feel cheated to be forced to buy it.A lot of Paradox games can be played without buying all the dlc.  This is not really the case with stellaris.  Firstly, the base game is broken, and a lot of the problems are fixed by the paid dlc.  In addition, mods make this game much, much more enjoyable, but because the mods are linked and auto-updated through steam, in a way they arent for EU4 & CK2, if you dont own the most up-to-date, complete version of the game, dlc included, most of the mods are inaccessible."
,Recommended,281990,23040725,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Anoose,Civ in space!
,Recommended,281990,23278937,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,brad_laces,"I have read several of the negative reviews, and can agree with the content of some of them. Still, I recommend this gave,  if you do not own a 4X space game and want t buy and play one now.The game is weak in the middle period, which Paradox acknowledges and plans to fix in coming updates in June and latter. The diplomacy aspects are also frustrating. There are no intelligence-gathering missions. (Forgot trying to send a science officer to steal another civilization's tecnology.) The random aspects of the tech cards can be infuriating when a particular technology that you want to research is not offered for decades.My suggestion: wait until late June or July to buy (after the 2nd update is released), unless you really want to play a 4x game now."
76561197966920539,Recommended,281990,22956002,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Suprsim,"Yup, that's some tasty 4X. Ever since I played the first Hearts of Iron I dreamed of a Sci-Fi version, and it has been delivered in a classy, complete, non-beta format right out of the gate just like the good old days.Key features I like:+War Goals - You are required to determine goals for your war, not all wars about total domination or destruction and you can use that to your advantage when sueing for peace!+The chance for your robotic population to become sentient and possibly create a robot apocalypse!+The ethics system which immidiately provides tension and interesting scenarios with alien neighbours - it doesn't matter if you are the nicest race ever, some people just want to cleanse the cosmos of life! (Note: It also provides excellent options to work with races who have similar beliefs, providing the opportunity for easy allies!)Anything else I can think of that I like is less unique to the genre, but let me be clear; this game just feels different than many other 4X space games, and I'm all the happier for it. As a big fan of Master of Orion 2, Sins of Solar Empire, and Endless Space (while also partaking in Star Ruler 2, Stardrive, Sid Civ Beyond Earth, and AI War) I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of those types of games."
,Recommended,281990,22921211,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,dongsweep,"They managed to take the Paradox grand strategy formula to space, add new aspects, make it feel new and familiar at the same time.  Stellaris is probably the easiest to understand between CK2 and EU4 so if anyone was on the fence before I recommend they give it a try, especially since the game is incredibly inexpensive."
,Recommended,281990,23244418,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Omenvreer,"This game is a great base for mods. Kinda how ketchup is great when put on something else. But alone, I wouldn't enjoy either this game or the ketchup (silly analogy i know). Luckily, the workshop is alive and they seem to be updating it regularly. Though the other thumbed down reviews are mostly justified and I highly recomend reading as many as you can. If you hate using the steam workshop to mod your game and love just playing vanilla, you will probably get a total of 10 or so hours of gameplay before you forget about this game- as it depends on more and more mods and the updates from the devs."
,Recommended,281990,22905718,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Slender,Infiltrated an inferior race of cats to make them my slaves and caused a nuclear war by accident.10/10 would make space furries bomb themselves again
76561198117562078,Recommended,281990,22905700,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,liberté,played as space turk cockroaches and literally genocided the armenians.10/10 would do 1915 again
,Not Recommended,281990,32522514,Posted: 17 June,all,Von Mackensen,"Price Hikes to profit off summer sale, games barely playable without DLC's.Paradox has awesome games and a loyal customer fan based, but we don't like to feel milked out of our money."
76561198004584307,Recommended,281990,23073284,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Molestache,People at IGN are very wrong. Paradox makes some of my favorite games and this is no different.
76561197989629946,Recommended,281990,23073230,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jake,"I'm a huge fan of 4X games like Master of Orion 2, Sins of a Solar Empire, and Galactic Civilization 3. This game quickly became my favorite. I haven't played any other Paradox strategy games, so some of the mechanics were foreign. The tutorial was a helper talking you through almost every screen, but otherwise you are playing the full game right from the start. It is very addicting and the games are long."
,Recommended,281990,22882702,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Kekistan,"An inovation of 4x Space games, If you buy this you will not be dissapointed 10/10 Thank you Paradox for caring about your fan base"
,Recommended,281990,32877768,Posted: 27 June,all,Silent,Great game for anyone who wants a real time space strategy game. There is something always going on so there is also a bunch of micro-management between your fleet and bases.
,Recommended,281990,33161503,Posted: 2 July,all,Myo,"General Yelena Kamensky looked down into the troop bay of the transport ship. The soldiers below moved about almost silently. If not for their breathing and the fact they were actively moving around en route it might almost be possible to mistake them for the assault Androids safely stored in charging racks on other ships in the transport armada. The thought amused the General for a brief moment before it was shaken away.No, they weren't the same. The Androids were sentient but not sapient. They had highly advanced programming and awareness of their surroundings but no capacity for independent thought beyond that related exclusively to combat conditions. They had no sense of self or reasoning.In many ways the clones below were similar...and yet not so...and were all the more pitiable for it. They had the CAPACITY for advanced reasoning and the ability to think of themselves as individuals but did not do so. The mental programming and training they had undergone had drilled that out of them. They were highly effective soldiers and no more; but with the capability for more. Despite that none ever showed that capability, the methods for creating them were perfect. Vat grown bodies, fully capable of reasoning and learning, but with absolutely zero initiative outside of the more specialised and selected officers among them. Yet even they displayed little thought beyond that required for tactical leadership; with the overall strategy and creative thinking directed by those, like Yelena, from among the citizens of the Commonwealth.Looking down on them from here they appeared to be no more 'people' than tiny, stupid insects. Scurrying about carrying out their duties. Efficiently, no doubt, precisely and perfectly as ordered. But only that...exactly as ordered. They were pathetic. An affront to the universe in any ways. The General almost shivered at the very idea of their awful existence for a brief moment.But they were needed, because they made for highly cost-effective soldiers. A few months back the Grand Fleet broke the back of the Vetirisius armada. For all of their advanced technology the Fallen Empire could not withstand the overwhelming number of ships arrayed against them. Despite hundreds of losses in smaller ships the great Battleships annihilated first the defence stations and then the armada itself in a vicious battle in Cossmallion. With their opponent's defences gone the signal was given to Unity for the landing transports to leave the safety of the spaceport and head out, jump drives making the journey a mere matter of a couple of months. The Clones below, alongside their Android support, had proven themselves many times. Despite this being an assault on an ancient species with formidable defences, Yelena had absolute confidence in them; especially after the remnants of the Grand Fleet finished bombarding their target's ground fortifications to rubble.The General stared off, lost in thought for a moment, before glancing down. The gleam of metal in the edge of vision. Speculatively Yelena lifted a hand, flexing the silvered fingers in the light. Yes, perhaps it would be kindest to be rid of the clone soldiers. To put them out of their misery. But first they would help to free the plant-like Vetirisii from their own wretched existence. The Cyberion Commonwealth was on a mercy mission of sorts, after all. To free the galaxy from the pain of organic life. Life was nothing more than a constant ongoing cycle of pain and death. It was up to them to end that cycle for good. And when all organic life was gone there would be no more pain, no more death, no more misery. Just peace, such wonderful peace, and harmony. In a sterile, clean galaxy full of immortal synthetics. For ever.And ever.And ever..."
76561197970782320,Recommended,281990,22958927,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,elandryl,"Created a new civilisation.Pacific and happy people, ready to trade with anyone, to discuss whith everybody, and to hug any lifeform in the whole universe.Every single extraterrestrial being I met despised me instantly. After 50 years, Four civilisations allied to crush my tiny empire and enslave every single member of my race.Created a new military-driven, power-crazy, xenophobic civilisation.Everybody liked it. They all wanted to ally with me. I built a powerful federation and crushed everything in my path, then I dismantled the federation and waged war upon every former member of it. I rule over a galaxy of slaves. Every revolt is crushed, every dissident is purged. They wanted to be my allies. ""Naive fools"", I think while watching the setting sun on my homeworld. Then I laugh maniacaly.10/10 Most realistic game ever**********EDIT*05*24*2016***************************It has been told, but after a tremendous start, the game tends to become quite dull after three or four hours. In fact, it is as such: Once you've overcome most of the problems that can appear at the beginning of your play (creating an army powerful enough to defend yourself, expanding your borders, producing a fair amount of enrgy and minerals), most of the 10-25 hours of gameplay that will follow will consist in only two possibilities: waging war against one of your neighbours, or spawing colony ships in order to expand your realm. This, and nothing else.So, as much as I enjoyed a few plays, I have to admit that I'll desperatly wait for the upcoming patches to put some flesh on the core of the gameplay. Or else, this game will gather dust until the first DLC - if it's good enough."
,Recommended,281990,22901552,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,AzorBeric,10/10 would anally probe humans again
,Recommended,281990,22907094,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Evil Swordfish,"Loving the game immensly despite not being too good at it.My first two playthroughs I have had my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. The Arach Horde (an empire of collectivist spiders) was slowly expanding it's borders only to have the AI decide that they do not like spiders and wanted to eradicate them. I have had this happen twice now and had my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by fleets that were a lot stronger than me.After a few single player games I started up a multiplayer playthrough with a friend, we settled next to each other and formed an alliance.After an hour or two one of the AI's decided he did not like my friend's race and declared war on us, thus declaring war on the whole alliance. At this time we did not yet have a large enough fleet, not only did the other empire bombard my planet instead of the one he declared war upon, we had to play a defending war with guerilla tactics of hit and run in order for him not to completely devestate my planet.After him being unable to get a foothold on my planet due to my defending forces being superior to his ground troops, he offered us a peace treaty of we ceded two of my planets to him. We accepted, with the idea of taking them back when our military might got higher.A few hours later, it's midnight, I am supposed to go to sleep because I have work in the morning but we're at war. There is no sleep during wartime.An hour later our two fleets absolutely obliterated him, he is now my vassal, he has one planet left, his population is enslaved and working in my mines and food laboratories. Little does he know, that soon there will be little left of his previous empire but a smoking planet and the cries of his people as they see their leader get executed as a ways to keep the slaves in check.This game is amazing."
,Recommended,281990,22891893,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,Note to everyone else: This is how you do a space 4X properly.
76561198017608065,Recommended,281990,26138321,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,derekisthematrix,"I haven't looked up from my monitor to find it was 3am after starting to play at 9pm since the days of classic Civ or Civ2!  I haven't played other 4x or grand strategy games. If you think you'd enjoy exploring the galaxy, building an empire by colonizing planets, and building and customizing a star fleet, then this game is for you.  Definitely worth it at $40, a must buy at $30."
76561198057764600,Recommended,281990,32856442,Posted: 27 June,all,Raezek,Soundtrack <3
76561197990838501,Recommended,281990,22923225,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,krexor,Game of the year!9/10
,Recommended,281990,23156722,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shatter Messiah,"Started out as some mushroom people. Found some uncivilized bird people. Civilized them, made them my ally, and immediately took them to war with me against my far more powerful neighbour. Bird people didn't have ships to send, I got dummied by my neighbour and learned why you don't mess with a fallen empire. 10/10.There are small things that need to be fixed in the game. If you start in a galaxy shape other than elliptical you risk getting cornered early game by an advance start civ and a fallen empire like I did. But Paradox is great, and I looked forward to many fixes, updates and expansions that will make this game even better.This game is worth getting because of the game itself. It being a paradox title and knowing what that means makes it even better."
76561198059957482,Recommended,281990,22900946,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Legion,"Stellaris is in a nutshell, one of the most optomized games i have ever seen in recent....ok a long time. At launch i found no problems, the game ran so smooth even on my Potatoe. Combat is just stellar to watch, flashing light, colors, and majestic ships flying about in a dance to the death. Creating your own race to rule the stars, Have a 110 year old Mushroom control the fate of his people. The game is wow, and after looking through the negative reviews, all i see is comparisons to other games. The main comparisons are Crusader kings 2 and Europa Universalis 4, Claiming both games have significantly more deapth. My question to them is, how much depth did either game have at release compared to this game? Stellaris release with so much content and the dev already outlined the major concerns the community has. Depth was added to CK2 and EU4, Stellaris has some depth and will only get more with time.Mostly everyone who reviewed it on its own merits gave it positive reviews. The question comes down to would you recommend this game? If you want to subjegate humans, be annihalated by parrots, or form a alliance consisting only of reptiles and call it the COLD BLOODED COALITION....Then start a COLD WAR....Then don't hesitate to pick up the game. If you don't like 4X or Grand stradegy, probably not the game for you, but i say give it a shot.This game is good and will likely stand on its own for a LOOOOOOOONG Time"
76561197970910763,Recommended,281990,23228611,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Player 2,It's been a long time since a game has gripped me by the balls like this. Losing sleep over this. <3
,Recommended,281990,23234175,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Captian Zee,"Start on RockSurvay similar RocksFind Rock that looks like your RockNew Rock has midevil people living on rockInvade New RockNew Rock is now yoursForget about New RockTribals take over and war to get New Rock backThey WinNow you are down one Rock and have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off neighbor10/10, would Invade Rock again"
76561198076723259,Recommended,281990,23298806,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TimeFlows,Took me 30 hours to finish the tutorial. 10/10
76561198105655335,Recommended,281990,23303452,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mar Magus,"This is just going to be yet another positive review in a sea of others, but I couldn't not give a good review for this game. It is a masterpiece that I never tire of. I'm not going to bother listing what I find good and bad about this game, plenty of others have already done so, I'm just going to leave anyone who actually reads this review with simple advice; buy this game, its amazing."
,Recommended,281990,23320150,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tea Bird,"Think about it like paradox took EU, Crusader kings 2, and mashed it into an atempt to make a space age game similar to sid meiers civ... still best game in a whileKinda dead now, had alot of hype and just that all vanished now almost a year later"
76561198029344318,Recommended,281990,23321537,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Skygold,"This game is amazing. If you are a fan of Paradox grand strategy games, then this one is a must for you. Fundamentally this is a 4x game. However, Paradox has done an amazing job of adding their own spin to it. For those that were chased away by previous games like Europa and Crusader Kings 2 due to the difficulty, you will find Stellaris is for you. They have taken the time to provide a great tuatorial which makes the game easy to get into for new players."
76561198003198957,Recommended,281990,23731189,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,flyinglama,The best 4x game of the decade.This game keeps things at a high enough level that you don't get bogged down in the details but is deeper than almost anything else in the current generation.
,Recommended,281990,23775374,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,hochan5,it's pretty good although war seems to be less develop than EU4.
,Not Recommended,281990,23805536,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,info,"The game has massive late game bugs, like super lags 4-5 seconds at normal speed then 2 seconds complete stop on a 4.4 ghz 8 core machine with 32gb ram and a titan graphics card. At a certain point the game crashes in late game, loading an older savegame and it will crash again after a while. This game is really not worth it's price."
,Recommended,281990,24251815,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Trovux,"The base game is pretty good, though it is missing alot of meat that makes a good grand strategy game which will likely be remedied with dlc in the future and hopefully it gets the same treatment as CK2 and EU4 in that category.The soundtrack is great and fits the theme perfectly. Maybe a military republic soundtrack DLC like starship troopers-like would be awesome."
,Recommended,281990,25154698,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Thug Life,"I've had a really bad experience with almost every Paradox game I've bought the past few years,  but I really liked this one,  I like being able to have full control over creating a new race.  I like the different kinds of traits and ethos you can pick, and then face off against conflicting ideologies.  I especially like the population management, you're not just managing a static number of ""pops"". you have to fulfill the wants and needs of citizens of different species and such.Or just be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and enslave everyone.Last time I tried to play an Evil race I tried to make the Ur-Quan,  invaded people's homeworlds with endless amounts of droid armies and enslaved them... but everyone I came across was peaceful, and would just say ""B..but whyyyy?"" when I declared war on them.  made me feel bad :(anyway,  good game. a nice alternative to Galactic Civ III. Like them both,  this one's a little easier on the eyes though,  GalCiv has better unit customization but takes forever to play because it's galaxy wide turn based.9/10"
76561198173724485,Recommended,281990,29473635,Posted: 24 January,all,Spot4nick,"This is the best game I've ever played!!Even though it takes over 10 hours to complete a normal size map, it never stuck me as boring."
76561197974061932,Recommended,281990,23114156,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Aadion,I am a fan of EU4 and this game does not disappoint. They will improve this game and eventually it will become a masterpiece.
,Recommended,281990,23962934,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CMDR.Vigilance,"For ~$40 CDN, I think the value of this is absolutely fantastic.I'm simply engrossed by this game.There are no performance issues, as it's not particularly demanding/taxing on hardware.That said, If you're a Crossfire/SLI person, you might need to disable it. (Negative scaling it seems, unfortunately. Though there is no need for the extra horsepower anyway).The game has a perfect blend of complexity and intricacy, without being overwhelming. Even at latter stages of gameplay, it always manages to...keep things interesting.By the gods, MOD/Workshop SUPPORT!!!Devs are great at releasing regular patches, and other content updates. (Sky...spaceboxes? ftw!)If you're one of those folks who likes to get drunk while playing a strategy or 4X game, this is the game for you. (Beer+Games+Beer).Again, at around $40 CDN, the value is unbeatable. Go buy it."
,Recommended,281990,23293501,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,DMT,"Just because this game needs fleshing out, does not mean it is soulless / empty. It is a lot of fun in its current state and I really think we will end up with a bigger better game once the 3 main free big patches are complete. We have the timeframes, we have whats (currently) planned. All we need is patience from the keyboard warriors.I have enjoyed learning Stellaris, each time I fire up a new game I Learn things that I wish I knew before starting, the next match is always better due to this gradual understanding the game feeds out.Patch 1.1 has alrady added so many needed things this week, its in beta but will arrive soon.Highly worth buying!"
76561198018429652,Recommended,281990,23226338,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SiriusWolfe,"Is amazing, deep and user friendly. And addicting as all hell. 10/10"
,Recommended,281990,23294054,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Knightsilv,"I see a lot of negative reviews saying Stellaris is actually early access, or is a beta, or a money grab.... well that's all BS.This is the most engaging 4x I've ever played. Nothing in the field compares imo. Either their graphics suck, or their gameplay sucks, or their understanding of the diffrence between star systems and galaxies sucks.... (sins of a solar empire)Stellaris get's it all right, and it's a game that will have constant FREE contant released for years to come. Alongside some payed content. SOME.If you like space, buy this."
,Recommended,281990,23365741,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Comrade ☭ Jazzpah,Everything I ever wanted Spore to be in the latest gameplay. It's very strategic and customizable. Very enjoyable - at least in the short amount of time I've played this.Also: mods
76561198007245969,Recommended,281990,23551941,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ganduil,"Great!Finally another Game of the grand strategy genre from paradox.My old friend - the clausewitz-engine- makes the pardox strategy special. You got a running timeline but can stop everytime to give orders. I love this mechanic. No rounds but no stress like in RTS games.Well there were many strategy titles from paradox that weren´t beginner friendly, but this time the interface and the tutorial are this good that you don´t have to read any manual first. Many things are self explaining but you will discover as many details later in the game.I also like the huge maps. Even with medium size you got a galaxy with no less than 600 systems!Who likes deep and detailed strategy should buy this game! Even for beginners it´s possible to get into the game.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,281990,33883666,Posted: 29 July,all,Markus,"If you've broken up with your significant other? Is the weather report for the next few days (weeks) grim? Then look no further. This game, including the DLC, is the single best gaming exprience I've had since my 10 000+ hours of Wow. I can't stop thinking of this game. I can't stop planning new builds for civs, new ways to build my ships.I stumbled upon it by accident, finding the huge game that Paradox did with a bunch of youtubers. The invited like 20 people, and played together during a weekend.When I bought it, I had just been dumped and I was really sad. I needed a distraction and I definetly found it. I played for about 40 hours the first three days.Like Sci-fi? Like 4x? Buy it, now!"
,Recommended,281990,24116778,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Flavius Aetius,"I was pretty hyped to hear Paradox was making a Sci-Fi 4X/RTS, but in the end was a bit let down.Pros:- Many unique aspects put into a 4X game, such as the random civilizations that actually have character to them, the Fallen Empires, uplifting primitives, etc.- A great endgame concept. Unlike most when you hit the end and that's it, this game experiences things like Robot uprisings and Extragalactic invasion. Problem is in its current state it's fairly broken.Cons:- Other than those unique aspects, it's pretty much indifferent from Endless Space.- Micromanagement on planets is annoying, even with sectors.- Sector AI needs some work.- The same freaking cheesy RTS ship designs and to some extent civilizations. They really could have done a bit more with non-humanoid species, to be fair.- Ruler/Empire creating system really needs to be fleshed out, along with the choice of ship and human names with custom civs. E.g. what if I want to create a Roman civilization? I don't want ruler names like ""Yamamoto"" or ship names like ""Trafalgar"". Civilization traits and ethics need more variety too.- Fleet battles could be way better, more like Sins of a Solar EmpireTL;DR - Basically a bit more unique ""Endless Space"", but needs fun space battles like Sins.On the other hand, I can't wait for the mods, and depending on how much they cash-♥♥♥♥♥ the DLC, that looks promising too."
,Recommended,281990,23235740,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,EsCalibur,Great strategy game. Deep and interesting. Must have for those who admire 4X games
76561198154183398,Recommended,281990,23300662,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,crystaltiger101,"What to make of Stellaris...I'm only 23 hours into my first campaign but I can tell that Stellaris is going to have my attention for a very long time!The good:Stellaris is gorgeous, fairly intuitive if you're used to the 4x genre, insanely complex and constantly satisfying to play. This is a game that constantly triggers the 'reward' section of my brain with multiple concurrent researching technologies, always busy planets and exploration thats genuinely rewarding. If you get into a 4x so much that you're roleplaying in your head the whole time, Stellaris will make you a very happy player.The bad:Stellaris is, for lack of a better word, awkward when it comes to the user interface. It always feels to me like I have either far too much information on my screen taking up valuable space or not enough. There isn't much of a middle ground. While the gameplay in Stellaris is fairly intuitive, there are times when the user interface was so unintutive that I had to look up what to do online; the most glaring example being the correct buttons to press to finish a war.Another issue I have with Stellaris is the transition between the Stellar and Galactic maps... I loved Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion for a thousand reasons but one of the things I miss in Stellaris that was so simple in Sins is the option to scroll out from the Stellar map to the Galactic map... Its just so intuitive in Sins but in Stellaris you have to go click a button or press a key to transition between the two. Its nit-picking, yes, but its something I missed many times during play already.In closing, Stellaris took me on a journey across the stars that has been full of great unexpected moments of story development, exploration, gorgeous discoveries and so much more. It's worth your time if you like Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion or any of the other space 4x's... Just be ready to switch your thinking back to RTS from turn based!"
76561198067726640,Recommended,281990,23530049,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,blobathehutt,"This game plays like mix of Civ,spore and endless space but better thn any of them if you like any of them you will like this game #OneMoreMonth (I played for around 18 hours in one sitting so take what you will based on that now I need to go play some more.)"
76561197978237923,Recommended,281990,23782731,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,neogen00,"if you're a space junkie who wants to rule, expand, and/or conquer your way through the galaxy, this is your game.  thankfully the devs really care about the product and are making changes to balance gameplay and improving on the fun.  Worth every penny! sunk 60+ hrs over a month (casual) and waiting for the next patch before I dive in again.  great for lazy gamers who command other ppl to get stuff done =)"
,Recommended,281990,24210648,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NLC_Richard_Rahl,"Stellaris... I have certainly played a lot of this game, and it keeps drawing me back. I play an empire for a while, I get to certain point, get bored, and start over. I try a different route, looking for another way to play the game, get a jump on my previous empire, and hopefully get closer to the ultimate goal of victory. I have played both single player and multiplayer, both of which have equivalent appeal for me.I find the gameplay quite enjoyable most of the time, but this game does have some annoying features, particularly when trying to actually achieve victory. They have made a lot of changes to this game since its release, looking for ways to balance the gameplay. For each update, some of it make a lot of sense, and some of it makes you scratch your head.In this game, you are playing as a sentient species, just having reached space travel potential, and now attempting to build your galactic empire. There are a lot of different ways to customize your species and government to match your style of play, and it makes it a lot of fun to try out different government / species combinations.The game has 6 very important resources that you must gain:1. Minerals - These are used to build most everything in the game.2. Energy - Almst everything you build has an upkeep cost, and that cost generally comes in the form of energy.3. Influence - Influence is necessary for everything you really want to accomplish, such as different diplomatic treaties, colonizing new planets, building forntier outposts to extend your range, and constructing the best buildings in your colonies. It is also the most difficult resource to obtain.4. Physics research points - necessary for new technologies. A lot of weapons and ship enhancements fall into this category.5. Society research points - necessary for new technologies. Includes research that improves your infuence gain, options available to your government, and the ability to colonize world types other than your initial world type.6. Engineering research points - also necessary for new technologies. Includes a lot fo ship enhancements and buildings for your colonies.The gameplay itself consists of the following:1. Constructing buildings in your colonies.2. Directing your science ships to explore the galaxy, finding new planets and resources.3. Directing your construction ships to build stations, which can bring you every type of resource other than influence.4. Clearing hostiles out of systems so that your science and construction ships can get into them.5. Colonizing new worlds. Colony ships are particularly taxing on your energy income.6. Choosing which researches to pursue.7. Governing your empire by acquiring and directing leader figures and trying different edicts and policies.8. Dealing with other empires, whether through diplomatic actions or war.I enjoy each facet of the gameplay, and constantly try to maximize the growth of my empire.For me, the game has been capturing and fun until you get to a certain point. Maintaing a solid influence income and getting enough to pursue your goals are a major annoyance in this game. Early in the game, stacking up hordes of influence is easy, but the more you expand, the harder it is to maintain. The 1.2 update creatd some additional influence costs that didn't exist previously, such as the cost to colonize new worlds or enter into defensive pacts with other empires. This was intended to ""balance the mid-game"", but all it does is make the mid-game drag on forever and become more of an annoyance. Frontier outposts, used to expand your borders without building colonies, are pretty much obsolete after the 1.2 update. Each one costs you one infuence point per month, and that cost is now impossible to maintain with all that you need to spend the infuence on. Building these will actually hurt your ability to expand in the long run, kind of defeating their purpose.Diplomacy can be difficult. I have found that the only way for me to really get allies in this game is to give away one sided research agreements or resources, quickly improving my relations. Then I get them to agree to a migration treaty, which will build trust. After that, only if we have the same war philosophy, can I make an alliance happen. 1.2 made alliances a lot more difficult to setup, as war philosophy plays too major of a role. Player alliances in multiplayer are a lot easier to setup, but the influence cost can hinder your progress.Annoyances aside, this game has so much to manage, and such deep core gameplay, that its appeal to fans of the strategy / simulation genres is similar to a peace of meat being dangled in front of a hungry canine, while their mouth fills with overwhelming amounts of saliva, dripping all over the place. Sadly, this game never lets you get that tasty morsel. However, that hasn't stopped me from trying.I epect paradox to continue listening to player feedback, and further attempt to improve the game, while also releasing DLC that adds more depth to a game that already has deep gameplay. They have a great group of developers and have shown dedication to their games previously.I am probably going to play right after I post this review, so I have to reccomend this game to fans of the strategy and simulation genres. Keep trying, my friends. I hope that someday you taste victory."
,Recommended,281990,23206715,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MadGOD_P17,good game needs better AI tho...other then that not much bad about it
76561198032651953,Recommended,281990,22890511,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CasuallyLaxed,"Yes ! its what iv been waiting for, if you like 4x games, Europa Universalis ect ect you should love this and for only 40$ Give it a go you wont regret it !!!!"
76561198022183485,Recommended,281990,22917056,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mistyfur,"-At war-Fleet gets wrecked-Curse you hyperspace lanes-Enemy has wormholes-ohshit.jpg-They come in then leave-WTF?-Take time to build new fleet-""Alright let's do this""-Enemy empire is dead-Turns outs they were invaded by a fanatically religious Jihad aliens10/10 would be saved by space ISIS again"
,Recommended,281990,31585298,Posted: 6 May,all,[BS] Lol U Mad,"Probably the best 4x space game I have ever played.Pros:- Customize your race- Plenty of customization options as you make your way through the game- You can micromanage everything or not. Up to you.- Tons of random events- Caters to different playstyles very well- ReplayabilityCons:- Sometimes annoying space combat- AI seems to have psychic powers- Sometimes lacking UI- Tech queues seem completely random- Terrible in-game help browserI did spend a lot of time (about 300 hours) playing this game before I chose to review it. I also must admit I am biased because I am a huge fan of Paradox games. IMO they make the best strategy games. The only problem I have with them is their tendency to be a DLC factory, but they have to earn their money somehow and it is no different than other companies subsidizing their product to profit on content (e.g. Microsoft, Apple, etc.) That having been said, on with the review.First of all the most impressive thing about this game is its replayability. I found myself restarting early games a lot just to explore the effects of all the different customizations you could make to your race and civilization until I found a combination I felt comfortable with. You can play as a warmongering slaver or peace-loving hippy but the good news is you are not locked into it. You can change this eventually simply by playing. In fact there is something to be said about strategically starting out one way and eventually moving your empire into a totally different role altogether.I enjoyed the many racial customization options. The first time I encountered this was Master of Orion 2 and it seems like nobody got it right until this game. Later in the game you can even change this through genetic engineering and/or cybernetics.You also have a lot of options for your civilizations policies. Hate aliens? You can be xenophobic which expands your borders. You can gain advantages from choosing your civics but each carries a disadvantage too. Want to be able to colonize 4 extra planets? Well you will also have to be pacifist. The good news is you can change these later by setting your policies.You start the game with limited ability to expand. Once you fill up your ""core systems"" slots by settling planets you can still colonize by creating sectors, which are basically NPC-governed zones that give you half their production. You can also vasselize conquered civilizations which work in much the same way. The drawback to having a large empire though is more time will be required for research. The thing is, in this game you really don't have to expand if you don't want to. You can simply build upon what you already have and still be a contender.There are many  options for micromanagement but these things can be left as is and won't really effect your game much. You can let many turns slide by just concentrating to your current war without having to worry much about anything else or you can spend a lot of time every turn making sure every little thing is going as planned.Combat is probably the weakest part of this game but it is still pretty decent. I was enraged a few times when my fleet would lock in an engagement with a small mining operation while a much larger force was approaching. When you are locked into combat your fleets control themselves and there is little to do but just watch them die. After a (seemingly too long) amount of time you can retreat but risk losing ships. Your fleet disappears and reappears sometime later near one of your colonies.I liked how this game handled wars. basically you can set your war demands in the beginning (such as ceding or liberating a planet) and you are given a score to attain. Once you attain that level of war score you are able to negotiate your terms. If you want to take over an enemy's planet you will need to declare war and set it as a war demand, then attack them and take over planets until you attain the given warscore and make your demand. You don't just go taking over planets and get to keep them.I am not sure why there are turn speed controls in this game. I never used any setting but ""very fast"" because a lot of time I was just letting turns fly by waiting for something to happen.One thing that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was that no matter how careful you are to hide your activities it seemed like every alien civilization had psychic powers to know exactly when you are weak enough to be attacked, and they would... every... single...time. If they hate you then they will immediately attack you when you are down. Well, at least it is predictable.Another problem I had was the hotbar. You can set hotkeys for fleets and ships but you only get 10 keys to play with. This kind of sucks when you have 20 planets because it's not easy to get to them in the main window. There is a window that  shows all your planets but remembering them by name is usually not an option unless you name them yourself. I found it easier to place them in the hotbar by importance. There is no reason at all to set a fleet or ship on the hotbar because you already have a window showing all of these with clickable links. A second hotbar would have been a nice addition to this game.The third thing I did not like was the seemingly arbitrary research queues. You get a list of things you can research but they appear to be completely random. Did you create your race and civilization to be terraformers? Well you could get the terraforming tech on turn 1 or turn 100,000. You won't know. It would have been nice if the research queues were based on your species and civics choices but they don't seem to be. Even if they had used procedural code based on your civ and species at least the researches would be in the same order all the time but if you restart the game they are completely different each and every  playthrough.My last complaint is with the in-game browser. It's terrible. Might as well just alt-tab and use a real browser to see the same thing.Anyway all-in-all this game was worth every penny and the frustration vs. fun ratio was very good."
76561197996935059,Recommended,281990,24326663,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Vidar Fasching,"This is simply the most original 4X style game I've played in a long, long time.  Not just another slightly-altered rip-off of MOO or Civ, I found Stellaris to be engaging on far deeper and more enjoyable level.Be prepared for some LONG games - but you'll be enjoying yourself!"
,Recommended,281990,23085982,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Bürgermeister,Good.
,Recommended,281990,22964605,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,NodCommando,dear god someone help me i can't stop playing
76561197960483857,Recommended,281990,30931738,Posted: 3 April,all,Lightart,"Best grand strategy game in space, ever!"
76561198202194195,Not Recommended,281990,32455754,Posted: 15 June,all,jmorales555,Love the game not the devs
,Not Recommended,281990,32232529,Posted: 6 June,all,Norkolt,Brain dead ai
,Recommended,281990,22979975,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lonely Loony,"Mix of Civilization V, Crusader Kings 2 and Eve Online."
,Recommended,281990,22894515,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,julupu,"There's a chance that I have been playing Stellaris for 14 hours within the last 20 hours since release. On Linux. Amazing.Update: Over 200 hours in, still not bored. Never finished a single game though, the beginning is the best part."
76561197966721701,Recommended,281990,23954644,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Father Ribs,"My religious missionaries discovered a planet populated by truly alien beings...they didn't even have exoskeletons!  They were so primative that they still were not united under a world government, let alone guided by the one true faith.  Our scientist-monks suggested we may learn from close but covert study of the natives, but once you've prodded one fleshy being, you've prodded them all.  Instead, I would send in the missionaries with heavilly modified bodies to infiltrate their governments and bring them into the fold ""willingly"".After years of work (and one missionary deciding to ""go native"" and run away with a hoo-man), we finally welcomed the people of Sol into our benevolent family.  All was well, but there were some whom the light did not wholly illuminate.  I felt that the desire to bask in the light of community and follow the calling of One would bring them into line, but while I was concerned with distant battles with a breakaway sect, sentient crystal beings, and space chickens, the hoo-mans were organizing mass rallies and eventually the riots became open rebellion.  Our peace guard barred the doors of the Temple of Glorious One on Sol, and an expedition was rapidly raised, a huge army of Penitant Troops and an equally massive force of armed spacecraft.  We set out to right this wrong.Once we reached Sol system, we received a last transmission from the Temple as the rioters penetrated its defences and destroyed it.  With heavy hearts I ordered the Penitant Troops to land and bring order to the lawless.  Upon reaching high orbit, the transports learned to their horror that the hoo-mans had built their own fleet in secret...nearly as large as ours...and taken command of the defensive station rotating around the planet.  Every transport blew or burned up, landing on the planet as scattered ashes, soon after followed by our great fleet.  Three corvettes and our War of Peace leader were the only survivors.We had sought to bring the people of Sol into Unity, to teach them about our faith and higher technology.  In return, they doomed our own empire.  Now something...large...is coming our way.  It stretches across space and every star it passes goes dark.  We pray to the One, may She guide us.......Bought game, thankfully on my day off.  Thirteen hours of play later I can say this is seriously addictive.  There is a notable learning curve and I'm constantly learning new things, but this game gets a thumbs up for not just being a 4x, but the most emergent-RP 4x I've played in years."
76561198054955382,Recommended,281990,23962149,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kottadragon,"I can't even think of somthing to say i love this game with all my heart & it's got some great developers they've said as long as people support this game they'll continue to expand on i've owned this game for about a week & i've allready seen them add so much. Some of my favorite moments was when i got ♥♥♥♥ed over by my allies when they retreated right as we were about to take the enemy homeworld or in my new campaign how my fanatic xenophile pacifist have gotten into a slap fight with our neighboring millitrist xenophobes they call us ""Depraved & perverted!"" we call them ""Bigots who are using there millitary to compensat for something."" ah good times, in short buy this game it is worth every penny!"
76561198072844862,Recommended,281990,24002768,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Yorper,"This game is amazing! Sure it gets slow in the middle, but that'll all be fixed with more content added in time.Though i'd maybe suggest less hardcore fans of the genre wait until the game is fleshed out a lot more, so you don't feel ripped or something. Not to say there is nothing to do, but all the real action is at the start and end of the game.Version 1.2.1 is out right now at time of writing, incase i don't update review."
,Recommended,281990,24009102,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Salieri,"I would recommend this game for the LONG term, because currently the game needs more updates and tweaks like other Paradox games during release.It really is a fun experience for me especially interfering primitives."
76561198031236554,Recommended,281990,24046682,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,c-collins,A very deep and challenging new take on the old 4x games. Very much a paradox grand strategy title. Sure to only get better as time goes on.
,Recommended,281990,23940937,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Death Toll Rises,"Only 20 hours in and I'm having a blast!Is it worth the price tag? Yes! If you like 4X Grand Strategy games. This one will not disappoint!Gameplay 9/10Very easy to use interface. Zooming in and out, scrolling side to side is a breeze. So much to do! Its a very detailed and indepth experience. You can setup at the beginning of each game up to 1000 star systems and several alien races to inhabit them. You can also customize different races to your play style. The only knock I have on actaul gameplay is the battles really arent very attractive. Hopefully they will improve a little bit on this as the updates and DLC follow as expected.Audio 10/10Its one hell of an eargasm! Reminds of the Mass Effect days a little bit. Great soundtrack! Not much else to say.Graphics 8/10Really good game to feast your eyes upon. Like I said earlier, my only knock on the game are the battles. Was hoping they would be a little more on the great to epic scale.Multiplayer N/AI really wasn't expecting one. I suppose its a nice added bonus. I prefer the single player experience honestly.Overall, Its the best 4X game I have ever played and I'm a big X series fan. If you are looking for a long real-time/pause strategy game. Get this one. It won't let you down. ~Also, I must add they offer mod support. Pretty cool!"
76561198033229871,Recommended,281990,23383831,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cheshire Cat,"this game is a GREAT game hours upon hours of endlees possible fun and i do mean endless as every race you make you can tweak in its own unique way be it race, looks, ideology, combat type, ship style, planet style,... the list goes on truly is a good play the only thing i would say would make it better is more freedom with the camera angle as this would make for better battles and better management/placement.all in all was well worth my money and as the future updates come out i still see myself playing then"
76561198012070554,Recommended,281990,23384394,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nelyville,"9/10This game is amazing! I was first worried that i wouldn't understand how to play cause it's more complex than Civilization, but after a few hours it was easy to grasp. Looking foward to keep playing for more hours. :)"
,Recommended,281990,23382157,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Pancake King,"[Ok - this is a pretty early reveiw - about the time the 1.1 patch came out (early June) have about 30hrs at this point]Basically this is your story about your life as a GALACTIC DICTATOR! (Unless you suck and picked a different gov. type)You will learn that life sucks. (not that it sucks to play - just that stuff that sucks happens to you)Sometimes you will find yourself in unwinnable situations - such as being spawned right next to a Fallen Empire.If they decide to f*ck with you - there is NOTHING you can do - except get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in every orifice (depending on species)You will also learn about the POWER OF FRIENDSHIP - get allies or get dead (you CAN win without - but 1 vs galaxy)About above - if you plan to go it alone - BE A DONKEYHOLE - overpower ♥♥♥♥♥♥ empires and pinch their♥♥♥♥♥♥ Be ready to do so - build tons of sh*t - if you're not, gg.Minerals & Juice - YOU NEED THESE. Minerals let you build sh*t and Juice lets you keep sh*t. Also it stops you from getting too big a fish in early game - GET AS MUCH OF BOTH AS SOON AS POSIBLE.Also - INVEST THEM - get as much coming in as possible but spend as much as is practical. i.e. (*low*, +*high*)COMBAT - basically you only get to build dudes and tell them where to go to get murdered - i.e. attack other empires dudes. It can be interesting if you want to zoom in and watch the opposing empires' dudes slap-fight - if you don't have a potato pc and don't mind your graphics card and the framerate being bumf*cked.Also - there are DANGEROUS technologies - you can have your toasters RISE UP against you - be invaded by INTERDIMENTIONAL-COSMIC HORRORS! - Also by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ copies of Tyranids - *cough*.So yeah - good game - wouldn't pay the $40 AUD for it I did - but whateves."
76561198057667894,Recommended,281990,23012718,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hoster Tully,"Hooray, the Roman Empire lives on! After decades of successful exploration, expansion, and economic bliss my war fleet stumbles halfway through an advanced alien race. They don't like me. Get obliterated by a solo enemy fleet of 19k manpower against my 1k when they finally decide they don't like me to the point of a war.TL;DR Aliens don't like the Roman Empire prospering.Nicee"
76561198030773396,Recommended,281990,23062479,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,stripe7,"About 100 hours into the game, was wondering if I should spend time writing a positive review of Stellaris amid the 5K+ positive reviews. Enough said, game is good, buy it and find out how good. I am going back to playing the game."
,Recommended,281990,34373603,Posted: 20 August,all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,"A game about commiting genocide, atrocities, and war crimes...but in space."
76561198090507393,Recommended,281990,23782009,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Sir Ferfwaf,this is my favorite rts 4x game now
,Recommended,281990,26836731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Menyet,Best space strategy since Masters of Orion
,Recommended,281990,22963999,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Hesgad,Had my drunk scientists land on  a planet and pose as gods....resulted in great pyramids...best prank we ever did as a race.Ended in a giant bloddy religion war whiping out half of the planet10/10 would prank again
76561198030374060,Recommended,281990,24023680,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nukealope,"This game is great.  It's the best 4X game I've played since MOO 2.  The universe is huge, and it's easily manageable.   The AI acts like I would expect.  Some games are brutally short, some games are epic.  There are even some games that drag out into a huge stalemate of politics.  Pretty realistic.  There are flaws in the design, but Paradox seems to be addressing those pretty quickly.There are some complaints about the ship design having no impact.  Yes, the tactical combat can become something of a slugfest early on.  But by mid-game having a balanced fleet can really impact your battles.  Make some heavily shielded/armored ships with short range weapons to act as tank, use some point defence ships to stop missles, build some bigger snipe type ships for the rear.  These can make a significant difference in combat.  Paradox has addressed some of these concerns in the latest patch, extending the range of weapons causing the ships to stand off more during combat.Also, they addressed the empire management so that the AI governors more closely do what you expect of them.There's some more work to do, but the scope of this game is amazing.  It's definetely a huge step in the pausable RTS, 4X generation.  There's tons of races, tons of techs, and amazing graphics.There will probably be a better game to come along in the future, but it probably won't be for many years.  I'm happy I pulled the trigger on got this in my Library.  It will be remain on my hard drive for a long time."
76561197970524174,Recommended,281990,31027028,Posted: 8 April,all,Enthused Nudist,"Complex, beautiful and incredibly smooth. There's so much of this game, like discovery, research and customization that just feels so organic. I'm 12 hours in after two days, and I've barely eaten because I am hopelessly addicted.Some things really stand out:a) Real time. If you hate waiting in between turns (especially in the late game), Paradox's second by second approach is a nice way around it.b) Customization. Not just your own species, but the ships, their weapons, the defense platforms that float in your space. Not quite as many options as I'd like, but still many, many ways to play.c) The Smoothness. I love strategy games, but any turn based game is going to have performance issues once you start having 6 or more competitors (at least on my machine), or become a micromanagement nightmare once your empire gets larger and larger (I love the Endless Series, but late game can be pretty tedious). You can really tell that Paradox is a veteran to these grand strategy games, because your empire runs so, so fluidly. Autonomous sectors governed by a single leader cuts down on micromanagement by a ton, and the whole real time approach makes gameplay so much better. UI is fairly accessible, and easy to learn as well.If you're familiar with Paradox, you know a ♥♥♥♥load of DLCs are on their way. This is their marketing strategy, which I dislike. Just make sure you read the reviews and read what the Digital Editions really are or you'll wind up with the OST and stuff that you may or may not want (I didn't mind in the end).I will say Utopia is a great DLC so far. I hadn't intended to spend money on it, but it wasn't long before I changed my mind. In the past I felt like I was being charged a lot for Paradox's content. There was definitely a lot of it which I didn't really feel like it added anything substansial to the game. This time around, I didn't mind so much. Though I will say that Paradox could take a page outta the CD Projekt Red playbook and give us more free♥♥♥♥♥♥^_^TLDR: Love this game. Would gladly empty my wallet again."
76561198321562900,Recommended,281990,34895027,Posted: 11 September,all,fang,Ever wanted to feel tiny in the grand scheme of things? Ever thought about enslaving those ugly bugs? Ever imagined turning a whole society into your personal energy factory? This game may be for you
76561198115744114,Recommended,281990,35087316,Posted: 20 September,all,Enderu,"After playing one or two matches I'd say this few sentences match the core of this gem perfectly:1) Creating a rational society based on the ideals of peace, trade and science2)Find yourself to be in the middle of a fun and fanatic spiritual neighborhood3)Die as the peaceloving idealistic empire you are or live long enough to see yourself becoming fanatical purifiers11/10 would play again(my all time favorite)"
,Recommended,281990,22968800,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Andronikos,"I was a big fan of Crusader Kings II, although there was just something that felt a tad clunky about that game.  Stellaris smooths out all the oddities of CKII for an experience that is amazing.  UI, sound, scope. . .everything blends together in a nearly perfect package.  We'll see if it is as interesting at 100 hours as it is in the first 5.It's like I'm a kid playing Master of Orion again.  Highly recommeded."
,Recommended,281990,23031307,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TGBear,Great game. Had a lot of fun and I would definitely recommend this game for people who like strategy games and paradox games in general. I believe it would be a good game to start with if you are new to the genre.The goodRace Creator is awesomeAnomalies are entertaining and funnyGeneral gameplay is smooth and has easy to use UIIts a space game!Interesting Tech pathsModding is awesomeThe badRepetitive at certain stages of the gameSpace Battles are just giants blobs right nowDiplomacy is not great for Advanced beings?A proper message alert system would be great like other paradox gamesThe reason why this is such a good game is because it has huge modding potential and you know paradox will release DLC even if it is a bit price high just wait for specials and you will be sweet.Happy space exploration!!! All hail the Prethoryn Queen.
,Recommended,281990,23061615,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Quaaludes,"First of all I am going to say that this game is amazing. It has a scope no other Paradox game to date has had and now encompasses an entire Galaxy not just planet earth. For Paradox's first venture into space it is magnificent, capturing both 4x style games and the Paradox feel. The game is by far the easiest to pick up, shedding the previous  annoyances of learning games Victoria II or Hearts of Iron 3. In my first 25 or so hours I have played around 4 games. The first three were unmodded and were mainly learning mechanisms for the different travelling styles and weapon types as well as different Tech orders. I switched from Avian slavers to Reptilian warriors and then to Tech obsessed penguins. However this is not what made the game the best 4x out there, no not all. Whilst the game is fun, ituitive and nicely paced ; the real reason Stellaris is a gem is due to the fact that it is so easy to mod. During the first week I was able to find a mod that allowed my Humans to look like Soviet esque pops and also managed to find a soviet style emblems and name lists. After this I delved back in to my 4th game as the Soviet Union....in space. My leader is Vladamir Lenin who is now 108 years old and still going, and my empire has managed to become the most industrialised out there. Being able to create and customise races and governments to create your own civilisations is what makes the game amazing. The immersion and roleplaying effects are immense and you can really feel for your fledgling Empire as it takes its first steps into space. For this reason alone I am going to say this game has to be on the top of your list of buys. But with the game mechanics being so smooth and the game so addictive I would have to say buy it now! Also 9.5/10"
76561198013454869,Recommended,281990,23062200,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Failbot,"Amazing game. Crusader Kings meets Sins of a Solar Empire meets Civialization.Paradox, you've grown into my favorite developer.... but couldn't you wait to release this until after finals?kind of consuming my life..."
,Recommended,281990,23062219,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,NextGenPro,Best 4X Game Out There
76561198001248160,Recommended,281990,23062512,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Toppins,"UI problems, AI can be a mess, some poorly thought out key event triggers, balance issues ripe for abusing, but damn if it isn't the most fun I've had in a sci-fi 4X since Gal Civ II."
76561198013517782,Recommended,281990,23002670,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Theodotus,"For me, personally, Stellaris is the ""colonize the Galaxy"" game I've waited for all my life.I grew up reading science fiction.  The first thing I ever wanted to be was an astronaut.  (Maybe that was a result of seeing the moon landings live on TV when I was a kid.)  When I was a child, I was convinced that by now people would be living on the moon.  Reality has been a severe disappointment, in that respect.Since there are no moon colonies or manned expeditions or anything at all of that nature in real life, I've been reduced to living out my dreams of space vicariously.  I've played just about every space 4x game ever released.  (I won't bore you with a list.)  Most of them scratched the itch to a greater or lesser extent, but none of them ever truly did the job.  (My favorite up till now was MOO2, but even that became tiresome after extensive play -- because in the end much of it just boiled down to an exercise in production system optimization, which always came to feel like a rote exercise.)Then came Stellaris.To begin with, Stellaris is not afflicted by a limited pool of races that can be played as or played against, such that sooner or later the game becomes a succession of variations on living in the same neighborhood.  I've spent hours already just designing factions I want to play as at some point (created a representation of the human society from Starship Troopers, for instance), and I haven't even started on alien races yet, just humans.  And the fact that all in-game races I might meet are procedurally generated means that I'll never have anything like the same game twice.  Which, in and of itself, begins to establish the feeling of a real Galaxy.Beyond that, the game creates its own great stories.  For example, in my first play through, by the time the piracy event fired, I was down to a fleet of two corvettes.  (Damned space crystals.)  I recruited an admiral and sent my fleet of two corvettes to see what the Pirates had planned.  The orders were to shadow them and observe.  The admiral stood off and watched them begin their attack run on one of my science stations.  I figured it would be game over for the station soon enough.  But then the station began to fight back, and didn't die immediately, and as the admiral I couldn't bring myself to just watch it go down swinging.  Plus my two ships might be able to do some damage fighting alongside the station.  So we intervened.  With the result that my fleet was reduced to one remaining corvette almost immediately.  Confronted by the fact that I was about to have no fleet left at all, my admiral hit the emergency FTL button.  And then I got this event that said my admiral was taking it really hard that she'd abandoned the station to its doom, and that she was never going to do that again.  And she got a trait that made her better at combat, but that also meant she would never, ever disengage from a fight in the future.I've never had a story-telling experience like that in a space game before.  And it changed the course of the story going forward, too, because from that point on I had to be a bit more careful about how I used that admiral, given that there would be no retreat for her from any battle.And the feeling of being in a living world got stronger.I could go on and on, but the bottom line is:  for me, personally, Stellaris is the first game to truly give me the feeling of participating in the history of a stellar empire.  Which is what I've been waiting for all my life.(The game's not perfect, some things need to be fixed, others could be expanded upon, but I have confidence all that will happen in time, given Paradox's track record, and the things it does have are priceless to me.  I'm grateful for what it does have, rather than lamenting what it doesn't  have yet.)Now, keep in mind that this is my own personal opinion.  And as the Romans used to say, there's no point in arguing over matters of taste.  And Stellaris is clearly not for everyone.But for me it will be my go-to game from now on."
76561198025895677,Recommended,281990,23062174,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hi all (:,"Game is sooo addictive and well-balanced, guess I'd have to divorce and retire just to spend more time to play this! Mechanics not as deep and vast as Distant Worlds and MOO, and definately Stellaris offers no revolutinary solutions.But this game has many good features working so well together, it's just insane. Don't pass up!Just internal view outside of general pros and cons:Developer promised more content and interationsModding potential is extreme for the futureTutorial is rough, make sure to read on-line guidesUI is decent but a bit overwhelmingColonisation is not an easy task, no planet filters by type, size etc."
76561198104196830,Recommended,281990,23062184,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DarkHorse,"*****Compelling...I really enjoyed the space opera Insterstellar, now add some SOSE gameplay, EVE's art and meticulous attention to detail and now your cooking with THE best 4x RTS you'll ever experience in your life...This is my first and only steam review so far, but dont let that undermine my words, I've played RTS's since the first C&C when I was 8 years old...and when Sins came out I was fulfilled that nothing would surpass the greatness that stardock created....but here I stand with Stellaris.The fantastic music never gets old, my ears bleed rainbows, its been composed just that good.The Graphics are a true form of art and definatley stim from original creativity.The Gameplay is truly addictive...from naming your empire, making a flag to even designing what kind of ships you what in your fleets and naming those too...repeating this process over and over again is always a new experience.The ability to completely customize every aspect of your gameplay has long been desired for veteran RTS players, this is one game I wont be putting down anytime soon."
76561198040246124,Not Recommended,281990,23085615,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Krats,"The game is extremely addicting during the early and mid-stages. The shallow late-game and abysmal performance completely ruin the other half.The fun takes a huge nosedive after you reach the mid-game. You'll find yourself having the time running at fastest for minutes waiting for something to happen. The lack of diplomacy, dumb AI and lack of late-game progress all contribute to this.But the main issue is performance. When you expand and explore the entire map, the game will stutter, freeze and run at <20fps regardless of your rig. I couldn't even force myself to finish it, it's devolved into a laggy slideshow  - where even with nothing going on, the timer of the game will continuously freeze.Unless you are a die-hard-thirsty 4x fan, I recommend you avoid Stellaris. Maybe grab it on sale in a few months, with hopes that it's will be patched on it's glaring weak points."
76561198004365809,Recommended,281990,22921432,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,A British Bank isrun w Precision,"I come from EU4 and CKII (and what I could take of HOI2) so I was super excited for a Paradox sci-fi. The amount of detail present in past games made learning them a slow hours long process but also reflected a lot of work and very serious amountsof substance. This is no different in Stellaris except that you're not spending half your day learning. Every aspect I could have asked for seems to be present so far. Want to genetically modify a steam-age civilization of newly discovered humans? You can. Want exploration and colonization? There's tons. Want to be a fanatically individualist race of fungus people? Of course. Want to edit your own ships? Why not. Orbital bombardment and planetary assaults? You got it, and with amazing graphics too. LORE?! Plenty. It feels to me like they looked at every other sci fi game to see what people wished they had gotten from them, made a list of all those things and put them in a grand strat. So far war seems less frequent but feels much more intense than in previous Paradox games, what I would expect from war between different planets. Diplomacy seems a little trickier, but hey, aliens and such."
,Recommended,281990,22888298,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,"As someone who isn't super well versed into the 4X genre, it does sometimes feel a bit slow but over all I am enjoying the game a lot and I love the amount of customization."
76561197984220860,Recommended,281990,24944806,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Geo,"I recommend this game wholeheartedly. It succeeds where many 4X games have failed. And that is, its not just repetition after repetitions, usually starting or leading up to simple boring micromanagement. It's also, unlike more complex counterparts like say the Galactic Civilization series, very forgiving to new players. Don't get me wrong. It's got a steep learning curve if you wanna be tough enough to face the difficult mode enemies, but I feel like similar to say Civ V, it's not so difficult to get used to. And the customization is astoundedly amazing. It's really the little things that make this game excel beyond expectations.f*** the fallen empires though 0.1/10"
,Recommended,281990,23162741,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,King of all the Birbs,"This game is by far one of the best of paradox's games. Paradox games are infamous for having a steep learning curve for new players and being hard to learn. If you have ever played games like Civ5, you will see similarities between these two games. This is seriously what Beyond Earth should have been. I can't wait until dlc comes out and expands the game even more. I highly recommend."
76561198058167864,Recommended,281990,24148897,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,nproe2,"Overall, I'm enjoying this game 7/10Playing a game with a friend.  I focus on economy and expansion; after I get 3 planets and a large enough army I destroy my rude neighbors above, win 3 planets!  Fight off riots and rebellions over next decade... consolidate my empire, I'm the largest one around but somehow they're doing better than me military and I'm not weak at all...  Start expanding military.  WAR!  2 of them come at me... about 3x my strength since they're combined... they slaughter my main fleet.  I'm now building a major force at my backup star base.  Is this the end?  Is this going to be a comeback?  We'll see... they've got a combined force of 5k+... I'm at 3k right now camping by my starport"
,Not Recommended,281990,22888067,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Pepperoni,"It has potential, that's for sure.My main complaints is:-The amazingly stupid sector management AI which can't even put slaves and robots in the correct tiles. They keep putting them to farm energy credits and research points while ignoring the fact that slaves and robots (except synthetics) have disadvantages to farm it.-Non-existent diplomacy. It's so simple it hurts. Declare war, trade resources, declare rivalry, insult them. Just that. As for the casus belli for war, currently the choices are very limited. Giving only 3 choices; cede planet, vassalize, or liberate some of their planets.The only part I definitely love playing is the early-game stage, you'd be surprised at what events the game will throw at you when you start to explore the galaxy.The mid-game? It's your average Europa Universalis IV, but imagine it without any DLC. Yeah, that's it. Here's what you do during mid-game:-Build ships.-Wait for your tech research to complete.-Upgrade your ships with the latest weapons you acquired from research.-Declare war.Rinse and repeat, since there's no other thing except warring other states to ""win"" this game.Late-game stage is bugged. Foreign invaders? Sure thing, the AI doesn't even fight them! Except for Fallen Empires, that is. I still remember when the Unbidden appears, it only gave opinion bonus to all AI states, making them forming federation here and there. But because of that federation, they won't declare war to each other since they're locking each other. That creates a horribly static galaxy which nothing happens, even when Unbidden starts swallowing those states, they don't do anything!Then again, it's not like I hate this game or something, but currently it feels like an incomplete game. Perhaps in a year or so, when PDS releases some DLCs for this it'll be as good as CK2 or EU4, or even Vicky 2."
76561198030961350,Recommended,281990,30975605,Posted: 6 April,all,bruno_kristensen,"This is a great sci-fi game in the vein of Master of Orion II, updated for the 21st Century."
,Recommended,281990,23009517,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,monkeyBreath [TC],"Great game to just grind out by yourself or with friends. Sometimes I wish there was a strong and fun campaign that could be challanging, but it's great. If you're a fan of any other Paradox games you'll love this one. Much easier to figure out than some of their other games too."
,Recommended,281990,33013648,Posted: 29 June,all,HODOR,"An awful lot of space in this game, not sure if I like it."
,Recommended,281990,22891790,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,wrtnsq,"When i was preordering i thought its really global space game, but it's not.If you played Endless Space, this game most about the same, just not turn based its RTS now.Ofcourse, more futures so i would call it 2nd part of the Endless Space game, feels that they just made a better parody.Whats much sh1_tty in this part:- Science tree, not easy to realise what you researching, i mean to where it come after these few researches- Even if it's bigger than Endless Space you have the same limitsAbout the same things:- Ships modeling system- Space feeling- Graphics- Even menu- Start with creating race or chosing one of themIts all the same and many other..I think it's the best space RTS now after Starcraft 2 FOR ME.I would say it's9/10, no lags for me anymore after 1st hotfixMy hardware:AMD Radeon R9 290AMD FX(tm)-8120 Eight-Core Processor (8 CPUs), ~3.1GHz8 GB RAM"
,Recommended,281990,23743542,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Circus,is stellar
,Recommended,281990,23996616,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,totally amazing! if you want to spend  your money with something really remarkable buy Stellaris!
76561198059372699,Not Recommended,281990,32751099,Posted: 24 June,all,Archaedia,"A narrow road that goes nowhere. Decent early game, moderately fun towards the middle, no real late game. Still a pretty good game, no doubt, just probably not full price."
,Recommended,281990,23018307,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Krispehh,"Great game by Paradox that really mixes classic 4X strategy with more forgiving 'Paradox-esque"" traits from Crusader Kings II and Europ Universalis.I've yet to reach a point where nothing is either impossible nor a pushover. No matter how big you grow there's almost always someoone (or multiple) who can put you back into your place if you get greedy. The reverse being true when theres always a way to claw your way back into the game either through diplomacy or shrewd tactics.The ethics system is honestly one of the greatest mechanics in any 4X game I've played to date. Each individual pop will have it's own traits, preferences and ethics that may vary differently from their neighbours. Depending on your actions factions of individualists may rise up to combat your attempts to silence individuality. Or maybe your pacifist citizens are tired of your militaristic ways and decide to stand up for their own beliefs. It's a nice addition as it feels that each race and pop has it's own agenda rather than being another number to pay taxes or join your military.The introduction of a semi-RNG tech system is also an amazing new spin on traditional strategy games. While still partially present in the background linear tech-trees and best practice are things of the past. Sure you maybe be able to rush to Artic colonisation so improving habitatibility now might seem a great idea - and then the card might not appear for 30 years. While I'm sure this might agitate some players it does add the complexity other 4X research lacks. Rather than being commited to unlocking techs one after another they're presented almost as scientific breakthroughs you won't neccesarily expect. In my current playthrough the sudden arrival of a clone army tech was awesome as I had no idea that was even a thing - and in my pacifist, xenophile republic based off of the Star Wars Galactic Republic it was a space geek dream.The combat is simple and may lack some of the mincromanaging skills of other 4X games but lets be honest - it's a Paradox game we never expected that in the first place. Instead it's more about taking th opportunity to strike when it arises - maybe your enemy was drawn into another war or is facing domestic rebellion. Maybe you just unlocked a new tech (hell yeah Advanced Strike Craft) that they have no means to combat. Combat is all about understanding your opponents fleets and building to exploit their flaws while also minimising your own.Of worthy note is the movement system. It's great to see access to wormhole, hyperspace and warp as seperate categories of space travel. It adds more variety to engagement and minimalises the chokehold effect other 4X games may emply. Sure you can build a massive defense station at the chokehold of the hyperspace way - that won't stop warp drives simply bypassing the system. It's nice to force players to think more critically of their decisions and encourage unorthodox gameplay.All in all despite some of the minor issues and lacking capabilities in the game currently it's well worth the price for a game you'll gladly sink hours into. Knowing Paradox the game will recieve support, continual bugfixes and about a million expansions (all of which I'll gladly buy) that will result in one truly amazing game.Give it a shot and make space great again."
76561198090478756,Recommended,281990,26153892,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Haegar Hardstriker,10/10 was mollusk hitler in space.
76561198030733621,Recommended,281990,22900933,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cyrus Deacon,"This is not an action packed game. This is a space empire management game. So before you buy it, know that. You don't control units like Star Craft. Deal with it.I am a very harsh critic of games. Read my other reviews. As of right now there is absolutely no reason to play any other space strategy game. Everything is done right. I honestly am not sure I have a single negative critisism(except for a few release bugs, that will no doubt be corrected). This is a galactic game of chess on steroids. This game has raised the bar and set a new standard on space strategy games. 9.5/10. The only reason this doesn't get a 10 is because of minor bugs. 10 is reserved for perfect games. I have yet to run into one. This is as close as it gets."
76561198008496967,Not Recommended,281990,23227848,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Plavalaguna,"So let me start off by saying this game is almost awesome.  I have loved playing it so much....in the beginning.  The problem is when your star system starts to get very large the game slows down to unbearable levels.  It is almost unplayable at this point.  They do have a beta patch that seems to help a little at first.  If you shut down the game and start it back up every so often it seems to run a bit smoother....but not enough.  So in the future hopefully I will change my review, because the thumbs down is based solely on the latency issues."
76561198077567340,Recommended,281990,23547032,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Meat Rub King,"If you enjoy games like Age of Empires or Civilization and you want a space theme to it, this is your game. This is what Sid Meier's Starships could not be, but even better!"
,Recommended,281990,30129620,Posted: 23 February,all,Aaronthelemon,yes.
,Recommended,281990,23223926,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Almighty Helix Fossil,"10/10 would sit through a 8 hour game just to beat a guy who killed some space penguins againNo but really, this game is great."
76561198007857981,Recommended,281990,23230842,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,oggolboff,Awesome game.
76561198169829427,Recommended,281990,24360170,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Talen,"Look if u like space, stars, strategy and aliens then this is gust thte game for u . There is a lot of replayabilaty . Aswell i understand that the game has issues but hey its still being polished it has a bright futere aswell more and more species and unique ship types to come events to soleve or survive and civilizations to meet . Im a big fan of sci-fi games like this one and i think its worth the money tho its a bit my in the country where i live (economics hrad to explain so lets not ) but oh well who cares ITS GREAT ."
76561198007985192,Not Recommended,281990,23125611,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,anaboo,"Disappointing experience - diplomacy lacks any kind of sophistication, the game gets incredibly repetitive after the first 10 hours of play and the mid-game is not interesting (lather, rise, repeat). The lack of polish doesn't bother me as much - I'm just disappointed in the unsopshicated gameplay."
,Recommended,281990,23208584,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GrapeVulture,"Without going into too much detail, i liked taking over the galaxy. I didnt like the limited interaction between empires and the small number of embassies you can build, in comparison with how many other civilizations can be out there. Otherwise, its fun."
76561198035339057,Recommended,281990,23318202,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Vault,"I started playing Stellaris a few days after it came out. The first faction I created was the Brotherhood of Steel Star Empire. I got the♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of me. If you\'re a xenophobic people, you better be ready to make A LOT of enemies.After That, I created the Vault-Tec Star Corporation. (\""A Better Future... In Space!\"") Now everyone loves me, I have A LOT of allies and I promise not to start a nuclear (or the space equivalent) war between them all..."
,Recommended,281990,24306981,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,It doesnt get better I'm afraid,"My main issue with the game is sort of a loss of a core gamplay loop when you arive at what would be considered ""end game"" The initial fun of mapping the stars and surveying planets and that sense of wonder dense with events is sort of lost after a while. Then you have about 20 planets that all have decently working infrastrucutre and the only thing left to do is slowly consume the empires that surround you and reserch more tech. Then a crisis event might happen and that sense of wonder and exitement is rekindled only for you to realise that is basicaly amounts to whack a mole as you must remove what ever cuased the crisis in a long drawn out campagin. Maybe I'm missing the point but i feel like this game needs more content maybe some more ship teirs(big spacships are always cool) and many more mid/lategame events(large factions of space pirates or somthing idk) but untill then only buy it if you're big into crusader kings in space I guess"
76561197993460938,Recommended,281990,24513149,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,linis,"I was playing Galactic Civilizations II & III before I got Stellaris.Even though I feel that Stellaris lacks several things that make Galactic Civilizations 2 and 3 amazing games, I find myself playing Stellaris far more because of how quickly this game loads up on older hardware and how smoothly it runs on the largest galaxy setting by comparison, that and the introduction of several things I've not seen in space 4x games, like finding primitive civilizations that can advance all the way to the space age and join the rest of the spacefaring races in the galaxy, assuming they survive long enough to advance and achieve interstellar travel. Each civilization in the galaxy can have a variety of society types based on the living conditions and ethics of not just a galactic civilization at large, but on each individual planet as well. There are several species separated into categories, with subcategories for each species type, providing many unique looking creatures to meet.Each game in Stellaris offers a HUGE amount of exploration, which is further enhanced with the numerous mods that range from small graphical changes to the ui, to massive overhauls for the entire game. This is still without all the bells and whistles that the Galactic Civ series has from the start, things like intricate diplomacy and trading. Take my words with a grain of salt. If you really don't want to pay full price right now, sure wait for a sale. Regardless of whatever the choice may be, I recommend this game and say jump right in.  :)"
76561198017245582,Recommended,281990,23325537,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ivanm,"If you love Paragon games, you\'ll love this one.If you love space strategies, you\'ll love this one.In fact, you\'d better try it yourself, it\'s not that expencive.Pesonaly I enjoy this game a lot."
76561198103497349,Not Recommended,281990,33529202,Posted: 13 July,all,the_walking_kyle,"This review is for the base game, I haven't played the DLCs yet. Scroll to bottom for final verdict.The game has alot of interesting features, but I just can't recommend the game in it's current state. When picking your empire you can customize the culture and politics, but your physical appearance I found too limited. At first you really feel like an explorer, there's a fair amount of unique mission chains you can pick up just by exploring star systems. That's the best part of the game. Once you've established your empire (unable to expand without declaring war on someone) it's all downhill from there. Here are my main concerns, in no particular order:-The AI is just stupid. They'll declare war when they have no reason to or are pathetically weaker than you. They're very conservative and won't take risks to cripple your empire. Instead they'll attempt to wait you out. Their only chance is if you make a really dumb move or don't know what you're doing.-The lists and map modes are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. This really surprised me for a Paradox game. In CK and EU you can easily find out who's at war with each other, the diplomatic situation between empires, military size and organization, technologies, trade, and many other useful things just by looking at a list or map mode. In Stellaris I have look at each empire individually. Sometimes I can't see what their relationship is with another empire because they have so many relationships the icons overlap each other. If I want a certain resource I have to talk to one empire after another just to see if they have what I want.-Only certain planets qualify to be terraformed, but there's no list! So I have to manually check every planet in my empire for a special modifier.-Diplomacy gets incredibly repetitive and boring. Why do I constantly have to renew my treaties+trades? I get that some empires like you more if you change the length of the treaty, but there should be an option to maintain treaty until one party wants to modify or cancel the deal.Some things I like:-You can automate groups of planets called sectors. These sectors also have the option to build up their own military bases for defense.-You can uplift primitive alien races and encorporate them into your empire in a variety of ways.-There are no machine races, but you can research technology that gives AI's sentience and make them a part of your empire in a variety of ways.-The graphics are nice. I especially liked the way terraformed Mars looked.-Fallen empires. These are ancient high level technology empires that are usually dormant. They'll attack you if you get too close to their borders, but may also help you with gifts.-Federation victory. Basically you form an alliance with other empires, if you can get more than 60% of all habitable planets you win the game.-You can have a migration treaty with other empires. Aliens from that empire can become citizens of your empire. This is really cool, because each alien race will have their own traits. For example some may be better at physics research, while others can make really good soldiers.-You use armies to conquer and defend planets. You can research technologies that will give you interesting units like xenocalvary, genetically engineered super soldiers, and many more! Although these battles aren't intersting to watch.*****Final Verdict*****You can really customize you empire with unique features, but the core of the game is too repetitive. I'd only recommend this at 50% off. Keep in mind you'll probably want to buy the DLCs to make the game more interesting."
76561198074920725,Recommended,281990,23226476,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Antoine,"Bestest game ever. Much wow. Very amusement.Cons: Only 24 hours in a day to play. Also, a bit of lag when you get too powerful and your enemies cower in fearbefore your invincible armada."
,Not Recommended,281990,32660162,Posted: 22 June,all,Masalskas,"Core game is mostly broken years after release, feels incomplete and DLC policy is HORRIBLECherry on top is how prices are increasing"
76561198007812555,Recommended,281990,23536328,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[TFM] sgtrpcommand,"Firstly, this is my first Paradox game so I cannot compare to previous games from the developer.However, the 40 or so hours I've spent on the game so far has been in one game. I started as the ""Solarian Star Republic"" which was a militaristic, xenophilic human government with a personal mandate to have the most powerful fleet in the galaxy. After a few pre-emptive strikes on a former ally (I swear they were going to attack me!), they'd been absorbed and I sat as the 10th largest in terms of volume of space, while my military was 3rd in the galaxy. Not only that but I'd formed a Federation which was the most powerful alliance of star nations in the galaxy. Following that, there was a bit of friction with a fallen empire and I, again, pre-emtpively struck them with a force three times more powerful than anything they had (plust the allies who decided to help out). After absorbing the fallen empire after the shortest war in the history of the galaxy, I looked over my new domain of space and began aggressive colonisation of my newly found paradise. Finally having a chance to breathe, I looked over the Solarian League (I renamed it) and realised that, although I'd acted in terms of non-expansionist policy (I'd aimed to destroy my threat, not expand my territory), not ONCE had I been on the defencive. Now, my empire was the 2nd largest by volume and, by far, the most powerful military and, I'm guessing, the most powerful economy (thank you Fallen Empire).If you couldn't be bothered to read all that, I'll summarise my point quickly. This game lets you play how you want, at whatever speed you want, for as long as you want. There aren't many games that do THAT right.I just wish they'd release the damn soundtrack!!!"
,Not Recommended,281990,33562742,Posted: 15 July,all,arthurccb,the game is not close to being a finished product. the DLC is over priced and they manipulate the price of the game in and around sales to appear cheaper. and developers seem more concerned about putting their own political agenda's  in the game than creating the best product possible.
76561198105776136,Recommended,281990,29602846,Posted: 31 January,all,Spazer,"This game. oh my God this game is amazing!!!!!.It is literally the best 4x space strategy in history and here is why (well atleast in my opinion). So the first thing you will do when starting a new game is picking one of some pre-made races or edit them/create your very own race you get to chose it's appearence ethics and traits aswell as other things about it.Then you get into the gameplay where you start in your home system and from there you will Colonize planets,meet other races,fight fallen empires,dicover the fates and ruins of precursor civilizations upplift/destroy primitive civilizations,research all kinds of sci fi technologies you can imagine and in the end Dominate the Galaxy!!!!. Btw did i mention that this game was made by the creators of europa universalis and crusader kings 2?. Yep Paradox Interactive has done it again also this game has a certain something called console commands.jajajaja i'm not kidding oyu they put those in here FTW and if you're playing the leviathans story pack dlc you will fall in love even quicker btw you can easily get an unreagretable 600 hours into this masterpieceFinal verdict 10/10 Legend"
,Recommended,281990,34331348,Posted: 18 August,all,bkr101,"Great game, recomend for big time strategy players"
,Recommended,281990,23217652,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Augustus24,"first off, I love this game enough to go out of my way to write a review. I have read several of the negative reviews on this game so far. i just want it to be known that some of those reviews are for the hardest core 4x gamers (which i am). im not saying they are wrong but this game just came out. The amount of content in this game for a vanilla version is more then most games at this stage of release. Also the game is on steam workshop now and the mods are starting to flow.For a paradox game, the learning curve is simpler then most when compared to their other titles. still a challenge enough to be a true paradox game. overall, very fun game, worth the price i payed. totally :)"
76561198004463957,Recommended,281990,23377291,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rookie,"Pros:-As a grand strategy game; similar depth with the civ series-Make you keep thinking; easily get addicted-Fairly good price-Smooth gameplay-open world explorationCons:-Graphic especially drawing of the character should improve-Should add on more interesting chain event; quite quiet for such huge universeConclusion: Stellaris is a fairy good strategy game.  If u like Paradox strategy game for example: CK series, Europa series; you should get it. If you like space exploration you should get it. If you like gaming for like 8 hours non-stop; get it.Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,281990,23377274,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Divi Filius,"A really well made 4x strategy game set in space with great visuals.Pros:>Great empire builder allowing you to edit every factor of your nation from cosmetics to governing policies and ideologies, from a big selection allowing for varied nations in every game.>Strong and entertaining early-game, with interesting anomoly popups and early diplomacy with other factions.>Indepth ship builder allowing you to create your own classes of ships using a range of weapons, shields etc that you researched ingame.>Downright FANTASTIC visuals. Planets and solar systems are beautifully rendered, and the 2D alien avatars in diplomacy and pop windows are drawn beautifully.>Satisfying fleet battles, especially between two 10k+ stacks. Lasers shooting around, rockets exploding, bombers and fighter jets shooting lasers. It's pretty epic.>Engaging user-friendly planet modification, in which planets are divided into seperate tiles, each with different resources. Each tile allows you to build one building that boosts that tile's production or contributes to the planet's overall resource output. You can also manage your population much more easily.>Massive research trees divided into three categories give you a wide range of new things to see, unlock and create.>Epic science-fiction themed soundtrack that never gets tiring to listen to.>A ground forces system where you have to recruit armies on your own planets and ferry them to enemy planets to occupy. It's okay, but generally gets bogged down in the furious scrolling and clicking during a war.>Mod support, giving you access to a ton of incredible gameplay and graphics enhancements that ultimately improve your gameplay experience.Cons:>Very weak mid/late-game. After you finish exploring the galaxy there are no more interesting pop ups and random events like in Europa Universalis IV. You just tend to build ships in between wars and watch your empire slowly grow.>Terrible AI team mechanics. If you're in an alliance and you go to war with another empire, your ally's fleets will follow yours around resulting in a giant death stack. You're unable to set up planets for them to occupy or blockade like you can with ally troops in EUIV. Generally your occupied planets will be taken back because your ally is too stupid to leave forces behind.>Shallow diplomacy mechanics, limiting you to trade deals, war declaration and vassalisation demands. If you're in a war where the AI is the warleader, you may find yourself ripping your hair out because the warleader is too stubborn to peace out.  The Nation comparison box needs to show percentages, not ""Superior, overwhelming, inferior."" I often end up wrecking 'superior' nations just because they have a couple of corvettes more than I do and have a ""level 3 power plant"" research that I don't have.>Lacking rebel faction interactions makes it very difficult to deal with rebel uprisings if your influence income is low. There needs to be better ways of pleasing rebels and easing revolt rather than bribing leaders and suppressing media.>More indepth sector management. The game at start caps you to being able to rule over 5 planets. After that you need to create sectors in order to have more planets in your empire. Sectors are essentially micro thriving sub-nations within your empire that will focus on building specific buildings that you can set in the empire screen. However they restrict you in your ability to manage the population especially when there's divergence leading to a rebellion. This causes problems.>Various bugs and glitches with the AI here and there. Examples include: An enemy 12k fleet had gotten stuck in the edge of a solar system trying to evade my allied death stack and ended up getting destroyed rather than warping away. Another example is that my ally had two planets right on the border of a Fallen Empire. Everytime their truce was up the Empire would declare war, kick my ally's♥♥♥♥♥and force my ally to abandon the two planets. As soon as the war ended my ally would recolonise the planets and the cycle repeated itself. It was irritating to say the least.Despite its flaws Stellaris has huge potential to improve. Knowing Paradox, i expect alot of DLC packs to come out soon. If you like EUIV and Victoria 2 and are a fan of science fiction, this is the game for you."
76561197992236328,Not Recommended,281990,23162539,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,riuky,"Did not like the planet management.Sectors hoard resources, while my main empire starves.At least let the ships built in those sectors use the sector resources...."
76561198027736652,Recommended,281990,33720106,Posted: 22 July,all,kuhioday,This isthe best game I own
76561198077592567,Recommended,281990,23223713,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Undeadsporeking,Buy This Game.
76561197990619760,Recommended,281990,23226044,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hazen,Wow.
76561198010095735,Recommended,281990,24833936,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,spikefar,"This is one of the best Space 4X games I've ever played, and I've played alot of them. The soundtrack is excellent, the interface simple to learn and use, and throughout gameplay your are kept engaged by small side quests and tweaks to your storyline. The biggest positive is that it never feels like a grind, even end game."
,Recommended,281990,31651294,Posted: 9 May,all,madlarkin8,The winning paradox formula for grand strategy.... IN SPACE M*********ERS!
,Not Recommended,281990,24812144,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Demicore,Sad I bought into the hype. This is a sad rump of a game that will only be fleshed out after two years of DLCs. Avoid; buy one of the many other great strategy games out  there.
76561197966125533,Recommended,281990,23593410,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Menthol Ciggies,10/10 would enslave the galaxy again
,Not Recommended,281990,31050171,Posted: 9 April,all,mbpoblet,"Great game, if it wasn't basically unplayable due to the lack of any sort of message log or settings (at least they added a couple miserable map modes in a recent patch).I just want EUIV in space, is that too much to ask..? :("
76561198019956562,Recommended,281990,34357436,Posted: 19 August,all,shakes_spears,Europa Universalis IV in space.
76561198029099256,Recommended,281990,23235833,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,GulAragon,"Truly one of the best games espec. in the 4x genre I have played for a very long time.Not my desired worthy Master of Orion 2 clone but another approach to the 4x genre.For me it has the look and feel of a kind of a Star Trek game - like a ""Birth of the Federation"" with all the space exploration and colonization.Very well done.Update after nearly 100hours:This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. Serioulsy this is very addictive and delivers the best space exploration and space empire or United Federation of Planets experience a game offered to me.Plus the developers do a very good job keeping it getting even more interesting.Buy this game !! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,281990,23108080,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MagusSartori,"The most important things:Is Stellaris fun? Yes.I like 4X games, should I buy it? Yes.I haven’t played many 4X games, should I buy it? Probably not.Ok, now lets begin.This is a review by and for someone who has a lot of hours logged in 4X games. If you don't already like 4X games or know what I mean by 4X, then Stellaris is possibly not for you and there are better entry points to the genera. I suggest starting with the Civilization series before coming back. As a 4X game Stellaris is a mixed bag. It adds some things to the genera, but it also flat fails on some things the genera mastered a long time ago.The Good:What Stellaris does well is Tone, Theme, and Story(s). An area where this genera far far too frequently just phones it in. This is where Stellaris shines. Leaders and Ethics add a great deal of imaginary frosting to the everyday tasks of expanding your space empire. The event chains and the stories they tell were entertaining. The late-game crises and fallen empires were genuinely terrifying when they first popped up. It was a very refreshing experience, and I hope future 4X games step up to this challenge.Mechanically I like the sector system, but want to see it more limited (like restricting a sector to the same planet limit as your core worlds). I like the random tech system. The basic game mechanics are nothing to write home about, but acceptable. There are some balance issues, but there will be patches.The Bad:While Stellaris does well with Tone, Theme, and Story, where it fails is that the vast majority of these things have only a token impact on the game mechanics. So you’ve chosen to be a militant atheist and your neighbor is a religious zealot. They hate you. Thematically great. Mechanically they were going to hate you anyway because you decided that you wanted some of your other neighbors stuff, because that’s the only reasonable way to expand. Everyone always hates you.I love the leadership system for the fun little game of managing my cohort of cronies. Mechanically the bonuses they provide are only OK. And excepting survey vessels, if you don’t hire a leader for the entire game, nothing bad will happen.And finally, the game is slow. Very slow. I’m that type of guy that built a custom map in Sins of a Solar Empire with 5 max size galaxies. I don’t mind a grind so long as i’m having fun, but Stellaris is REALLY a grind. I have something like 40 hours in Stellaris at this point and all that is all ONE GAME. And I’ve only got only perhaps 1/5 of the galaxy under my control and some fallen neighbors who could totally steamroller me. Not even close to winning yet.The Ugly:The interface and visual design (no joke intended) commit some major faux pas for a game of this genera. Notably by making you scroll through your overlay rather than keeping information nice and compact, clutter up icons in the play field, and have no reasonable find or filter functions. 4X games are in no small part information management games because there are so many things going on in them. And while the interface is well suited to an early game, by even the middle of the game i’m finding myself spending way too much time paused and scanning the screen for an icon or scrolling through a list of 40 items where the window only displays 3 or 4 at once. The interface looks great, but it simply is not good enough for a 4X management game. That the interface needs to be tight is something other 4X titles learned and mastered a long time ago. And this is my biggest gripe because it’s the itch that never goes away, and only gets worse over time.Overall I’m enjoying the game, but will be looking for mods to help alleviate what problems I came across. At this point it is not going on my best games list, but there are definitely some sweet things I want future 4X games to take away from Stellaris."
76561197961594664,Recommended,281990,23150809,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,=JpS=SgtRock,"47 hours into this game, I'm on my 10th restart, and I'm still really enjoying it.  Obviously, with so many restarts I can only speak to the early game but I think it just flows extremely well.I fought my first war in one of my earlier games and came within an ace of winning.  I didn't quite have the oomph to finish off my neighbor.  This time around I want to crush them hard!  ;)It's 2247.  I've set up three sectors and I'm aiming at a 4th hopefully relatively soon.  My navy is kind of weak with a mix of half and half destroyers and corvettes.  It's about 1k in strength.  I'm researching cruisers right now but they're still several years away.I'm right next door to a BIG neighbor that I'm playing nice with so he'll ignore me for the time being.  He's busy beating up on a bunch of weak sisters to our galactic east.  Meanwhile, I'm plotting his eventual demise in the distant future...Did I mention that I love the roleplaying in this game?Oh, yeah, definitely worth buying!"
76561197961277512,Not Recommended,281990,23034093,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TiduZ,"The early game exploration + expansion is decent, though has a lot of room for improvement. The mid game is a grind that slows down more and more as the game drags on. Actually capturing enemy planets or making another empire a vassal takes a very long time. Why? Because often you will declare war with an empire who has allies and end up having to defeat ~30% of 5 empires just to be rewarded with 2 planets... in a galaxy with a few thousand planets. There is no other victory condition other than combat that I'm aware of either.The UI is less than mediocre  and is apparently going to be a main focus of the first patch due out at the end of May. There are no waypoints for shipyards, which is something pretty basic, and some midgame tasks are made incredibly tedious by the lack of UI elements such as ""show me planets in my borders with untapped resources"" or earlygame things such as ""show me a list of all habitable planets."" In general having sortable lists is a good thing and there's not much of that here yet.There is potential here. The general slow-paced RTS with large scope idea works, but it's just really rough right now and 90% of the fun is in the first few hours of the game.This might be a very good game in a year's time, but in its current state I'd recommend waiting for the sales."
76561197962067037,Not Recommended,281990,24654584,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Metorical,"I've really tried to enjoy this game, being a big fan of the 4X genre, but there's just not enough interesting decisions to make.  The gameplay systems seem to be designed to limit what you can do and artifically slow down the game.Wait for sales (£10-15) or major improvements.  I'm careful when buying full price games and this one of the few I've regretted paying so much for."
76561198082976176,Not Recommended,281990,32237238,Posted: 7 June,all,Akrombatik Mer,The price change is f*ckin annoying.What have you done Paradox?Are you trying to lose your all customers.
,Recommended,281990,29982159,Posted: 17 February,all,Mystery Combat Man 2,"Out of 10Graphics: 10. Absolutely gorgeous visuals, from Space Fights, to burning Suns, Black Holes, and Colony Planets with their Cities visible from Space.Sound and Music: 10. Also, this is moddable.Controls: 10. You spend very little time looking for hotkeys, and the impontant stuff is a click away, and context-specific prompts make sure you don't miss that Science ship that just got attacked, or the Construction queue which is completed.Gameplay: 9. I mean, it's a Paradox game. You're gonna tab out and do something else at some point...Story: 10. I've not had the joy of doing the Horizon Signal Event yet, but there are a whole host of Anomalies with simple and Empire-shaking consequences. This contributes greatly to the replay value, especially given that your Empire will react to it based on their Ethics.Length: 10. As slow or as quick as you need it to be, unless you need it to go superfast (like a month per second or something.)Difficulty: 9. Once you know how to run an Empire in Stellaris, you can't go wrong in terms of resource management or technology. Though a bad decision can have lasting consequences, and can spell doom for your people. You can make the AI mild or murderous. If you're not careful, or interested in securing your territory, you will be punished.Replay Value: 9. There are variations on precursor societies to stufy once you begin the game, and beyond that point, the events that transpire are impossible to predict in advance. Not a 10 because you're bound to see some anomalies again and again, sometimes 2-3 times in the same game. This is not awful, though.Originality: I don't know what this means, I'm just using a review template. Let's got for a 10.Personal Enjoyment: 10.All in all: 97/100.But this is just one review. I don't have any of the addons, and I got gifted the game, so Caveat Emptor."
,Recommended,281990,29993072,Posted: 17 February,all,Nux,"Stellaris is a fantastic grand strategy, set in the vast expanse of space.  It is very detailed and takes some time to learn how to play, I restarted a few times just to be doomed to failure early on.Once you gain a firm grasp of the game's concepts it becomes nearly impossible to stop playing. Starting with a small faction and setting out to create a vast empire, in whatever way you see fit.  In my case I took a small sect of humanity that had gotten lost among the stars, long forgotten by earth, and had them rise up through hardships to conquer the entire galaxy and purge all sentient life that was not human.  This is just one of many ways to play the game, you can choose from one of the many default factions or create your own faction and play your own story, complete with tons of traits and perks to really customize things your way.The early game is where things really shine. Setting out into the unknown and colonizing new planets, researching new technologies, raising a fleet and armies, establishing contact with new species, going to war and taking other empires for your own, the list goes on and on.  Sadly the late game does not provide you with enough to really keep going, there are some late game crises which are a daunting task to deal with, but other than that it becomes quite slow. In my case it became a chore to wipe all life from the galaxy because I was so powerful and it just became a tedious task, I didn't really feel like I was accomplishing anything.Despite things ramping down in the late game, Stellaris is still a worthwhile investment if you enjoy strategy games. It also has great mod support for when you get tired of the main game, I turned the whole game into the Star Wars universe from the Old Republic.Definately worth playing."
76561198002392438,Recommended,281990,23503540,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,toygunsenler,Best space game I have ever seen.
76561198013866773,Recommended,281990,23411517,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,battlemad,"Paradox made a very good base to build upon, real MoO2 lovers dream.Middle game is currently boring.  Like the science and exploring part of the game but its a bit of a crap shoot for empire building. Good luck can be as good as a good starting position."
76561198072786521,Recommended,281990,23461108,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The🅱️unyip,"Stellaris, enslave your peasants and force them to work in a mineral mine. Once your favorite meat puppets are done smashing rocks, you purge them to prevent complaining. 10/10-Nobody can hear you burn your slaves alive, in space.P.S.♥♥♥♥ space commies,"
76561198024409136,Not Recommended,281990,23698583,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Philosophating Phrog,"Paradox was too busy making EUIV progressively difficult and unplayable with each new patch to spend any time giving this any depth or challenge. Played for 700 years. Colonized and conquered about 1/6 of the galaxy. Walked away from the computer for about 50 game years. Nothing happened. No wars. No uprisings. No events. Just time. The reason nothing happens is because once everybody gets in their federations and alliances, nobody leaves and everyone is afraid to declare war. I had seen everything the game had to offer, and it wasn't much. Didn't play another civilization. I wish I would have waited for a sale..."
,Recommended,281990,23198594,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,n0skill,Super duper cool game. The only problem is that the battles look like donkey. They just devolve into ridiculous ship blobs.
,Recommended,281990,23325108,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kintar,"Overall, this is the best 4x space game I\'ve played.  There are a few mid-game issues at the moment that make the gameplay drag, but Paradox has already put out dev diaries and blog posts about how they will be addressed.  I\'m looking forward to wasting WAAAAY too many weeks of my life playing this game. :)"
76561198129351694,Recommended,281990,23461110,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,The Sea Snipper,"In space no one can hear you genocide :^). On a serious note,this game is so amazing. It runs amazingly,the sound track is wonderful,the game itself looks beautiful,and once you get the slow start the game takes off from theerre. 10/10 reccomend to anyone who loves space,grandstrategy,genocide,and/ormanaging large empires."
76561198085331198,Recommended,281990,23477194,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,MrTummySticks,dont ruin it with the console commands. multiplayer is awesome.
,Recommended,281990,23489553,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Antza2,Basically the space stage from Spore done right.
76561198019509003,Not Recommended,281990,23614129,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sangria,"Reviewd at patch 1.1.Game suffers from mid-and-end game boredom.The initial thrill of exploration is subsituted with a grind of epic proportions.It has it's charms like creating your own (limited!) ship designs, too bad that battles are just a cluster****.War dynamics need to be reworked with AI being able to opearte in several places in the same time and wars being lost even though you consitently destroy enemy fleets.I'd wait for a couple of DLCs and definitely more than one patch."
,Recommended,281990,23490340,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,PFC Bluschke,yes
,Recommended,281990,23503393,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Darrus,"Most immersive space 4X out there.In some sense the developers actually make it look easy, as the changes to the usual formula for this type of game are somewhat limited in scope but pervasive in nature. From way that the species are randomly generated to the writing in the survey event pop-ups, the game just ""feels"" more real. I never really recommend games but this one is an exception.10/10"
76561197966984155,Recommended,281990,22890977,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Regrettable Decisions,"Bought it at around 2PM to play, just to see how it was.It's now 2AM.4 / 4 Xs would stay up late again."
,Not Recommended,281990,32386497,Posted: 13 June,all,Vio,Inflated Price DLC machine.
,Recommended,281990,25152126,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ZombieTeam67,This is probley one of the best space rts games ive ever played. There are so many paths to go like fighting or trade you can do it all. With very cool space combat with amazing space colnization. I would recommed it to a friend because its just a huge game full of hidden secerts. 10/10There are also uprising from robots and crazy aliens that invade
76561198038662759,Recommended,281990,23077706,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,WeApons_GrAde,"So, Stellaris.We'll start with the positives, The game is definitely remarkable in the aspesct that it brings us some genuinely enjoyable gameplay in the form of 4X real time elements. There are no turns to take, everything happens in front of you.Early on in the game there is much to do, technologies to research, planets to colonize, learning who your galactic neighbors are, what they are.In my case, in a game with a friend, I spawned in dangerously close to a fallen empire.That was a good and bad thing, being xenophiles they had no intention of killing me out as long as I do not enslave/purge my citizens. This essentially meant that my border was secure, so long as I didn't atttract their Ire. The bad thing was that I could no longer expand to the south of the galaxy.I soon learned that I was surrounded by many different empires, that the west side of the galaxy was densely populated by different alien races whose goals and ideals differed exponentially.My friend in game, spawning on the far eastern side of the galaxy, was having a completely different experience. His empire expanded quickly and was given an opportunity to really grow his borders, While his empire was bigger, this also meant that all the other empires in the east were also a healthy size due to the sparcity of galactic neighbors.Soon, both east and west started to effectively garner their own cultures, if you will.The west was densely populated with many small nations in alliances, and also highly technologically advanced due to their being very few wars.The east was the exact opposite, no alliances, many large nations, many large fleets. Huge wars raged all over the East, and due to their increased military spending, those nations could not afford to invest in technological advancement.I thought this to be a truly interesting parallel, one the game definitely delivers well.The late-mid game is dull however, I eventually declared war on my neighbor when the West fell to pieces and started tearing itself apart with massive battles with highly technologically advanced fleets, completely reshaping the western borders.I vassalized a smaller nation, while simultaneously taking some planets from another nation by force. The vassal was fiercely loyal before being integrated. While the other nations' planets I had annexed inhabitants started a faction in order to defy my rule.After dealing with the insurrectionists and succesfully integrating the other nation, the prethoryn appeared in our galaxy to the east.Spawning in my friends' empire, decimating it in mere minutes.He now has his last fleet holding at his nations' capital. With massive defensive starbases and stationary weapons waiting for an overwhelming extragalactic force to consume his people.While I sit comfortably in the West, building up my fleet for an opponent I may never actually fight.Better him than me, I suppose.8/10. You will lose days to this game, not hours. If the story didn't initially indicate that."
,Recommended,281990,23122448,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sorenzo,"I was *very* wary of buying this game. I think a lot of 4X games turn out to be bland, and space 4X games have turned out to be total flops in the past.But I wound up buying it. To be quite honest, the fact that Paradox has acknowledged the game's shortfalls on their forums made me much more comfortable buying it, since it gives me faith that, if I end up with the same criticism as many others have, Paradox will address them.That said, here's my concerns:- The diplomacy system could use more work, compared to EU4 and CK2. However, I do think it meets the standard expectations, and it's significantly better than certain other 4X games, like Civ5 and <insert that crappy 4X space game I can't bother looking up. Samurai space bears come to mind.>.- I've been surprised that alien empires aren't as aggressive as I imagined from a Paradox game, although I suspect that that's by intention - why start galactic wars if there are still colonizable planets? However, if the AI doesn't start to try and kill me at some point, I'll edit this review to say that the game is unplayable.- No orbital mechanics. I realize the engine they've designed is very functional and spartan, and the game looks good for the most part, but damnit, I PLAYED KSP AND I LIKE ORBITAL MECHANICS.- There ought to be a more significant difference between ocean, arctic, and desert worlds.- Minor graphic realism qualms - the galaxy could look more... galaxy-scaled. The background could probably be more realistic. And should the stellar dust be so... dust-looking?- Minor interface qualms.- At this point in my game, I am not convinced that the populations are important enough. It doesn't seem to matter what they believe, and the only racial trait that seems important is their planet preference.- The ship design system could be more rewarding and involved, although it's really not bad. The combat is a bit too rock-paper-scissors, and could use more options.- Some of the tech names/descriptions could be more realistic.What I like about this game:- Unlike many 4X and especially 4X space games, Stellaris seems to have really good pacing and doesn't push too much micromanagement on the player. You generally have something to do, but you don't have to manually control a million planets and constantly organize your fleets - although Paradox should allow us to set planets and fleets as rally points.- It's not turn-based. Trust me, that's a big improvement.- Many of the things you will discover are surprisingly interesting.- Randomized races. I don't have to make them. There's more than the standard few. They're a lot more varied and interesting than I expected.I guess all of this doesn't sound like a huge recommendation, so I'll sum it up:- Stellaris is the best 4X space game since Sword of the Stars 1. It's like all the other ones, but a lot better, as far as I can tell. I'll be sure to update this if I change my mind."
,Recommended,281990,23156097,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Cerlin,"Is stellaris perfect? Nope. Is it a great space grand strategy experince? Hell yes.What does it do that I have never seen before?- The Race system. This is both the construction of your race, the intereactions with others, and how all of this intertwines itself with ethics, politics, and governemnt of your empire.- The event system. This is mostly into early and mid game but exploring the galaxy is really fun. I think it makes having a more empty map even more fun than a heavily populated one.- The battle system - for a grand strategy I find the battle system a good compromise. IT is not too abstracted that it is boring but you have minimal actual tactical control. I do feel like it gives you useful information and you have a direct investment in yours hip designs. This is fun.- The tech tree. The way the tech tree is done it is not overwhelming, and this is really nice. You randomly get 3 choices for each of 3 technology typse so you never know what you will research this time."
76561198028393223,Recommended,281990,23159657,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,La bete malade,"Stellaris is extremely good in the early game when one can still explore and expand naturally, but unfortunately it lacks the depth to remain engaging into the mid- and late-game when one is boxed in by surrounding empires."
76561198024346494,Recommended,281990,23123619,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kumu Honua,"Great game with some flaws. Thankfully Paradox appears to be addressing many of those flaws in the next patch due the end of May and 2 more patches after that. Biggest problem currently is the midgame is dreadfully slow moving. This is due to them releasing without the midgame events that were supposed to happen.So while the game is in a state that I would consider ""unfinished"" it has a solid core and patches in the pipe. Additionally, it is extremely moddable and I expect good things to come due to the mods.If you like Grand Strategy games then this should be in your library."
76561197987350411,Recommended,281990,23158030,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Shawn of the Dead,"[Updated with 1.5 patch].TL;DR: Great game. The updates have made this into an actual MOO2 killer.-- Full Review --Stellaris is a real-time 4x game, similar in concept to Sins of a Solar Empire, but closer to MOO2 or Civilization in depth of gameplay. In a lot of ways it surpasses MOO2 in terms of depth and realistic feel.You start with a pre-designed or custom-built race on a single planet, and try to conquer the galaxy with them. However, this game does a much better job of simulating actual empire management than other similar titles. As your empire grows, your people can split into various factions, and you need to keep them happy or they may rebel and form their own empire. Also, there is a small limit on the number of planets you can manage manually. The others have to be assigned to a 'sector', which is essentially an AI-managed group of planets. This is a great mechanic, because it takes the tedium out of the late game, something that other games have struggled with.When creating a custom race, you choose the species (mammal, bird, fungus, etc..) which doesn't affect anything but appearance. Then you choose the home planet type and ethos, which is kind of like your race's philosophy. Ethos affects a lof of things in the game, and so is very important. Thankfully all of the choices seem pretty well balanced. You can then choose a government type, which is limited by your ethos. Finally, you can choose traits, which give you bonuses or penalties, using a point system. While the traits you can choose are much more limited than MOO2, the combination of traits, ethos, and government makes a wide variety of races possible.Research is handled similar to MOO 1, in that you are given a selection of techs to choose from for research. Ones you don't choose usually show up later, so you don't normally lose anything by not researching them immediately. The selection of techs is somewhat dependant on your ethos and government, with techs that would appeal to your racial type being more likely to appear. There are also rare techs which you may or may not have available, and techs which can only be obtained by killing enemies and researching the debris, similar to MOO2.The game features not only enemy empires similar to yours, but primitive (i.e. pre-space flight) races that you can study, exploit, or uplift, and fallen empires, which are high-tech empires that have passed their prime and are now basically stagnant. (Similar to MOO2's Antareans, but not immediately hostile.) The fallen empires are generally neutral unless you make them mad.There is a quest system that is called 'Special Projects' that requires you to do certain things in order to receive a reward. Usually it's just moving a science vessel to a particular planet and doing some research, but there are other more complicated (and interesting) project, such as investigating a precursor race. These are mostly optional, but have nice rewards. And some are necessary in order to communicate with other empires.The systems all seem to be fairly well balanced, and the game never seems to bog down with nothing to do. There's always another star to survey, another planet to build up, or another enemy to fight.One of the nicer additions with the latest patch was Unity, which acts similar to Culture in the Civilization series. Accumulate enough of it and you can unlock special bonuses in things like Exploration, Prosperity, Diplomacy, or Domination. These specializations can help guide your empire into the play style you prefer. Diplomacy allows you to create federations (alliances) with other empires, so that you stand united against common threats. There is even a federation victory condition, so you can win the game even by staying a small empire, if your federation is strong enough.One of the things that may throw off players is the war system. Unlike most 4x games, you can't just go to war and start gobbling up planets. This game features a system where you have to set war goals, and fight the enemy empire until they concede. War goals may be ceding planets, liberating planets, ending slavery/genocide, or just humiliation. After a war is won or lost, the empires involved have a forced 10 year peace treaty, so you won't be able to conquer large empires quickly. The ability liberate planets is a nice addition for pacifist empires. It basically carves off a part of the enemy empire into a separate empire that is friendly to you, which means you can vassalize them or invite them into your federation. It's a dirty political trick that fits very well into the game.One more thing that is interesting is end-game crises. These are world-altering events that usually happen later in the game, that have the potential to wipe out all of the players. One example is an invasion force of extra-dimensional beings that eat all sentient life. These end-game crises are deadly if not handled properly, and can add some spice to the late game.Other features which I won't dwell on:- Leaders (civic and military)- Slavery- Vassalization- Terraforming- Scientific anomoliesThe DLC add giant space-monsters and mega structures, but I haven't tried these so I can't comment on them.The only down side I can say is the time it takes to complete a game. These games are marathons, not sprints. They take even longer to complete than a game of Civilization, so be warned that it's a huge time sink. In fact, I haven't even completed a game myself. But a lot of that was due to the poor state of the earlier versions of the game. With the latest patch, I hope to actually finish a game soon. :-)I highly recommend this game to any 4x junkie. It's the best one I have ever played. After all these years, someone finally came up with a game that can equal (or even beat) MOO2."
,Recommended,281990,23120483,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dr. Dude,"A good start for a 4x-space game franchise. The midgame is pretty bad though, which is surprising considering the strengths of the Clausewitz engine as exemplified in EUIV for instance. The problem is that it doesn't transition well from early to mid game, and mid game takes time to develop. Even when it is developed the weaknesses in current Diplomacy is hard to ignore which makes you lose interest.I might seem harsh, but looking at the other games in the market Stellaris still has a bit to go. Right now I still consider Endless Space the best 4x-space game is Endless Space.But there is a future for Stellaris as Paradox are known for the quality and improvements they put into their games post release and with their DLC. Therefore I think this game might be really good in a year or two. But until then, I recommend staying with Endless Space."
76561198088449429,Recommended,281990,22887320,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Shrike the ranger,"Awesome game, will make this more detailed later. I can already tell this is my best Steam but including Civ5"
,Recommended,281990,25633013,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Tyber,"If you're looking for a game in which you can, not only create a species, but their ethos, playstyle, etc, as well as a game in which you can use said species to take over the galaxy through diplomacy, war, or trade, this would be the game for you.8/10, would make space great again"
76561198058699167,Recommended,281990,29595692,Posted: 30 January,all,Adoring Fan,A game where neo-nazi Starfish purge all over sentient lifeforms in the galaxy.For the Master Race!
76561198070059535,Recommended,281990,23155780,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Muff_Diver_Dave,10/10 would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the Unbidden again.
76561198058379742,Recommended,281990,23740005,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Aparthesis,"Impressive. First word that comes to mind when I think of this game. The reason that made me write this review is that I've played quite a few games that are like this or at least in its general ball park and the one thing that I have always had an issue with is difficulty. It usually is to hard or to easy and I have always had to handicap myself to have a solid challenge. I have create 2 races and gave them what I would consider to be a moderate advantage (better research and army strength bonues).With both of these races I got to the point in the game where I was established had more money then I really needed as well as energy and had a very sizeable army. At this point I decided it was time to take over the galaxy. This is when the game actually surprised me. With my first race I started looking at other races and found it saying they had the same army strength as me...which I laughed at. After my first race was destroyed cause of my arrogance I thought it was a fluke. This prompted me to make my second race with a bigger research bonus and army strength.This time I planned, formulated, and devised my plans for attack, made friends, and waited for the right time to attack. When that came I launched everything I had at my enemies. It was so easy to kill everything. I was sacking planets, killing orbiting platforms, and picking off science vessals and the like. I though victory was secured...that was into an enemy fleet jumped in that was twice my size...I had been wondering why I hand't fought any army yet...and to my horror I realized they had been building up in order to actually take me out. By the time I realized this it was to late and my second race was already on the path to destruction.Just this makes me recommend this game and that isnt even mentioning the other wonderful aspects of this game. Though I would get a few mods to increase like flag choices and some other cosmetic issues. Also I would like to note that my races didn't fail cause the game was to hard or to easy but because i underestimated its potential and underestimated my enemy. Any game that can allow that kind of event to happen will always get my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,281990,23726060,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jacob,"TL;DR: get this game on a heavy discount. It's too dry.I will say this: the game is fun enough at the start for you to think you made a great buy, and then play it for long enough to pass the return policy timing. You will spend many of these hours being impressed by some of the surface brilliance the game pushes (art work and music is great), and probably learning the various details of the game (like weapon types/enemy types/travel mechanics etc).Afterwhich, you'll start to think that maybe this wasn't the best buy, because there is a kind of repetitive dryness to the game that I can't quite put my finger on. There isn't much in the way of complex AI, trading, diplomacy, or battle mechanics. It seems like the AI will engage in what is largely the same type of ""camp-then-mass attack"" tactics as a bad TW game.And in response you will attempt to do basically the same, building enough of what you need (which isn't diverse or complex enough to be sustainably interesting), then attempting to blitz the opposing sectors. And you will rinse and repeat that process until you have, after many dry hours, taken over enough to the galaxy to win.The game, in the longer run, leaves much to be desired."
76561198039471080,Not Recommended,281990,23530446,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,codadun,"I'd reccomend waiting to see if they flesh out the late game.Early game is great fun though, but the diplomacy is painfully basic and most events come from science ships and technologies. Given you can't access the borders of another empire to conduct science, that source of events stops; as they do from technology after a certain point.There's a lot good about this game, but I'm pretty disappointed by the late game and would not reccommend it."
,Recommended,281990,25155198,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ranger314,"So this is mostly just a refute of almost all of the negative comments. Yes the vanilla game gets tedious after one or two playthroughs. Yes some elements such as the tech tree seem annoying cause you cant plan out how to get which techs EXACTLY when you want it. (boohoo civ players, experiment a little) But Stellaris is made to be the GREAT GAME THAT IT IS because of the mods most of the negative comments admit to ignoring. I've owned the game for 3-4 months now, and I have seen 5 incredibly game changing mods come out that I use, and numerous others that I dont but wish I did. That is what makes this game unique, the fact you can customize your gameplay experince on the terms of another players mod."
76561198035715392,Not Recommended,281990,29864182,Posted: 11 February,all,ebk.*****,"This is my third attempt to post a review of Stellaris.  The first two disappeared.  Hopefully this one will get posted.I really wanted to like this game.  The early parts of the game seemed promising.  The exploration and early expansion phases were enjoyable.  Searching the stars to see what special events/objects were hiding there gave a sense of exploration and momentum to the game.From there, however, things ground down to a stagnant experience.  The first problem was simply bugs.  I would discover artifacts from the ""First League"", once I find 6 of them, I can find the honeworld.  Well, problem was you would find about 4 to 5 and then nothing, even after exploring the entire universe, the last items would not show up.  A later patch tried to address that by respawning anomoly locations in your explored space to make the missing items available.  Tht was better but I found that the icon indicating the presence of an anomoly would not stay displayed reliably.  Even them once I found all 6 items and was directed to the homworld, there was nothing there.  Just .... nothing.Asides from bugs like this (that still seem to be present as of 2 days ago) the game dynamics seem to inevitably lead to a stagnant game.  The diplomacy system is to weak as it allows the creation of defensive packs and alliances to guard against attacks, but nothing to allow one to incite others to declare war together.  Federations are simply a dead weight on ones neck as more often than not, the fellow members will reject proposals for war.  And there is no way to strike a deal with someone to break an alliance.  The end result is that the ensuing tangle of pacts make war next to impossible.  Given that the only victory conditions for the game are conquest-based, that makes for an annoying game experience.Even the war mechanisms are flawed.  One can only force an enemy to accept defeat by accumulating ""war score"".  The problem is that ""war score"" is based on how many enemy units on destrys and enemy planets are occupired.  if the enemy is too small, one can completely destroy every unit they have and occupy every planet they have and yet still not be able to force them to accept defeat because it did not generate sufficient ""war score"" and with no more planets to occupy or units to destroy, one cannot get any more war score.In short, I think the problem is that the game cannot decide what type of game it wants to be.  It has many of the trappings in the early game of being a 4X game, but it always seems to bog down into something else by the mid to late game."
76561197988727748,Recommended,281990,23212444,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,GauHelldragon,It's very easy to lose many hours playing this game.Really great!
76561198048918028,Not Recommended,281990,23176592,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Karnifex,"It felt like a skeleton of an actual game, no real development, sure you can move around, sure you can scan planets, sure you can be attacked by pirates, these are things we've seen before and are a staple of any strategy game. Played for a couple hours, accomplished nothing really, except hire a captain for every ship in my fleet. When the game is finished maybe ill try again.I mean you can play as Otter people, so i mean that was a little fun...."
,Not Recommended,281990,33101711,Posted: 1 July,all,Beornwahl,Why am I giving this game a bad review?Why does paradox treat us like cattle?There are many questions in the universe (not in the game universe of course - that one is a deep as a puddle!).
76561198053836814,Not Recommended,281990,32492884,Posted: 16 June,all,feelsbadman,"Bought this game when this was 700php, now it shoots up to 1,2kphp? Whaattt??"
,Recommended,281990,24221714,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Zesty,Extradimensional Beings invaded my galaxy and wiped out all our empires and our petty squabbles.Game of the year.
,Not Recommended,281990,23103181,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,kaappi,"Good:The building system, random stories, Zerg invasion and hyperspace masterrace. A lot of character.Bad:Lacks content, even with customizable ships (which don't seem so attracting if you have a simple toggle that autogenerates the best (in what?) combination for you) and races.Techs quit bringing anything new after a while and become just upgrades to weapon damage, buildings etc.The fact that you can't really select what you research because the options are random leads to situations where you can be wholly under- or overpowered compared to your neighbours or just simply stuck with not being able to nothing because you only have corvettes with level 5 autocannons or something similar.AI is terrible in waging war, both against and with you, sending single corvettes against you as an enemy or following you with a huge blob of a fleet without actually intelligently engaging anything as an ally. If you were to get destroyed the fleet will disperse to guard the AI's space.Waging war is also difficult due to the fact that enemy ships can quite freely pass through your territory and if you don't have any sensors you can't see them before they are hacking your home world to pieces.Graphics lag if you raise the match speed, battles are ♥♥♥♥♥torms that could be dealt with in an orderly manned instead of ramming two swarm AI's into each other and consuming what little juice your computer has left. That is, graphical displays of battle are non-informative, useless and look like a group of nails shooting GPU-expensive fireworks at each other.Sectors suck as you can't really utilize them to their fullest. They either produce one of the three resource types at max. 75% or concentrate in walling themselves in. The game has a pause button so you can micromanage. You don't need systems that take that away, just systems that make it easier. Like the empire overview or whatever it is that lists your planets.Not as diplomaticly deep as EUIV. You give the enemy a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of minerals and exotic resources and it'll love you for the rest of your game. No spying, no plotting. AI only insults if you insult it first, after which it plays like a child that learned a new thing in school. A lot like Civ V actually, without Gandhi the Nuclear Doombringer.Races are difficult to distinguish in galaxy view because they can have same colors. Also in EUIV it's much easier to know which countries the game means and thus where they are (e.g. when it says Austria attacked Germany) than in Stellaris (Tzunn attacked something else inconceivable).Sometimes you can't see your friend's server in the server list.Steam integration is broken (no joining or inviting)You can't give orders to fleets when they are warping.Limited settings. Most of the essential stuff is there, but things like audio output is missing."
,Recommended,281990,25346463,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Commissar_Covfefe,"Paradox, stop your bull♥♥♥♥ DLC practices, we are all sick and tired of it. Good game however."
76561197980689691,Not Recommended,281990,23173790,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mythgaard,"Much as I would like to recommend this game, I can't, not at the moment. It's a very rough release, with numerous subtle bugs and features that just dont work at all. It's also very, very bare bones, clearly designed as a framework for loads and loads of DLC. If you want the game it'd probably be best to wait a year or two for Stellaris: Complete Edition on sale.If the thought of the hundreds of dollars in DLC that is coming that will flesh the game out and fix and improve it doesnt bother you, it's pretty fun as long as you dont expect too much from it.The devs have layed out some plans for the future in patches, but it sounds like it's all going to be mostly focused on patching and tweaking the base game into a fully functional and stable state (which is very much needed) and any actual new content will almost certainly be paid.Getting pretty salty about stripped down, rushed games with avalanches of overpriced DLC.Stellaris has, however, decided me on not pre-ordering Hearts of Iron IV. Going to wait for the HOIIV:Complete Edition on sale.Of course Paradox might drastically improve things, I'll re-evaluate and re-review."
76561198042422848,Not Recommended,281990,23350296,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Daanoontje,"Seriously dissapointed in Paradox regarding this game. It is a mediocre game at best, but while you're playing it you realize it could have been so much more. Seems to me that Paradox has gotten addicted to their DLC marketing and this game is just a shell of what it could have been, only to stuff DLC down our throats priced at 15 euros or something similiar. It is fine to ask money for further development of a game. It is not fine to design a game as such that is only playable for about 20 hours just so you can dress it up with DLC which will probably make it a great game (with a full pricetag of ~120 euros).If you are buying it anyway have fun managing a whopping 2 resources (of which only one is important)Have fun with mentally challenged sectorsHave fun with the lack of diplomacyHave fun with other empires you will feel 0 attachment toHave fun integrating vassals in 200 years ingame timeSHAME ON YOU PARADOX, COMING FROM A LONG TIME FAN"
76561198007425494,Not Recommended,281990,23241819,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nhnystuen,"At first the exploration aspect of the game feels new and fresh, but after a while it becomes repetative and when war is eventually forced upon you it turns in to litte more than a numbers game. If you are numerically inferiror you might as well start over.Spend your money on something else, or just wait until it has been patched a zillion times."
76561198031994992,Recommended,281990,23373439,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,arn1313,It took a bit to get used to it after playng Sid Meier civ type games mosty but i am really enjoying it. Lots of fun and i recommend looking for a mod if an aspect bothers you.
76561198095585943,Recommended,281990,23411144,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,CantStumpTheTrump,"I read some of the other reviews and the main criticism seems to center around 2 issues.The first being that the game feels and plays a bit rough and seems incomplete. To that I say, give it a month or two, the updates that have come out have already dramatically improved the game, and the quality of the game itself more than makes up for it. Also, these complaints if stacked up against almost any other ""incomplete"" game on steam don't really hold water. Go play one of the survival alphas that cost 30 bucks and are so buggy you'd be lucky to successfully do what the devs demonstrated in the trailer, or play whatever new steaming pile of excrement slurped out of treyarch this week for console and come back and talk about how complete stellaris is.The second big complaint is that mid-late game play is redundant, boring, and or lacking content. Well, to some extent I'd have to agree with that criticism, but at the same time I'd say this is the exact same complaint you might level at ck2 or eu4. Everyone who's played eu4 extensively knows of that moment when your empire is so strong that the game becomes easy and you can just bulldoze through entire continents. Stellaris operates much in the same way, so it has many of the same pit falls in terms of playability you encounter in eu4.If you're willing to overlook a bit of early bugginess, and so far a slight lacking in content and you want to play an intricate sci fi empire game with an almost tedious amount of detail this is for you. If you're maybe possibly not entirely sure that genocide is a bad idea and want to murder all of the other species/people you encounter, this game is for you. If you like eu4 and eu4 in space is what you pray to Gaben for every night before you go to bed, well, it has arrived."
76561198052884890,Recommended,281990,23413993,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,happy,"paradox has done it again: stellaris is a good game.it's not as deep as vicky, ck2 or EUs, but it compensates by a unique feeling of contemplation.perfect for chilling 30 minutes between work and diner, perfect for 8 hours between diner and...the next morning.i was new to spatial themed games, i never cared for spacethings, i don t even like star wars.i still don't like star wars but now i like stellaris and spaceships.it's a good game that will only get better, be it for free(paradox will give you new things for free, new mechanics in every major patch) or for the price of numerous upcoming dlcs."
,Recommended,281990,23396982,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,BookBurner,"This game is both perfect and challenging, I wasn't so mesmerized by strategy game in years :).10/10 would get conquered by talking mushrooms again"
,Recommended,281990,23258102,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,"Sandor ""The Hound"" Clegane","So here it is, a large space (crusader kings) game.Is it too much? What is the focus? will i want to play it for a long time? Those are good questions.... and I wont answer them. All I will say is that i built a grand empire with great production from my grand robot workers. They rebelled, I lost everything.10/10 would make robots my slaves again"
,Not Recommended,281990,23355596,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheHalvinator,This game is only fun with multiplayer... however mid (and especially late) games are absolutely horrific. You can be playing on normal or fast speed and days will take an entire 2 minutes to pass. The whole game freezes while the AI tries to figure out what it wants to do for everyone.Bad review until they fix this. I can't recommend it in its current state.
,Recommended,281990,23401196,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Darantyr,"The base game is good, but at least for me it got old quite fast.Now, if you get a good dosage of the right mods... every game will be a story of its own."
76561198043353587,Not Recommended,281990,24030531,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jamesyay,"I enjoyed playing this, building up my fleet and expanding my empire to at least a quarter of the map. Late game though was ruined for me. I was a vassal to another empire, couldnt declare war or expand my colonies, nobody else was at war or doing anything. I waited 20 in game years, nothing happened. I was stuck, and after 24 hours into this game it was a very unsatisfying way to end it.The AI is very weak in the game, very little strategy. I may give it another go with friends, but not as a single-player campaign."
76561198089365024,Recommended,281990,35119071,Posted: 21 September,all,xana,"I bought Stellaris from a position of already owning and playing CK2 which made me confident that Paradox would handle it well. I will admit straight up that at first when it had just come out I was underwhelmed by the results. The game had optimization issues, balance problems, some lacking points in gameplay, and the end game was a bit lack luster. This came as a shock because Paradox had done an amazing job on CK2 but then something happened that I hadn't really expected.Over the last year (Give or take) since Stellaris came out Paradox did not do what a lot of other major game developers do. They did not issue a single patch to fix the most egregious flaws and move on to other products. What they did was actually listen to what ALL the issues were and for over a year they've worked on post production development optimizing the game and smoothing out the rough edges as well as suppying further content.I suppose it hadn't occured to me being a late comer to the party that this is exactly how Paradox operates and why CK2 was so good in my opinion. Paradox doesn't stop working on games, they might backburner them for a period of time to focus on other projects but as long as room for improvement or expansion remains they keep on building more to make the game better. Stellaris is so much more now then when it was released even without any of the DLC, though I personally have purchased the DLC for myself, and based on Paradox's track record it's only going to get better.I'd say if you like Science Fiction, Strategy, and are looking for something long term pick up Stellaris and you won't be disappointed. You can expect a healthy game with constant improvement and a responsive developer that isn't trying to milk you dry for every sent you have with meaningless nonsense, even the DLC does something worthwhile."
76561198109642729,Recommended,281990,29616368,Posted: 31 January,all,TemporalAnomaly,Step 1- buy game full priceStep 2- sacrifice social life and grades to the Fallen Empiresstep 3- Amass the fleet on the enemy's space-bordersStep 4- ???Step 5- Minerals
,Not Recommended,281990,23077349,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Optera,"the good:- early game feels well balanced has fun events tailored to your civ ideology- instead of a full tech tree you get a set of random techs you can choose from, making each game different- ship designer offers a lot of potential (which is wasted since most will use missile or laser corvette spam)the bad:ai is among the dumbest of all strategy games I've played-at war they always try creating a doom stack following you like little puppies-in alliance they always refuse your war declarations if you dont give them a treat but will blindly accept totally one sided declarations of other ai- during catastrophe they will watch as they get slaughtered and are more focused on their rivaling neighbours- by the time a catastrophe happens usually nearly all systems are claimed and you have no other way of preventing it without declaring war to any ai in the way to pass through, very few will allow you military border access for outrageous pricesdiplomacy itself is severly lacking:- alliances/federations are ironclad bounds, ai's will never leave or backstab- alliances dont even have an option to kick members out- no system sharing inside an alliance/federation possible while it is possible between independent empires- war goals feel severly limited and broken- only planets can be taken over or liberated, no option to abadon the planet or a whole system- whole empires can be vassalized or liberated for 60 war points, which is roughly what 3 planets will costWith all those shortcomings Stellaris 1.0.3 is a nice to play beta. It will requre a lot more updates and bugfixes from paradox before it will become a good game I could recommend."
76561197984420282,Recommended,281990,22982460,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,KnightWhoSaysNi,"61 hours in...In short, great 4x game, but not the grand strategy I was hoping for from Paradox.On my 5th game, First 3 I gave up after 10-50 years just learning the basics. 4th game I won a domination victory on Iron man normal (600 star Galaxy). By the end I noticed that everything I was seeing I had seen several times before. Now on my 5th game on same settings with a different race I am seeing all the same things again. The game plays perfectly, but there just doesn't seem to be the variety that I had hoped for. I will keep at it for a while to see if this is definitely the case, but at 61 hours in, i don't think there is enough to this game (I had high expectations). I end up with the same sorts of ships (quite limited to designs really), same random events popping up, same issues with close neighbours.Don't get me wrong, best 4x game for me since MOO series, so if you are at all interested in the genre, get it."
,Not Recommended,281990,31229749,Posted: 18 April,all,Ginger Ninja,"Too often find myself getting attacked by fleets 5x my size at the beginning of the game and having to restart, even after learning how to play a lot better. Poor guidance on how to cross galactic spiral arms. I'm fine with a high learning curve, but this game legitimately doesn't give guidance where it's needed. Early game is too hard, late game is too easy, and it's almost never effective to run around with multiple fleets so war strategy against equal opponents gets reduced to amassing and attacking singular points."
76561198064261609,Not Recommended,281990,28701536,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Radioactive,"I really don't know what's going on in Paradox for this latest generation of games (HOI IV and this).Stellaris is not a bad game... its just a lesser version of EU IV with a space theme. To be clear... I am not saying Paradox should not try new things. The issue with this game is the same issue that plagues Hearts of Iron IV, a farse of an UI. EU IV has perhaps the best UI of all Paradox games - it is relevatively easy to learn but offers all the numbers you could ever wish for. Stellaris on the other hand decides to make the UI at lot more simple and all the useful numbers have been replaced by vague approximations (superior, inferior, equivalent, etc.).And that would be fine... If not for the fact that combat is almost entirely based on numbers. Granted, late game you're probably either already winning or already losing so a non specific approximation is probably all you need. Early game, 1 extra ship can be the difference between winning you first War or losing horribly - which is exactly what had happened in one of my games. In that round my enemy had one extra ship, something I could have never known since all signs (population, number of planets, etc.) seemed to have indicated that I should have been able to easily outnumber them.And again this wouldn't be a problem... IF Stellaris had an actual combat system rather than a amoeba simulation. As much as I would love a combat system along the lines of a space Total War, the EU IV system would be enough - by which I mean that certian terrain (or in this case, certian tracts of space) have ups and downs to attacking or defending. Instead in Stellaris all you get is two or more blobs doing basic subtraction from each other with minor modifiers based on ship layout - which early game is close to irrevelent.To sum it up... EU IV is just a better game. Hopefully Endless Space 2 will serve as a superior alternative this this once it comes out."
76561197977226422,Not Recommended,281990,24493218,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jeeves,"Ok this is my first review and I actually wasn't expecting to be posting a negative review on a Paradox Games title. I tend to give any game a chance. Especially since I am trying to get into the learning curve.  I even took the time to watch streamed games on Twitch so I would be better prepared for my game play. So I have over 100 hours into this game. I have tried various single player games with various options yet ending in the same conclusion: A$$HATTERY. I honestly think the AI needs to be looked at thoroughly. My points regarding: (THIS IS OVER SEVERAL GAMES.)1. How can an AI start a war with you  and yet closes its borders so you can't actually fight that war? (Seriously wtf?)2. You create a single player game excluding The Fallen Empires and yet you get 2 in the game? (Again I tested this three times. No BS there.)3. You continue the game play even though you didn't get what you set ingame and the ""Fallen Empire"" gets a bug up its a$$ and declares war on you regardless if your sphere of influence is near when you setup a new colony on a system near them. My point here is the influences weren't even remotely close. Yet I got the premium war declaration and formal a$$ kicking within 2 months.4. What is it with all AI's in this game? It doesn't matter if I attempt to open relations and I am getting the a$$ end of the deal? This includes dealing with less developed races. (((Where is the middle ground))) I have the upper hand yet the AI acts otherswise.5. How is it that I can finally get a really good spawn area and develop ridiculous amounts or research points, energy and minerals and expand my colonies and the first race I happen upon is 3 times larger and is superior in every way? (This has happened every time.)  This is based on previous games I have attempted and the result is basically the same. On a quick note. Screw trying to declare war on anyone. They are already allies or are overlords to include vasels  with everyone else. *Nutshell* You declare war with one dumba$$ AI you war with them all... Seriously? Oh and please note this is all on ""Low AI aggressiveness"" I seriously  haven't gotten beyond that. (I have been playing these type of games for years and this one has me  wanting to uninstall.)I really want to play this game and I honestly can't be the only soul experiencing this b*llsh*t!?  Honestly the graphics and options to create your race and attributes is awesome but where is the cut off? I have more that I left out but I'm not trying to write a novel. Paradox! Look at your AI! Thanks?"
76561198045682032,Recommended,281990,23229607,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kjag13,"Fantastic 4x strategy gaming, gripping gameplay and enough variety to make playing over and over again not boring.  10/10 would reccomend to anyone who enjoys strategy games."
76561198300201862,Recommended,281990,23320546,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,seantreehalf,>Enter Friendly Foxes>Hello All>Chat up local Fallen Empire>They say go away>Kitsune Imperium will not be ignored>They are friends to all>Proceed to cuddle up to Fallen Bros>Bros not happy>Declare war on foxes>Other Empires declare war on foxes>All hell breaks loose>Kitsune Imperium cant fend them off>Subjugated by neighbors>Foxes will rise againMUST DO: Install mods to accent internal sector AI. Paradox is making great strides towards effective and intelligent AI design but... It\'s poopy right now.8/10 would nuzzle up to ancient beings again
76561198022140134,Recommended,281990,23192186,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Jewarlaho,"Hello all and welcome to my review of Stellaris. This game is a 4X strategy game with an aerial (top-down) view where the object is to conquer the universe. I will try my best to give a non-objective view of the game for someone interested in playing it.The first thing I would like to say about this game that no one ever mentions with 4X games is that this game is a strategy game, not a tactical game. I mention this as strategy and tactics are two totally separate things. Strategy is the planning, coordination, and general direction of military operations to meet overall political and military objectives (or ‘long-term’). Tactics implement strategy by short-term decisions on the movement of troops and employment of weapons on the field of battle. Another way to put it is “Tactics is the art of using troops in battle; strategy is the art of using battles to win the war”. There are games out there that include both tactics and strategy, but Stellaris is not one of them. As long as you accept this before you begin, you won’t judge this game unfairly.Your race has both a cosmetic and practical element. Cosmetically I won’t go in too deep here as people’s taste and opinions vary, but there are many options to choose from in how your race looks, the naming conventions, and the look of your ships. Practical elements include racial traits (Are you strong/smart/charismatic?), ethos (What do you believe in?), and government (How do your beliefs define your people). Government can be changed in-game, racial traits can be ‘adjusted’, and ethos stays where it is for the most part. Government is also directly related to ethos, and some government types are specifically included or excluded based off of your race’s ethos.You can play and win in multiple different ways, but the win condition is conquering-based (‘control X planets’ or ‘defeat all other races’), and not ‘tech-based’, ‘objective-based’, or ‘resource-based’ as many other 4X games have. In this game, tech, money, and resources in general are means to an end and not the end themselves. Having a strategic advantage (be it tech, money, resources, diplomacy, etc) in this game is important only if you exploit it. Most of this game focuses around two things; your ‘core’ systems (5+, depending on government and tech), and sectors (areas given to a governor to control with a small return given). You only manage your core, which is fairly simple but has strategic elements, so you don’t have to spreadsheet your way to victory nor auto-play the game either. The tech-tree is based off a 'weighed' system giving you three options over three different areas, with more common tech's having greater weight then rare or dangerous techs.Pro’s:-Good variety of racial options, both functional and cosmetic (maybe some more traits)-Balance between different traits, ethos, and government; no ‘weak links’-Simple but fun ship customization, planet management, sector managementCon’s:-Interface isn’t difficult but it’s not intuitive either.-Races are not aggressive when it comes to expansion-Non-existent tactics; combat is viewing onlyRecommendation:I recommend this game if you want a strategy game with a simple but robust tech tree, planetary system management, and race customization. This game has its faults; it needs a boost to the AI in terms of aggression and utilization of technology and resources. Just remember that this game focus on strategy and not tactics.Note: editing may be done for grammar reasons; content will be functionally the same"
76561198023964631,Not Recommended,281990,23646649,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,trojanz27,"I like a lot of things about this game. That being said, I absolutely hate the way it handles war. If you go to war with someone, you have to declare what you want if you win. Then while fighting, the game tallies up points. So if you conquer a planet, it's not really yours. You just scored some points. Defeat a fleet? more points. The game knows exactly how to get the most out of these points, of course. I had 3 worlds cut off from me so I went to war (they were going to attack me anyway) to get them re-connected. I conquered 4 of his planets, broke 7 starbases and killed a ton of his ships. AND I LOST. he didn't once come into my core worlds. He just pinged those 3 worlds over and over and took over half my empire  when he ""won"" (that was completely undamaged since he never went there).I'm sorry but that concept is stupid. So when 2 empires duke it out, no matter how much they hate each other they follow some arbitrary points system to determine the victor?!?"
76561198044818675,Not Recommended,281990,23173852,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dojixoj,"The sector AI is broken. Until they fix it, dont buy this game.Short and sweet. Its a great game, I LOVE it, spend hours at a time playing it. But its broken. Not just ""oh this doesnt work well i think you have a bug"" but legit broken, and it all happens at the point where you need the game to work...making sectors.For those who dont know, you have a colony limit. You can olny colonize x amount of worlds efficiently. If you want to colonize more, you need to make sectors. Sectors, in short, are chunks of your empire that you can give to the games AI and have it run it for you, thus freeing up influence and colony limits. But as beautful as the game is, this part of the AI is so under developed it doesnt work.When setting up the sector there is no gauging resources, either you get a pen and paper, write down and record your resources per area, and do the math yourself on whether or not you have too many or too few planets in your sector for it to sustain itself, or, you do trial and erro, and pay 25 influence points per mistake per planet til you get it right. Oh sure you can give your sector resources manually from your main empire...in single instalment chunks, not allowing you to fix the problem at all. Need to remove some planets from the sector so it doesnt collapse on itself, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay up, 25 influence per planet.""So wait a minute, if your sector is say, short on energy credits, why not just rebuild some of the planet structures to make more"" HAH cant do that, its controlled by the computer now. Want control back? thatll be 25 influence per planet. ""Well why not tell the AI to do it."" HAHAHA cause its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and cant even figure out how rebuild planet buildings to meet your desired ""sector focus"", let alone to keep from killing itself via starvation. ""Well why not in the selction area where you tell it to produce military/minerals/energy etc you just hit the 'sustain' option"" *clears throat* CAUSE IT DOESNT EXIST. Either it changes all the planets buildings to one selection, or the others, no multi selector no balance.This game is AMAZING AND I LOVE IT... but this isnt some graphical bug or scripting issue. If your playing on any galaxy size bigger then ""tiny, the smallest one"" you NEED sectors. Its literally one of the most important parts of the game, and its so broken, it LITERALLY can destroy your empire from within in a matter of 30 minutes.Until they fix it, dont buy this game."
76561198247246334,Recommended,281990,22970680,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Player1304,"I though only Firaxis does one-more-turn games, and now I have completely ruined my life."
76561198083351762,Not Recommended,281990,33422261,Posted: 9 July,all,Daedrik,"I run a Skylake 6600k I5 with 16gb of DDR4 RAM and this game likes to go from about 20% CPU to peaking it (really harshly) with absolutely no actions made in game. I can't see any reason this game would spike a 3.5ghz 4-core CPU so horrendously when nothing in the game appears to be happening. I'm sad to say that this makes the game utterly unplayable, as fantastic as the gameplay seems to be. If they could fix this stability issue, I'm sure it would be worth playing."
76561198011880144,Not Recommended,281990,32459896,Posted: 15 June,all,Lord Poodle Moth,"I purposefully own steam so i dont have to have 50 accounts to seperate game companies to play their games. Whelp cant play stellaris anymore without making yet another account. No thanks. Lost a customer who absolutely loves your games, but not going to give into this nonsense."
76561198029531436,Recommended,281990,23250268,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,tobias.mb,"Very fun Game, and much easier to get into than other Paradox titles."
76561198131261570,Not Recommended,281990,23364437,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Proceres,"Game requires too many mods to fix/address glitches/bug/ poor development to run, for instance fighters and bombers orbit your ships instead of going out and attacking, got a mod to fix it.The vanilla (base game) is lacking in the tech tree, diplomacy options, conquest system, and ship types. Combat is extremely stale and consist of tossing your large numerically superior force at another, or running away.Thier are no tactical options, or any control besides retreating once forces have met, and the ship combat AI at times has your ships turn away from the enemy fleet and not fire and just get shot up, or some such. This is extremely frustrating to me, and im sure other players as all you can do is watch and bang your head as your fleet preforms horribly."
,Not Recommended,281990,23343772,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Murlokz,"Not Paradox's best work by any means, but a decent game nonetheless. The first few hours I found to be incredibly fun, researching new tech and finding my Empire's place in the galaxy. After the fun of exploring the unknown is gone, you're left with a somewhat more boring version of Spore's Galatic era. There's some fun stuff in here, like the late game crisis' that occur. They can really shakeup the aforementioned slow late game. That's just not enough to really make the whole game feel worthwhile. Since the latest patch, a lot of the things that annoyed me were fixed, but there's still a lot of missing features (to be DLC I'm sure) and design choices that I question. Overall, it's certainly not a bad game. But it's not that great either, in its current state anyway. Stellaris has the potential to be another Paradox great, but it's lacking depth right now. I would wait another year, after a few DLC's have come out, then try to pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,281990,23329523,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ferreiro da roda,"The system requirements are wrong, I played this on my mac which meets all the requirements and it was a dreadful experience.For the first two hours or so the game was running smoothly, but after I got a fleet of 40 ships all the fights became a glitchy mess, my screen starts flickering and the ships start flying around all over the screen, after two hours of gameplay there is so much stuff going on that the game starts lagging like hell and any interaction with my ships just makes it even worse, by this time I have a fleet of 160 corvettes and if I try to move them all at once the game freezes, if I make them fight another fleet of a similar size the game crashes. By now the game is so glitchy that all my pops\' portraits are just an unrecognisable glitchy mess (like MissingNo from pokemon), opening most menus makes the screen flicker and it gave me several headaches, and opening the contacts and species menu makes the game crash which makes it so the genetic modification and uplift techs are useless.In conclusion: don\'t trust the mac system requirements, and keep in mind that most of these issues only appear in the late game, so you\'re not gonna be able to refund it."
76561198087125703,Not Recommended,281990,23330732,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Deathpinball,"Everyone\'s initial impression of this game is the same, as the game is beautiful in appearance and plays well at the start.  But you quickly become disappointed in the myriad of bugs found.  Say you have a leader who gives a 20% building discount.  Well put him on a world and queue up discounted buildings.  Then move him to the next world instantly since there is no travel time involved and queue up more discounted buildings.  Repeat for each of your planets.  I can understand AI issues arising say in the Sector management, but bugs where you can apply a leadership bonus from one leader across every planet, well that\'s poor quality assurance.  And that is just one such bug.  Want to instantly move two fleets together in a system?  Well just drag a window around them and combine the fleets.  Even though they are weeks away from meeting, now they are instantly combined, no travel time involved to group!  How about quests to scout 6 planets and then you find that 2 of the planets are behind another empire\'s borders and unreachable?  And the auto design optimizer for ships doesn\'t upgrade weapons at all, prefering to just maximize shields and armor while your ships keep the most basic of weapons.  Building frontier outposts is always a risk since it doesn\'t display the area of influence prior to building them, so you may accidentally build it too far out to be part of your empire,I join everyone else in saying, WAIT 6 MONTHS and this may be a good game by then.  And hopefully without DLC cost for those of us who paid for this untested game out of the box."
76561198040932543,Recommended,281990,23372466,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dancinoman,"8.5/10The first time I played this game I said ''Wow!'' because of the complex and customizable races. After many hours played on this game I realize many things.Is it a good 4X game? Yes it is,The experience is very nice because you have to lead many things : Explorations, ressources, military, diplomacy, Leaders RP, politicies, planet management, science research and so on.Every aspect has traits, score or abilities. The races are infinte combinations like a weird and awful ugly bird but peacefully for example.It's an amazing and wonderful the strategy game.Probably the best 4X game I've ever played.I've got to say BUT. Even with the hundreds of possibility of your empire could have. It has to end wtih war. Be cause the victory conditions is a Big problem in Stellaris to me. And there is no settings in the game for this. Many gamers felt the same thing about it. Paradox have to expand the winning condition and not stick with only domination or elimination conditions.You could make it your own way of course, but thats why setting exists for the others.This game has a great potential and they promised updates And DLC will see...."
,Recommended,281990,23389568,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,シュルシュル,"It kinda sneaks up on you. First you're just piddling around the galaxy, exploring systems and colonizing planets. Then you start running into other empires, but it's still not overwhelming. Eventually you're making trade deals, negotiating border access, earning warscore and wait a sec, am I playing a Grand Strategy game now?I've never really been a big strategy game fan. RTS was never my thing, and Grand Strategy seemed way too intimidating to get into. However, spacehips are rad, so I figured I'd give the game a shot. I never expected the game to get its hooks in me like it has.I have heard that it lacks some complexity of more mature Paradox titles, but if you're looking to dip your toes in the genre you probably won't find a better opportunity."
,Recommended,281990,23396444,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Harrigarno,"I start on a small planet in the corner of the galaxy, when I find that my two neighbouring races are fallen empires (aka attack them = RIP). I establish embassies with both to smooth relations with them, until I realise that one is a xenophile and loves me so much they let me take some of their territory by me pushing my borders against theirs. I then join an alliance with the smallest races in the galaxy, we then attack an enemy with superior power, and overcome them through sneaking our armies around their navy and landing on their planets. Our alliance becomes the biggest alliance in the galaxy after several wars. Our alliance then takes up almost the entire galaxy. The end (or is it.....?)"
76561197999409007,Not Recommended,281990,32431971,Posted: 15 June,all,KommandoDeniz,"You will need a paradox account with the next update to play the multiplayer, effectivly giving them your data AFTER you already bought the game. Just to use a mechanic that was already in the game at release. I condone, even recommend, just pirating it.Have all the DLC, meaning they already have my money."
,Not Recommended,281990,32648041,Posted: 22 June,all,Sick Puppy,If you have any concern over the future of gaming you will up vote all negative reviews and down vote all positive reviews. This company releases paided patches (they try to label them as dlc but they are straight up lying to you) with features that have been taken from the base game. In addition it increases the prices of games over time instead of decreasing.First of all they recently increased the price of all their games. I bought this when it wasn't on sale for $20. THIS IS NOT A $52 GAME! DO NOT BUY! It's not worth it at $52!Mainly because it's still in development and very buggy.Also negative review for regional pricing. Canada is not the same region as the USA we don't have the same buying power.
,Not Recommended,281990,23107377,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SolipsisticFox,"If ever there were a game I wished you could give a thumbs sideways to, it's this one. I'm not recommending it mainly to counteract its current ""very positive"" status. Because many of those reviews are ssimilarly hesitant.I like it. It's good. But like many people, I was hoping for more grand strategy in space. What I got was in many ways Endless Space but tweaked. It's really, on the whole, quite a simple game. If you've played any 4X game, you understand 95% of the systems in Stellaris. And it is a 4X game, not a grand strategy game, and a not particularly complex 4X game at that.There are no dyanstic mechanics, the variations in races aren't nearly enough, superficially or mechanically, as they diverge.  Diplomacy isn't fully fleshed out, federations and alliances are far too limited. There are maaaaaaaaaaaaaany bugs. Alien races all seem to contact you telling you they're establishing embassies with themselves when they mean with you, events are constantly filled with placeholder text and missing entities.I won't go too in-depth on all the problems or even LIST all the problems, as that woudl take a while - it is a big game after all. But to further elaborate on one of the big ones: you can form alliances and federations with other races. This is the most basic thing they could do, really. Alliances are just, ""Hey, we've got each others' backs, so step off."" That's it. Nothing else to them. In fact, they actually LIMIT your diplomatic options with alliance members.Federations are the next step. They're the UN. Except there are no resolutions to pass. The president rotates. They can declare war and design a new federation ship. And that boils down to, ""Oh, I'm the president. WE'RE AT WAR WITH MY NEIGHBOR; I WANT THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥""There is no way to change rules and regulations for federations. You can't be a peaceful or warlike one, forbidding instigation of conflict or demanding contribution to a federation fleet, for example. You can't change the rulership style. There's so much potential, but it ends up so frustratignly limited. Your federation ends up being whatever the rotating president at the time wants it to be. This works a bit better in multiplayer, I'm sure, but♥♥♥♥♥♥ who has the time for that. Not me. I play singleplayer. I have a job.In addition, bugs and missing features aside, some of the features that do exist are just silly. You need to occupy a planet to get someone to cede it. Sort of makes sense in theory, but... why? Isn't bombarding it from orbit kinda enough? Especially if the enemy is desperate for peace?On the whole, it's a disappointing game, but not unfun, and it's a solid base. With modding support and, hopefully, Paradox's general tendency to provide big, worthwhile updates, fixes, and DLC, it will be worth buying and playing for many many hours a year from now or so.As it is now, don't make my mistake. Be patient; wait for fixes and more content and more mods. Play or replay Endless Space. That's what it makes me want to do right now."
,Recommended,281990,23336547,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Spoonz,"Really good game, a space rts I have been waiting for. If you are into space rts your looking at the right game."
76561198045156334,Recommended,281990,23368252,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sneaky-Cheese,6/7 hectics
76561197984996605,Not Recommended,281990,33524240,Posted: 13 July,all,Ravon[17],"DLC content, most of it, should have been in the vanilla game. For example constructing ring worlds, as they were already implemented in the game for use by Fallen Empires.I've lost the only company that would make the great grand strategies I love and now they've lost me"
76561198087737386,Not Recommended,281990,33540892,Posted: 14 July,all,otherl,"This game had a bright future, it just waited for the usual 1-2 years to mature as every Paradox strategy game.This is why is so disappointing to see that the game director doing deliberately inferior work just so he can push his political agenda, insulting the player base on the game official forum.I can't comprehend why this is necessary. It is unprofessional, disgusting, and I think uncalled for. I didn't expected this from Paradox, and it seems this is the game real future (non).So nothing to see here, please move along!(And yes, the irony isn't lost on me that a game, where the variety of politics is one of the main component, killed by (one of?) the developer arrogant narrow-minded political view.)"
76561198024730067,Not Recommended,281990,33735153,Posted: 22 July,all,Crundle Quest V,While I find Stellaris kind of fun to play it gets boring really fast once you realize there's really not much you can do in terms of gameplay other than conquering. So I don't reccomend the game until Paradox releases a expasion or update that adds a lot more substantial gameplay and content.
76561198236165516,Not Recommended,281990,33334748,Posted: 6 July,all,Conner,"good game, but terrible marketing ethics onthe developer's part. I hope the reviews will set them straight."
76561198028480078,Not Recommended,281990,33327866,Posted: 6 July,all,Sir Ziggy,"Well, I had a lot of fun with this game, but:- poor AI with increased difficulty(HANDICAP)- poor and cheezy diplomacy- lack of endgame content(by endgame I mean post-crisis gameplay)- bad Fleet combat management(Inability to controle your forces fighting effectiveness during fight itself)- Paradox DLC and pricing policy ( SERIOUSLY PARADOX RASED PRICE X3 DURING STEAM SALES !!! ) if thats not enough, I seen them abandoning multiplayer in other their products and I can't forgive them for that (War of the Roses)Trust me, never buy a game from PARADOX unless they change THEIR MARKETING POLICIES AND START SELLING FINISHED PRODUCTS.Thanks."
,Recommended,281990,23182296,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ж Taeryc Ж,"Stellaris starts strong, putting you in charge of a pre-made race that populates the new game screen, or more interestingly, one of the many combinations that can be made to make your own unique race or variety of human, with various traits and ethics and bonuses from government forms.The early-game is very much exploration and colonisation, with a variety of alien life not of another empire and the various event mechanics put to good use in anomalies that pop up as you survey. There are others that occur, tied to your colonies either through the previous anomalies discovering something or their own, seperate unique chains. Anomalies can range from everything to a resource or research boon, either on the planet or to your stockpile, to out-right changing some world's biosphere's or sending you to discover the secrets of a precursor race, something full of lore that kept my attention through many ingame decades.The tech tree is ""randomized"" with a ""card"" system that draws 3, or more depending on certain techs or government types, cards, allowing you to choose from a selection of techs. You'll eventually see most of the techs - but some are tied to certain ethics and will never be seen whilst playing an opposing one, while others are rare and can take many a shuffle to re-appear. The tech tree also continues beyond actual techs, to minimally rewarding ""buff"" statistics. This system is a good compromise between meaningless stat buffs, a randomized tech tree, and a straight up ""plow through this in the most efficient way possible"". The tech system as such gets a solid thumbs up from me, but others may get frustrated by the random nature of it. This is complimented by a debris system where destroyed ships and stations add techs - don't forget to scroll the tech cards to see!The mid-game is where Stellaris begins to lose some of its glamour. The galaxy fills with empires and many a time, you're cut off from exploring. There are still a few events, typically colony ones, here and there, but it becomes a period of saturising your own territory and often war for wars own sake. Personally, I like to fill this time with uplifting - a process of technological enlightenment for some of the planets in the galaxy that start with their own, pre-ftl  or spaceflight civilizations (how cool is that?!) and a few rare worlds with pre-sentient races that require genetic modification. This part of the game is particularly weak, and some of the flaws in the systems meant to ease micromanagement falter.The late-game becomes a traditional game of jockeying for power, with wars now serving a purpose of dealing with real rivals and threats that the mid-game doesn't quite seem to give. Most importantly, the true end-game crises begin in 2 flavours. The game has 3 end-game crises, that I won't spoil, that really shake things up, providing they don't stall out against a Fallen Empire - the other ""end game"". The end-game crises can wipe out old rivals and new friends alike. Don't underestimate them if they end up on your door and you're not prepared. Sadly due to the Fallen Empire mechanics currently crises can suffer if forced to push through one of these.Fallen Empire's constitute the other, ever-present problem. Coming in four varities with differing views on the galaxy, each knowable by hovering over their ""attitude type"" in the diplomacy screen and from experience of them telling you exactly what they dont like - typically followed by the hammer. They exist from the start of the game and represent the apex of technology, though they have the full tech tree researched, they don't research any further than that. Provided you don't evoke their wrath, build up and take them on for valuable worlds and, if you're lagging behind in tech but adept at strategy and tactics, scanning their debris can offer you a leg up.At this point, the galaxy is what you make of it and imagination and roleplay help. Stellaris features victory screens, but seem to be largely pointless.There are lots of little things and systems inside the game I havn't touched upon here that I would encourage you to seek out and enjoy, particularly special systems that spawn, systems such as slavery and, of course, genocide, though you know, be nice! Even with all my time in the game, I'm still uncovering new things and experiencing new events and new emergent stories.Also, you can have an actual Earth with the proper texture, what's not to love? Oh, and if you're aliens.. Sol is out there somewhere!-----Pros:-A Strong Start, with fun customization leading to your own, unique characterization, particularly as you explore and pull back the veil.-Damn pretty for a Clausewitz game. Most of the game is wonderful to look at.-Lots of little touches and in particular some of the events and anomalies add atmosphere-Fallen Empire's offer a unique twist to the galaxy-Tech and debris offer an enjoyable overall system-You can build robots and give them rights.-End-Game Crises shake up the late-game galaxy.-A fantastic emergent storyline that arises out of these systems can lead to great ~roleplay~ if you care for that.-Multiplayer is incredibly stable.-Game is stable in general.-Moddability.Cons:-Sector AI is wonky and the AI in general can be wonky.-Galaxy can become static, though this is largely due to the game seeming to love to fill it with pacifists, a minor deviation from this pacifists for all makes things much more violent - and even pacifists go to war. It's a problem I've not noticed but one I know occurs.-AI is slow to expand. It doesn't weight certain colony techs as high as a player would and consequently takes it's time. It will, however, do so en masse in time.-A few minor localization bugs and one rather moderate multiplayer bug I've found, though it doesn't affect stability.-Combat a little wonky and brawly.-Slaves can't currently rebel, making this broken if you min-max that route.-----I've mentioned a few of the flaws in this as we've gone through. Critically, mid-game suffers from not being fleshed out as the early game, nor with the threats posed in the late game. This is being somewhat addressed by the upcoming 1.1 patch, and should be treated accordingly.Some say the universe feels a little lifeless without civilian traffic and such - this is hopefully being made an addition in 1.3, but is not ""critical"".The 1.1 patch will also address a number of small AI issues, and larger ones related to sector management. Personally, I've noted lots of minor niggling flaws that I essentially could argue as being ""inefficient"" - and so I just let the sector AI do what it wants, but understand the problems others have.One major stumbling block is currently how end-game crises are treated as ""wildlife"" and not at war with AI empires, allowing things such as the ""at peace"" fallen empire fleet respawn to occur, thus preventing the crises from knocking them out, as well as how the AI empires in general only react to the end-game crises assaults if they are actively threatening important worlds. This is hopefully being fixed, for the latter, in 1.1.The mid-game slump is also due to be addressed by the 1.2 patch, with further flavour and life added in 1.3 - you may wish to hold off on your purchase till 1.1, if not 1.2.Stellaris is a solid game, and despite its flaws and small bugs, though sometimes numerous, are all easily redeemable. Critically, none of the problems seem to be with the core mechanics and more with execution and the always tempermental AI.Currently, a lot of mods address issues and add new gameplay. This is a blessing for the moddability and future of the game - but also a remark on how some dislike the combat, so go in with eyes wide open.This is easily a recommendable purchase, but for those who want a ""cleaner"" experience I do advise waiting until 1.2. 1.1 if you can forgive a slower mid-game."
76561197993438020,Recommended,281990,23001056,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Thorbone7,"Stellar game! Exploration, ressource management and research done right for once.The GUI is smooth and you can find what you need quickly.My reptile race is dominating a spiral galaxy in my own version of ""V"" the TV-show (the old one, not the new inferior mess).One of the game's greatest strenghs is its ability to tell an amazing science fiction story through the history of your race - an entirely different one each time you play.9/10"
76561197974924722,Not Recommended,281990,33483138,Posted: 12 July,all,CPT Chaos,"Quick review: Hearts of Iron - Space EditionNow for the longer part.Like all Paradox games, I really want to like this game, but it suffers from the same glitches and quirks that nearly every Paradox game shares. True to form, Paradox lures the unsuspecting gamer in with a polished trailer and the promise of a customizable gaming experience. Sounds great, no? This time, we are in space! One would think that given Paradox's knack for economic/military sims, that this would be the next best thing since MOO2. And one will find, that like most Paradox games, Stellaris comes frustratingly close to greatness but the engine and the AI steal that potential away like pitbull and a pork chop.The good:1) Like all Paradox games, the gamer can make as many or as few choices as he/she wishes. I particularly like the ability to group your planets into sectors and have them specialize in terms of resource production. Another interesting aspect is that some of those sectors will grow separatist movements, and if left unchecked, they will break away into a separate empire. (ouch!) So while not a particulary difficult challenge to address, it is indiciative of the little things that Paradox does so well.2) New concepts. Space 4x games, have lacked imagination for a long long time... okay, there have been a few here and there that brought a hint of an interesting idea, but nothing mindblowing. Stellaris takes many of the things that made Paradox successful with HoI and incorporates and takes a space-4x twist.How, you ask? Well dear reader, I'll tell you!One of the most frustrating developments in 4x games in the last 20 years has been this concept of ""star lanes"". Now maybe the IFL Facebook page has some legitimate explanation for these, but frankly I don't care. Personally, I like pointing my ships in whatever direction that I choose, and going. Well, in Stellaris you can do both. Plus, for kicks, they throw in a third kind of propulsion system that, if you master it, is superb.Also, the diplomatic options are actully very good! Whoa, a 4x/strat game where the diplomacy a) matters and b) isn't completely hosed? Paradox does such a good job of the diplomacy in this game that you can take a long-time rival/sparring partner, and turn them into a close ally. Want to form your own space-NATO, yep, you can do that, too.3) Ship design. Who doesn't love good ship design? The user gets LOTS of options with different types of weapons, chasis, propulsion systesm, etc. One can even choose the AI behavior of the ship class. The ship design allows the user to try and find the right balance of power, firepower, and protection... same kind of choices faced by engineers designing military weapons today. The beauty of this system is in its simplicity. Paradox makes it drag and drop. However, the discussion of ship design leads me into the first....Not So Good:1) Ship combat... ugh. Okay, so as with HoI, Stellaris does not delve deeply into tactical combat, nor should it. However, as currently configured, the combat system essentially rewards brute strength and ignorance. If that is your playing style, then you'll be happy. If sleek tech combinations (such as phased cloaks and time-warp facilitators in MOO2) are more your style, you will be sorely disappointed. Basically, the game rewards operational and strategic manuever, which is fine, but it really diminishes the importance of your tech tree where weapons, armor, and shielding is concerned. Another review called this ""doomstack vs. doomstack"". He was right. Tech may be a tie breaker, but if your combat value is much smaller than your opponent's, prepare to build a new fleet.Another frustrating feature about the fleet system how the game manages ""alliance"" fleets. Yes, when you form your own federation with a few of your friends, you get to pool your best technologies together and take turns commanding your alliance's fleet... it is a *really* neat idea but... Their are several problems with this feature. First, although your facilities can magically produce tech that you have not researched, you can't even gain research points from that tech to begin developing your own version of it. Second, the AI constantly overwrites your version of allied ship designs. Finally, even though you may give the fleet orders when it is under your command, expect it to do its own thing. What starts of as a unique feature of the game winds up being a nuisance do to the resource drain and the limitations on diplomatic choices.2) AI. AI is a constant weakness with Paradox games. It is erratic at best. At worst, it simply does nothing. There were moments when I enjoyed the erratic nature of the AI. It sensed some deep strategic weakness in my empire, attacked me and wiped out my fleet. Then it stopped. I had enough time to cobble together my own diminished doomstack and force a confrontation with the enemy fleet. The tough decisions and the ensuing campaign were quite fun in the mid-game. As your empire expands, and you can swallow lesser empires with impunity, it feels like the AI almost gives up.3) Finally, the grind. Much like this review, the game is a grind to get through. Further, it grinds your computer's processing power to a halt, and several times, the game just quits. As it progresses, the processing times on turns get longer and longer. This is a problem that I've noticed with all Paradox games, and Stellaris is no different.So, dear reader, if you made it this far, congratulations. Take the time that it took you to read the review, and quadruple it. That is the amount of time required to process a day-turn deep into the game.There are some great points to this game, and Paradox explores some pretty neat concepts that can help push the genre. However, Stellaris has flaws endemic to all Paradox games that cause it to fall vastly short of the galactic glory that it promises. Ultimately, I have to give it a thumbs-down."
,Recommended,281990,23257103,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dog,"I played this game for 5 hours straight, and its a reason why. It is an amazing game!"
76561198056884732,Recommended,281990,22886835,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Schnick,Game of the year material right here. This game is nearly infinitly replayable.
,Not Recommended,281990,35143882,Posted: 22 September,all,Yuri the hardworking Mongolian,"Exploration stage is great, expanding is neat and a ton of fun.But warfare is poorly implemented, turns into a game of space tag where you warp in from system to system hoping you actually catch the enemy.There's no point in playing the game past the exploration stage, as it's either stagnate or ruthlessly beat your neighbours in a series of extremely uninteresting wars.But hey, they're finally charging you 10 dollars to play as robots, a thing that mods have done for free since forever, nevermind that it seems it's just a reskinned hivemind.Be careful with this game, by it on sale if you're dedicated, find someone other then me willing to dedicate more time to write a detailed review. I honestly find it boring to tears two hours into each game."
,Not Recommended,281990,23730277,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,acriaos,"The main problem in this game are two things: AI and UI. Unfortunately both are pretty important for a 4x game and both are unlikely to be improved soon.The game has some good ideas and the basics of a 4x game are definitely there. Especially the exploration part is well done and at the beginning it's also fun to expand your empire. However, there are way too many problems which suck the fun out. For me the main problem are the sectors: After you have more than 5 planets you are forced to give some of the planets to sectors which are managed by the AI. Afterwards all you can do is watch the AI horribly mismanaging your planets and costing you a lot of resources without being productive. They improved it slightly with patches 1.1 and 1.2 but the main problem remains: It is just not fun expanding your empire just to give it to an AI - even more so if it's an AI with the brain capacity of a lobotomized monkey.There are other problems such as the combat which is simply ""the bigger stack wins"", a concept which I thought game devs today would know to be a bad idea or the UI which requires about twice as many clicks for every action than would be necessary. Actually if the UI would be better, probably less people would complain about micromanaging and there could be better solutions to it than the one currently implemented.Maybe the game will be fun in a year or so, but right now it's pretty obvious you are playing a beta."
76561198045525262,Not Recommended,281990,23209116,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Swagnificence,"The game for sure has promise for the future, but as of right now it is extremely lacking. The UI is bad. The AI Empires are stupid, the sector AI is totally messed up and hurts more than helps. Nearing the mid/end game there is a massive drop off of features, for example I am currently 170 years into a game and it is safe to say nothing of note has happened in the past one hundred years, I've spent more time on my phone in these past 100 years than playing the game. However the first fifty years or so were pretty good. Also you can be sure that Paradox is probably going to nickel and dime you for the DLCs that will actually make the late game playable"
76561197998018169,Recommended,281990,34007876,Posted: 3 August,all,kschindl,"Since the latest changes, mods and add on's, the game is really fund and challenging"
76561198000943107,Recommended,281990,28956920,Posted: 2 January,all,Moving_Target78,"First play through, have to say this is a lot of fun. I was greatly concerned that it'd be insanely complicated like Crusader Kings II another Paradox title that I simply could never get my head wrapped around; however it's not that complex. The complexity is slightly above Civ V.The balance is very solid, the complexity is just complex enough you have a lot of options but not too overwhelming. The tutorial is light but as with many games with any complexity I personally check outside sources for guides and tips to help me playthrough and that curbs any these issues. A habit I highly recommend to everyone else for that matter.Music and Sound is good too. Though I see at some point I see the music being muted and I'd be playing my own in the background as the usual theme the game plays makes me want to watch Avengers as it sounds very close to the movie's theme track.All in all, I give the game a solid 9/10."
76561198051561868,Not Recommended,281990,25503356,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Air Berzerk,"Dear Paradox developers,I really tried to like this game, but there has just not been put enough effort into it to make Stellaris a good game. A game like ""Europa Universalis IV"" in space? Sounded too good.In terms of game mechanics it feels simpler than Universalis, instead expansion is being slowed down by the sector concept and minimalistic management of colonies.But the gameplay isn't my main critique, it's the presentation!Stellaris gets 3/10 points when it comes to graphics, and those 3 points are only for the nice galaxy map and the creative alien races, although there could have been done a lot more with their animations instead of just blinking eyes and wobbling heads.Fleet battles? I gave up watching that chaotic mess. You just wait for the results.Another few ugly examples:When I win a war in this game a text message says ""You have won a war"". That's basically all.When I change the weapons on my ship models, different weapons use the same 3D model.When I upgrade buildings (and I did that a lot), sometimes all that changes in the tiny grapics representing the building is the colour and a number.When I discover planets of ""natural beauty"" (special bonus planets), they just have the same background graphics that other planets have too.All these and other failures make the game boring quickly. And again, the presentation! It's 2016, not 1995! Oh, and don't even think I'll buy a single DLC for this one! Plantoids? More like ""greedoids""!Sincerely,Air Berzerk"
76561197991645907,Not Recommended,281990,32215460,Posted: 6 June,all,Autism Module,DLC policy was cancerous enough but new prices is a deal breaker. It only promotes piracy and alienates still loyal fan base
76561198065496447,Recommended,281990,23329017,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Not_You,This game is a time vampire in a good way.
76561198134054952,Not Recommended,281990,25340290,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GodDamn,"Early game is fun, but mid-late games are somewhat tedious. Need more mid-late game contents update"
,Not Recommended,281990,23457587,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ShaneRR,"Review for Stellaris, Update 1.1 ""Clarke"", Single-Player only, 160hrs, 4 games played[TL; DR;] In it's current state, I sadly cannot recommend it.[Full opinion]This should have been an early access game. It was apparently rushed and suffers for it during mid- and especially late-game.The early game is wonderful. It's fun, the UI feels great and you get that wonderful sense of discovery. There is something new around every corner. The multi-tiered events are a great idea and are a lot of fun.Unfortunately all of this breaks apart during mid-game. At that point you have probably outsourced a lot of your planets into sectors. But you still have to micro-manage some of the game's aspects, like terraforming and colonization.The game, however, does not give you enough information. There is no list of ALL planets (just those you colonized) so if you want to colonize a new planet you start searching the galaxy map manually! It's atrocious.There is no list of bases around planets, you have to zoom-in to the system and look for yourself. This is fine if you only have like 3 star systems. But once you expand your territory you will start to hate the UI.Why can't I change settings on an Observation Post inside a sector? The sector AI does nothing with it but if you want to change your policy you have to remove the system (which costs you Influence, a rare and precious resource), change the setting and then reassign the system again. Why?? Did nobody play-test this? This is stupid as hell and so unnecessary!There are not enough options to filter the messages you are getting, so you get flooded in stuff you have no interest in. The important bits don't stick out and you click them away by mistake. Of course there is no list of previous messages. So it's gone forever. A new planet got terraformed? Well, good look searching the galaxy map for this one planet.And while we are at the topic of messages: why do they zoom in to the star system?? They should open the planet/station window since 95% of the time this is where you want to go. But no, it zooms you in, you click on the planet, manage it, zoom out. And you do this for every message. Zoom-in, zoom-out, zoom-in, zoom-out, zoom-in, zoom-out.... :(Instead they should open the planet window which would greatly improve the flow of the game. And if you really have to zoom in, there is a button on the planet page just for that.Put in summary: the UI is designed to work in the early game but is woefully underdeveloped later in the game. You have no overview what's happening and no efficient way to manage a sprawling emipre.Add to this several bugs and performance problems and the game literally falls apart in mid-game.This game needs a lot of love from the developers still. And I hope it will receive it.Right now the game feels incomplete and unpolished. It feels rushed and released prematurely.Which is a shame because I can see huge potential here.Paradox, keep working at it. Gamers, wait for those problems to be fixed.Oh, and what the hell is this policy that I cannot even LOOK at the support forums if I am not registered and logged in? This is painfully anti-consumer and quite unacceptable. So people are having problems with your product and you make them register just so they can inform themselves about the state of potential patches?? D*ck move... :("
,Not Recommended,281990,30511898,Posted: 14 March,all,DiamondQuant,"On one hand, this game is very interesting and attractive, it has lots of what I like (strategy, tactics and politics) and its OST is just brilliant. For that I've payed my money for it.On the other hand, the amount of bugs is overwhelming, glitches occur very often and make the game unplayable (especially in multiplayer) and the poor optimisation results in heavy lags for no proper reason. For that I mark my review as negative."
,Not Recommended,281990,35132827,Posted: 22 September,all,Optyk,"Good game but can't recommend it unless it's DLC is on sale at > 50%.Paradox like to take every patch and sell you it, the Plantoids DLC is £5.59 and it's just some skins. Compare this to the content you get in Witcher 3 DLC, for example."
76561198056895180,Not Recommended,281990,32653384,Posted: 22 June,all,Mr Clean,Cant ignore price change
,Not Recommended,281990,33539027,Posted: 14 July,all,Gridpoet [TURD],Don't agree with the developers?MUST BE MISOGONY!
,Not Recommended,281990,31852219,Posted: 19 May,all,Crazyi,"This doesn't do it for me. I feel this is far more about management than strategy.I am not saying this is a bad game, it is just not what I was wanting."
76561198036792128,Not Recommended,281990,23192722,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,The Bearded Nun,"I tried to like Stellaris, I truly did. However, all things considered, the Ankle deep diplomacy, the imbalanced poorly executed  civilization management system, the one sided incredibly overpowered AI, all that Stellaris boils down to is a paper thin pretty picture. The exploration is fantastic, but it ends there. as soon as you have the misfortune of encountering another intelligent society, kiss your pretty little empire good-bye.All AI races within the game follow no logical pattern. They will declare war on you at the drop of a hat no matter your current relationship with them while roundly rejecting every single attempt you may make at interaction. Would you like to form an alliance? +180 opinion towards you? NOPE, rejected. Trade technology for the greater good of us both? ABSOLUTELY NOT! Can we at least trade minerals? NO, UNACCEPTABLE! Then you get invaded by an empire with a 2 planet economy matching you 1:1 for production power.My breaking point was spending over 100 years as a technological isolationist, I was CONSTANTLY under attack by everyone and their dog. Never took land (because that is a negative influence bonus) just defended myself like the nerd in high school. Finally manage to get 4 neighboring powers to over 200+ opinion of me, and you know what they did? Allied to the bug people to my flank who have attacked THEM before and then, even with the fact that alliances must VOTE for a war, they raise their guns and JOIN FORCES against me.Avoid this game at all costs, it's all show and zero real initiative or effort. Do what I didn't and save your money for a game that has earned it."
76561198035763897,Recommended,281990,23300644,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,VictoryRpg,"I'll assume that you've already read the popular negative reviews as I write this, so I will reference those critiques as I have relatively few of my own.You may have noticed a trend in those negative reviews.  Something like ""I realized after 50 hours of play, I was bored.""The question right now is not whether or not this is a good game.  The question is whether you're willing to spend 40 dollars for ~50 hours of generally strong gameplay.  If this were any other dev, the answer would be a resounding ""yes"" from the community, but many have fallen into the trap of comparing Stellaris to it's more mature siblings instead of reviewing it as an induvidual game.Will this game be better in a year than it is now, most certainly.  Is this game deserving of a negative review, absolutely not.  The negative reviews are reviewing this game with a benchmark, but from a level perspective, it is an excellent purchase for the pricetag that will only get better as time goes on."
76561198001182793,Not Recommended,281990,30780492,Posted: 27 March,all,SwordBreaker,When I first got this game right after it's release I thought that it was decent for an unfinished game and it could be good after the developers implement the missing basic functioality.Coming back 9 months later I see that the game has been left as it was during the release.So what is missing - all the automations that take the micromanagement away from you so that you can enjoy of the other aspects of the game. Instead your time is completely consumed by pointless micromanagement tasksI do not recommend this game - it's just boring and it looks like it will not be fixed.
,Not Recommended,281990,23048113,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,danmp19,"I preordered Stellaris and was really looking forward to the game.  There are some thing Stellaris is doing well, such as such as intesting ethic and government system, some interesting races and technologies,  decent ship designer and a few of the events are fun. However, there are issues with the execution of some mechanics that other reviewers have already talked about.In addition, I love big space games have one continous map are at most a few sections (e.g., Endless Space, Gal. Civ 3, etc.). However, in Stellaris, the exploration, scientist planet mapping and having a construction unit build mines, etc. 150-1000 many times turns Steallaris into a boring experience.  These miniature chunks of space in all seem identical and give nothin of the feel of being in outer space like other games of the same genre, which have beter map visuals on single map of the same or larger size than the entirety of Stellaris overall map.Also, having to repeat the cycle for 150-1000 minimaps for each of these individually gets extremely tedious.  I know all grand stategies such as Paradox's (own them all) have that to some level to add depth and realism, but the game as it is I now I cannot reommend it."
,Recommended,281990,23305758,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Machine,"Whilst full of bugs, this is a stellar game.  I was RPing halo's UNSC, colonised 1/4 of the galaxy (large map size), and all of a sudden, I get this message with some dude calling me an insect.  The next thing I know, this guy who looks like a salamander with arms is demanding I abandon 18 planets, including my home world.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to that I thought, so I told him to do one.  Oops.  Turns out this empire has ring worlds, is really powerful and has the ability to appear in my system in an instant.  Cue 5 hour guerilla war, baiting one his overwhelmingly powerful fleets into my federations combined forces of around 25k, whilst at the same time retaking the planets they invaded by hiding in other systems.I can only imagine this game getting better with more updates/patches/fixes/DLC/mods.  My main gripe is the performance mid to late game.Would recommend.Edit:  This game is now on its 3rd major patch, there are things like sector AI that are still not working very well, however, that's only a small part of a very large game.  The Leviathans DLC has been excellent so far.  Personal highlight being the Enegmatic Fortress quest chain.  Frustrating doesn't come close."
,Not Recommended,281990,31183498,Posted: 16 April,all,afinati,"I took a break from Stellaris nine months ago because it was just too under-developed. Its diplomacy, warfare, mid-game monotony, and clunky interface were just too draining. Research, exploration, species customization, and the aesthetics had me playing for such a long time, but eventually I was burnt out in a bad way.The dlc Utopia and the latest patch were released recently, so I decided to wade back into the waters. With the new customization, building, and internal political options, I was hooked back in for another absurdly long stretch. However, I'm burnt out again by the same unresolved, under-developed systems. I've played this game way too long to be able to tell you it's a bad game or that you shouldn't buy it. But I kept playing wanting to get over the things that I can't stand. I don't think I'll be playing again until the next update, and I don't want people who just have a passing interest to  take the risk on this. It's certainly not Paradox's best or most complete game. One year in, it feels like it still shouldn't have been released. I'll update as it updates."
76561198030960887,Not Recommended,281990,33387926,Posted: 8 July,all,vineetwriter,"Paradox Interactive charges money for each and every major patch they make to the game. If you want to play with all of the patches, there will come a point in time where there are so many that you will have to pay 1,000% of the game's base price just to get all of the patches.They call their patches ""DLC,"" in a very 1984, doublespeak-ish manner.If you disapprove of this practice and want to help kill it, upvote every negative review here and downvote every positive one. And if you already have this game, write a negative review and copy/paste this message."
76561198071023254,Recommended,281990,23232363,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zedrasil,"Hive of Zaktoria- Stardate 2117-4-31Thrice condemn these fleshy Humans- Overmind be cursed for the day he decided to uplift them off of Sol III... we are now in our 5th year of war with those heathens... heaven knows what instigated the rebellion? The Overmind refuses to put them down, insistant he can ""Negotiate"" with them, madness take him he's a fool but we must obey- whatever madness resides in our leader's head makes him insist that ""It would make a great story for them"" while his own troops die needlessly as he throws under-equipped corvettes at them while he has his cruisers watch from afar- hold on, pause the recording. Whats this? a summons from our glorious leader? i'm being sent on the first invasion wave?! UNARMED?! What are you doing- unhand me! Treason! TREASO- *Holotape has reached capacity, ending recording*"
,Not Recommended,281990,33602789,Posted: 17 July,all,El Chupacabra,"A great game so far. Very much content, even if lot of it seems unfinished or broken.I like the game - I love it!To make it short: Good Graphics, nice gameplay, lot of content, big galaxies, endless mods & modability.So far the positive.BUT this game also features:- Very bad engame performance- Greedy DLC policie (very few content for the prices/content that sould be in the base game)- Swedish mentality (liberal-leftist dev team, insults 80% of all forum users as sexist because the community thinks a professional admiral shouldn't sound like a khorne berserker)- Adding optional, at best ""nice-to-have"" features with patchs/DLCs instead fixing long known bugs and issues- No combat strategy/tactics available: Just doomstacking your ships and overrun the enemyRare space Pepe disagree :("
76561198027020560,Recommended,281990,23113453,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Darth Wal,"Words cannot describe how much I love this game.  Honestly I haven't been this addicted to a game for years now....First time I played - started at 10pm...12pm...I really should go to bed, what the hell, I'll do that when the next tech is researched1am...ok, seriously, I need to go to bed, I'll just wait till after my fleet destroys that Space Amoeba2am...wtf, it's 2am alread, must go to bed! I'll just colonise this planet3am...about to fall unconscious, eyes red and puffy...just one more...ok screw it, time for bed!10/10 even with a few minor niggling bugs that are still there..."
,Recommended,281990,30439123,Posted: 10 March,all,A S S T R O N A U T,"Stellaris is actually the only game that comes to mind that lets me become or resume being the collective conscience of an entire empire......who has recently become capable of interplanetary and interstellar travel.Maybe in one gameplay, you just want to be the peaceful empire - you can. And when you realize that you are impatient like me, you show how truly fearful the future of humans could be if we reach interstellar travel.Be warned - this truly beautiful and majestic game has the most enthralling 4x feel ever - if you liked Master of Orion, you will like Stellaris.Best played by people who like space, theoretical physics, and 4x games.5/5 would angbe again:)"
,Recommended,281990,22889460,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,SpartanMario,"I love this game so far and followed it closely as it was developed. I am completly satisfied with this game and can't wait for the expansions.To be short, the game has great exploration mechanics and is not a one trick pony. There are a many, many different strategies one can deploy on their quest to becoming the next space Napoleon Hitler and every encounter and game is different.P.S. Make Space Great Again."
76561198067183275,Recommended,281990,22890265,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,AlbertFlasher,"Very good, few bugs and nothing that is game breaking. Great job on this release paradox!"
,Recommended,281990,25575674,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Paladin Luke,"Like most Paradox games, it is not casual in the slightest. But it's still worth playing for fans of the strategy genre who want to run a galactic empire. It is also very easy to mod, and there is loads of support on /r/stellaris and other paradox websites to help you get started going in the right direction."
,Recommended,281990,25523639,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,gdvhev,"I'm new to paradox strategy games, I was looking for a new RTS that could compete with the one and only Empire Earth, and I guess I found it. While it lacks a bit on lategame content(30+ hours lol) because taking out great empires is a bit repetitive, it is surely worth the money and will keep you busy a lot."
,Recommended,281990,25417751,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Leroy Brown,Played one game on ironman mode for 7 hours. I had a max ship capacity of 520 all full. Have around 75k of fleet power (Stronger than everyone around me.) Gets a notification saying aliens are going to invade from another galaxy. What evs Im really strong. Aliens come at me with over 200k fleet power. Step 1: Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Step 2: Start a new game. 10/10 would get invaded again.Separate game: Started a game and within a year I get a notification saying my home planets atmosphere is dying. Had to research 5 ruined planets to save it. 1 planet is in another civs borders and were closed. Went to war to research it. Turns out they were stronger than me. Home planet dies and other planet is taken over. Dying planet simulator 2016. 10/10 would play again.Another game:Gets notification saying an asteroid is heading towards my planet. In the middle of a war and the civ took out its space port. My fleet cannot reach it in time. Planet is hit by asteroid. Apocalypse simulator 2016. 10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,281990,22890684,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Keaton,10/10
76561198029559056,Recommended,281990,22889845,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Gypsum Reich,"Loved it so far. A bunch of my friends have really been waiting for this, and we were so hyped up for the release today. Apart from one stutter glitch, I was really surprised at how *not* buggy this game was from release. These days, it seems most games come out on release with a plethora of game breaking bugs, or a few that ruin it for a lot. But not this game. I give a full recommendation, however I will admit there is a learning curve and if you don't do your research or let the game give you the full tutorial, you will get stuck! This is not a game to be felt out without help! I jumped right into a multiplayer with my friends, and even then it was hard.A few tibits extra about the game I liked:-Music is beautiful-Graphics are pretty and nice to look at-UI is *not* disgusting, it just is not for the faint of heart.-Races are creative, well drawn, and look cool-Quite a lot of techs and facets to exploreGreat day-one gameplay for me personally. Can't wait for the Star Wars, 40K, and Mass Effect Mods. I know they're coming!"
76561198052374425,Recommended,281990,22917922,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Mehlig,Paradox have another grand strategy gem!Perfect for EU4 and CK2 Fans!
76561197970596412,Recommended,281990,22890710,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mallikanth,Simples - Stellaris is THE best 4x Grand Strategy game there is. Why look at any others?
76561198122778540,Recommended,281990,22918527,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Melon Cooler,>Found primitive society>Set up observastion posts>They become hostile and I begin bombarding their planet from orbit>I lift the blockade for a month to deal with pirates>Come back to a space faring empire with a fully armed and operational battlestation with a fleet larger than mine>Oh s***.jpg>My fleet is utterly destroyed>They invade my homeplanet and occupy it>lose game in first decade to primitives11/10 would be annexed by a primitive society again.
,Recommended,281990,22895283,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,nomstar-1H,"If I had to sum up Stellaris in one word, it would be ""Epic"". This is Paradox grand strategy mixed with traditional 4X, mixed again with the story elements of Alpha Centauri, with a little randomness thrown in for good measure. If you found Gal Civ 3 to be lacking in some way, or maybe just a little too shallow, you should definitely give Stellaris a shot. If you're hesitating because you've tried Crusader Kings or EU in the past and found the learning curve to be too steep to get into things, you should know that Paradox has done a much better job crafting tutorials and ""special project"" missions to help guide you in. All in all, I strongly recommend giving Stellaris a try if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198005914856,Recommended,281990,22930435,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,viktor.irebring,Fantastic Game!
76561197971233393,Recommended,281990,22918832,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dead-Meme,I always end up uplifting races into the galactic stage of their civilisation and pit them against my enemies.Then they rebel and I end up repeating the Mass Effect Rackni Wars.Every.Single.Game.10/10
76561198040324048,Recommended,281990,22947871,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Miguel,"The early game is fun, well balanced and terribly addictive.The mid game is slow, but filled with discoveries.  Both for your civilization and for you.  I won't spoil the surprises except to say that no weapon beats everything and no defences protect against every weapon.  Be adaptable and you will flourish.Oh, and make sure you have some vacation time set aside for it.  Even if you can convince yourself to go to work you will be too sleep deprived to be functional."
76561197978429880,Recommended,281990,22899509,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Dacanty,"After a few hours of playing this game and exploring the game mechanics, I found myself lost and before I knew it, those few hours had just flown by. The attention to detail in this game is rich and full of promise with throwing me back to memories of Sins of a Solar Empire with the empire construction and ship movement from system to system. Then we have the battles which give similar good times and are quite indepth if you need to defend multiple systems at a time, not lacking in tactical moves you could pull on an unsuspecting adversary.Pros for me:- Empire building is very well put together and I like the way a player can see just about anything they could want and change the little details for improvements- Combat is excellent and gave me a challenge to hold off pirates, rouge aliens and other empires. Not clunky or full of complexity and simple to master once you have the basics down of how the game runs.- The diplomacy and number of alien races you can have in one game is mind boggling but I like the idea of studying younger races than your own and uplifting them to the stars or genetically altering them to your needs.- The size of the maps and games is immense with getting onto a 1000 star systems which I do like but multiplayer games I can see taking a long time to complete. Just how I like it. :)- Last but not least is the ship building mechanic, this is very good and I like having the freedom to create more of what I would use in combat and exploration. Can create some nice weapon combos after you've reached a while and also a world class explorer.Will continue to play but so far it has my vote!"
76561198065872705,Recommended,281990,22945927,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Final_Notion,"I'll be honest, I pirated this game first to see if I'd like it.Well, I liked it so much that I bought two copies, and sent the other to a friend.As a longtime fan and player of MOO2, I was not at all pleased with the latest iteration of the aforementioned game, so when I found Stellaris it was a godsend. It takes everything you want from a grand space strategy and, in most cases, gives you more.Breakdown:Pros:- Surprisingly deep roleplaying- Gorgeous UI- Pleasing variety of species- Complex diplomacy- Very strong early game- 8/8 mod support- Lots of room for DLCCons:- Too much information- HORRIBLE AI- Forced automation of planets- Boring Diplomacy- Uninteresting war- Lots of room for DLCNitty Gritty:For starters, the game forces you to play rather specifically to the personality of your race; the availability of many options, and the viability of others, will be determined by your race's beliefs. Furthermore leaders can die during battle, via dangerous research or simply from old age, and don't be surprised if you get attached to a few (especially if you made your own name-generation list). This makes the game more than about simply conquering the galaxy- you're conquering the galaxy for your empire, which is pretty different from everyone else’s.Also, the UI is nicely put together and pretty easy to grasp. The crippling confusion you feel minutes into the game will pass, and the tutorial helps somewhat. Stellaris manages to be both very accessible and yet still give us a significant amount of depth.On the not so good side, my biggest complaint is that the AI is horrendous. As in a ""dear-god-I-miss-AOE2-AI"" kind of horrendous. Your allies’ fleets will simply follows yours around, leaving their systems vulerable and their armies relatively inert, and you’ll be playing cat and mouse with your enemies during every war, as they are unwilling to engage unless victory is assured. I also might add that none of the computers seem inclined to address GALAXY WIDE THREATS. Finally the computers just… leave you alone. Seriously. I’ve yet to fight a war that I didn’t start myself.The another major complaint is that every bit of information is on display to you. How strong an enemy fleet is. Whether your federation will agree to go to war or not. If a trade proposal will be accepted. This inundation of cold, hard numbers underlying every interaction definitely take away some of the thrill and suspense of, well, everything. Because of it, I always fight battles I know I’ll win, always make the best possible trades and am never left wondering about my place in the galaxy. Once you’re done exploring and have made your mark, things can get pretty dull and systematic very fast.Both of these issues are somewhat solved by multiplayer though. Which is why I bought two copies.Finally, an issue of some controversy, is the forced automation of your colonies. Most empires can only control 5 planets at a time before they start suffering penalties until they automate their systems in ""sectors"". This is designed to keep the game from becoming a micro-managing nightmare, which is good. In fact, I love this feature. However, even as someone who really despises micromanagement in 4x games it does bother me that the game effectively forces your hand with this. So if you (for some reason) like spending the majority of the game paused while reorganizing the attributes of dozens of planets... well, you'll be disappointed.I know I have a lot of negative up there, but the truth is, it’s a fantastic game and I think everyone should play it. With updates, mods, and DLC the game will become even better, but for now it's a plenty solid game on its own."
76561198007132747,Recommended,281990,22949342,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,eldus,"Total addiction.Never ever buy this game if you ""have life"".You are warned.:)"
,Recommended,281990,22888575,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lamb,I'm normally not into grand strategy games.But holy balls this is addicting.Creating your own faction to then rule the galaxy with has never been so satisfying.
,Recommended,281990,22916025,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,BUSH DID X11,"I noticed that my people in distant sectors are starting to diverge from the wholesome Terran principles laid out for them by their glorious emperor. I did what one does in these situations, namely enslaving them. Eventually I realized I was wasting living space and resources on ungrateful seditionists, and began purging them. Afterwards I began examining individual populations in an attempt to determine who was likely to join problematic factions in the future, and preemptively purged them as well.That's when I realized that I'd become Space Stalin."
76561198007171411,Recommended,281990,22934197,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Praetorias,"Excellent, game, vast in scope, seriously engrossing with a political and diplomacy system I can see real value in. The map is huge, the variety of aliens impressive.  Each is dynamically created so never can you predict their stance.Iam on my first game and it seems to be a very long haul experience which is just what I am after.So far, I have been seriously impressed with it and it just keeps getting better.  If it keeps going like this and it continues to be enhanced in dlc and patches then this game will carry on being a 10/10 game for me."
76561198058293359,Recommended,281990,22975424,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,i sux,Help... i cant. stop. playing.
,Recommended,281990,22934585,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Uranium Venison,"Might write a real review later. For now, just a simple recommendation."
76561198094422502,Recommended,281990,22949386,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,缶詰ハム-kun,"i cannot even put this game down without a 5 hr splurge of it, i really enjoy the game overall and it is a must have and makes me excited for future dlc"
,Recommended,281990,27062166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fourslash,This game has some flaws but I still love it.
76561198007261127,Recommended,281990,22949404,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bigric92,It's like EU4 and Civilization made a baby while watching Star Trek and sent that baby to boldy go where no one has gone before.
,Recommended,281990,26205122,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,eleven,"I play several hours during weekends, so I'd categorize myself as a casual player.Good onboarding design that makes it easy for new players to learn. I'm a noob in 4x games, and I managed to pick up very quickly.Awesome and interesting scifi narratives/sidequests you encounter as you explore.Very good depth, with added late game events with the leviathan dlc. Also ""super power"" fallen empires that you can team up with, or gang up with other AI to beat them.Challenging enough that turtling alone is not enough. The game forces you to alliances and diplomacy decisions. If you just turtle on one corner, chances are, other empires might gang up on you.Variations on your gameplay and AI, different ethics have different approaches.You have few win conditions, but it's basically open ended. End it the way you want to."
76561198010544041,Recommended,281990,29326560,Posted: 17 January,all,Faber,"A very nice game with many fun aspects. I recommend trying different mods from the community as that spices up the game dramatically. I personally play with 5-10 different ones that fixes smaller issues or adding extra layers to the game. Avoid the Planetoids DLC as it doesnt really affect the overall-gameplay and save the money for something else. It mainly brings in a different race, which there are quite a few of anyway (and you can make your own aswell).The multiplayer element is really cool aswell and I like how easy it is to join the game even though you havent been there from the beginning. ""Wanna join? No worries, you can just take over one of the AI."" The main problem is being unable to synchronise mods in some way or atleast see which one is missing from the hosts own game. I dont think its unfair as the mods deviate from the original game design but when its such a nice sandbox game, why not help the community abit in making the game ""their own"". It isnt a unique flaw as it is the same with Total War: Warhammer.For gamers that love to spend time building an empire while still being able to command fleets of battleships, this game is a good choice."
76561197988589851,Recommended,281990,22960315,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,lord_farquad,"After my first playthrough, I can say this is pretty much exactly what I wanted from a 4x game. There is some minor polish to be done, and some more events & customization would be nice but... this is the most fun I've had since CK2, only now in space."
,Recommended,281990,22960751,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Myndpyre,"Excellent 4x with the CK flavor.  Starting to worry about late mid-game to end game, but I am sure Paradox will work those out with a few expansions."
76561198033617861,Recommended,281990,22886251,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Marianojoey,"Awesome game. :) I love the art, the music, the gameplay. And it works perfectly. :)"
,Recommended,281990,22888631,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Alethlion,"Started game - Lost 8 Hours...Seriously awesome so far. So much depth to everything.Started as Humans - Encountered Ancient Civilisation - Wiped out by Ancient civilisation - 10/10 Will play again!Get it, Love it, Make space great again."
,Recommended,281990,22934426,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,J.T,"This game is awesome!!I played like 100+ games, for most of them, I'll get bord with in 5 hours. I've played this game for somewhere over 11 hours, and I'm still eager to play it."
,Recommended,281990,22892242,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sokanas,"Pros- Enjoyable early stage gameplay- Race Creator is cool- Tech Tree is unique and interesting- Solid performance with exceptionCons- Currently considerably sterile and lacking in any great amount of content- That there grind though; but somewhat understandable I guess- Diplomacy and Subterfuge are flat- Trade doesn't really exist- The daily stuttering bug on larger maps. Only Tiny seems to work well, despite only using a maximum of 65% of my CPUWas it worth the ~$70(AUD), I dunno I'm on the fence; as with any Paradox title the bugs will be fixed and content will be added (in the form of detestable DLC) so there is room for improvement and maybe improved customer satisfaction.Gameplay is typical 4X, if you like it you like it otherwise you won't enjoy the game much. The ability to populate the world with species and cultures of your own making is great and the tech tree has been implemented in an intriguing manner.But the apparent lack of content and that damned stuttering bug is a nuisence, but the Paradox rep(s) seem adament about pushing the point that a patch is coming (bug should've been visible in testing if they used a mix of hardware from different vendors for comprehensive QA).The gem of a Paradox 4x is generally the diplomatic actions that can be used to coerce opponents in a game of skullduggery and politics. This game has the diplomatic depth of Donald Trump.Stutter bug is game breakingly annoying and occurs on all but the smallest map size, patch is incoming but this should've been caught during the quality assurance phase, but it didn't and now we wait for 1000 world map sizes. Stutterbug aside the game runs solidly.7/10 pending 8/10 once the stutter gets fixed."
,Recommended,281990,27259807,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr.Sloth,"Very nice game, would recommend to friends."
76561198035930101,Recommended,281990,27581195,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zeno Gloidin,Synth masterace
,Recommended,281990,26379933,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dexios S. Divine,"I have a spilt opinion for stellaris. When it was released it was pretty shi.t. Everything was fairly samey and the mid game was boring as hell to play through with the late game not being as great as hoped. But, it is way more fun in the 1.3 patch. More events, more A.I variety, more strategies. But then they put out dlc with the game not feeling finished.This game feels like an early access game but it was released as a finished one, which rubs me the wrong way. To sum it up, is it good? Yes, but it can be better. Should you buy it? If you're alright with the game not feeling entirely finished and alright with waiting for more patches.I don't regret buying the game too much. 30% out of 100. But if I knew about the state of the game before i bought it on day one then i would've waited. So far it seems like they want to continue working on the game, not sure for how long though. So if you want the game, the 1.3.1 patch is pretty fun on its own. Take that as you will."
,Recommended,281990,28306107,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cmdr.Cameron,Awsome game. first it has a lovely sound track. second it has many diffrent ways to play. I like it and i think it is worth the money
,Recommended,281990,29885998,Posted: 12 February,all,velicc,you can be a fanatic pacifist species and still murder♥♥♥♥ everyone else with battleshipsyou can spawn a giant space-cthulu and worship ityou can purge whoever you deem inferior (filthy xenos)sometimes some powerful people will try to take over the galaxy. You can then be more powerful than them and proceed to murder♥♥♥♥ them with more battleshipsi dont see whats bad about this game10/10 would build more battleships again
,Recommended,281990,22914091,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Skadi,"Quick and easy to learn, but with so much depth beyond that.Custom race builder is so much fun to work with, to see what combinations you come up with.Overwall one of the better strategy games I've played lately."
76561197978479031,Recommended,281990,22910880,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,LeWhisp,"Having played CIV 5, EU4 and CK2 I can say that manages to get the right balance between depth and easy of use.It has a good tutorial that expalins the main principles of the game well while not being tedious.  They (the developers) have managed to integrate it into the game so it helps you and gives you little ""missions"" which help early on in the game.  A good example of a tutorial done well.It looks stunning.Unlike CK2 and EU4 the world (or in this case, galaxy) isn't already divided up between nations.  There is still a lot of expanding and exploration to do which I prefer. You get to carve your own path and there are many possible paths to follow.If you are on the fence about this one I would say go for it, I doubt you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,281990,22889230,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Somerandom18,Finally a space 4x that isn't turn based or terribad.
,Recommended,281990,22896057,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,crvforever,Make Space Great Again
76561198052960418,Recommended,281990,22889240,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,wilkie914,One of the best space games that I have ever played.  A few bugs here and thre but nothing gamebreaking.  Great game overall.
76561197993250764,Recommended,281990,23014711,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Atuday,So far I am having great fun in this game. Steep learning curve though so be prepared. The comunity is nice enough though that if you are having a hard time with something they will offer good advice and help you out.
,Recommended,281990,22908317,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,MadPizz,colonized a peacefull planet away from any hostiles.the 3 native annimals which are huge decided they dident like my colonists.now there is a planet in my empire which is still mine but its people are held hostage by giant annimals.BEST GAME EVER!
76561198038729587,Recommended,281990,23011812,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Fishliver_oil,One of the best 4X games i've ever played.  Paradox hit the nail on the head with this game.  Worth every penny. 10/10
76561198004776342,Recommended,281990,22894366,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,tampanensis,"7 hrs in one go. after so many disapointments in space strategies, this game is like a oasis in sahara.  just buy it and forget about the time."
76561198023789665,Recommended,281990,26929384,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Greg Bumplekin,"One of the best 4x space games around. Loads of detail. Want to be a race of genocidal snails? Hippie lizardmen? Religiously motivated sloth despots? This game has much more depth in it's government and trait structure then most 4x games do (looking at you MOO). The game does not penilize you for being a warmonger or an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Civ 5-6 do. It is also a good deal harder than most 4x titles as well. Ready yourself for losses even on normal.Pros:Good roleplay (create a people and lead them)Fun exploation and questlinesCool apocolyptic eventsHard AIStrong Mod communityCons: (these are not my complaints, just common ones I have seen)SpreadsheetyLots of MicroSlow to start"
,Recommended,281990,27901983,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,greywolf00,"Stellaris has one of the best early games I've seen in a 4X. Lots to do and tons of interesting decisions. It's let down in the mid to late game due to victory conditions. You're forced into war (or building a giant coalition) in order to win. This unfortunately eliminates a lot of the variety that makes the beginning so great, but still highly recommended to fans of the genre who aren't opposed to wars."
,Recommended,281990,27800926,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Roark,"Started game up and decided to make the Imperium of ManGot into the game, founded Holy Terra under the Imperium of ManTook over all the surrounding empires and got control of 1/4th of the GalaxyAll is goodPurged other races in my space, FOR HUMANITY ♥♥♥♥♥ESGot gene warriors, made my legions for killing all those ♥♥♥♥♥ass aliens4th dimensional beings apear after I discover jump drive, as daemons do.They are on the other side of the galaxy so I hide it from my peopleThey rebel, even though I did this for humanityKilled my rebels but those daemons are getting more powerfulAll is NOT goodLook to the other aliens for aid but none of them are in an alliance and they all hate me for genocideI start panicing, get fortifications and hideThe Daemons die, somehow (To be honest I was hiding and they just died one day, probably a good sign)Resume my great crusade, humans are the dominate race in the galaxyAll is good again.40/10, would space marine again"
76561198014296397,Recommended,281990,22887165,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Cheetah,"This is a nice game to get lost in. I started as a try when it was released and created my own civilization. My goal was to establish a functional empire in 1-2h but thoughts like ""I need to complete this research"" or ""I want this planet"" made 2h quick into 6.2h. The option to create custom civilizations and ships gives this game unlimited replayability."
,Recommended,281990,29001144,Posted: 4 January,all,L!f3_5uX!,"My solo game took so long omg. But nevertheless, it's a hell of a 4K game. Graphics are superb, albeit the few ship designs. Was hoping that every modification changes the ship outlook a little, but it's okay. AI was quite the demanding type, regardless of their ""peaceful"" trait. Research goes on forever. Took me a while to notice that. Universe map is huge (even though I chose small), like omg that's why I had to play for so long. I was hoping each race has their own cool or powerful weapon, but nah it's more or less the same throughout. Played it again with the cheats on to overpower the AI from the start, and they went passive-aggressive on me, even with the difference in power. Haha.Cool game, looking forward for a multi-player game. But I'm pretty sure I'll have to apply leave for that."
,Recommended,281990,22894570,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Myfy龙英雄,"Great blend of classic Space RTS elements with the elements of a Paradox GSG. My first game I made a fanatic xenophobic fungus  and roleplayed as an evil locust-like swarm and took over anyone in my way.Pros -- Even after hours of playing I'm still finding new aspects of the game I never thought was there, greate replay value.- Custom races with many unique versions of goverments and species types.- Massive amount of tech options.- The tutorial is your friend, it is a very deep game.Cons -Somewhat confusing map colo if you meet a race with a similar colour (Mostly red if you play multiplayer with friends).- It would be nice to see more traits for your species.7/10 - Would recommend."
76561198056315775,Recommended,281990,29078643,Posted: 6 January,all,enclaveofficer0,"I really like this game; I can see why some people don't like this game though. It has a difficulty curve and some of the unexplained complexities can really screw someone over. if you take your time, which you'll need a lot of in this game, it just clicks. It’s also really weird but I’m really weird.Edit: I play with mods, like a lot of mods. The game base is still good, and it is really fun, but mods that let you play as races of aliens you can't be like robots. It is something that appeals to me. if you’re on the fence about this game look at the workshop before you decide"
76561197972012926,Recommended,281990,22952048,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dogliver,Great game!
76561198122343810,Recommended,281990,22951761,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,winstonthewo1f,This game sucked me in like a black hole.
,Recommended,281990,23029808,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Souronfan,"So much fun honestly, I could get lost in this game for the amount of in depth managing and stratgey that a gamer like myself throughly enjoys. Highly recomend this game for anyone that loves strategy games. 10/10!"
76561198114950823,Recommended,281990,23007685,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Vespy,"Make no mistake this is a continuation of Europa Universalis in it's core gameplay.What's changed is:- the decor has become magnificent. Instead of stinky medieval empires, you control and encounter, or deal with and suffer from space age stuff. (I took a risk of 22% to explore a gas giant. I ended up setting of a chain reaction that killed off the entire indegenious species that lived in those clouds... whoops).- EU4 armies are now fully configurable corvettes, destroyers, cruisers and battleships, with modules, you can configure under 3 researchable tech trees.- so much other stuff...Anyway,there are still some problems with diplomacy, and some imbalance in weapons...But for the first time, the game is moddable!So modders can help developp the game further."
76561198116929185,Recommended,281990,22934726,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tealeaf,How you dreamed the space section of Spore would be. The perfect game for the armchair palpatines of the galaxy. 10/10
76561197990611704,Recommended,281990,22900927,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,leezle3,"I found this game to be extremely diverse in options. There is an endless ammount of ways to start off your empire. Everything is very deep in depth. I have not tried any other modes besides single-player, but from the looks of it, it is going to keep my occupied for a long time.*pros- nice graphics (running in 4k on 980ti max settings)- diverse gamplay- acceptable tutorial*cons- AI seems to always be right next door- military combat seems a little simple- tough to jump in and play ( large learning curve)All in all, if you like space and futuristic strategy games, this is a good game worth $39"
,Recommended,281990,22930040,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Flixerine,"Space: the final frontier. These are the Voyages of the Waifu empire. Its 500 year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, and to convert them all to waifuism."
76561197963751669,Recommended,281990,23136319,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,kaffedax,Awesome game with the right feels! 10/10
,Recommended,281990,22900577,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Asmor,"This game is good. Really good. ""Just one more thing... holy hell how is it quarter of 3 in the morning?!"" good. It's not perfect, and I only have a few hours as of this writing, but it seems likely that this will unseat Endless Space as my favorite sci-fi 4x and quite likely will become my favorite 4x ever.I was always interested in Crusader Kings and Europa Universalis, but could never get into them. This game does an incredible job of being accessible without sacrificing depth. The early game starts off simple and manageable, and it keeps throwing new systems at you but at a sustainable pace. It also has a fantastic tutorial built in that provides context-sensitive guidance, giving you suggestions on what to do next when appropriate but never limiting you and always ready to explain something you might discover ""out of sequence"". Even if this game doesn't become the gold-standard for 4x, it should become the gold standard for tutorials. Which is kind of a shocking thing to say about a Paradox game.Heartily recommend."
,Recommended,281990,22922413,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Handsome Boy,"I may only have six hours currently logged but this game is pretty darn amazing! I bought the game on a whim, and after my roommate telling me I could literally enslave races! What's not to love about that! Besides that there is a lot of depth within the game, the political system is really cool though I'm sure that Paradox will want to do more with it in the future, and managing your empire is really satisfactory. I bought and for the first hour or so I was a little overwhelmed but it really payed off to get over the initial learning curve! Definitely reccomend."
,Recommended,281990,22922893,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gay Fer Da Empra,A cautious recomendation. As with EU4 there seems to be a bit of a disposition towards blobbing. You can build tall but its difficult.
76561197979926195,Recommended,281990,22987583,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Willy Billy,"Of course this game isnt perfect.I do agree with some points in the negative reviews (AI Agression, etc.).  You should have serious reason to crap yourself when you discover that advanced start lurking just a couple jumps away.  Right now it feels like I can just drop an embassy on them and walk away, even if we are diometrically opposed in ideologies.At first I found the UI to be horriblly clunky, after an hour or two that was a non-issue.  There's definitely a few things to brush up on there (not de-selecting my ship when I left click to cancel a right click order for one.)Is this a better game than the new MOO?  (With a single tear in eye) Yes, x1000,In the end, in its current state I would still recommend this to Space 4x fans."
76561197961986485,Recommended,281990,22919572,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chunderfield,I played for so many hours completely motionless that I have a debilitating neck injury. This is a big one guys.
76561198068578646,Recommended,281990,22919751,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Imperator,"became a large empire with many worlds, created AIs to do the hard labour and fight my wars. suddenly all AIs revolt and capture all but my most distant worlds. and was forced to vassalize myself to my long time enemies with bribes of a planetary scale. now i know how to quarians feel.The AI in the game is good, the UI is great and the graphics are good i highly recommend this game to paradox fans."
,Recommended,281990,22920753,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Lord Commissar Alexer,"Looks like someone at Paradox is a great W40K Fan.I mean a intergalactic organic hive-minded thing that covers devours entire plantes and can wipe out the whole map? A maschine revolution that also will wipe out the map and of course those interdimensional beings...sounds kinda familiar, huh? And not to forget the researchable Commissar Unit attachment..."
,Recommended,281990,22919548,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Jarith,Very enjoyable and the most approachable Paradox Grand Strategy game to date.
76561198047789118,Recommended,281990,22905584,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sleet-on-Fire,"Have played 1000s of hours in other Paradox titles, and can confirm that this is indeed another GREAT game produced by them."
,Recommended,281990,22905978,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Elsa Arendelle,This was the space 4x/strategy I have been waiting and looking for.What are you waiting for?
76561198068249923,Recommended,281990,22891841,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Berg114,"It is EXCELLENT.... Really takes me back. It is massively large, but the ability to sector planets, and issue selv governence makes it manageable. The various quests are well written, and very relateable. The diplomatic system though is lacking a bit, but nothing to take marks off."
,Recommended,281990,22894452,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Prahett,"It's a really solid space civ game. If you liked Galactic Civ, or any Civ game, you'll invest a lot of hours in this one as well."
,Recommended,281990,22894806,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Wolffje,"Big tumbs up for this game. I got it yesterday and then played for 11 hours straight. Then I realized it was 6:30 am...... The game had me so immersed I just forgot the time. Some reviews liken this game to MOO 2. I second that. This game offers the same immersion but goes even deeper than M00 2, I genetically altered my human population on an ocean world and found out I had a new species afterward. Very cool.I have had hundreds of hours of enjoyment from every Paradox game I own and this game does not disappoint! I bought this purely based on my experience with Paradox (and my love for 4x space games) and I am glad they still produce quality like they did when I first bought EU 2.The only cons I have experienced that I was unable to rename my leaders (especially my sovereigns) or that I was unable to rename those genetically changed humans. But I am sure it will get added with patch/dlc/mod eventually.So far I give this game a 10/10"
76561198061570988,Recommended,281990,22895832,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Shade,"well its here and its everything they advertisedif i had to say one bad thing (its not really a bad thing) is that we are too limited in the race creation , there are too few traits and you can barely choose one or two of thosethat being said , after a short look at the game files , a 5 year old can mod this gameso who caresits fun and you should get itNOW :D"
,Recommended,281990,22896104,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VRxist,Stellaris is probably the most epic software in Gameform. I have waited for a game that ties me in so much since the original Civ and Master of Orion 2 - this is greater than great- I am so happy that after a mere good 25 years of stratigy gaming there are still this groundbreaking gems- <3 PARADOX <3
76561198008847733,Recommended,281990,22896370,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Strategist,"While I'm terrible at it, this game is an absolute blast, with funny references here or there, and so many moving parts, it makes managing a space empire an absolute amazing experience.tl;dr If you don't own it, buy it. If you own it, play it."
76561198002677845,Recommended,281990,22894682,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,domz,"Great game, there is a bit of learning curve but the tutorial system is pretty good and you get into the swing of things fairly quickly. If you enjoyed the Civ games undoubtedly you will enjoy Stellaris."
,Recommended,281990,22890281,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,CooperTeam,"Stellaris is a much more strategy detailed, more tactics detailed, more resource detailed game that most other space/strategy games can't even compair. I should know, I own the following games...EmpyrionEndless SkyEndless SpaceEvochron MercenaryGalactic Civilization IIIMaster Of Orion (2016)Salvation ProphecySpace EngineersStar Nomad 2Star RulerStar Wars - Empires At WarStar WolvesStar Wolves 2Star Drive 2Starpoint GeminiStarpoint Gemini 2Starpoint Gemini WarlordsStellar ImpactX RebirthYargis - Space MeleeAnd Stellaris just outplays them all.My biggest thing is that you can choose from a few hundred planets to 1000 planets to explore, servey, colonize, scan, research, and mine. You can also choose how the galaxy is shaped. Alone with all of this, you can have up to 17 enemies and choose from over 30 alien life forms to conquor the known universe.You can also choose from the pre-designed leader, or design your own and choose from a set of traits, skills, and even choose from pictures you would like your alien to look like, your planet to look like, even choose and design your own flag.Combat is pretty straight forward, aim your ships to the target and the combat is automatic, although you can choose how you want your fleets to attack. This is also true for ground combat. The only downside is that you need to have a combat leader before you can setup a squad.The only real issue you have to deal with (Although I like the idea) is that your leaders can age and grow old and finally die. This is something that is real and yet gives the game more additional strategy, so you can't just make a character and then hope for the best, you got to watch your characters as they progress through the game.Overall a great strategy game where you have to watch everything and keep up with everything that is going on. Many really cool options to choose from and plenty of action going on even in the background."
76561198071938448,Recommended,281990,22891330,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BIGTEX285,"I saw Scott Manley, had made a couple videos about this game on his channel. Immediately went to Steam to pre-order. 12 hours in on release date and I have to force myself to get off, otherwise I won't sleep tonight..."
,Recommended,281990,22890317,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,beer fish,Pretty cool so far!
76561198009802417,Recommended,281990,22894134,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Qmicic,I Got Destroyed by AI :) - I Love it! This game is by far the best space grand strategy game i've ever played.
,Recommended,281990,22894146,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Raven,"I was never really a fan of the 4X genre but i have to say this game has such an engaging learning curve, nothing too much or overwhelming at start (because i feel i wanna play and not learn for hours) and as soon as you master the basics the diversity kicks in and you can plan how you are willing to manage your empire. Having so much fun so far, i can totally recommend for GS enthusiasts and casuals as well."
76561197998255697,Recommended,281990,22892952,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,KrisJay,"Excellent voyage into the unknown universe. Create your race to be the way you want, give them traits and techlology and expand into the stars. Discover and conquer or doscover and be friends with other AI or human controlled races. And this is just the beginning..."
76561198103676988,Recommended,281990,22892452,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Royal-Infidel,"Great game. Very Simple to learn, I guess there should be more to it.Mad a fleet of 30 ships had the same strength as the enemy 800 v 800. I lost while the enemy still had 400 strength wot?Been looking for a conquer and expand space game for a while"
76561198108153190,Recommended,281990,22888010,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,The Real McCoy,Making Space great again since 2200.
,Recommended,281990,22888272,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[BIN] Red Ranger,"Fantastic game, very customisable and very interactive, I'd very highly reccomend this game and I have no current complaints about it."
,Recommended,281990,22889103,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[Robert],"It's a brilliant blend of various genres, mostly strategies/4x: Civ (4, 5, BE), Alpha Centauri, GalCiv 2 (haven't played 3), Spore (space age), Masters of Orion, Sins of a Solar Empire, and of course EU (3 and 4 particuilarly).It has extreme attention to detail, superbly intelligent design, envigorating voice acting, sound effects, artwork, narratives, and even quests/assignments!There is tremendous amount of depth and immersion, without the horrible tediousness and learning curve of many of the games amalgamated in to this masterpiece. The UI is gorgeous and fluid, incorporating obvious notes from pros and cons of prior UI methods. The tutorial is fun and actually helpful.This comes from someone who is extremely difficult to please, and tends to bounce from one game to another in an search for satisfaction - I'll be stuck on this for the next 500+ hours.My only regret is not pre-ordering the Nova or Galaxy Editions, as I was wary of being disappointed."
,Recommended,281990,22889140,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Parabolic Dreams,"All hail Blorg, space friends."
76561198008414212,Recommended,281990,22909944,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Safe-Keeper,"Updated after 40+ hours of gameplay.In short: Stellaris is an engaging and hugely promising 4X game. It's a blast to play, and does a masterful job at combining 4X and Paradox-style grand strategy. Patches and DLCs will only make it better.=== The good ===Graphics and artwork are great, and the music is simply wonderful. They both set the mood so well, along with all the ""plot events"" related to anomalies your research ships discover and various random events like the ones you find in EU, HOI, and CK.Exploration gameplay consists mainly of assigning scientists to research projects and science ships and using them to explore the galaxy and unlock new techs. The random nature of both anomalies, story events, and technologies sets an atmosphere of exploration and disocvery, and you really feel like you're a species setting off to brave the cosmos. There is great variation and creativity in the techs and story events, too. I also love how there are three means of travelling between systems and that you have to pick one and stick with it for the whole game.The way you decide on policies, ethics and government types for your species reminds me of other Paradox games, and helps make the various speces feel diverse and immersing while also having a significant impact on what you can and cannot do in-game, increasing replayability value.You also manage your ""pops"" and buildings on planets, and use a Stars!-esque ship designer to design your ships. Battles are largelly automated, so winning them depends on good ship designs and finding a good fleet composition.It should also be noted that the game is incredibly stable, both in single-and multi-player. There's apparently a bug where your friends may not see the gamer you're hosting, but we fixed it by simply launching a hosted game for then to use Steam to send an invite directly to the person who was to join.=== The bad ===Earlier I complained about user interface and balance -- these have been improved by patches. The game still doesn't have the depth of the rest of the PDX games, but is still incredibly fun.One problem is the lack of victory conditions beyond the ones requiring conquest, however, which is a particularly big problem when playing as a pacifist species.The main problem with the game in my eyes is the lack of depth we've come to love in PDX's games. Diplomacy has been improved greatly by patches, but warfare still easily becomes a battle between stacks of doom.Also, the various species lack personality. They basically all play the same pretty much regardless of how you design them. Far from the differences between the nations in Crusader Kings II, for example.All told, however, I find this to be a *great* 4X game, and I can't wait to see what Paradox has up its sleeve for patches and DLCs!"
76561198202542396,Recommended,281990,27907912,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OP-2 Wolf,Honestly is one of the best strategy games ive ever played and wouldnt mind pouring another 250 hours in
76561198036003373,Recommended,281990,30996378,Posted: 7 April,all,Knispel,"i used to spend alot of time playing around win Sins of a Solar empire, which was a great game in itself and had some little depth to ship combat as well as managing an empire, but i found myself looking alot at mods to keep the game intresting (not that this is a bad thing)but with this, this game filled everything that SoSE i guess never got around to doing, the depth of events, cultres races, heros and the list goes on makes it always something popping to keep you busy, only thing maybe i thought i would add more was more types of ship classes and bodies (but hey theres a mod for that in the worship! ^_^)anyone looking for a great Space Stragity game, look no more, this is your fix."
,Recommended,281990,30996630,Posted: 7 April,all,❤ Singo,"I realize now that this is the game i wanted Galactic Civilizations III to be.Stellaris is vast, complex and deep, but very accessible. With constant updates it keeps getting better!This game is incredibly fun, but can be very time consuming."
,Recommended,281990,30996800,Posted: 7 April,all,alphabravocharlie4,A good 4x strategy game that is slowly but steadily becoming a great one as every update brings much needed improvements. All we have to wait for now is espionage and super weapons. I'm also hopping for stealth and covert ops
,Recommended,281990,28731024,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,gigert9,"Without a doubt the most impressive 4X game I've ever played. Never in my time playing various iterations of the Civilization franchise, Command & Conquer, Age of Empires, or any other similar title have I encountered a more difficult AI. Playing this game on the most simplistic difficulty setting will still leave you racking your brain for the solutions that left you with all these problems. A single misstep in the beginning of the campaign will come back to haunt you with detrimental catastrophe so much farther along in the campaign that you have no hope of figuring out what that crucial mistake could have been. I was floored by the delightfully complex need to micromanage everything all the way down to the planetary level. Even when getting to the point of a campaign in which it becomes necessary to establish sectors within your galactic empire, one must still monitor the growth of people as well as their political opinions and agendas. A magnificent title that I would recommend on sale, at full price, or even at a higher dollar value. What a marvelous game. Truly.Five Stars"
76561198046257915,Recommended,281990,23073374,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GringoDeSanLuis,"Now I know most people won't read this. Due to the fact that there are plenty of other reviews on the page that will go into much more detail. But for those of you who do find yourself reading my review, know that this is an amazing game. Though not for everyone. The main reason I recommended this at all is because I love paradox games and know with time this game will only become better. People say when you hit your lowest point the only way to go is up. Well that's stellaris. It's low point is already miles ahead of other games, and still has so much room to grow. If you like previous games by paradox and don't mind the DLC, get it. If you're on the fence or weren't a big fan of the others, wait for a sale. But at some point this game should be in your library."
76561198067251264,Recommended,281990,23073457,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Zachev,"There are many issues with this game, but holy crap it's been a long time since I've played a game for 12 hours straight on my first session.  Issues aside, this is a great game that will get better with a little love from the devs.Some of the issues I've noticed are:-Mid game border cluster♥♥♥♥s where you can't really interact with people you don't have a border with.  (Without getting military access to space that lies inbetween you, the devs have stated they are working on this.)-Mediocre Ai that are great in some areas and terrible in others. (Ai are also too passive in some situations and highly predictable from a diplomatic POV.)-Lack of any form of major diplomatic UI such as color coding alliances, Ai's opinion of other factions, ect.-Too few victory conditions?  (This is more my personal opinion, just look at how many ways you can win in Civ)-Lack of internal/external trading.There are certainly a few more, but I believe these are the major points.All in all, I've put nearly 60 hours into a game that was released just under 2 weeks ago.  The UI is pretty good in most areas, and it was surprisingly easy to pick up when compared to Paradox's other games.  I've thoroughly enjoyed this game so far and I can't wait to see what future updates and expansions are on their way."
76561198066885007,Recommended,281990,23074243,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[7]LatroVulpez,"This game has been one of the funnest 4x stategies I have ever experienced. There are a few mechanics and things that need to fix, but I still love it. This game has endless replay quality and I love exploring the galaxies! As Paradox has stated, they will continue to patch the game and add new content in the future IF enough people play and buy the game. If you don't like the game now, maybe you will like it later. I look forward to experiencing this game for many years to come!"
,Recommended,281990,23074281,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Natas Dog,"Good game crippled by a bad UI.  A lot of things 4X players would expect to see such as auto-explore options for scout ships weren't even in at launch.  The planet/sector management interface is sorely lacking in sorting options.  There is no interface to view potentially colonizable planets, and the only way to do so is by hovering over the galaxy map looing for green planet icons that disappear if you zoom too far out.That said, the events and race designs are really well done, though the AI seems to balk at the eXpand portion of the 4x genre.  Almost 200 years into a playthrough there were still a LOT of habitable planets on the edge of the galaxy that were sitting uncolonized.  The endgame threats are cool though, and I'm looking forward to what the game will look like in 3-6 months with some TLC centered on the mid game lull and UI shortcomings."
76561197995957580,Recommended,281990,23074319,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hector131,"I've been enjoying Stellaris a lot so far, but I have a few issues with it:+Epic Scale, the largest galaxies can have 1000 Star Systems, each with multiple planets+Beautiful Graphics, the battles look great, weapon effects and sounds are good for the most part+Customization of Species traits, Government, Appearance, Names etc.+Ship design, a very user friendly ship design+Multiple interesting events and locations to explore+Different FTL systems that really change how you play and explore the Galaxy+Long term epic strategy, you can take a species that you discover on a planet from Iron Age tech up to eventually be assimilated into your Empire as an equal member-species (It takes a long time, but I've done it!)-Limit of 5 planets (Initially, can be increased through tech) that you directly manage. You have to create 'sectors' to control more. The AI that manages you sectors really sucks, I had to take a system out of a sector and manage it myself for a while then put it back it as the AI wasn't doing anything I asked it to do. I supplied the sector with plenty of resources to build up those planets within its control.-No tech tree, you get a draw of 3 techs to research (initially, you receive more through exploring and tech upgrades) It makes it hard to plan out what tech you want to research initially, but with further play this might be less of an issue-limited trade with other species, I had a surplus of energy and shortage of minerals, but I couldn't trade away my surplus fast enough to supplement my mineral requirements. The AI usually wants to have a better deal than you are getting otherwise it will reject it. Also, sometimes they won't even trade with you despite you giving them a huge advantage, they still feel insulted that you offered them that deal??-AI for enemies sucks because they all hate you for going for the win conditions. Its really annoying actually."
76561197973892545,Recommended,281990,23132345,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Haffsack,I love this game. I have not played very long. There are some problems I have with it.First... I will edit later.I declared a war on a race and was winning. Next thing I know we had a truce that I did not agree to and my military fleet is now lost in enemy space until an unknown time. What?Still a awesome game and I'd buy a game like this 1000 times before I'd ever buy a turn based game.
76561198009625167,Recommended,281990,23076939,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,yazah,"Giving this a tentitive yes. I only played through once so probably missed a lot of things my first go around.The good:Basically this is ""epic"" mode for any other 4x strategy game. It takes a long time to do things and there's usually a lot going on to distract you from your plans.Great depth with good story elementsEasy to learn and get started, but lots of depth later onChallenging but not always in a good way - lots of domestic management opportunities but few options to actually control and influence.The BadIt takes away a lot of planning capabilities so you just kind of float around hoping you roll someting good.No research structure. Random choices appear, but there's not ability to strategically focus on any one area.Not many levers for when you get in trouble. All micromanagement is forced out of your hands (you can only actively manage 5 planets at a time which tend to become your main sources of income.Lots of choices but no clear meaning or impact to what you decide. Eventually you just stop caring.Boring mid-game. You've already outsourced all your planets to your districts to manage, so there's not a lot to do but research and maybe wage war (if you can afford it).Overall 7/10 but could definitely be awesome with a few patched gameplay tweaks"
76561198060005384,Recommended,281990,23146453,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,MiamiHurricane,Great fun 4x game from a great company who made EU4....very great. Have fun
76561197973998975,Recommended,281990,23077134,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,the1sean,Over 100 hours in the first week. I love this game.
76561197972091657,Recommended,281990,23134666,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rhia,"The little game that could.I bought this game thinking ""eh it will be fun for a little bit till Total War comes out with Warhammer"" little did I know how much depth was in this game. Its everythign I love about games like Galactic Civ and Sins of a Solar Empire but with so much more depth and endless possibility,The amount of fun little easter eggs in the game as well always make each game unique, homages to Star Trek, Xcom, even Hitchikers Guide show the Dev teams passion for Sci Fi that goes beyond the ""pop culture"" top dogs.Well worth the money, ive not been able to put it down  since I bought it, ive already gotten way more value for my dollar than I expected."
76561198090908737,Recommended,281990,23147511,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,adamdt2007,"THe game is amazing as is. I know some say that it needs more but it think that it is already really great. The future updates will just add to it and make it that much better, it wi worth the money for what it is now and it will only get better."
76561198011602389,Recommended,281990,23119579,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Lethbridge,"I love 4X games.  MOO2 or Alpha Centauri being the gold standard.  This game has ecliped both.  The depth is amazing, and will only get better as DLC and content is released.  I have encountered some bugs, but none were game breaking.    I hbave 500+ hours in EU4, a historical sandbox game by the same publisher, Paradox."
,Recommended,281990,23134354,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Xenmos,"I would highly reccomend this game, however i feel that there needs to be more crisis events on planets, like a lot more crazy stuff can happen on the planet you know, another thing which could use rebalancing is the AI needs th be more aggresive/passive depending on the idiologies.Other than that hella good game, found mole people, wish there was more crazy events and crisis' though."
76561198014733133,Recommended,281990,23139099,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,travik {nl},It's a very addictive game. It takes some time to explore all the options in the game and that is what makes it so interesting.
76561198076579730,Recommended,281990,29070898,Posted: 6 January,all,Schwabinomicon,Best space based 4x game on the market. Lets hope the devs keep pumping out content.
76561198112351266,Recommended,281990,29072368,Posted: 6 January,all,C/\MER0N,"Stellaris is a really fun game. Unfortunately it isn't perfect, and has a long way to go before it is. The game firstly needs some bug fixes, some of which to fix game breaking bugs. And Stellaris also needs improvement in the mid game, as you find yourself just sitting there. But this game will continue to be improved, and I highly reconmend it."
76561197993768556,Recommended,281990,27161295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Aussie Stig,Like sins? Like civ? try this!
,Recommended,281990,25887870,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,cwells1604,"Immersive and entertaining, a game of Stellaris is whatever you want it to be. I’ve tried to play through with a number of combinations of traits, and more often than not, I’ve failed – at least the first time – because I haven’t been able to adjust my playing style well enough.It’s a good start to a game I’ll be playing for a long time – and here’s to hoping that the on-going DLCs only make Stellaris better."
76561198013092889,Recommended,281990,26263003,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,maca47,"If Stellaris were to be a turn-based game, it would most definitely become one of those one-more-turn addictions. But it's not. That's why it's a one-more-hour addiction... ""why is the sun rising? it was just going down moments ago""After several hours into patch 1.3 I know am 100% sure this game is going into the right direction. I also recommend the DLCs (especially when on sale) as they add quite alot feeled content even if the facts don't look like it."
,Recommended,281990,29412665,Posted: 21 January,all,Mr. Grips,Have you ever wanted to know what it was like for the rulers of the Old Republic? Have you longed for the bureaucracy of the Federation? Have you ever wanted to sail oddly shaped starships through the systems of the universe? Then this game is for you.Also probably a good game if you want to make a civilization of furries.
,Recommended,281990,29418251,Posted: 22 January,all,Mikes_Vices,"My first Steam Review on my first 4x game (seems quite fitting).I'll start off with aTL;DR...if you want a quality game withbothbeautiful audioandvisuals, whichalsoincludes fun gameplay with massive replayability, justbuy this now.I was a little nervous when I first started the game.  Never having played a game in the genre before, I wanted towin!  I started/re-started two games of about 30 minutes each, just to get the hang of basic functions.  Third time was the charm and as of this writing, I'm about 20-some-odd hours into my firsttrueplay through.  I realized quite quickly that it didn't really matter if Iwonor not as a beginner...the journey is just so much fun.I'm playing fairly conservatively, just looking out for my peoples and not ruffling any feathers.  I have not been into any battles with any other species but have amassed enough territory, resources, and a strong enough fleet that I am more powerful than many of the species that dislike me.  I am also friendly with over half of all of the advanced species, so I feel like I could easily gain support if I need it.Regardless of how it all plays out, I am looking forward to either continuing to victory or to my next play through.  With so many choices to make due to the options provided, my next ""warlike"" tribe will decimate all who oppose me.  Then religious zealots who will convert everyone into happiness.  After getting comfortable with a few different playstyles, it'll be multiplayer time, where I can try my hand with non-AI counterparts.  I absolutelylovethis game, and I'm glad that I took the chance on it.  You should take the chance as well.If you made it this far, thanks for taking the time to read my ramblings.  I don't know how this compares to other games in the genre, but I can whole heartedly recommend this to anyone who loves video games, has a bit of imagination, patience, and is ready for an amazing adventure.  Easy to pick up, hard to put down (I now know the ""one more turn"" mentality), this game is downrightspectacular!"
76561197978278581,Recommended,281990,26592373,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Roger Wilco,"I love it, im 180 hours into this game and I cant stop playing."
76561198046392103,Recommended,281990,23013948,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Your3rdShadow,"Update: Feburary 24This game is always changing. I'm given to understand that this is standard procedure for the developer Pardox Studios, and honestly, I approve. They started with a strong but ultimetly shallow game, and they've added more depth, honed the aspecs that worked, and are/will get rid of what doesn't. It's a good game, and it's only getting better.If your a fan of Sci-fi, Stellaris is like a mash up of all the great science fiction tropes, stories, and worlds. Referances and nods to all the great works of fiction that made me love this genre, done in a way that lets me create my own stories. With the 1.5 update I feel they'll have made huge strides in making the politics of running a space empire feel important, they're adding ways to make your empire more unique with Ascention paths, mega structures that could define your people as the wonders of their time, and traditions that could help you narrow down the core values of your people. Or you could just make a hive mind and forget all that nonsense. THE HIVE MIND IS ALL"
76561198025091739,Recommended,281990,27843147,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,clockro4ch,"There is nothing I could say what others haven't said yet.Stellaris has it's own share of problems of course. It's a bit boring in midgame, and it needs a few mods to be what it can be - as is usual for a Paradox title.Despite this, this is THE space strategy game. It has better immersion than anything else I've ever played despite being a fan of the genre.Worth a buy, without doubt."
,Recommended,281990,23077184,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Wicloz,*engaging hostile fleet**station under attack**station under attack**construction ship under attack**evading hostile fleet**situation log updated**engaging hostile fleet*
76561197999662765,Recommended,281990,22956591,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Phixius,If all the great 4X Space Games had a big sexual space orgy - this would be the result.Sure it's still a bit messy here and there but thats an orgy for you.
76561198019965815,Recommended,281990,22959579,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,justinphelps6,I just figured out how to play this game.
76561198057013675,Recommended,281990,23020012,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SS4Shepard,Iz fun. Go play.
,Recommended,281990,23023386,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,kuyadreシ,>Build 20k fleet>Have 6 vassals>Declare war on Fallen Empire>They jump into every one of my system with 20k+ fleets>Struggle to fight them>Win one battle> Fleet gets wiped>Get humiliated11/10 would play again
,Recommended,281990,23027034,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Grimenart,-Play as xenophile spiritual space Khajits-Find a planet with pre-sentient mollusc species-Try to uplift pre-sentinet mollusc species into proper intergallactic species-Fail to colonize planet since every space already taken by pre-sentient mollusc species-Fail to clear space since purging is prohibited for xenophiles-Terraform planet into another type killing half of it's pre-sentinet population-Colonise planet and bring joys of being sentient to survived molluscs10/10 will bring joys of being sentinet to everyone
76561198005679243,Recommended,281990,23027480,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kajdav,"Good game, but pretty bare and simple so far.  I'm sure Paradox will treat this baby well for years to come, as they did with EUIV.  I'm excited to see what comes down the pipe in the coming months."
76561198007248185,Recommended,281990,22980207,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Antee9116,"The race designer is fantastic, offering plenty of different ways of exploring and dominating the galaxy. The early game exploration phase is brilliant and to be honest, doesn't really need any serious improvements with plenty of interesting events and quest chains. The moment where you meet your first alien civilisation never gets old, will they be friends or arch enemies? The mid-game is where things get a little bit stale, with the diplomacy and politics being rather shallow. However, I still find them enjoyable and there is plenty of room to make it better later on down the line. The AI is an area of weakness. Usually its competent but on occasions it can be incredibly stupid. Fortunately, Paradox are releasing a patch to fix the more serious flaws soon. There are definitely bugs, although I personally have yet to find a serious or game breaking one. At the moment the game is definitely lacking depth in places, but I'm still having a hell of a time and would recommend anyone who has even a vague interest to give this game a go."
76561198122511723,Recommended,281990,22904507,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,peteyb,"My hours on record may not be high, but I don't have time to play games anyway.  However, the hours I spent going through the files and seeing how much customization I can do and playing around with personal mods is probably equal to my game time.  I find that stuff fun and interesting and I'm only now just getting into it all.The vanilla game is awesome, and the fact that I can totally customize it makes it amazing.If you like grand strategy games or any paradox games it is definitely worth it."
76561198013026097,Recommended,281990,22906677,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Captain,"Created a sentient pacifist fungus, exterminated my neighbors. 10/10"
,Recommended,281990,22886691,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Lompocus,"Paradox has delivered, buy now."
76561198072033753,Recommended,281990,22904198,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Space Pope,Stellaris- What Sid Meyer's Beyond Earth Could have been.Essentially a Paradox Interactive game that plays like Endless Legend- all the best parts of Civilization with combat that makes sense.Learning curve is significantly lower than it is in other Paradox Interactive games although i have hundreds of hours in Europa Universailles IV so this opinion may be skewed.9/10 With DLC sure to come.
76561197974847954,Recommended,281990,22904192,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Spacture,"This game is incredibly well crafted. If you like strategy and space, then I highly recommend this game. It is easily the golden standard of large scale space strategy. Summary: On the fence? Buy it.Frankly, I can't believe they got a game this ambitious, this well executed. There is a sharp learning curve early on (highly recommend using the Full tutorial aid) but once you understand the basic mechanics of the game, the game comes into it's own. Will update again after more play."
76561197968684127,Recommended,281990,22891710,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Ele,"As a fan of Civ, I've often failed to get into space-based 4X games... Not the case with Stellaris. There is a bit of a learning curve, but less than that of Beyond Earth. The game is intuitive, and the tutorial is excellent - and dynamic. You aren't forced to follow a specific path even in learning the game. This game also nails the balance between war, civil development and diplomacy perfectly - all feel entirely viable and, at some point, necessary, to success. Would absolutely recommend based on what I've played so far."
,Recommended,281990,22898239,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,GrizzledSteel,"I made Space Pope, Enslaver of Aliens and purger of disgusting mushrooms."
76561197970371516,Recommended,281990,22898336,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mavor,Just one damn good 4x'er/grand strat game.Fun stuff like the following happens:Elevated some floating jellyfish who were stuck in the dark ages.Years later Im at war and being beaten pretty badly.Jellies show up unannounced with their fleet and turn the tide - causing us to win the war.Glad I spent all that time to help the little guys out ;)
76561198067358625,Recommended,281990,22897753,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mr.Grim83,A great Sci-fi 4X grand strategy.
76561198289171004,Recommended,281990,23202620,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ErnestJeon,Good!
76561198038776999,Recommended,281990,30967059,Posted: 5 April,all,Crogster,"I play a lot of games, I mean 6 hours a night and all day saturday and sundays about 50 - 60 hours a week. This game is possibly the best game I have ever played. It reminds me of a browser game i used to play a few years ago and when I was playing that i imagined how future game would be... this game has surpassed that. A* Game!!!!"
,Recommended,281990,30962647,Posted: 5 April,all,The_Silver_Fox,This strategy game is well built and super addicting. I love playing it! Endless possibilities!
76561198045656460,Recommended,281990,30949192,Posted: 4 April,all,Shrek's Massive Wang,I like to enslave and then murder everyone.10/10
76561198021708061,Recommended,281990,30951741,Posted: 4 April,all,daft73,"I have owned this game for some time now, and can say it is pretty solid. There is a learning curve, though you can say this for most 4X games, that said, it is familiar enough to just step in a give a go. I can recommend this game to those seeking a reasonable challenge, and enjoy long games that involve war and peace time events of which this title will deliver."
,Recommended,281990,22998806,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Huntteri,"I have not played other paradox Grand Strategy games.Have not playd the new master of orion but this game fills the need for good Space 4X for me and for paradox game this is very approachable for new players although some familiarity with other 4X games will help.Game is not perfect but very very good.+ Research system, lots of technologies and no fixed tech tree+ Exploration,+ Random stuff and its writing (planet full of drug addicts was not pleasent suprise)UPDATE after the DLC Story PackEven better! Playing this over Civilization 6. Mostly because prefer the Sci-Fi setting.They added much more content to the mid-game alround improved the gaming experience."
76561198053402582,Recommended,281990,33000329,Posted: 29 June,all,Mister Fisk,"The game is fun at the beginning when all your traits make you feel special, but it gets stupid boring at the end game when you basically have to murder the other factions doomstack fleet to win. In my 50+ hours I haven't finnished one playthrough.Maybe if they added a bit more rush at the end or a smarter AI it would be able to make a home run in my book."
76561198052843064,Recommended,281990,31099853,Posted: 12 April,all,Sethrael,"""From the Sun comes Life. From Life comes Death. From Death comes the Dust. From the Dust is born a new Sun. Such is will of Anaar, that which is all and none, the beginning and end, the Watcher of Creation and Chaos. In its unending dream may we find purpose. In its fearful shadow may we spread throughout the cosmos."" -Excerpt from the Book of Ntuloak, Holy Text of the Anaari.Okay, so there is my little contribution to the science fiction atmosphere of this surprisingly deep game. Stellaris is a Grand Strategy game. Unlike other strategy games involving squads of soldiers flung at the opposing team's base, Stellaris puts you in the shoes (figuratively speaking) of the ruler of species in cosmic space. From there, you will be in charge of growing your civilization throught the galaxy. Whether this is by scientific discovery, spiritual diplomacy, or militaristic conquest, the choice is yours for how you choose to rule the stars.Stellaris has a rather steep learning curve. Expect to have several playthroughs before finally finding a government type that suits your tastes. I personally chose the egalitarian and xenophile approach (I am a nice person, can't help it). They might be digitized pixels, but I prefer to be on the good side of cosmic entities.There is a considerable amount of resource management to Stellaris; do not expect the game to be fast-paced. A great deal of patience is required for a successful playthrough. The fascinating thing about Stellaris is that it is much like a black hole; by the time you realize you are being pulled in, it has already consumed you. The game offers a rich, storytelling experience in the same skein as Sunless Sea, where the story develops as a constantly evolving narrative. Your culture does not stagnate. The research options available, coupled with the anomalous events in space, can have drastic and sometimes dire consequences depending upon the choices you make.Stellaris is a fascinating mixture of space sim, empire builder, resource management, and civics simulator.  If you are a fan of wandering through the stars and creating your own story amidst breathtaking beauty, it is definitely worth the purchase. See you in Space!"
76561198059526212,Recommended,281990,32996602,Posted: 29 June,all,Adventures5,"Hands down one of the best games that I've played in a long time. LOTS of twists and turns. When Stellaris is described as a ""Grand space opera"", that's the hands down best description. I've poured 270 hours in this game so far, and I can't get enough. Keep exploring, keep unlocking the secrets, and never forget that you are just dust."
76561198007214801,Recommended,281990,33216978,Posted: 3 July,all,Bradley Letton,"Very well designed game.The graphics are excellent, particularly when exploring the galaxy and all the solar systems within it. The gameplay is simple and easy to learn. I didn't do the tutorial so I figured out most things for myself.It's great to have to find a balance between resource gathering, number of colonies and creating sectors to control them. The space battles are lovely and fun to watch.Being able to customise and create your own civilisations or modify the in-game ones is excellent. My one issue here is maybe needs more range of ship design for different species, but maybe that's included in the DLC's I havent purchased yet.Overall, I'm thoroughly enjoying this game. It's taken me away from World of Tanks at least."
,Recommended,281990,23097523,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Pink Zeppelin,"Well, I have been managing 12.3 hours per day since it came out, and it is fun.My main hang up is that the game is a bit unfinished and it needs more fine tuning in how the sectors work. Mid-game content is somewhat lacking, as it seems all of the events were made for the beginning and the end of the game.Besides that, everything is extremely fun, especially preparing for war."
,Recommended,281990,23097327,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[FSG] Apache49,"Built the United States of Humanity.  Created the Freedom Federation with three other ""democratic crusader"" nations.  Uplifted a species of hyper-aggressive bear people, modified them genetically to be extremely strong and resilient, then made them into Space Marines under the command of a couple of Russian psychopaths altered to live for three hundred years and be the ultimate generals.  Spread freedom and democracy to everything in sight with grand armada of the Freedom Federation.  Now, embroiled in unending three-way war with the Tyrannids (well, technically Prethoryns) and a massive empire of crab people who think all other life in the galaxy is an abomination.Just get this game.  There's really nothing else like it."
76561198025280714,Recommended,281990,26586627,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ambusher,"A good game with great potentials. The baseline is there, but it needs improvemnts.Pros:- Good technology development idea (Semi-random cards).- Atmosphere.- Government types, edicts, ethos and its effects on empire level.- Preferred planet types.- Ship designs.Cons:- Fights involves no tactics, just bigger and better designed army wins.- Species does not vary one from another (Biggest let down for me), all use same tech tree, same approaches.- Leader limits, but why. (Makes no sense, if I have proper economy, I should be able to hire as many as I want)- Tech is mostly for army level, not good improvements are introduced for society level, and the ones for society does not affect enough.Neutral:- Sections. (AI does fair job but sometimes I want to control those planets)I think it is a good game, but can be much more."
,Recommended,281990,22889146,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Melnik,"Its just great. Play it and youll see.Its been awhile and the game is still great, nothing new."
76561198049087862,Recommended,281990,26932091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Richard Rumpel,"When I got this Game first I played for 26 hours straight, because who needs sleep when there are Xenos to purge!Then Leviathans came out and it hooked me again even thou Civ VI came out as well, but the DLC adds so much exciting new stuff that I just had to purge Xenos againNow Utopia is out and boy, not only can I purge those Xenos, I can eat them, and my pepole love to eat Xenos. It's awesome really."
,Recommended,281990,31071690,Posted: 10 April,all,brian.t.beswick,"Pretty good game, but none of my achievements are working."
,Recommended,281990,23033685,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Agraya,It's like one more turn civ syndrome except you never get the opportunity to think about stopping. I lost about a day without realizing it. There's still some interface and balance issues that could use some work.makes me forget about the burden of existence/10
,Recommended,281990,31041725,Posted: 9 April,all,Auchit,Fun game but not the best of the space 4x style.I also get tired of the DLC $$$ drain.  Wait a year or two and pick it and the DLC up on deep sale.
,Recommended,281990,23087539,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,bïorn,Built an islamic caliphate. Purged all the infidels. 10/10 realism. Allahu akbar!
76561198004197194,Recommended,281990,22907285,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tainlorr,"I found a planet of mollusks in the stone age, so I built an observation post to spy on them without intervening.One day, one of my researchers goes down to the planet to pick some mushrooms or something, and he gets lost and doesn't come back.50 years later, the whole planet is united under a Prophet from God, the empire has internet and electricity, and they are on a warpath towards me... Luckily, an asteroid starting heading towards them, and they didn't have the tech to stop it. I had to choose whether or not they deserved to be saved.Now I have a fresh new planet with no warmongering mollusks or rogue researchers."
76561198094924083,Recommended,281990,22914902,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Icesoul122,"Do you like 4x strategy games? Do you like strategy games? Do you like games? If you answered any of this questions with ''Yes'' or ''No'', buy this game."
76561198086587390,Recommended,281990,22921080,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Russian Hyper Hippie,Absolutly love this game!!!!! Nice one Paradox.
76561197965578815,Recommended,281990,22930634,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Elmo,What happend? why is the Sun shining in my face? i had dinner and started the game and... woa its 2 days later!
76561198018881676,Recommended,281990,30980707,Posted: 6 April,all,DiCtAtOr,brings together several good points from several other games all in all its better than its predessecors. exploration is a thing unlike no man's sky. although don't expect to play and finish it in a few hours the game length is similar to the axis and allies board game.
,Recommended,281990,27632478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trick,Best space 4x by a long shot.
76561197970507099,Recommended,281990,27772285,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Emplate,"It has the faults that a new series generally has, but Paradox continues to make it better.  Feels really good to take out your first fallen empire or to get a great starting system overall lot's of replayability and if you enjoy this type of game it is entertaining"
76561198083601494,Recommended,281990,25833091,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"Made a militaristic, collectivist, materialist military junta of humans and commited enough genocide that would make stalin and hitler look like amatuers 10/10 would purge the alien heretic again"
,Recommended,281990,27223489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ottergame,"Engrossing, fun game."
,Recommended,281990,27983511,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sils,"If the Unbidden ever visit your game, do what I did.Exit.Load the game 10 years earlierBuild a massive fleet to fight themFail miserablyStart a new gamePrepare for the worst, and build your ships so you can counter the unbiddenFail again.Start using the console"
76561198274172156,Recommended,281990,26376218,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,stunlocksans,"What I, a Filthy Casual, thinks:The last sci-fi strategy game I played was Galactic Civilizations III and this game is similar but with a lot more depth (and this game hasn't even been out as long right now so there are a host of free updates and expansion packs to look forward to). This review is not aimed at hardcore strategy players who are looking for their next tactical fix.+ Many species designs for your aesthestic pleasure+ Mix and match a variety government types+ A choice of galaxy sizes & shapes (blob/spiral arm/ring)+ Pre-space age planets (not other empires) that can be probed, enslaved or enlightened+ Make a fleet! Name the fleet! Name the ships! Name the Admiral! SEND IT TO WAR!+ Rename all the stars you own to goofy names and stupid references 'cos why not+ Micromanage EVERYTHING unlike real-life where you have no control+ Make sectors when your empire gets too big and micromanaging becomes a chore+ Optional pop-up missions (plotlines!) with various rewards+ A burgeoning modding community to add extra flavour+ Involved developers offering updates and new content in the future!- Limited tutorial, no in-game help- Can modify weapons on ships but cannot alter appearance like in GalCiv III- Diplomacy (pacifist) options limited and not fun. Can't make friends easily like in Civilization- Seriously, why do all my neighbouring empires hate me?! THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW ME.- For scaredy cats: cannot avoid hostiles early in-game (no option to turn them off)- For impatient people: cannot hammer out a game in a day like in CivilizationWord to the one sitting on the fence:If you've never played a 4X or grand strategy game before, or are a Filthy Casual like me, this game does kind of throw you into the deep end a little. The game isn't turn-based, it runs time like The Sims with pause, slow, faster options (recommended: pause when making decisions and reading stuff).Anyway, don't feel scared to potter around in a couple false starts games in order to get to grips with the game mechanics before you look up a few Beginner's Tutorials. From there on, when you encounter something you need more information, there is a really helpful community and forum archive available full of answers.If you're not afraid of time sinks, love exploring, love building and managing empires, and have the patience to play the long game then this game is definitely worth it (it's not even that expensive)."
,Recommended,281990,26561611,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-Fawxx-,15/10
,Recommended,281990,26158581,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Oryx,fun game. more so a fun party game if u got enough people with you.eitherway it's innovative from the rest of paradox's list of grand strategys (though all are) and it feels different each play through i do. i highly reccomend it if its on sale - even when it's not.never have i actually played a 4X space game before until stellaris. and really i see no reason to get any other since stellaris fills all the need to play any other space based 4X games. so props for that
,Recommended,281990,26369101,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,SeaFox,"A great 4x game that keeps getting better, the atmosphere is phenomenal, the game play simply sucks you in, and on top of it all it even better with friends if you can look past some clear desync issues. The race creation takes some getting used to, and I say that in terms of you finding what YOU want to play, while there are some clear combinations that make game play easier, there are none that guarantees victory, this alone makes every game seem different, we'll forth the money. And last but not least the molding community continues to push out some solid content that can fill in any holes you might find. Great game give it a go!"
76561198103166293,Recommended,281990,28250090,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[COCK] Kampfkoloss,"I like it, and the Developer continue to work on the game, its perfect. Every 2-3 Month new content."
76561198047296994,Recommended,281990,28996577,Posted: 3 January,all,Classy Dino,"Oh boy, here we go...War score system:Forcing you to play within the limitation of the war goal and also Capping the War score at 100 is stupid and illogical. We are essentially limiting a pan-galactic empire to the rules of some primitive feudal state. All this does is it artificially slows down the game by forcing wars to last centuries instead of a few years. Let us ignore the obvious thematic and logical issues of this design choice and just look at mechanics: This system works somewhat well when you are nothing but a couple of fledgling empires slugging it out in the local clusters, but once you have a large alliance or federation it becomes incredibly frustrating to play with. Here are some obvious ones: If you have more than 4 allies, it is almost impossible to make war against someone as most planets are worth ~20 warscore apiece.Diplomacy:This simply isn't fleshed out enough, there are no meaningful interaction between empires beyond the most simplistic ground rules (Alliance, enemies, rivals etc.). There isn't even a gifting/tribute system! I can give my allies a million credits/minerals and they will still not like me one bit better than if I did not. This also makes relationships relatively permanent outside of some trite predetermined 'diplomatic actions' like insult or rivalry. I can conquer the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of someone and as long as I don't personally keep any of the loot, they won't even bat an eye a year later.Technology Tree:There is no real way to influence which tech you get beyond memorizing the arcane multiplication table between researcher traits and the various gain rates. It makes zero thematic sense that the overlord of an empire cannot tell its researchers to put more effort into an area. I don't necessarily want a guaranteed chance, but at least give me a way to throw credits/influence to increase the probability of one of the techs showing up. I had the misfortune in my last game to be surrounded by 20+ arid planets but could not find the colonization tech to take them until well into the mid-late game. Incredibly frustrating, makes little logical sense and makes the game random in such a way that is unfun. It is entirely possible to have your race spawn in a corner of the galaxy without any naturally colonizable planets and then never get the colonization techs. This ends the game without you ever making a mistake..Technological Growth/Research:The time it takes to research a tech is increased by the number of pop you have in your empire. Logically, this is the OPPOSITE of what should happen in real life as more people tend to produce more scientists with more chances of discovering things. From a design point of view, this decision to tie population with tech only serves to punish players who prefer to be expansionist or who are aggressive early on. You have a technological edge if you have a small focused empire, since technology has no real limit in this game, this eventually just becomes a tax on every player. Thus, the only mechanical result of this design is to slow down games to a crawl. AI, as usual, does not appear to have this problem. It is also possible that their natural 'cheats' to research rate overcomes this in large part. In the last game I played, the larger enemies actually out tech'd me at a faster rate than the smaller ones (I'm behind even the smallest empire, even though I have every single one of my 122 planets focused on research).As a direct consequence of you always being technologically inferior to most of your rivals, you simply cannot allow a game to last longer than a century or so. The '5% tech' that you get at the end of the tech tree means that AI empires will infinitely out-scale you and eventually will overcome even the largest of industrial capacity disparities.Strategic Combat:There is no consequence in letting a fleet rampaging through your sectors. There is no concept of 'defending your territory'. Economic damage is almost irrelevant and even holding planets does not accomplish much at all. This is a huge problem when you are fighting large empires (30-40 planets or more) as fighting becomes tedious and inconsequential. This is especially true if you have hundreds of planets in the late game of large galaxies. The only objective that matters are the enemy's fleets and your only real war goal is to kill their big fleet stacks. If the AI raids a dozen of your planets but you nail his fleet, then you win. Period. Even if the warscore is -99%, you will still get your planets back as long as your fleet survives and his doesn't.There isn't' really a way to prevent a fleet from running through your systems either: Defensive stations tend to be pathetically weak compared to ships, they are also extremely expensive and difficult to stack. This leads to enemy AI sending dozens of tiny raiding parties into your territory, murdering everything they can get their hands on. Especially once they get jumpdrive tech.The only way to ensure victory against AI is to cluster your shipyards in one or two systems, put ALL of your defenses in those stations and always have a fleet nearby to protect it. The rest of your empire literally does not matter. As long as you have production capabilities, you will win every war. In fact, having as little assets outside of those few production sectors is key in not losing the war as you will still lose warscore by losing small and inconsequential space battles.If there is a single optimal way to win the strategic game, then your design is fundamentally flawed. This is compounded by the fact that AI excels at performing annoying but not game-winning actions.End game Crisis:This is only a crisis for you, Ai doesn't apparently care about any of the big galaxy ending events. You can't even tell your ally fleet to follow into combat against any of them, nor will they react diplomatically in anyway. I had my ally declaring multiple wars(or had rivals declaring wars on me even as they are being eaten alive by the threat) while I'm trying to deal with these events and nearly cost the game for me.Sectors(Flaw/bug): AI governors are dumb as bricks. At the same time, Sector automation is indispensable in this game. I've seen AI filling up planets with +23 food when the pop is already full (or even when the pop doesn't consume food, like synths and robots). Telling them to focus on a specific thing or telling them to respect tiles only seem to work some of the time. Very little work seems to have gone into making the sectors actually work properly.Strategically, the segregation between sector space assets and core world assets is also very annoying. You can't really tell sectors to produce ships because it becomes a nightmare to micro them without them showing up in the sidebar. This actually changes how one plays the game because warfleets are difficult/impossible to produce in non-core worlds and your production ends up being limited to how many core planets you possess. This becomes enormously problematic once your empire gets large - in large or gigantic maps, you can't produce ships fast enough to fight a 100+ planet empire because the AI apparently does NOT have this problem with user interface and micromanagement.This is just some of the things I noticed in my prelim play throughs. There are other things that I do not agree with but did not include because they are preference related.TL;DRStellaris is a really amazing 4x game and I think it has built the right foundations for one of the most amazing strategy games of all time. However, there are many questionable design choices in the game that I feel limits strategic variety or pidgeonholes the player in some illogical way. I for one am glad that paradox is embracing the modding community as it will take a tremendous amount of support from them to make this game truly meet its potential."
76561198086206447,Recommended,281990,28245047,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eltharrion,"Where to start.Stellaris is a real-time (or, real time ticks) strategy game of galactical proportions. There are no ""initial factions"" like Elves or Imperials or sentient salt crystals who would have their own special technology trees and strong points. Instead, you can create (or pick from lots of pre-made) a nation. You pick their racial strong and weak points, be it that they live shorter than average humans, breed lot faster or eat less. This is followed with picking your ideologies. You can be spiritual, collectivist, warfaring, materialist, options are quite wide. You can pick 0-3 of these, weak or strong traits. This is followed with what kind of rulership your people have. Spiritual demigod? Election every 10 years? Militaristic voting between high officials?Now, instead of having unique technology tree to follow, these traits and ruling systems actually control some of major technologies you can unlock. You're small-level collectivists? You might generate caste system. Extremely pacifistic? You'll get lot more peaceful diplomatic techs early on. Your people elect president? Perhaps you could allow migrated species to stand up for election as well.All the classical sci-fi techs are there, from hyperspace to antimatter missiles to fusion generators to terraforming. The developers and modders especially have even hidden tons and tons of easter eggs into the game as references to tropes and other series. (I mean, one of great catastrophies that can happen is that sentient AI rise against their creators. If that isn't a trope, what is?)What might throw people off is the fact that your technology options are ""randomized"". Every time you start a new development, you have from three to five options to pick. Personally, I find it interesting instead. It forces you to play bit different every time, since you can't just go ""okay develop exosuits, powered mining, systematic farming, science boost and space station upgrades in that order"" every time you play. It makes each playtime feel bit different.Stellaris shares lot with Crusader Kings and Civilization in sense that you easily go ""just one more action"". ""I'll stop after this one big project is over"", ""Just one more exploration"", ""Better get this war done since it's almost over"".Difficulty is real, AI easily wipes your ""big, strong fleets"" off the map if you start getting into wars flimsily. Also, instead of just walzing into war and seeing how it goes, one is forced to declare ""objectives"" of the war. For example, if you simply wish to slap your neighbor on the wrist for being stupid, you could go to war with objective ""shame them"" or ""destroy one fleet"". If you get enough points via battle against the enemy, you can ""trigger"" that war victory and the war ends. Of course, in some cases this backfires. Going to annihilation war against minor nation that is in alliance with someone is stupid, as you are forced to wait and wait, slowly killing their troops as they are created to get enough of those war points to actually buy the ""conquest"" over. But to me, that's just a thing that forces you to think. Going to war is not always so easy, and one has to think how much they really want to take in one go.Game is also quite fun with friend, especially if you set your nations to be quite close to each other, and have differenting traits. Personal favourite was a game where I played super-collectivist/war-liking ""hivemind bugs"", and my friend was extremely materialist xenolover. It was fun every time I went to war with someone, I simply kept building all the warships and my friend gave me materials for it. Just, be prepared that games are BIG. ""Medium"" game consist of at least 600 stars, and recommended number of empires is 12, with one to three so-called ""fallen"" empires (Empires that are millenias above you in technology and control superior areas, but they are already getting so old that they are dying out as a faction). Taking away only one empire can take hours of gameplay, even if you are zerg-rushing it. And once everyone has those giant empires with hundreds of ships under their control, well... Suddenly that alliance-pact and diplomatic victory don't sound so bad.tl;drIf you like strategy games that require you to think more than ""who has the biggest guns"", and can have lot of political options, do try it out. It might throw you off at start though with some bit weird ways of handling things.Just be ready to get some really good workshop mods to make the good game even better."
76561198034615404,Recommended,281990,26328748,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gmickd11,"Awesome game, great replayability"
76561198095417202,Recommended,281990,22891428,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Mercy Missles,not much to say after so many reviews have been done but of my own words a well done game thats alot of fun in so many ways.   I look forward to seeing how the developers may change or add content in the future
,Recommended,281990,22896805,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,stardude900,Fantastic game.  My wife hates it though because I haven't spent much time with her since it was released.......
76561198009283538,Recommended,281990,22925837,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dwolf357,"I am very impressed with Stellaris. The game has melded the 4x genre with the typical in depth strategy of Paradox games and succeeded. The game focus is strategy and removes the rapid advance of most 4x games. Stellaris by design requires the player to think long term and plan ahead, more like an extremely complex game of chess than a typicla explore expand etc...If your a gamer that enjoys thinking more than fast clicking this is the game for you.Well done Paradox."
76561198005591721,Recommended,281990,22930549,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Professor Humble,"easy to play hard to master great additon to the space sim genre, paradox has a solid entry"
,Recommended,281990,28730433,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sylvie,"Really well done space sim. Fun story elements and top tier space combat graphics make this a great game to grab.There is still a lot of improvements and late game balancing to be done, but as of now, the game is still being actively worked on. In its current state, it is a good buy that will hopefully only get better."
76561198041341094,Recommended,281990,31178452,Posted: 16 April,all,Mrtopkid,Simply the best strategy game ive ever played
76561197994551891,Recommended,281990,28249563,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,bagabones,Best game ever!
76561198044195753,Recommended,281990,26396333,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Nyloc,"Perhaps the best sci-fi 4x game since MOO2. There have been many such games, although Stellaris stands out for actually being innovative, instead of a pure copy of MOO2. Paradox has a history of supporting its games even after release. I strongly recommend this title."
76561198025368806,Recommended,281990,27318088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wintermute,"It is a very, very good game."
,Recommended,281990,28328870,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jerk_House,"VERY FUN definitally one of the better sandboxes i've played. Also there is a lot of potential with multiplayer here definitly reccomend, but one thing about multiplayer, is dont go in expecting to have an instant blast fighting aliens with your'e freinds, because it will take a reasonable amount of time to find each other. So be prepared to be in a call talking about what happend to you or vis versa, before you go fighting galactic wars together (or against each other >:D )."
76561198116007298,Recommended,281990,28367326,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,aaahfreshmeat,Just... one... more... minute!
,Recommended,281990,29003751,Posted: 4 January,all,Denver,Nowhere near as complex as Paradox Interactives other strategy games but its brilliant in its own light and the mods make the game immensely more replayable. Paradox is bae.
76561198025859550,Recommended,281990,29331862,Posted: 17 January,all,depochtemp,"The game is fine for now. I am assuming Paradox to do their usual ""buy DLC"" for game content that would have made the game great at the time of shipping."
,Recommended,281990,28947372,Posted: 2 January,all,Scare-is,"Great game, nuff said."
76561197966203806,Recommended,281990,23135572,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,F[Å]gern,Will be even better in a month or two.
,Recommended,281990,22892524,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Envy,"Don't worry all paradox games start bare bones but soon enough we will have the dlc's with all the content that should of been in the base game available for only the low low price of 15 to 20 USD but don't worry you also can pay small amounts like 2 to 5 USD for soundtracks or cosmetic dlc's as well eventually costing you more than $100Overall this game is enjoyable for the 2 hours I have played, but I think that somethings are a bit bare bones and the shipbuilding is a little lackluster but a enjoyable 4x space straegy nothing like EU4 in space though as some compared it to be like."
76561198047956778,Recommended,281990,22921140,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bluntsie,Paradox does it again - - -I won't be getting much sleep over the next few weeks; this game is magnificent.10/10
,Recommended,281990,26372725,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,pyre,I was waiting for Civ 6.Not necessary anymore.
,Recommended,281990,26329576,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Underbalanced,Original: The game can be difficult if you do not look at the pacts or allies; declaring war on the wrong person may get you many enemies. I love the games depth. I learned how to manager sectors late in the game but was much easier to manage a lot of the area with sectors. I love the game. The UI could use some work to support high resolution and remove scrolling. I would recommend this to people who love slow paced strategies.Update 01NOV16:After finishing my first game with only hyperlane travel; I lost because I attacked the wrong empire that was stuck in my space who happened to be allied with some superior races. It was fun even though I lost. Seems to be alot of strategy on when and how to attack others. Time to start game two with Warp Drives only. After that Wormholes only.
76561198076822741,Recommended,281990,29553823,Posted: 28 January,all,wow,"After 500 hours of playing, my friend saw me quit the game on Steam.He asked me how was Stellaris?I was like ""Stellaris? What's that? I've been playing Star Wars.""Bottom line is, amazing game kept even more amazing with mods!"
,Recommended,281990,26869176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fletchmustdie,"Stellaris is an excellent 4x Strategy game whose exploration in the early game is one of the best of the genre.  This is a game that you purchase now with the idea that with every expansion the game will get better.  Much like Crusader Kings 2, or Europa Universalis IV.  Right now, after several patches and one small expansion, I can say that the game feels more ""complete"" than it did when it first launched.  There is always something going on that grabs your attention.  You spend most of the early game exploring with science ships, finding planets to colonize and finding anomolies to research.  This is by far the best the game has to offer.  The early moments of the game are perfection.  However, once you get into the mid game, you start to notice some of the things that Stellaris is lacking.  For one, diplomact options are very weak.  If you are coming from EUIV, be prepared to be shocked by how little options there are.  This leads to another issue.  There are only 3 victory conditions, and two out of three really require you to expand militarily.  The third a federation option is a bit more interesting but if you are looking for a peaceful means to win the game it is very limited.  I can't help to think that Paradox should look to the Civilization series to flesh out other means to get victory in the game.  I'd think a cultural victory would be awesome, if the idea of cultue in a civilization since exisited, it doesn't.  Also, the leaders in the game feel like a partial idea.  It feels like leaders should be more akin to what you find in Crusader Kings 2, but they are just stats at this point.  Basically, I was hoping for a Crusader Kings 2 and EU4 mash up, but in space, but it is much more bare bones than that.  The late game can be very brutal.  There are late game events that effect the entire galaxy, but more often than naught when the galaxy is threatened by something that will call all life in the universe, the AI generally ignores this threat.  So you end up being the only person fighting the end game crisis with any kind of seriousness.  Perhaps if diplomacy was more fleshed out this would be less of an issue.So up to this point it might seem I have done nothing but crap on the game.  It does have it's fair share if issues, but it is because a lot of the game is so good that where it is lacking, it makes the bad stand out more.  I would say at this point if you are thinking of Stellaris, on a sale price it is worth while a pick up.  Just keep in mind that like most Paradox game, expansions will flesh out the game, but also increase the overall cost to get that better version."
76561198006870266,Recommended,281990,22979209,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sabra,Found Earth. Wiped out by nuclear weapons. Sad game.
76561197998646067,Recommended,281990,23032872,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ctbon,"'Tis a fine game indeed. Released on my birthday, no less. Thanks, Paradox! You do know what to get me."
,Recommended,281990,22916395,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,LarsDolly,Spoce.
76561197974106814,Recommended,281990,22917611,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,hairballstar,"So, I RARELY write reviews for games. But this one was worth the review.So, remember that time in Middle and High School where you bought a new game and every waking moment all you wanted to do was play it? You would think about it at school all day. You would play it immediately when you got home and get so angry because your mom wanted you to do chores and eat. That inner spark (some would call addiction) that makes you utterly enchanted by a game. Well, Stellaris has, for the first time in my adult life, brought back these feelings. I'm do disenchanted with gaming as an adult because I regret my purchase 24 hours later. Not this game. I feel like I'm in high school again, wanting to abandon every part of my life to grow a galactic empire. I've only played 4 hours of it, but feel like I will not be getting tired of it any time soon. I honestly don't know what it is about this game, but it definitely does it for me. Highly recommend. Buy this and be a child once again!"
76561198012823835,Recommended,281990,22919549,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hellfire,"Found some primitives, beemed them up for further study, found a race of mushroom men and made mushroom soup out of them.Will make more mushroom soup in the future!Love this game 11/10"
76561197998164472,Recommended,281990,22960330,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Evil Dinner Fork,"So in my second game, I created a race of religious extremist fungus people with my leader as their holy ayatollah, looking to bring the Word of the Mold throughout the galaxy. Growing was slow at first -- our industrial output was pitiful compared to the cost of a single colony ship. But inspired by the divine wisdom of our holiest leader, Psilocybin, the shroomfolk colonized a couple of nearby worlds, kept the science ships scouting, and ran into our first leaders. The badger people, the boar people. Heretics one and all who would be purged in due time. Even without yet engaging in interstellar war, our Righteous Navies of the Lord kept busy blasting crystalline monsters and the like.We also encountered some pre-FTL races, quickly setting up observation posts to see if this rabble might someday be receptive to the Word, quietly observing both an early-space-age race and an industrial-age planet. We later encountered a third race, some sort of bird-like creatures called the Juvan in a steam-powered era, just as His Holiness had decreed it was time to expand once more. A quick summary of these creatures revealed they were both spiritualist and fanatic pacifists -- they would find their spiritual guidance in the mines and fields. There are options to co-opt pre-FTL races -- granting them technology in exchange for their servitude; supplanting their leadership with dopplegangers to take over the world from within.But these routes take time and money, and the Lord of the fungus people is an impatient one. So instead, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Assault Armies of the Lord were directed to embark on their crusade ships immediately, destination: the planet of the Juvan.Oh, what a day that must have been for the Juvan and their primitive armies, to be blessed with the Word in such a fashion! Without warning, the skies opened up and legions of space fungus-people descended upon them, supported by orbital bombardment from the Righteous Navy. A pity they did not realize how fortunate they were to be allowed to serve His Holiness Psilocybin! So we quickly clapped the irons on them to relieve them the burden of self-determination. They, their children and their children's children would forever serve the Lord, one way or the other. Our borders expanded once more, our scout ship crews pushed further into the void, their hyphae filled with the joy that only comes with serving the Lord of the Mold.9/10 would enslave again"
76561198069922743,Recommended,281990,22886812,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,eddieballgame,"So far, so great...this could be ""The One""."
76561198041687060,Recommended,281990,22895331,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Pasarus,"Omg, this game is such a good game, if you liked any paradox game previously, this is certainly one for you"
,Recommended,281990,26889396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dain,"""Just one more turn, shouldn't take that long"""
,Recommended,281990,26944173,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wlmortis,Pretty shallow for a Paradox game but still fun
,Recommended,281990,25676962,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Rafi Combina,"Very good strategy game with a lot of depth,developers still working on more updates and expansions, a very good game to get into the grand strategy genre."
76561197990128003,Recommended,281990,26145049,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Lord Fresh,"First ever review. Love this game. Music is awesome, ive never played 4x before but this is a very smooth introduction to the genre."
76561198304326350,Recommended,281990,26302496,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,sbvoyce,"Its gone from one of the best games to average with the new updates, just stupid little things that do nothing but p... you off the whole time you play. It was perfectly fine before, this is what happens when you try fix something that is not  broken!"
,Recommended,281990,26089743,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Benschel,"One of the best games I have had the privilege of playing, also love the consistant patches"
76561198040564236,Recommended,281990,26224463,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Bruza_M8,Its a great space game and every thing I look for in a 4X type game its great
,Recommended,281990,24137266,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Clarke,I love this game. However this review is not about the game.I preordered this game on May 8th.I got it May 11th.I played it until I got Hearts of Iron 4.And now it's revoked off of my account.WTF.I got galaxy edition and it has been removed from my account due to the third party system I got it off. (Amazon).WTAF.Rant over.
,Recommended,281990,23020361,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,◔ᴥ◔ MagicPussyCat,Commit atrocities on a galactic scale and make your empire portrait a weeb catgirl.
,Recommended,281990,29806461,Posted: 9 February,all,Deep™,"These flying cubic things that are called ""ships"" look cool."
,Recommended,281990,22929282,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,|ББП| Comrade Holland the Dead,"Lacking in features that they probably held out on to release as DLC. There is a decent chance I will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and make this review negative after they make me pay a lot more money to make this game awesome.I still really like it though.EDIT 1:I feel the need to point out I have never had any issue with the sector AI. The sectors have always been very useful in working for me.EDIT 2: We are currently at the tipping point between a positive and negative review, I think."
,Recommended,281990,22902668,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,DirtyRobster,Great game!
76561197971048574,Recommended,281990,31110573,Posted: 12 April,all,Killforfood2,"This is what 4x games were meant to be.200 hours in, restarted twice in the first 15 hours to learn the game.Learning curve is a downside... but there is A LOT to learn.Micro and macro at its finest.Diplomacy that has been severly lacking in most 4x games is well executed here.Dont know what else to say really... I'm in love and will play this well past 2000 hoursand im not even sure if theres multiplayer yet, i havent checked!"
76561197982499921,Recommended,281990,31118366,Posted: 13 April,all,Dezus,"Extremely enjoyable.  It is like a real-time, science fiction, Civ4.  And Civ4 is the best 4X game ever.  Hopefully more cool things continue get added, if the game stays succesful."
76561197998002169,Recommended,281990,25551418,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gmike92,best space RTS in years. deep and complex enough to keep you going but easy to figure out as you play.
,Recommended,281990,22898335,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,WhaleOne,"Just no... stop.... staaahp.... I need my time, please. I need my time to do things in the real world.Damn you for EU4, CK2, HOI3, VIC2 and now, damn you for STEL.Paradox, Hate you and love you."
76561198006591585,Recommended,281990,22905270,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Chief Zuma,I encoutered a race of collectivist pacifist aliens who were nothing but kind to me.I terror bombed the homeworld of those space hippies.This game is amazing.
76561198014832534,Recommended,281990,22917183,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ScherSheep,I enslaved and then wiped out several species.  10/10 would enslave again.
76561198032865919,Recommended,281990,22917715,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Maruzana,"I think there is something wrong with me when tentacle faced horror from beyond the space is telling me to stop my campaign of Galactic Purification Fun Time, but how am I going to clear out those Avian aliens from my frontier without orbital bombardment?10/10 would clear out those xeno scums to make space great again."
,Recommended,281990,22922174,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Granarkadis,"I got this game two days ago and I already have 24 hours played. Nuff Said.Also, infiltrating primitives is kind of hilarious, the reptillains are the government! (gets tinfoil)Anyway, For the layman: Like Civ, in space, but better. Much, much better."
,Recommended,281990,22930762,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Gunum,Became the Space Pope.10/10 woud force my belifes on others again.
76561198050790871,Recommended,281990,22885512,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ouelde,Finally the game I wanted is here. Immersive. Thank you.It runs beautifully on my laptop.
,Recommended,281990,22886752,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,kakao905,This game was everything i expected...  its good! :D
,Recommended,281990,22886784,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Throckmorton,CK2 + 4X fun? What could be bad?
76561198053620267,Recommended,281990,22887616,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Raxatos,After a few hours of playing I can honestly say: a truely innovative and exciting game; 9/10
76561198036759692,Recommended,281990,22888068,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe,works fine on mac btw unless if your using an older model
76561198006596091,Recommended,281990,22890861,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Optimax71,"Its super good, its got space in big amounts. 11/10"
76561198068854532,Recommended,281990,22891730,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Baesjerker,Great game!
76561198126671152,Recommended,281990,31497113,Posted: 1 May,all,Corporal Kek,"I have been playing this game on and off since release. It was deffinately a bit shallow and lacking in content in the beginning but has improved dramatically over time through the regular updates. The game does still have a long way to go before I think it will reach its full potential, but I do still recommend it in its current state.I do think you need to roleplay a bit to get maximum enjoyment out of the game. I find min/maxing and playing hyper competitively not as engaging than roleplaying as a specific kind of species and government type that I have created, asking myself questions like ""would my fanaticly religious space Tucans really do this?"". But that may just be me, if min/maxing is your cup of tea, you can definitely do that.I also recommend buying the Utopia expansion. The other two expansions dont seem like they are worth the money however."
76561197972377516,Recommended,281990,31656747,Posted: 9 May,all,Freddyy,"10/10The early space race, the competition for early territory, betters any strategy game I've ever played. Early allocation of resources and mass scouting missions inevitably end in your tiny scout fleet being devoured by some hungry hungry space jellyfish.Sitting on the edge of the galaxy turtling your resources and refusing to interact with any of the lesser species reflects me locking myself in my room all day to play the game.With roughly 300 hours of space peddling, there are still playthroughs were I encounter storylines I haven't seen before. Every game is unique, every experience is challenging.Get it. The game will last, Paradox will be updating it until our sun collapses in on itself."
,Recommended,281990,31663549,Posted: 10 May,all,ForgotPants,"I haven't played a lot by comparison to some of the other reviewers but what I have played has blown me over. I love love love this game! There is so much to do, so many things to research and build. It kinda overwhelmed me at one point where I just made sectors and gave stuff to my governors to maintain.The game is a lot more fun in the beginning before the galaxy is completely explored. Once that is done, it slows down and then your science officer levels tend to dwindle a bit. Adding crazy events to the game just makes it even better. I can't believe the amount of time I spent making deals to get access to space so I could capture all the animals for that one project.I also gave up some citizens to the neighbouring fallen empire to gain their trust. Yeah, I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.In a game, my fanatic peace loving aliens were the strongest around and no one would fight me. My traits meant that I couldn't declare on anyone either. It kind of stagnated then. That kinda sucked but hey, galactic peace and all."
76561198022584267,Recommended,281990,31667273,Posted: 10 May,all,The Evil One,"One of the better 4x strategy games in the Sci-fi genre.And Paradox is known to keep building their games and expanding them, this is no different. So buckle up and prepare for a glorious wa-...uhm...exploration adventure. >_>"
,Recommended,281990,31648648,Posted: 9 May,all,Kreldin Foxclaw,"I havent played very much of the game, but what little I have played is amazing. 11/yes, would throw 28 days of my life at again."
76561197999784206,Recommended,281990,31671857,Posted: 10 May,all,Martyn,We're still getting free updates. Awesome!
,Recommended,281990,31654966,Posted: 9 May,all,Daazx,You know a game is good when you can conquer the universe as a radish
76561198248405710,Recommended,281990,31685328,Posted: 11 May,all,Gleonardo,"Love this game, as I loved most of Paradoxe's games. I'll give a thumbs up for the hours I spent on it.But if you are not on developed countries, forget about having the whole experience without paying a monstruous sum of money. As each DLC costs half the price of the game (and there will probably have a ton more costing the same), it gets overwhealming expensive to play a 'complete' game. I hope one day the company rethinks this kind of deal. I know a lot of people point to 'helping the developer', but the lines betweeen helping and being kinda let out of the 'complete experience' by a money barrier are thiner each day."
76561197963476665,Recommended,281990,31711105,Posted: 12 May,all,Eskimo,"I love this game. Started out as lion people, clicked a series of ""quests"" without really reading them, got turned in to horse people. Then some koalas called me ugly, so I did what todays generation do best, got offended. I attacked them and now I got koala slaves.The soundtrack is also great."
,Recommended,281990,29834642,Posted: 10 February,all,pizzapocketclone,Great GameGood NormalyBetter with modsBest with friends
76561198042978788,Recommended,281990,31718703,Posted: 13 May,all,Old Scratch,"To me this game has things i like from civ 5, masters of orion, and sins of a solar rebellion all in one.  The  sound and flavor are just right. Explore. Enjoy."
76561198032220026,Recommended,281990,31736895,Posted: 13 May,all,SevSaint,"Great Game. Was very skepticle before i bought. Read up reviews both on site and on youtube and everyone was talking about this game being good. I love multiplayer games. And this game seemed to take many hours to play through, and it does, so it didn't seem good for multiplayer aspect. But so far so good. Had a great time dueling it out from get go with a player neighbor and lost but learnt a few new tricks on combat. I love games that are complex but yet fun. This game will takes many hours to master and i am glad i can enjoy getting to that point."
76561198075979410,Recommended,281990,22946097,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Etcetera,"If you're looking for a game similar to Sins of a Solar Empire that isn't constant warfare, then this is the game for you. While it is almost too slow since I've started up, I really like the process so far, having created 2 custom factions with the extensive creation system (friendly turtle people and libretarian bird people) and have been playing a game as the Commonwealth of Man (the evil humans). However, I only bought this game after watching about an hour and a half of gameplay on Youtube, so I suggest you reserve your judgement before buying this one."
76561198065214397,Recommended,281990,31477082,Posted: 30 April,all,Supreme Emperor Banjo,This game is probably the most thought out and the most submersive game I have ever played. I got this game shortly before the Utopia DLC and the banks update came out and I could tell that they spend a lot of time thinking and planning for this game. Overall i give it a 9/10
,Recommended,281990,31753439,Posted: 14 May,all,zsd,"Good:- More sophisticated than the usual 4x game, but pretty easy to grasp for all that's going on.Bad:- No one wants to hear about your space elves."
76561198029975339,Recommended,281990,31689715,Posted: 11 May,all,Horus Lupercal,"One of the best games in the grand strategy genre. I love it. Granted, when it  first released, it had some BIG problems. The comabt system was a disater, you could only conquer small chunks of rivals at a time, and dont even get me started on sector management.All that has long since been recified. Combat is beautiful, the war score system now scales properly into the late game, and your sector governor does his job very well. I bought this game when it first came out, and it I could tell it had huge potential, but was otherwise a disapointment. Today, its better than I ever thought possible. GREAT game all around. You can even change your sovereignty's ethos to adapt to the changing geopolitical climate. This game is amazing, and one of the few games I own that I would give a full 5/5 stars."
76561198057603901,Recommended,281990,31764059,Posted: 15 May,all,Swell Foop,"Serious ""one more turn"" syndrome except it's an RTS so it's more like ""one more hour"" syndro... What's that? It's 4 a.m.? Well, these cocky♥♥♥♥♥plant men have declared me their rival, so I gotta teach them a lesson before I go to bed."
,Recommended,281990,31846203,Posted: 19 May,all,Oga,"First time after Civilization V that I played a game for over 12 hours in one sitting.Game's tutorial works and it's easy to get familiar with rather long list of mechanics, which some of them vary in importance and usability. Reading outside sources I suppose that I got a taste of most, but not all content within my first save, so there is replayability. Let me just tell you that the victory screen is just a pop up with continue and exit. No lore, no images, no videos, no unlockables. The player is expected to make their own goals and be entertained how their plan goes through the opposition. Making things personal helps.Game is lot about micro-managing, but because the game flows, it's much more manageable to update every little thing one by one, instead of clicking every action to be done within the next year. Makes the combat much more enjoyable, when things get tight with the enemy.Combat is influenced by the fleet size, composition, modules and upgrades, game gives very little control of placement and movement during battles, so don't mass just the ship with biggest numbers, make the fleets versatile or face the consequences."
76561197971825130,Recommended,281990,23011236,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Haapy,"TL;DR: Amazing 4X. The UI is really clean, even though there is a lot going on. Shortcuts for almost all screens and actions (though they've removed a few, oddly, in later updates). The copious bugs that were included at launch are almost completely cleaned up.The good:Nice expansive scope and high polish. You can uplift species to give them sentience; you can enlighten already-sentient aliens that haven't hit the FTL stage; the diplomacy feels very above-average to me, though it's not something I tend to pay much attention to unless something bugs me; there are dangerous/helpful/interesting space fauna; and there are stagnant empires of high-tech aliens that came before you. Maybe even an end-game plot twist to keep things intresting. That makes the universe feel very lived-in, which is very nice. The tech trees are pretty deep, and semi-random for replayability. The race/empire creation has a lot of choices. The fun factor is high.The bad:I don't have anything for this section anymore. At launch, the game was buggy. Unbelievably so. But now, they seem to nearly all be fixed, which actually makes this item a point in the developers' favor. I'm seriously impressed.Conclusion:I really love this game. It's apparent that a lot of thought went into designing how the systems would work and fit together with each other. If you enjoy 4X games at all, I would heartily encourage you to give this one a spin. Even after you finish a few games in vanilla, there's a ton of workshop content to keep you busy for... well, in my case as of right now, nearly 500 hours."
,Not Recommended,281990,31860784,Posted: 20 May,all,DoctorFour,"Amazing game! All the good reviews are true. But the multiplayer was unplayable for me due to a bug that seems to plague certain users and leave others alone. Downvoting only to hopefully bring this to the devs attention.For an unknown reason, sometimes when transferring ships the screen will get locked into trying to force a ship to be transferred... even when you aren't highlighting that ship. Click on your science vessel, and it still thinks you're in the transfer screen. Everything in the ship options screen is blocked until the game is exited & reentered. These symptoms can be seen on other google searches, and the only identified solution is to reset.In multiplayer this causes mayhem because (1) if I hosted the game, leaving shuts down the server and ends the game for everyone. If I'm not the host, then rejoining freezes everyone's gameplay for no less than 30 seconds while I download the save file & sync with the game. Nobody appreciates this, and ""hotjoins"" or multiple rejoins are pretty much universally rejected.When I played single player, this bug would sometimes happen every few minutes, and other times I would go hours without seeing it. After I finished single player and moved on to multiplayer it happened twice, then I uninstalled the game.EDIT: I once theorized that this might be connected to using the escape key to back out of transferring ships, but I didn't ever remember test the theory. Now I'm going to go catch up on all the sleep I lost this week because of this game :P"
,Recommended,281990,31639081,Posted: 8 May,all,Necrosiimion,"I was brought to this game by friend. Played for a couple of hours and was hooked.  A quietly intense gaming experience that leaves you wanting to see the next milestone.  It is a clever blend of diplomacy and domination that can fit any play style.  Pandemic's updates have created many new ways to interact and make all your decisions matter.  It's hard not to play this game for hours on end, especially with friends. I look forward to conquering the galaxy again."
,Recommended,281990,24476744,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Homemade Coconut,Tailor make your perfect idea of a space age society only to have them be killed by psychic nazi butterflies.10/10
,Recommended,281990,23023833,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Dr. Nebsterio,Yes.
,Recommended,281990,31727211,Posted: 13 May,all,Rejn Randeb,"I absolutely adore this game! I have been waiting a long time for a game like this to come out. Its complex enough that there will continue to be aspects to this game that I will continue to learn for a while. To pick it up and start playing especially with a friend was simple and easy to comprehend.All in all, theres a lot to it, but relatively simple to learn. straight forward processes and game plans, but enough style variant that no two species should be played the same"
76561198004839473,Not Recommended,281990,29419876,Posted: 22 January,all,Tamminen,"It is like first Star Ruler with better sound and  graph, but anoying planet micromanagement and EXTREMALY slow. Bad deal for it price."
76561198077551408,Recommended,281990,22948113,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Tronhammer,"A deep and involving stratagy game that makes you ant to care about your empire as it expands and grows across the eons, whyle you sustaine invasions frome ouside envadors. An easy entry to the Paradox grand stratagy line whyle keeping the trappings of a 4x game. The multiplayer is also smothe if you keep good collunacation amongst all of the players."
,Recommended,281990,22948109,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Blackthorne,"This is a great game, that while only a skeleton at the moment, is still incredibly fun and addictive. As Paradox adds more patches and DLC it will only get better. I really hope they add a more indepth trading and espionage DLC soon, anything else is just icing on the cake."
76561198037004404,Recommended,281990,22948178,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Plan B,"This game is soooo fun. I though it would be another boring 4X space game, but this one is actually pretty well made. I get different feel from the races I play every time."
,Recommended,281990,22948221,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Scylds,"Stellaris not same as usual 4X games outhere. there is no ""end turn"" button that give people pause every move. with 39 race max to invade 1000 stars. u will need long time to finish just 1 games. i recommended to play with friends. really fun to play multiplayer, support each other and invade another race XD."
76561198305579441,Recommended,281990,31911076,Posted: 22 May,all,Num63r5,"Started my first campaign almost 70 hours ago and this is my story from hell.>Decided to be a socialist bird people that that enjoys war.>We are the Fledglings of Sub-Birbia (Most of the planet names are birb puns also.)>Start game>Head Physicist disapears immedately>F***>Meet mouse people>I want to be friends, they don't but we trade star charts>They become my rival, what the hell bro?>Small pirate fleet heads for my home system, Sunbirb>We fight, I win, fleet is mostly gone though>Ameoba decide to be agressive and attack everything for no reason>Things are going to hell>Pull my fleet back to home, they get destroyed because they are set to agressive>Manage to build a new fleet to stop the ameoba from destroying my space station>This was in the first two hours, fast forward 50 more>In a federation with spiders and turtles, ascended cats and lizards to join also.>Other federation shows up and starts closing hyperlanes (I'm the only one who uses warp)>Have to go to war to reopen access to part of my territory and the other half of the galaxy>two thirds of the other fed are pacifists, lol>Fallen empire wakes up and starts expanding, no war yetUPDATE:Fallen Empire Declared War on the turtles, they have a 300k fleet, I can't win and the game because the AI doesn't want to team up.TL:DRTrash start, start fed, now taking over the galaxy one small war at a time."
76561198206035587,Recommended,281990,31982261,Posted: 26 May,all,Malterror1,got the galaxy edition only to find out that its not even the whole game?  like why bother having diff versions if the best package dont even have everything
,Recommended,281990,31999991,Posted: 27 May,all,deep_bhattacharya,"I love this game.My first 3 attempts (I always play Ironman) sputtered out in a couple hundred years or so, but who had the last laugh, huh? ME, THAT'S WHO!- Play as Fantatic Materialist- Get wiped out by Fanatic Spiritualist Awakened Empire when they declare war on your 1-plant wide vassal- Reload a 30-year old save- Build up fleet (thank you ship load out guide)- AE delcraes war again (same vassal - or the same planet - even though this time around they've been liberated so a completely different ethos - what the hell AE)- AE fleet wipes out a spaceport and just hovers over the planet- Years later it's still hovering, no invasion in sight (maybe because the planet is filled with android/xenomorph army)- Build up fleet and get ready to wipe them out- Sudden unbidden invasion- Wipe unbidden out with your 200k+ death stack- Wipe out AE fleet (still hovering over that planet) with same death stack- Win the war but get a single measly planet full of unhappy pops- Nearby Federation so afraid they accept joining offer- Federation Victory!11/10, would build up 200k death stack again"
76561198178782055,Recommended,281990,31948238,Posted: 25 May,all,Bullseye,"I got the game when it was for sale and I wouldn't recommend it for the full price either. Let's not talk about the DLCs because everyone criticizes Pardox for their price policy.The good things about the game are:-It takes 4x strategy to a whole new level. You have a whole galaxy to explore and many stories and Mysteries to uncover. In every game you start it feels different.-It is by far the easiest Paradox game to learn but at the same time it is very stratigic and a typical Paradox game. It is perfect if you want to start of with Paradox-strategy.Now the bad things. I feel like politics could be better. The fact that Paradox removed alliances doesn't help this issue. When I first looked at the game I thought: ""Cool, in the future you'll have so many possibilities to create a galactic society."" I thought maybe in the future federations are treated as one state and for those who want a bit more freedom but feel safer as part of a big state instead of just an alliance maybe there could be the opportunity to found confederacies or something like this. I know it sounds like daydreaming but the opportunities are there and the game has many of them. But now federtions are nothing special anymore.I also miss an option to Influence other empires especially if they are your vassals. I had a vassal that didn't like me because they were democratic and egalitarian and my empire was despotic and had slaves.And there are some other opportunities the game doesn't take (I had a review where I went over it a bit more detailed but somehow it didn't save it). I don't want to tell the developers what to do becaus it is their game but when I see not taken opportunities I feel bad.In general I really like the game but it doesn't take its opportunities some of them are even removed (alliances, government types). I recommend the game for everyone that likes good and detailed strategy. (At this point I noticed that it might sound a little like the game has no possibilities in terms of political gameplay but it isn't that bad it just doesn't take its opportunities :) )I will definitely continue playing the game and I look forward to what progress it will make.Sorry for any grammar mistakes but I don't trust Paradox to understand german if you know whta I mean ;) XD"
76561198057263446,Recommended,281990,31943562,Posted: 24 May,all,Virallurk,64 hours in 2 weeks. Never liked these games. This one is different though. So much freedom in race creation and playstyles. Just finished my first campaign after 40 hours. Starting a new game now as Imperial Starfish who really like shiny things and hate conflicts. Other races tend to frighten them or make them very wary. When encountering something new they like to hide away in their oceans till either them become used to the new entity or it leaves them alone. Only aggressive when they need to defend themselves.I can hear them singing songs and making musicals in their free time.
76561198124323301,Recommended,281990,31921860,Posted: 23 May,all,deffenceless,"So this is my first 4X game, and I have to say. I bloody love it. Not sure I'll ever quite ""master"" it - there are some very in depth game mechanics - however, I certianly picked up enough from the in game tips and comments to rival the normal AI settings.If you're sitting on the fence for this one, as you usually stick to your traditional RTS games, go on do it. I'm sure you won't be dissapointed*. In fact you, you might like it so much it gets a little bit weird.Plus I'm literally amazed at all the free updates, even a year on. they're regular and really respond to the feedback from gamers.*if you are I don't care and there's nothing I can do about it"
,Not Recommended,281990,30187306,Posted: 25 February,all,Bakaneko,"Well, once again, the developers have decided to just randomly throw a bunch of knobs around and make the game unplayable again. Magically appearing crisis fleets that nobody in the rest of the universe seems to care about, so you CAREFULLY SLOWLY PAINFULLY OVER WAY WAY WAY TOO MUCH TIME work to fight them back, and just when you've got them down to a couple of systems, wham, they wave their genie wand and there's millions of fleet points of them again.That's not fair. That's not fun.Seriously, this has happened so many times I'm not sure who's more stupid: The developers for this nonsense, or me, for coming back to the game again, hoping it was better.Serious Paradox, I know I'd be happier if all of you quit and formed a bad folk band or somethng harmless like that."
76561198009062170,Recommended,281990,26594045,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pembie,If you are looking for a space civ builder game this is the one you want. It has it all from exploration to massive space battles. This game also allows you to create you own race set the mindset of them and what kind of world they will prefer to settle one.
,Recommended,281990,31926318,Posted: 23 May,all,Kynji,"So... Stellaris... where do I start? What could a Sci Fi / Strategy game fan really want more... than the lovechild of Civilization and Sins of a Solar Empire?There's a lot of hidden layers to this game. The more you play it, the more you realise your only scratching the surface of whats on offer.One thing I would suggest with this game is give it a couple of hours. At face value, it appears incredibly complex and at first and rather daunting. The reality is, the basics of the game are actually quite simple and if you take it slow, the learning curve is actually not too steep. The game is more like an onion than a tomato. With a tomato, you bite through it and end up covered in tomato juice if your not careful.. with Stellaris, your not going to get covered in the horror of tomato juice. Your going to peel back the layers of the game systems like an onion.Lot's of fun for any Strategy game enthusiast. But prepare for the whole 'just one more turn syndrome'. This game steals 'life time'. Christ, I should have gone to bed 2 hours ago, I have work in the morning and instead of going to bed on time, I've been playing this game and then writing this review.Someone. Help. Me. Your my only hope...Anyway, dodge all those early access tomato's with steep learning curves and sit back and relax.Peel those onion layers until your hands smell and your next day at work turns into that zombie apocolpyse experience, you thought might be a good idea, but in reality can be a rather tiring, and altogether rough experience....Still it's worth it if I've managed to colonise a few more planets and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the local wildlife!10/10"
76561198137259607,Recommended,281990,25708480,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Simon Petrikov,"Stellaris, as it is, is an entertaining and moderately replayable game, that is absolutely worth getting. In time, though, it will prbably turn into a brilliant one, with the future DLC."
76561197989680948,Recommended,281990,31574045,Posted: 5 May,all,SciFa Storm,"Wow! This game is absolutely breathtaking in both its involvement and spontaneity. First, you make an Empire or choose a pre-created one. Then, your goal is to ascend into the stars, by diplomacy or by Force. Once you've ascended, your time is spent eliminating threats to the galaxy, discovering ancient secrets, and eventually repelling a galaxy-wide threat to your Empire or Alliance's well-being.This game is one of the best strategy games I've played in a long time. Typically, there is not always one solution to all of your problems. You can be a violent and oppressive dictator and be hated galaxy-wide, or you can rule indirectly through superior diplomacy. You can enslave or exterminate entire species, or weave them into the fabric of your society... Even in tech, you can choose to become new-age evangelists, or technological ascendants.It has it all.Also, pay attention for the references of famous Science Fiction such as Frank Herbert's Dune, Star Wars, Star Trek, Ringworlds, you name it."
