user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,281940,14941861,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Modest Bird Wizard,"(Please Read this whole thing.)The reason I can't recommend Woolfe is because it's far too short to charge $10 for. It's got some small issues here and there, but I was willing to overlook them, but I cannot overlook the runtime of the game. (EDIT: The devs have already planned a sequel for august. I still can't recommend this game unless you don't mind paying $10 for a 2 hour game.)(EDIT #2 - 3/28/15: The Devs have patched the game and added many new animations to combat, as well as fixing a lot of bugs.)I really wish I could recommend this game. I really do. It's a very fun little game, with an interesting use of fairy-tale characters. There are a few bugs left for the team to squash, such as after the final boss, instead of watching the lovely cinematic I got to listen to the VO from the cinematic and walk around in the driveway of Granny's house.Also, the game tries to rhyme every other line of dialogue, which annoyed me endlessly by the end of the VERY VERY short experience.It's very short. You'll notice that at the time of writing I have about 120 minutes in this game. That's after beating it once through and dying multiple times. (Which is good, this game will make you work a little for your story.)I wish there were more bosses, because only having two made the pacing feel off. If Wolfe is supposed to be this huge megalomaniac, dictatorial scumbag, why does he only have one henchman? Who lives in the sewer?There are about 10 stages, 5 or 6 in the city and the rest are this really cool Trine-esque forest. These stages can be beaten fairly quickly if you don't die/know where to go. There's this stage at wolfe's factory(?) that hints at the game wanting to be slightly more open, or maybe have more complex levels. Really, The game needs more levels so that there are more oppurtunities for Red to talk about why she's looking around, and about her family in general. The beginning makes it out to be this huge undertaking for her, but she ends up completing her mission in a day and a night?Perhaps this could be fixed by DLC, which I would pay for happily because as is, the story doesn't tie up nicely. There's a short cinematic at the lake that hints at Red's brief relationship with her mother, but doesn't even match up with how Red talks about her mother's disappearance earlier in the game. First she says she disappeared in the woods, and then she's digging tunnels in a mineshaft? Her mother and father had a happy marriage, but he didn't know he had a kid with his wife?The combat is fun once you learn a few special moves, and Red's remarks after she learns a new move are nice and characterful. It's almost kind of spectacle fighter-y, although it really lacks any kind of combat system. The game originally tries to set itself up as a stealth-action game but the sneaking is basically abandoned once you get your axe at the end of the tutorial level.In short, Woolfe is a fun, gorgeous game that you should look at if you want a quick platformer. If you're looking for a more fully realized experience, you're better looking elsewhere because this game isn't going to last you. If they release DLC or update the game in a meaningful way, I'll look forward to it greatly.This studio has some great talent and it will be exciting to see what they make next."
,Not Recommended,281940,33471551,Posted: 11 July,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Forewarning: This game is part 1 of a 2 part series that will in all likelihood never be finished. It is a bit of a Kickstarter flop that was eventually sold to another company to fulfill KS backers' and promptly tossed on a shelf due to inhouse reasons.Red Hood Diaries is a gothic Victorian retelling of Little Red Riding Hood. It's an action platformer game (or at least, it claims to be) about searching for the murderer of Red's father.That's about the last thing that ends up making sense about this game.The gothic asethetic is done decently, and the music is alright. The presentation is sort of there, but animations are stiff and unnatural feeling, which isn't bad when half your cast is robots, but stands out noticeably on Red, the Pied Piper, and on Woolfe himself. The level design is about as varied as you could get for a retelling of the Red Riding Hood story, in that there's a town level, a sewer level, a harbor level, a mystic forest level and a burning forest chase level. If you noticed a distinct change there at the end, that's because the game takes about a 180 degree tonal shift in its second half, completely destroying what narrative what originally there. The game transforms from a murder mystery to a game where the woods outside the city has transformed into mystical floating platforms (this is never elaborated on) Red has unexplained magical powers and the abiltiy to slow time (this is never elaborated on), Granny is a sorceress with curse powers and wolf claw magic (this is never elaborated on), and Woolfe himself is a lightning calling, wolf summoning shadow sorceror himself after being presented as a corporate Victorian businessman, and also possibly a werewolf. (you guessed it, this is never elaborated on). Considering the game literally ends after this revelation with a black screen that says ""TO BE CONTINUED"", well.... yeah.Red herself makes for a decent enough narrator - but the rhyming gimmick is done inconsistently, and sometimes without any sort of meter. While it's not always as forced as, say Child of Light, there are some occasions where you can tell they were definitely reaching to get the rhyme down. Unfortunately towards the end Red is about as in the know about the story as we are, making her narration to the audience unhelpful at best, but still somewhat immersive. The game has unlcokable diary entries that help fill in the background story about the characters, but nothing even comes close to explaining what happens in the last half of the game at all, and really only serves to reinforce what the players already know: Red's family is great, Granny is nice and a teacher, and Woolfe murdered her father and kidnapped her mother. We knew all this from the outset, Red tells us explicitly.The controls are mediocre, both in play and response. Attacking is clunky at best, and you're generally best served by mashing the light attack button or using the AoE smash magic attack. All other options are inferior unless you're smashing rats with the vertical attack. Normal enemies can and will kill you in groups of two, and there is nothing in the way of progression in the game save auto-learning new magical attacks for what appears to be no reason at all. Most of them are useless except the AoE ground smash. Platforming is dicey, with only specific highlighted ledges able to be grabbed, and a lack of 'stickiness' making even acceptable ledges hard to see sometimes. The camera angle is fixed, creating often more of a 2.5D field rather than a true 3d environment, but there's often just enoguh depth to throw off your perception of a jump you need to make, and since nearly every fall and every field obstacle is an instant kill without fail, you will tire of the platforming very, very quickly.The game spikes in difficulty combat wise in the Harbor, being very minor platforming with hectic, difficult comba,t then does the exact opposite in the next level, expecting frequent pinpoint double jumps in 3d on spinning moving platforms in the mystic forest. The game even seems cognizant of this decision, due to there being achievements for these levels specifically for beating them on hard, and for speedrunning it. Not a good decision, IMO, and it brings down the flow of the game.I absolutely cannot recommend this game on any level. It doesn't matter that the game is only two hours long. You know what other story based narrative platform light puzzle game is about two hours long?Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. Now THERE'S a game worth playing, instead of this one. Pass on this."
,Not Recommended,281940,15299849,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,noname,"The art direction is pretty consistent, and the game looks pretty good.The way they included their backers is pretty nice, especially since you can turn it on or off, so it isn't intrusive at all.The story is serviceable, although pretty cliche in places.The fact that the story is told in rhyme is... well, at first it's funny. Then it's annoying, then it's really grating, and then it's just terrible. It's gets really forced, and not exactly right, either.The lip-synching is really bad. And I say this *after* the patch that says it improved lip-synching.The combat isn't good. Higher difficulties only add health to enemies and increase how much damage you take. Enemies aren't any smarter, and your attacks don't have any real variety. You do get power moves over the course of the game, but they're hit and miss as far as usefulness goes.You can easily cheese enemies, lead them to a stairwell they can't go down, lure them to a wall they won't cross, stuff like that.The platforming is rough. The camera doesn't help most of the time, there are jumps that are really hard to judge, oh, and plenty of instant death items that don't let you know beforehand that they'll kill you. I say this as someone who completed the original version of Psychonauts' Meat Circus level. This platforming isn't good.This game is also pretty short. I played it on hard, and died a bunch, and it took me maybe 2 hours. I don't know if it's worth $10. I don't feel cheated, but maybe wait for a sale.Oh. And that (&^#)^$^ 'Quicker than GRIN' achievement. If you're timing a level? Maybe don't start the timer before the opening cutscene? And don't let it run while the cutscene is running? UGH. That achievement is making me want to stab things.I obviously have a bunch of complaints, but this isn't a terrible game, and I can see where they really tried for some good stuff. It has plenty of potential that just wasn't reached. I do want to see what GRIN does next, I really hope they move up from here :)"
76561198074732370,Recommended,281940,14939902,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Skirmish,"This game passed right under my radar, I didn't even know of its existence until today. Being a fan of American McGee's Alice, I was immediately taken by the goth-punk style and old-school platforming.Woolfe is a slick, well-presented platformer within a superbly realized steamy Victorian setting. The story follows the central character, Red Riding, as she goes, axe in hand, to find BB Woolfe to exact revenge for the death of her father.Whilst the game's platforming elements don't quite have the reassurance of Alice: Madness Returns, the game more than makes up for it with a superb atmosphere, better than average script, and a captivating central character. The quality of the graphics, sound design and music of Woolfe are all comparable to Alice: MR.Perhaps the weakest element in the gameplay is the combat. Whilst the platforming controls are crisp and responsive, the combat seems woolly and unconvincing.Despite some negative combat issues, Woolfe is a superb old-school platformer with a great central character, witty dialogue and bags of atmosphere.Very recommended. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,281940,14980802,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,"Ryan ""50"" Quid","Honestly, I'm looking forward to more stuff by the developer. This game shows a lot of promise, but it fell a bit short. It was mediocre, but it was close to being good. If you have $10 to spend and it doesn't mean much to you, by all means buy this game. If you don't agree with my review or my problems don't affect you, by all means buy this game. Remember that it is an indie game, not a AAA title.So the good thing is that I bought it to play with my little sister, and she liked it. I feel like I got my $10 worth in that sense.The Good:My 5-year-old sister enjoyed it.Very interesting environment.Who doesn't love a nice, dark fairy tale?Journal entriesProblems:Most importantly,I did not have fun. The puzzles were not fun. The combat was not fun. The boss battles were not fun. The animation was poor, so the cinematics were not engaging.Unpolished full-release game.Sections that seem unforgiving for no reason. Mostly due to poorly placed checkpoints.Short story that ends on a cliffhanger. I assume more is coming out at some point.The design is not obvious to the player. Environmental insta-deaths with overly-large hitboxes seem to come out of nowhere. Instead of reacting to obstacles, you have to die and just remember what killed you. Sometimes it took me multiple attempts to figure out why I died.Difficulty caused by poor physics/mechanics are not fun, they are just frustrating. A large portion of the puzzles seemed like they're based around getting through a section that is seemingly impossible simply because of the game's flaws."
,Recommended,281940,14970011,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,hipp0cat,"I was hoping for American McGee's Alice clone, but this game is a bit different. It's quite fun, both platforming and combat are done well, and levels are very beautiful. It has some quirks here and there (like some problems with camera and controls), but that's something I can forgive, this being an indie game. The biggest issue is lack of facial animations for characters, which looks super weird in cutscenes.Be warned, that the game is VERY short. Devs say that the average playthrough is 3 hours long, I finished it in under 2, and now I want more, dammit! Hopefully, the sequel (which has already been announced) will be like 10 times longer."
,Recommended,281940,15830877,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Erbkaiser,"Woolfe has a nice setting, great maps that remind me a lot of American McGee's Alice games, and a good soundtrack.It also has a lot of too repetitive combat that never feels quite right. And what's worse, is that this is a very short game that ends on a major cliffhanger.Woolfe's levels are great and very varied. The platforming part of this action platformer really shines and it's a lot of fun having Red double-jump through the levels. Unfortunately most of the levels are also populated by enemies, and there's the action part. The combat in this game is frustratingly annoying. You have a normal and powerful attack, but the powerful attack takes too long to build and is therefore useless since you will get hurt. The normal attack is so weak you will be hammering away and hoping you will not die from counter-attacks -- hope, since there is little indication of an attack occurring and even if you do spot it in time, both jumping and rolling are unreliable to get out of harm's way.Combat is enhanced a little by abilities which have to be charged by collecting drops from defeated enemies. Because there are so few levels, these abilities are handed out too late to actually be really useful and even if you do get them you'll basically be spamming them non-stop, then spamming normal attack, ad infinitum.This is a game that was Kickstarted and it shows that there was no big budget behind it. The game is rough, and it's really unfortunate because with more polish and more levels it could have been great. As it is now it is definitely not bad, but the game will leave you frustrated over what could have been. Hopefully the developers will learn from the mistakes in this one and finish the story with a better, longer, more polished sequel.Recommended if you can get it on a discount."
,Recommended,281940,14981419,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Nyx,"Short review - short game, two hours well spent.Long(er) review - Still a short game, still two hours well spent. This game is more of an unpolished gem, and the negatives can drown the positives - if you let them. If you can turn a blind eye to the short gameplay and clunky combat you have two-three hours that is well worth the time.Visually this game is beautiful, I adored it. My only nay here is the overuse of blurry effects, it sometimes did hide the artistsic positives of this game - which is sad when the artistic visuals are the best part of this game.I like how it is attempted to be written in a poetic way. It sometimes did feel forced somehow, like they were thinking ""we already started these poetic monologues, but we're not quite sure how to make this line fit in"". But for the most part it was well written.this game is short.Everyone is saying it, even the devs are saying it and I'm repeating it. It is short - deal with it. If you're not willing to pay 10dollars for a short game, no matter if you believe it could be worth your time or not then just wait for a sale.Combat could have been done better, seriously. Even if it's a product of an indie team it's no excuse for making combat this static.I could surely get a feel of Alice - Madness Returns in this game, I'll be pretty surprised if it was not an big inspiration. I would absolutely love to see more of this, hopefully a bit more polished when the continuation is released. I do not regret spending 10$ on this game, and I would do it again had I known the same things about the game as I do now. It might be a steep price for a 2 hours adventure for some, but to me it's well worth the money to support these guys and a few hours of fun."
,Recommended,281940,16821410,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"Woolfe is a steampunk take on the Red Riding Hood story. Its a 3D platformer that plays like an old school 2D platformer, if that makes any sense :). Its a bit flawed, especially where I died A LOT to get past parts that seemed buggy to me, but its still totaly playable,  The artwork is beautiful, a bit like Trine, and it really put me in Red's surreal world.  Red herself is a tough female protaganist who  gives funny one-liners during the game which adds some fun to an otherwise sad tale.  The story is okay but I really felt for Red mostly because her voice acting is so good!Pros: Challenging puzzles, decent story, beautiful graphics, neat steampunk world, good voice acting, and a badass main character!Cons: Shortish game (4-5 hours), buggy puzzles, no mouse support,  easy to die, medoicre boss battles, and some frustrating 'perfect timing' platforming.I liked it and had a good time playing it and I think others will like it especially if they like old school platformers. I recommend it, but I got it on sale, which makes its short playtime easier to swallow.  I'm not sure if its worth the full price, tbh.Thank you for reading my review!"
,Recommended,281940,14979860,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,◢🆅ioxze◤,"Enjoyable, short platformer that lets you play as Red riding hood but in a different setting than you're used to from the fairy tales. It has an enjoyable combat system and the game is overall quite easy.High replay value, 3 difficulty settings and 20 achievements will make you rerun parts of the game several times while it doesn't get boring.Get this if you're up for a fun platformer with nice graphics, and enjoyable game mechanics."
,Recommended,281940,20643640,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,LadyOberon [#GamersRule],"Overall, I do recommend this game and had a wonderful time with it. The soundtrack was very good, and the graphics were extremely well-done. I absolutely loved this gaming world and would love to see more of it.There were a few things that caught my attention and felt a little ""off."" The first is how the character moves, very grid-like on straight and diagonal lines. Everything about this world is ""sharp"" visually speaking, as part of the steampunk and angular design, so I wonder if Red's movement was also intentional and reflective of this. If it's intentional, it's certainly cohesive, but it does feel a bit odd at times, because it takes practice lining up jumps and combat. There were many times that I'd be firmly on one edge jumping to another and end up in the water or some other unseen abyss. The same goes for combat, because there were a few times that I didn't understand why I was taking damage, why my hits weren't landing, or why I hit something I never should have hit.I loved the world, but I will admit that there were times when the environment made my path unclear. Gamers rely on certain cues to tell us where the developers intend for us to go, and in this case, the scenery muddles that a bit. There is a compromise, though, because I noticed that certain surfaces will flash, like a reflection, to indicate intended pathways, and of course, you can use the magic skill which draws your attention to items in the immediate vicinity that are of interest.I had one issue during gameplay that actually was confounding, and that was during the Woolfe Industries stage. There's a box that you're supposed to knock down that creates a gap on the left side of the building, but mine would never break even with restarts. I had to jump on top of it to get to the sign, and I took damage when jumping down below. It wasn't a huge deal, but it was something I could never figure out.On the positive side, the story leaves room for continuation, and I really enjoyed my first playthrough. The platforming elements are such that a casual player won't get frustrated, yet the Steam achievements, though attainable, do come bit of challange and are likely to appeal to a more avid gamer.The terrific world design meant that there was plenty of ""eye-candy"" to keep my attention. The minor oddities I pointed out did not detract from my gameplay, and I enjoyed it enough that I would purchase a sequel. I also look forward to a second playthrough."
,Recommended,281940,14999027,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,MeLTeDButta,"This is a short game from an independent studio. With that said, its a really cool game with a Tim Burton + Wolf Amongst Us feel to it. I was really impressed with the way everything looked, the game play was basic. But what really had me hooked was the world, the story, and the characters. For $10 its a little steep but if you'd like to support them I'd say its worth it. I'm looking forward to the sequel and hope they create similar types.Things I really liked about this:-The story looks amazing-Beautiful world and characters-Not your typical platformer-The dialogue and storyWhat I'd like to see more of:-More story and more length.-More improvements overall to everything as their budget goes up."
,Recommended,281940,17724407,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,wacko gecko,"My first impression about the game was how it looks so promising. I really loved the theme and story. Having a badass female protagonist in a dystopic fairy-tale is simply my thing.What I really liked about this game is:+ Voice acting - it was sooo good.+ Narration - unlike many other people, I enjoyed the rhyming sentences really really much. <3+ Character and environment design.+ Art style.+ Music.Now let's get to the things that I didn't like.There were quite a few bugs and game parts left unpolished here and there. It was obvious that the developers didn't spend enough time for usability/playability testing and QA. Even though it was still playable, controlling a character in a 2.5D world was a major distress when you cannot move the camera to see the positions of the platforms. Jumping on the wrong place because I couldn't see where exactly the other moving platform on the XZ plane, dying and spawing from the last checkpoint which is literally on the other side of the world has made me lose lots of time. And also, it made me want to ragequit maybe a 4328732 times.Another big problem was that enemies not having a health bar in combat, unless they're a boss. It doesn't affect playability that much, though.I am actually surprised that this game got that many negative reviews. Indie games usually have myriad drawbacks mostly because of the lack of experience and resources. Still, the game is very short, and you are the one to decide if it's worth paying for a game having many issues. However, I found the good sides of this game strong and I would recommend it.  Definitely, worth giving it a try.Note: I did not play the game that long. I left it running while I was AFK."
,Recommended,281940,14989020,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,"From Cracky, with love! ♥","8.5 / 10 - Beautiful game.In the first place before even starting the game, it reminded me (for obvious reasons) of Alice. So i kinda end up compering both games. To be said, i really (!) loved Alice: Madness Returns. And thus been said, i can say that Woolfe is a really awesome game.TheLOOKof it is very beautiful, the effects are smooth. When ever you just stop, you get the feeling you're looking at an artwork.TheGAMEPLAYin a nutshell is buttonsmash-action mixed with some basic plattforming. And it turns out to be really fun!The game feels very smooth. As soon as you start you just get into a flow and run through the game like you were born to do so. The plattforming part is not that challenging, but also not boring. The dev's managed to get a really balanced mix between action and plattforming.TheCOMBATis not really difficult. You have 2 basic attacks, 1 dodgemove and 4 combo-moves. Those combined the combat feels very smooth and is fun, but it's not really challenging. Once you understand your moves and the enemy-behavior you can outplay very easy every single enemy in the game, without any problems.TheSTORYLINEis exciting and a bit different from the fairy tales, but you'll have to find out more about it yourself!All in all i can say i really enjoyed this game. Woolfe gets points deduction from me, because:(1) there are still some bugs, which disrupts the game flow;(2) even on hard difficulty the game isn't really much harder; and(3) you'll have this game finished pretty fast.So in my opinion you will get a very cool game, with high quality content, for just 10 bucks. There are way more expensive games, with way less content, and way less quality. I had a lot of fun playing this game and really enjoyed it, and i am really looking forward to get the next part of this series!Buy recommendation for genre fans - hardcore plattformers and story enthusiast might want to wait till its on sale."
,Recommended,281940,14207788,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,thiz,"When I played the demo I was disappointed to say the least, but this feels like a new game.The combat feels floaty at first, but gets so much fun once you get used to it.The Level design is great, beautiful art, good spooky and atmospheric music.The writer of Red Hood's Monologues deservers awards, its the good way of rhyming, not the hipster ""look at us we are so indie"" way of rhyming like you know it from Child of Light. This game feels honest and well crafted, there is no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t involved. Yes, it has its bugs, but thats to be expected from early access. The Developers seem to be really nice and in touch with their community and the first small update to fix some stuff already came out a few hours after early access was released, so I am not afraid of them not being able to fix what needs to be fixed.This has the potential to be one of the best fairytale related games, if not the best. I actually think it could surpass American McGee's Alice, once we see it shine bright and polished. Well worth your money, probably the best 10 bucks I spend in a long time."
,Recommended,281940,14955590,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,OccamAsylum,"1.Visually this game looks pretty good. It has a very brightly lit atmosphere like Trine. Major annoyance however, is the absence of mouth movements to the dialogue. I mean even basic lip syncing would've been acceptable..2.It's not necessarily challenging in my 2 hours of play so far, but you CAN screw yourself over and be forced to restart a chapter/from checkpoint.3.The combat is incredibly basic. Hack and slash to the extreme. No block mechanic unfortunately. Fighting large groups of enemies may not always be a good idea.4. The story seems fairly interesting, but it's hardly gripping. I'm not on the edge of my seat trying to plow my way through the platforming to find out what's going on.5. Collectibles are pretty easy to find. They unlock diary entries. I haven't looked at them yet, so I can't tell you if they're really beneficial or interesting.6. You're more likely to die from a mistake or misstep than anything else.7. Is it worth $9.99? It might be more of a $4.99 game to be honest, but maybe more gameplay will change my mind.8. Either way you should give it a shot when the price is right for you.It's a rather fun puzzling platformer when you just want to play something for a bit and move on."
,Recommended,281940,14561819,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Germaximus,The price tag on this game should make it an instant buy for everyone!Gorgeous graphics especially considering it's an indie game. I always love a dark twist on old fairy tales. Excellent voice acting and fun gameplay.Full playthrough of the Early Access Beta athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEjkI_tS4nU&feature=youtu.beI can't wait for the full game!
,Recommended,281940,14941487,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Anonymoose,A good fun game to waste some time and get some cards to sell for change.Pro'sGood LookingDecent but uninspired platformingExcellent telling of a pretty good reimagining of a classicFunDoesn't out stay its welcomeSomewhat of stealth mechanicsCon'sPretty uninteresting combatLazy enemy design on the ratsVery hard to see said lazily designed ratsAlmost no directionStupid unnecessary comments from Red that had no purpose in being thereThe game makes you go slow at many points (I assume to make it last slightly longer)Many jumps that you think you can make and might hold secerts just end in you falling through the ground and dyingVery bad checkpoints in late game that send you back very farOverallI would go back and play it again but I would really have to be bored. Worth the $10 i droped on it. It was an interesting story with basic platforming and combat. Had a stealth mechanic that was pretty useless. I refuse to do a regular 1-10 ranking as they are pointless. A list of pro's and con's are better in any situation.
,Recommended,281940,14958190,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,gwwtbg,"Woolfe is a decent 2.5D hack'n'slash platformer. The story is a darker reimagining of the classic fairy tale about Red Riding Hood (although, considering that in the first published version, penned by Perrault, both Granny and Red die and the tale is essentially a warning to girls about the dangers of sexual predators, the original is pretty dark to begin with...). Red has lost both her parents and blames evil dictator B.B. Woolfe (big bad wolf) for it. She is on the search for revenge, which she plans to deliver with a sharp axe. On the way towards Woolfe, she cuts down a few dozen tin soldiers and aggressive rats, as well as a mini-boss in the form of Pied Piper.The main selling point of the game is its art style -- the game is visually very impressive. The combat is ok and the boss battles are not very difficult (unless you're playing on hard difficulty, in which case the final boss battle will require a few retries). The platforming is not particularly demanding for the most part, there are a couple of timed sequences but there is enough time to complete the challenges without too much frustration. For those obsessed with collecting every secret they can find in a level, there are emblems scattered here and there which unlock diary entries (mostly information expanding on the story and characters). Many are easy to miss when going through a level for the first time, but it is easy to reload an earlier chapter and find them all; redoing a level doesn't take long as levels are pretty short.That is also the main drawback to the game -- it is very short. I repeatedly re-did earlier chapters in order to find everything and get as many achievements as I could, so it took me about 6.5 hours to complete the game. But if you are not going for achievements and secrets, it can be finished in a couple of hours. Some may feel this length doesn't justify the price, but I think 10 euros is fair considering how much work obviously went into the game. If you're worried about the length, maybe wait for the game to go on sale, but Woolfe is worth playing."
76561197999015663,Recommended,281940,29089717,Posted: 7 January,all,Aros,"Short version: If it costs you under 2 euro, buy it, it may be worth it.Somewhat longer version: The game is VERY short. As you can see I finished the game within 2 hours and half of that time was spent in boss fights which were extremely hard because of some bugthat always caused the Red to run in one direction and I just couldn't do anything about it (I ended up stuck wunning against some wall till the boss killed me). The gameplay is VERY repetitive. That's why it is good the game is so short. The graphics is absolutely amazing and it creates a great atmosphere. The game also claims to support conrollers but mine didn't work (Defender L2).Summary:+amazing graphics+ great atmosphere+ Badass Red Hood- repetitive (short)- very buggy"
76561198148743615,Recommended,281940,17593766,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,M3ta1Drummer,"I had a lot of fun with this game, it was enjoyable. I really hope part 2 come out someday."
,Recommended,281940,18554813,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,ladysharny,"Pretty graphics, lovely music and fun platforming.It's a good one."
,Not Recommended,281940,20598285,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Donoho,"I hate not recommending this game.It's abeautifulgame with solid concepts, unfortunately it feels like it just wasn't done yet.  Even worse, it feels like it was really close.Too many invisible walls in some areas and not enough in othersInconsistent pacing and mixed signals in directionGood flow that is frequently and abruptly stoppedFinal encounter bug(s) which made it impossible to winI would LOVE to play and highly recommend the finished version of this game. Unfortunately, with the closing of the studio that developed it, I'm pretty sure that's not going to happen."
,Recommended,281940,15891657,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Randomshadows,"There are several factors to consider when buying this game.On sale:If it's on sale, go for it. It's a nice game for a few quid and a couple hours of your time. Full price though.... maybe have a good think about it first.Story:The narrative is simple, which I like. Although there are clear plans for a sequel, the story does not touch on as many aspects of the traditional fairy tale as it could have. Excellent concept, but needs some more depth and expansion. Things seem a little jumbled; The instances of ""magic"" don't fit into the overall aesthetic of the game; perhaps more context there would give us a better idea of the world we're playing in.Length:The game is exceedingly short. Two bosses and several frustrating platforming levels later, I'm disappointed at the abrupt ending and ""cliffhanger"".Visuals:Stunning. The visuals are excellent! Loved the steampunk/gothic victorian vibe in the city surroundings. The Forest Areas however, arrive in the story quite abruptly with very little context. The 3D elements are excellent, and interesting, challenging at some parts as well. However, it probably would have been better to introduce it more gradually as a SECTION of the forest which was cursed, enchanted or ruined by Woolfe. Overall though, very visually appealing and stylistic.Controls:Damn, you need a controller for this one! No doubt about it. Keyboard is not a good idea. With an actual controller, controls are simple and varied enough to keep you interested. However, I have to complain about the frustrations concerning combos - To me, mashing combo moves in combat should be allowed whenever possible to retalliate against enemies who are powerful, rather than at sch specific points in combat. Not sure if others were having difficulties, but I found myself pressing buttons for combos and having my commands ignored.Jumping and legdes etc - would have been nice to have been able to jump on top of more objects and have a better aspect of exploration. Sometimes there are issues with jumping on particular ledges you should be easily able to get onto.Dialogue:Some lip sync and dialogue boo boos in the final scene which is disappointing. After battling Woolfe, it's a well deserved cutscene which could have been better executed. During the Woolfe battle, I might add, there is a lack of dialogue/ sound effects from Granny at appropriate moments. Gasping or screaming after her being grabbed would have been a nice (and necessary) addition.Things to note:Loved the animation, the stunning visuals and the variety of different level viewpoints in the game. There is a lot of variance in the angles for the platforming levels, which I actually quite enjoyed. Definitely worth a play if you want something pretty, but if you like a deep and lengthy story campaign with plenty of characters to delve into, maybe it isn't your cuppa tea!TL;DRNice visuals, basic controls, great platforming gameplay with some frustrating parts, TOO. DAMN. SHORT. Would have loved more story in there."
,Recommended,281940,33114997,Posted: 1 July,all,SilentCaay,"Completed in 2.2 hours. Probably not worth the full price and probably not worth it on sale unless you're really into fairy tales. The entire game is basically two chapters out of what should be a 5 or 6 chapter story.If you are into fairy tales, the aesthetic is pretty nice and there is fully voiced rhyming dialog throughout the game to set the mood. The controls are a little bit clunky during platforming but they're not the worst I've ever dealt with. Just make sure you use a controller.Overall, it could use a bit of polish and a lot more content but it's playable if the aesthetic grabs you. I would suggest waiting for a good sale price, though."
76561198194433958,Recommended,281940,15727204,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,birdie,"First of all this game looked promising at the first sight for me but the shock was really huge considering I've played Alice Madness Returns and this game is kinda alike in terms of character and dark theme play.Here is my review of this game, Hope you like it (no spoilers anywhere so don't worry) :-Story 5/10:-This game talks about this little Red girl whom father went missing and so on ... (I don't wanna spoil the game)so the storyline for the game is kinda weak in terms of finding it attracting and failing to suck you into the action or even feel the characters in the game, So I am giving this game 5 outta 10 cuz' it failed to impress me since I thought that this game is going to have a really deep original storyline.Gameplay 6/10:-The game offers sadly a very linear gameplay you just go in kill bunch and then go to the next map, And when there is some enemies that you cannot beat easily the game actually has bugs in it you could use them to kill these enemies, The point is this game wanted to offer you a good combo system and a flexable gameplay mechanisim but it actually failed in my opinion.Graphics 6/10:-You could easily go back a few years and get a game that actually looks  better BUT let's not see it this way, So the thing is this game has a really good atmosphere but sadly it's badly designed and tried to make you feel the game, So It's good for let's say an average game but maybe they could make it better so you get sucked into the game more and more.Audio 8/10:-The only thing that this game really make it's shine is the soundtracks! It actually blew my mind that this game had anything that good in my opinion and it has like that dark ish theme that could make you feel like you are reading or watching a movie of the Red, I really liked it and it's beautifully made! Good job.Main Character 7/10:-Well what to say, The whole design of the Red is actually ugly I mean look at her eyes they are so scary in an ugly way when the game's cover has Red looking scary in a good way or you can say a ""cool way"" but sadly when I started the game and looked at her I was like ""what the hell is this?!"", I hoped for a really awesome Red but sadly the answer was NO.Voice Acting 8/10:-Another thing that this game makes it well is also audio related, The vocie acting is actually really good in my opinion and you can easily blend yourself in listening to Red talking and making jokes about every damn thing!==============Final Score:- 6.6/10 (Time killer)So in the end I hope you guys can see the game and MAYBE you can enjoy it better than I actually did in terms of that humans can differ in their own opinions, So I hope you liked the review and found it reasonable somehow!And to the people who were actually complaining about how short the game is , Yes I am totally with you guys and we hope to see the Red one day back again with more content and better desgining !Byebye <3"
76561198108479195,Not Recommended,281940,20584179,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Slick Digby,"Ultimately doesn't live up to its potential.-the combat system is shallow-dialouge is...just so bad and regularly goes on for far too long-platforming feels clunky-viewing unlocked collectibles takes you back to the main menu-checkpoints are weirdly spaced out-campaign is maybe 3 hours long+there is an attempt to reimagine a fairy tale/ distopian lore which could work+the game crashed when I tried to exit it and consequently removed the desktop icon, saving me the effort"
,Recommended,281940,16051408,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cthulhu Girl,"First playthrough time: 3 hoursMajor Pros:Great atmospheric art styleGood twist on a popular fairy taleInteresting collectibles give secret hunting players insight into the creation of the game and character backstoriesMinor Pros:Dialog finds fun ways to rhyme which plays well into the fairy tale themeMultiple difficulty levels that actually feel like what they say they areGood level varietyMajor Cons:""Magic"" abilities are hard to use control wiseNot as long as I wanted and the ending leaves you kind of hanging (2nd game?)Minor Cons:Voice acting isn't stellar and the writing is a bit overly dramatic sometimesI'd have liked some more polygons on the main character, she felt blocky compared to the other modelsI was attracted to this game for its art style and unique twist on the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale. I really liked the atmosphere of the game and even though the voice acting was perhaps too flat and the writing a bit too dramatic (occasionally an amusing combo) I liked the story a lot. My biggest complaint was that I wanted the game to be longer to really answer all the questions I had, but it looks like that'll have to wait for a possible game two. The ""magic"" also seemed to be finicky about whether it wanted to work when I hit the buttons and I found the last ability you learn impossible to use because of this (though I didn't actually need it). Gameplay wise I liked the level variety and the artistic changes in setting and feel as the character changes location. The different abilities you acquired all felt right for the different situations and although there could've been a few more enemies for diversity, it seemed appropriate for the story. The various obstacles and terrain you had to navigate felt refreshing in each new environment and there was never a moment of ""oh great, this again"", though boss battles did typically take a few tried to figure out how to beat. Overall I found the game very enjoyable and would recommend it to anyone that likes a short hack-n-slash game with a folklore themed story."
,Not Recommended,281940,20579625,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"For $3.75, I wasn't hoping for much. I was impressed at the beginning but as the game progressed, the lousy respawn points really spoilt my impression of the game. There are only 2 voice actors in the whole game, Red and her grandmother. Other characters like B.B. Wolfe and the Pied Piper just say nothing.PROS1. Storytelling StyleThe narrative is told by Little Red Riding Hood in a rhyming fashion. It's pretty good when it rhymes but horrible at all the other times.2. Background Foreground InteractionI love the way you can move back and forth from the foreground to the background. It's unintuitive to do with keyboard controls but I found a way around it.CONS1. BugsLots of them, I took the screenshots and uploaded them to Steam.2. ControlsThey didn't port it over properly. I couldn't see my health and mana bars at all.3. Game TimeIt's so short and I played it on Hard mode. It took only 2 hours. This was crap.4. Respawn PointsIf you die, the respawn points can take you all the way back to the beginning. Chapters cannot start from mid way, they must start from the beginning.5. The CombosYou only use the Wolf Claw at the very last stage against Wolfe and that's where you get the last combo. You only use it for 1 battle and it's not even necessary to win.6. Uncompleted GameJust based on the ""To be Continued"" ending, I am most disappointed. The story is meant to go on with Red saving Ulrica. and you using all the combos. You might even find out that Red is somehow related to B.B. Wolfe even. It is hinted that her mother was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥before being put in the mines.The fact that there are over 100 Kickstarter supporters for this game really disappoints me the most. You didn't even complete the game with so many supporters."
,Recommended,281940,17660147,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Steffu,"Personally, the poor reviews and sales are a joke and misunderstood.Only just started this game and you know what? It's pretty damn good, it's dark, epic and the graphics are gorgeous. I love the protagonist, a strong character.If there's anything I will nitpick on it's trying to grab onto bars and pipes, sometimes it's hard to reach and I DID keep falling and dying most of the time. I've still got more to experience as I go on.Overall, this is actually a good game, highly recommend it to those who are looking for a dark platformer with deadly weapons.It's nice to play a platformer for once that isn't cartoony and cute. It's a good play, go for it."
,Recommended,281940,14994645,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Animator,"The game world is beautiful, and I really love the character design. Game play is fairly polished. However there are a few invisible walls and areas that seem to look accessible and are not. This game is a breath of fresh air for Indie Steam games with so much junk taking up space this one is a true gem. This is a setup store for more to come, and I look forward to future installments.Pros:-Beautiful World and setting-Red Riding Hood with a Ax! (what is not to love about that)-Creative art direction.Cons:-To Short! @9.99 I feel like it should have had at least another 1½ – 2 hours of game play.-Combat can be a bit Clunky, and additional weapons could ad variety.-A lot of area looks explorable but is not"
,Recommended,281940,14992314,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,teella,"Love it! I always like fairy tail themed games. The enviroments are beautiful, runs excellent on high settings. Red Riding Hood is cute, edgy and dark. The puzzles are fun and it's more than just a side scroller. When I saw it was 2.5D I was expecting just a plain side scroller, but this game uses depth. The camera work is well done and feels nature while playing.My only complaint is the default controls are in my opinion terrible. You can change them but your limited to what you can use (eg: no numbers or mouse buttons)."
,Not Recommended,281940,28231412,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Frizz,"An inferior version of Trine in everyway. The game has a dark twist on a fairy tale plot of Red Riding hood, with the the Woolfe being a businessman oppressing a city. A solid idea with an interesting, if poorly executed, visual style.However:Only two characters talk,Combat is mash quick attack, then hit heavy when blocked.Platforming is aweful with your shadow disappearing at random and depth being a large issue.Rhyming speech which often doesn't rhyme.Lots of good ideas thrown into a pot, but having beaten it in 2hours on hard, it's just not that good."
,Not Recommended,281940,21700947,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,phoenix249,"I found the game very trying cause i'm so used to having control from my mouse.Having no 360 degree field view made movement eratic and unstable. Play this game on the easiest level to start with so as to get most of your  achievments then hard level to finish with. That way you can concentrate on the main game. But like i said i found the keyboard controls just fumbley. The game does not finish just ends after you save granny indercating another follow on game. I've also heard that that will not be happening. So Do i recommend this game, based on my review you would have to say NO."
76561198187740314,Recommended,281940,24742030,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Val,"This game is actually interesting. It's somewhat different from the regular fairy tale and it's got some nice design elements in it. I like the whole new spin on the Wolf and such and it's a great concept to learn more about the characters as you collect special items like the W insignia from WOOLFE industries and such. But it can be very glitchy at times and some of the W letters are somewhat difficult to find or gain access to.Overall I enjoyed the game. It was a very quick one, there's not that much to do in it aside from fight the bad guys, get through the game, pcick up the collectables and fight the final boss. Sounds like a lot but the game is really rather simple to complete if you're just running through it. There isn't much option to explore this steam punkish fairy tale world and unless you get the right collectibles you won't find out the little side stories that go on in the main plots, and the game itself doesn't explain it all that well. Its like it's expecting the player to just KNOW without giving much background on it. Which isn't that surprising if you know your fairytales.If you're looking for a complex game, then don't bother with this. You won't like it. However if you're looking for something new, short and sweet then give it a go, you might be as pleasantly surprised with it as I was."
76561197971871418,Recommended,281940,17739508,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Lost_Tiger,"So sorry to hear this bad news... had no problems running this game in Windows 7.  I wish your independent Team finds a way to come back to life... I had fun playing and have recommended this to others.Again, I am sorry to see this story to end like this... thank you for your effort and passion..."
,Recommended,281940,15142055,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CyberusUK,"Woolfe The Red Hood Diaries by GRIN Review.Introduction:Woolfe is a platform action game developed by GRIN game studio. It was funded by Kickstarter and has been on Steam Greenlight early access, the games official released on 17/03.2015. The game takes the Red Riding Hood fairy tale and twists it into a dark revenge fantasy that sees are heroin take her axe to the mechanical army of B.B.Woolfe.imageStory:The story is well written, using fairy tales we all know and twisting them into something altogether darker and more sinister. Lets be clear this may essentially be a platform game but Sonic it is not, this is not a game for children. But also its no survival horror ether, its like Tim Burton does Red Riding Hood with violence. And if you are a Tim Burton fan you’ll be right at home with this style of story telling. It also bares some resemblance to DC’s Fables that we’ve already had the game Wolf Among Us.Gameplay:Woolfe is what the developers call a 2.5D game, what this means is though you can move in 3D the levels are done in layers with you only travelling on one plane at any moment. Its an interesting idea that for the most part works pretty well. Though there is the occasional odd camera angle, its rare enough not to mire the experience. Like all platform games there are frustrating moments where whatever you do you just cant seem to make a jump or get past a enemy. But it plays well and is a pretty enjoyable experience. There are a few areas that could do with polish mind, for instance the game doesn’t always give you a clear direction where to go. Now I’m not saying it should spell it out for us, just that in some areas the game almost seem to guide you in completely the wrong direction. I also came across a few glitches, nothing huge but it can be frustrating just falling clean through a platform you landed perfectly on. Thankfully these glitches are few and far between, there not persistent and will no doubt be fixed in future updates. My last grip and really an expected one is the game is short, this is an evening of play not even a day. But the game is the first part and not a full title and a £6.99 you expect this, but I enjoyed it and really wanted more.Presentation:This is where Woolfe really shines, you don’t expect this kind of polish from a Kickstarter game. There are maybe only three enemy models excluding bosses and maybe three variations of those models, but it doesn’t become stale at all. The levels are wonderfully designed and Red herself is really stylized in an almost anime way, there’s a huge amount of work gone into the art and style of Woolfe. So much so at times its very easy to forget that this isn’t a triple A title, but a Greenlight one. There are a few animation quirks but unless like me your looking for them, you’ll probably never even notice.I’ve very much fallen for the style of Woolfe, and though the style is nothing new its been done so well. The artist/team who designed it really should get special recognition for there work.Conclusion:I really enjoyed Woolfe. Though its pretty clear there is a case of style over substance here, the substance is pretty good too. I do wish it was longer, but I knew what to expect going in. The issues and glitches I experienced didn’t harm the experience what so ever and I will be playing this game lots more. I hope that GRIN don’t keep us waiting too long for the second installment and in the mean time I would advise you to go get yourself a copy from steam too. It’s no Skyrim or GTA5, but its good fun and I really liked it.If you liked this review, check outhttp://www.cyberusuk.com/post/113994791258/woolfe-the-red-hood-diaries-by-grin-reviewfor more."
,Not Recommended,281940,25007225,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ari,"Pros:1) The story is somewhat charming. Interesting twist on a traditional fairy tale.2) The scenery is absolutely gorgeous. I found myself spending an hour just looking around at all the beauty.3) Combat was decent.4) If you enjoy jumping puzzles there is one big jumping puzzle in this game. ( I kind of wish they could have encorporated more into the game.)5) There are two parts where you have to race against an enemy or run from many enemies and both were enjoyable.Cons:1) The story is super super short. 3.5 hours in and I've already beaten the game. I was also hoping for more story depth and more character development and just more characters. . .2) I earned 11 achievements throughout the playthrough, and now that I've started the game on hard for the second playthrough I have 0 achievements. The achievements reset.3) Minor bugs throughout the game. They didn't bother me until the final boss fight. The final boss fight has some really annoying bugs that need to be corrected.4) There is only one voice actor throughout the whole game pretty much until the very end. Using the same voice actor over and over gets kind of annoying. . .5) You are super squishy. You die often. If you don't like getting killed often don't get this game. Normally I am pretty patient with games, but when you can get killed in 2 to 3 hits by bosses or get instakilled by obstacles in boss fights the game kind of gets frustrating.If you really want to try this game I suggest you get it during a sale. It is not worth $9.99. I am so glad I bought this during the steam summer sale.Did I enjoy this game? Yes. I'm just really not sure if I'd recommend it to friends or other people"
76561198063380985,Not Recommended,281940,24055478,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shanye,"First of all I want to mention the good things about this game:I really liked the design of the characters and the world surrounding the player. It was a very enjoyable dark, dusty steampunk world. Reminded me a lot of Alice from American McGee and Tim Burton the same time.The story was interesting, and I really liked the voice of Red.But (big but sadly):I didn't enjoy the gameplay. I would have found it better if the concentrated on one concept of game. Hack'n Slay or Jumpn' Run or Riddles. If it were a Jump'n Run with the same story with out the senseless fighting  I think it would be much more enjoyable.Especially in the woods I was more then confused and enraged, because the player wasn't able to see what he had to do. Sure dying a multiple times at a certain point isn't that bad, but it's annoying if it throws in to spawning enemies all of the sudden or you have to start far away from your death point.Or the chase scene: It was way too fast to get your head through which path you have to follow.Another thing is the not existing saving! Yeah, one could figure out when the game saves by itself, but then please insert a save sign / checkpoint so the player knows.And the non existing damage points. Basically you don't know how much damage you make, how much you can endure. If you fall you're dead, sometimes you can touch gas and don't die, but another time you die immediatly without realizing what hit you nor what you should do about it.So yeah, it was beautiful but I was really annoyed by the end and just wanted to finish it for the sake of the story."
,Recommended,281940,15033068,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,palmerhn,"For some reason the game keeps on crashing. I am now past the sewers and back in the city but then it crashes and I am not sure what to do. If I play offline then my saved games are lost. Can anyone recommend something  please, thank you!"
76561197993419223,Recommended,281940,15003506,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Blood Merlin,"I was waiting for this kind of storytelling about the Red Hood since American McGee's Alice. I really enjoyed this game. The town scenery is great and all graphics elements fit great to this game. This game is made very well, but unfortunatelly there are bugs, glitches and short gameplay. I think after polishing few game elements (combat, special combos) and give more chapters this game could be great and can be copmpared to AAA titles. Good job GRIN, I really looking forward to next chapter. :-)"
76561198041007422,Recommended,281940,14998415,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,sleepykelvina,"Despite its relatively short length, I had a good time with this game. I loved the art style and had a nice giggle at the idea of Red Riding Hood with an axe and a vendetta. I found the levels and boss fights moderately challenging. Some might find the price a bit steep for 2-3 hours worth of gameplay, but I enjoyed it enough that I feel like I got my money's worth. I suppose your milage may vary. I'm really looking forward to the next installment."
,Recommended,281940,18556217,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,B3NJ0007,I like it ! I love it ! really ! I don't understand why but there are worse games than this one and have better grades...
76561198074895462,Recommended,281940,14256667,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,PatrickES1,The story seems good and personally I'm a fan of platformers; although being a tad glitchy with with the opening cut-scenes and taking into consideration that the game is in early access minor bugs and set backs are to be expected. I look forward to seeing how the game further develops.
76561198007270770,Recommended,281940,14940568,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Feuer der Veränderung,A nice short game with a great atmosphere.I have played it now nearly 5 hours and now make the last boss fight (which feels impossible at hard).My main problem with the game is the use of abilities in theorie this should be easy (you just have to press 2 keys at the same time) but it works only 10% of the time.
,Recommended,281940,15590869,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,fwGuedes,"I really like the gamebut...in the end scene I scream : WHAT?! That the END?! I want more!so..:)I like the way the story was re-tellI like the scenario so muchthe battle system is simple but funand..well..I could not play it with the joystick, I do not know why, always worked with the other games"
76561197976081787,Recommended,281940,16344782,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mdwbm,"First off, this is a very short game.  You can beat this in about 2 hours. From the ending, it looks to be an episodic adventure. So provided it continues, this has the potential to be a really good game.Story wise, you play Red. Your mother is dead and your father killed. You go searching the nearby city for clues as to how your father died. Along the way you find out that there are girls disappearing from the school. As you venture out you fight storybook villains. The 2 storylines are decent and nothing special.As for the graphics. I looks like a cross between American McGhee’s Alice and Giana Sisters. Granted, everything looks really good, it just looks like most of it was borrowed. Especially when you get to the forest. Sometimes the scenery will get in the way of your view or it will look like you can go a certain way only to end up dying for making a wrong step. In certain locations, the rats and traps look very identical to the ground. You may accidentally jump straight into one of them.The music in the game is decent. There is nothing that will stand out making you want to stop and just listen. The dialog from the characters rhymes from dialog to dialog. That is probably one of the best features of the game. They do not say anything too important but they do manage to make what they say rhyme.The controls are probably the worst part of this game. Combat is sluggish and not very effective. As you get introduced to new moves a banner pops up in the middle of the screen and will not go away until you press the corresponding buttons. However, the fight continues on in the background (in slow motion but still going). Secondly the jumping mechanics (actually the landing mechanics) need lots of work. If you drop from too high a ledge you take damage. If you jump off a ledge to land on a lower ledge you will take damage if you jump to high. With this happening quite often, it would appear that certain locations are not supposed to be traveled when in fact that is the direction you need to go.One final bad thing. Although I do not expect a game to tell me everything, when fighting guys who one hit kill would be something I should know considering the enemies always seem to get in a hit. Fortunately there are infinite continues.With all this being said, Woolfe is actually a good game with quite a bit on polish needed. Hopefully they will continue the story and rectify a lot of the issues."
76561198187971031,Recommended,281940,15181711,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,suemasens65,"So far I like this game some of the sections are difficult but thats ok. What I dont like is when you die then you are sent back too far and have to do the same route over and over this get one down a bit. and when youclose because you cant figure where to go then everything is start again,"
76561198036567375,Recommended,281940,18008979,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,magnus0073,"I only recently discovered this game and found it to be a hidden gem. So sad to see that they brilliant team that put this one together had to call it quits as this was a great little game. I'm thinking it didn't have enough visibility as for myself it quickly became one of my favorites, and this is from someone with over 1000 titles when you add up Steam, Origin, and all the rest."
,Recommended,281940,14961424,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SawBladeXDX,Yeah say it not over then it be over... so sad... I actuaclly was enjoying the game and liked the story telling type speech. bit chucky game play and the 3d layering a bit wonky at times trying to make sure ur in the right layer. Wish it was longer cause it was a neat twist. Hopefully More is let out soon. I like to know how it ends. also like how real facts of the fairytales are put into it. neat little twists.With this game I would say to weigh out how much your willing to spend and how patient you are to repeat some stuff more because of sometimes game mech mess you up. and it about 2 hours long. But it was neat.
,Recommended,281940,15244125,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,hikaru2322,"Not sure why it was so short. Kinda wish we got the full thing instead of a ""to be continued"". I just feel like it left a bad taste in my mouth. Normally, I would all be for a sequel, but since the game is so short (3 hours), I'm not happy about it. However, it is a fantastic game!Great story, character design, and detailed graphics. Especially for an indie game like this.The puzzles were VERY frustrating. Like, screaming frustrating. Most of the 3 hours played was due to how annoying the puzzles were. And I was on easy mode!I do LOVE this game, and can't wait to see more. But, I do feel a little cheated with how short it is."
76561198138961495,Recommended,281940,16436886,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JNell,Very pleased with this game thus far
,Recommended,281940,14964942,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hengst2404,"This game certainly fits the mold of spiritual successor to American McGee's Alice. The first Alice, mind you, which featured combat and challenging platforming combined with new takes on classic stories. As a 2d platformer/action game, for the most part, Woolfe works rather well. The world is dark, but interesting, the steampunk-esque setting brings back memories of Dishonor and the story, told mostly through diary entries and rhyming verses, is competent.The platforming aspects are where Woolfe really gets the chance to shine. From the stages where you are being chased, to avoiding traps and environmental puzzles, you will be challenged. Do not be surprised if you do your sharing of dying, particularly in the woods.The combat was a bit more uneven for me, While I appreciate slowly having the controls revealed, there was a distinct gap in early and later difficulty levels. For me, I was unstoppable up until right before I went in the sewers, where all of a sudden the game required some actual thought and strategy in the combat. The two major boss fights were both fun and annoying in terms of how quickly you could die, at least on normal level where I played.For 10 dollars, you will find 3+ hours of fun and I ultimately found that to be a worthwhile expenditure of both my time and my money. I think Grin has shown that they can craft a beautiful and interesting gaming experience and I look forward to playing the second part when it is released. I did not face any serious bugs while playing, but YMMV as always."
76561197966717909,Recommended,281940,15793927,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sanami,"i was hoping the control was like McGee's Alice. then i realized this game was side scroll, but still good.and I bought 2 copy one for me and one for my bro. then the game give me a free copy in my inventory...damn it man..."
,Recommended,281940,17618805,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,[TOKU]Alex,"Nice try to repeat the success of Alice from EA. But I was happy with only 82%. The game is good, but there are some downsides:1 Who would not say, but the gameplay is poorly designed2 Optimization not at the highest level3 the Story is good ,but too lame.In General, can be estimated at 8.5/10"
76561198045597809,Recommended,281940,15894777,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,=(e)=Meatpocket,"Over all, cool story. Warped, fairy tale puzzle game. Worth the 20 for a cool twist."
76561198168008916,Recommended,281940,18226457,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DarkWolfNL,i hope one day you guys will finish it because it's a amazing game i have a let's play made for it hopefully that will get people's to notice the game. good luck
,Recommended,281940,15190027,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,maximonstar,"Sigh, I want to like this game, but there is too much going against it.  The short length makes the game less annoying and that is why I recommend it.Woolfe is Red Riding Hood and American McGee put into a blender and poured out. The visuals, dark story and platforming all come from Alice.  The platforming is okay, but can be kind of sluggish. The game has very good voice acting from the voice actress.My main problem with this game is the Axe.  It is the worst weapon I ever played with in a hack and slash platformer. It is incredibly weak and there is something that is sluggish about Red’s Axe.  Red can be also very annoying because the writing is horrible. Who thought the tag line was a good idea to say aloud in the game, not once, but twice.  Also the games director did not know when to start or end a voice over.I hope the developer’s address the issues in the sequel, but in the end buy this game at your own risk."
76561198072851386,Recommended,281940,15247692,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,[-C-a-D-]「超・おゆき」,"I finish this game in 1.8 hrs and when it's over, i cant hold my voice down to yell : ""What the ""FAST"" ? What the ""FAST"" is this ???""This game too short and... doesnt have replayable. If you want to buy this game, just buy it on sale, dont try to buy it with 10$.About gameplay, you'll see your character easy to die with no reason, and i think this game have some bugs. In boss fight, you will die immediately when you get hit by boss skill. Camera is so sick, too hard to see what the hell happen around you.So... if you want to read another story about the Red Hood, just buy it."
,Recommended,281940,15432422,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Silentsouls,"Negative points i find: the music repeats over and over again and gets anoying at some point.I was into the game a few acts in, and i found myself fighting BB wolf. found it way to hard for the current state of the game, this was something for the endboss, wich came to a suprise it was the endboss.Short story long, it was a short story.Having that out of my system, i hope there will be a few more episodes comming, i enjoyed the game,it connects from time to time to the original story."
,Recommended,281940,14952724,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,CommandThrower,"""Woolfe"" is a game that I've only heard of today. I'm a big fan of ""American McGee's Alice"", and this game gives off big vibes of that game. While not as dark and twisted as ""American McGee's Alice"" this game does sport a lot of dark and beautiful backdrops that our heroine Red Riding Hood traverses to and from during her journey of revenge.That said, the game is rough around the edges; combat is passable, but very rough. The platforming feels good, nothing amazing; but it works well. In spite of that, I found the game to be very fun. If you're a fan of the Little Red Riding Hood mythos, as well as a fan of American McGee's Alice, then this game is worth your time. I look forward to playing future episodes of this game."
,Recommended,281940,15315443,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Ursanic,"Was a pretty decent game, interesting plot, was a bit short though I finished it in ~3 and a half hoursI really loved the forest part, the stages were beautiful."
,Recommended,281940,15543000,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dmitry Odd,Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries: history of the girl with an axe.Actually the stylistics of game are really good. As the gloomy city in places reminding Pandora. Excellent music was included into the atmosphere of game.Good travel for a couple of hours. Alice: Madness Returns for me deeper. 6\10
76561198084800803,Recommended,281940,15836759,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Kaliguth,"This game is really beautiful, but I gotta say I was kind of disappointed by how short it was. It was getting interesting!Red's voice added alot to the storyline.It was also a bummer when not all characters had voice actors.Lastly, there were a few graphical bugs that made it seem like the creators were too lazy to fix or work on."
76561198049560513,Recommended,281940,34125092,Posted: 9 August,all,Shadow Clown,"Oh my... where to start. It is a beautiful game (visually that is) with horrible, non-responsive controls. But I was intrueged by the story and therefore finished the game. Tears and screams of frustration could be heard coming from my room due to this game. The double jump and ledge grabs didn't always register which proves difficult when playing a platformer of some sorts. This game reminded me of Alice: Madness Returns in a visual manner. It is maybe worth a shot if you have extra money to spend and this game is on sale. If you have an older computer, I suggest setting all video options to low and if the game is still lagging, lower the resolution as well.Dispite me not loving this game... I don't necessarily hate it either. Mixed feeelings.(Recommended for a select few... this is definitely not the everyone.)"
,Not Recommended,281940,34007783,Posted: 3 August,all,CONIN,"Graphics and colours were  the first thing that got my attention when I saw this game for the first time.At that point, I knew nothing about its background story nor anything related to its developement, and, to be honest, neither I bothered about reading nor doing my research about this game, prior to buying it.Then, as soon as I began playing, I regreted buying it: the physics and mechanics are quite mediocre and unpolished, sometimes your character will get stuck so easily with the smallest objects, besides that, the responsiveness of the controls are not really ""responsive"", you'll feel like controlling a stiff, near to death character."
76561198218724396,Recommended,281940,15048493,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,ayla,I really liked playing this game: it is beautifully designed and the story is captivating.
76561198067177643,Recommended,281940,14979723,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sparks,"Jogo de cenários bonitos, simples...e de fácil entretenimento. Gostei muito do jogo, apesar de ser bem curto."
76561198024940064,Recommended,281940,14942390,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,VonJolly,"Edit: After playing the game through again and getting more of a hang on the combat, I found it quite fun. PRO TIP: use the sprint button, it helps alot! so no longer marred by jancky combat, I just did not understand it fully, and have changed the review to match.A very pretty game, an artisic achievment to say the least. however the overall expience is marred by bland story and meh writting, and a few unclear platforming segments. it's also very short, took me just under 2 hours to beat, but its only $10.  I love the artistic design, after playing it through a second time I fell in love with this game, its short and I want more.Graphics+very good character design+awesome enviornmental design-textue quality is a bit mehCombat+some fun to be had at first.+special moves are flashy and fun+fun to sprint around enemies+USE SPRIN IN COMBAT!! It makes it much fun! such slash! WO... *coughs up blood*-lots of istadeath in bosses (im lookin at you pied piper)Platforming+good feel, not too floaty and not too precise+well designed running segments+overall very enjoyable-some poor checkpoints-hard to see instadeath traps (spiks!!!)."
,Not Recommended,281940,14952311,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Captain Picard,"So i bought this assuming this will include the second part. But it doesn't they will release the 2nd part later this year as a seperate game. If i knew that i wouldn't have bought it. The game is less than 3 hours, I'm already at the last boss now 2 hours in. I guess you can extend the game it's lifeby achievement hunting if you are into that.I would't recommend buying this game unless it is on a sale."
76561197972560532,Not Recommended,281940,20685740,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,RuningOnBravado,"The Good:  Artsy graphics, pretty scenery and protagonist.  Dialogue is clever.The Bad:  Controls (keyboard), bad 3D platforming, bad combat, special abilities are worse than mashing the attack button.  Plot is childishly simple.It feels like the developer made a conscious choice to invest more time into art than mechanics, probably while watching the game over the shoulder of a playtester.  Unsurprisingly, that's how I recommend you enjoy this game - by watching it as a movie ( youtube playthrough... ).  If you still feel the urge to play it, go ahead, but do get it on special.  I can't recommend it at full price."
76561198116585298,Not Recommended,281940,24243528,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Don José,"""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!""...don't buy it.Woolfe is an episodic platformer with some action game elements into it developed by Belgian developer team GRIN.THE GOOD:+ Visuals: Anyone familiar with American McGee will be magnetized inmediately.+ Plot: Very entertaining, similar (but not on par) to how Alice Madness Returns unfolds (fantasy characters in a dark and gritty world).THE BAD:+ Constant framedrops: Idk if this happens only with W10, but I encountered this issue during all the game.+ Frequent glitches: Falling through platforms (I'm lookin' at you A Forest Adrift level), hitting through enemies, laggy controls.+ Edginess (personal nitpicking): I'll be honest, I'm a man who has more fun with a Syfy movie than a Woody Allen movie. That said, this game's plot gets shadowed by the fact that it tries hard to be dark and gruesome, but not like The Terminator, it's like the Shadow the Hedgehog game kind of dark, like a teenie boy dressed in Hot Topic clothes trying to impress by saying that he's demented and psycopathic in front of a convicted serial murderer...it's lame, it's pitiful, like a disturbed chihuahua biting a rottweiler's balls and it takes you away from whatever inmersion you could get from this game.THE UGLIER:+No updates, no fix (not soon at least): The dev team is no more, they disbanded shortly after the game's release.+Episodic game with one episode: Because the dev team disbanded, this is now an incomplete game.In conclusion, this game has some great potential to it, but without the dev team around to help and continue the game I can't recommend this to anyone, not even in bundles or discounts."
76561197974105367,Recommended,281940,20597482,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,METAL,"wish there was a neutral recommendation but i give it a thumbs up regardless.lets start with the bad parts of the game:this 2.5D platformer game has some challenging parts but nothing gets really explained or shown to you what will happen. few times i jump on to something, just to see that it will move and some even spin around, me dropping in to the oblivion.also certain camera angles made it hard to judge how far you can jump or if you have to move up or down, since its not just basic move left or right only.wile playing, you suddenly get explained a button command for a special attack. no reason was given to you as to why this attack triggered her to do that. its just there out of nowhere. also, not always does it respond to your command. regardless if you have full .....power ups??? again, it does not explain what these blue things are you pick up after defeating an enemy. its just used to perform these special attacks.our protagonists is narrating the entire plot wile you play. not during combat but things that could have been done with cutscenes instead. its certainly insightful to her character, what drives her to get revenge, how she is able to do things like fighting. it just feels cheap which could have made it a longer game. i managed it in 2 hours and i didnt even rush through it. still trying to find secret paths.instead of cutscenes to have even a better understanding of our protagonist, the camera pans in to the object you have interacted with wile she monologues about it.also the voice acting is questionable at times. especially at the end the lipsync didnt match at all with the speech.well, now the good stuff:graphics are very beautiful and colourful, despite the dark theme. it has its secrets path to find these glowing W's to unlock infos to your diary. its a good platformer were you can hang, double jump and move wile in the air. you are in a city, sewer and in a forest, that is rather of floating rocks but visually very beautiful. all of them has its challenging parts and puzzles.the story is interesting enough to play to the very end. its intriguing and you want to know what happened to her. she wants revenge for her fathers death but turns out there is more to it than just murder.you have 2 boss fights, which for some reason none of them ever speak. they are challenging and have to be figured out how to defeat them.verdict:despite the mentioned negativity, i still had a good time playing the game. its a good time waster, and certainly worth a try. but i would not recommend it at full price due the length alone and the mentioned bad parts."
76561197969267519,Not Recommended,281940,20627513,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,mastaH,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bugged and nnoying i cant even finish it without being angry as ♥♥♥♥. I regret buying it.
,Not Recommended,281940,20569069,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,exousia,I don't know if I would call this an adventure game. The graphics and art is fun but the game play is a little boring.
76561197975898631,Recommended,281940,18601009,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,"Summary: An Alice: Madness Returns-esque game that's visually stunning but rough around the remaining edgesIt's unfortunate that the development studio had to declare bankruptcy as there was potential for Woolfe to come closer to Alice: Madness Returns standards which is where I think it was going if it wasn't for money troubles. A Kickstarter/Indiegogo campaign could recover this game.The bad bits for me were:- Voice-overs: above average, but would've liked to hear more emotion in the narrator's voice as I didn't quite feel like I was being captured by RRH with the relatively fixed and tense tone the narrator used. Lack of voice-overs for other characters within the first couple of hours of playing it didn't help. Granny was the first one outside of RRH to actually speak any words- Music: During tense/key moments the music just stays the same and doesn't really fit what's happening at the time so the story being told isn't coming across as it should- Combat: Expect to take hits as dodging is nearly impossible and there's no method of blocking (certainly not in the first couple of  hours of gameplay) and it doesn't appear to scale well on different difficulty settings.- Cutscenes: Some of the more dramatic cutscenes such as the introduction to the Pied Piper and the entrance of Woofle's carriage lacked any sort of tension and were not accompanied by the right music or camera effects to help instill that tension/drama- Dialogue: Minor point, but some of the text dialogue doesn't match up to what's being narrated at the time- Environment: Found it very difficult identifying whether or not some easter eggs (Woofle emblems) would be accessible at a later stage in the game or at that very point. If they were accessible at the point you find them, I found it impossible in a few cases to figure out how to reach them, especially as up to that point most Woofle emblems have either been in your direct path or otherwise intuitively hidden behind boxes or a relatively easy to identify path (although it might be challenging to walk it)The good bits were:- Visually stunning; Easily ramped it up to high settings and embraced the beauty of it. They didn't spare much expense on the terrain and props and for the most part the characters themselves were excellent. Animations were good but needed a little polish.- Musical dialogue; if they invested a little more time in getting emotion across in the narration this would've been very captivating but I did like the musical/rhyming dialogue, it was a nice touch.- Gameplay variety; enough for me not to feel like I'm grinding away doing the same old thing. Environment interaction to learn about the story, elements of third person, side-scrolling and platformer gameplay, combat that includes special weapons and combo's and a light-weight tutorial that doesn't feel like it get's in the way of you playing the game.Overall, it showed promise, but I get the feeling that the money was funnelled predominantly into the visual effects when in actual fact they could've easily spared enough to get the weaker aspects up to scratch which would've make it a well rounded game.For now, if you see it cheap, get it; as it's worth a few hours of your time."
76561198077700682,Recommended,281940,19000071,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lord_Chinchilla,"this game is aswome only if your a fan of grims fairytales (mainly red riding hood) and rhymes, everything that is said is rhymeing, everything, everything rymes, to much rhyme.okay platformingdecent combatfun storiecheck each box that apliesyou have 10$ just sitting aroundits on saleyour waiting for the next aaa gameyou got nothing else to doyou realy want a game about red riding hoodyou want to critige and enjoy a game for its flaws and suceses at the same timeif 3 or more of thoughs aplie to you get it if not than don't.i only have .3 hrs because i dont have time to play it anymore but i do know what im talking about."
76561197972219840,Recommended,281940,20170141,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Roundnumbers,I thouroghly enjoyed the game. Simple and straightfoward. It was what it advertised itself to be. A run around jump and hack and slash with a revised little red riding hood story.Some of the camera controls could have been done better which I think would have been 100% solved by just giving control fo the camera to the player through the mouse but they were going for a certain side scroller style and they certainly achieved it.I am disappointed that the makers went out of business or whatever. They made something fun and good here.
,Recommended,281940,18572121,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Nameless,"Woolfe is an interesting short platforming adventure with an enchanting atmosphere and gorgeous graphics. It tells an alternative little red riding hood family retribution tale and lets you play the part of Hood on the hunt for the big bad Woolfe. Unfortunately, the game has a lot of occasional flaws which makes for a mixed experience. The forced camera angles sometimes make it impossible to see what's ahead and the combat is extremely clunky. The writing ranges between a rhyming old folk tale style and cringy dad jokes but the voice acting is decent. The aesthetics are fantastic but the texture quality varies greatly. The audio is for the most part pretty good.Recommended for patient fans of the genre and people who appreciate stunning visuals."
,Recommended,281940,18978206,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Junior,"Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is side-scrolling platform hack & slash game, developed and published by the Belgian ind(i)ependent studio GriN.In this game you play as the grown up Red Riding Hood to avenge the one who is responsible for the death of her mom, and dad who died in an work accident in the factory of B.B. Woolfe.Red doesn't believe it was an work accident and starts her own investigation.Armed with an axe, a red cape and a total overdose of anger, Red Riding Hood goes lone-wolf on an adventure from the dark Victorian city to the depths of the sewers and further into the woods to grandma's treehouse.During the game, Red Riding Hood moves through the levels by jumping from one platform to another in order to make it to the end of each level.During the journey, Red collects grandma's breadbaskets which acts as a checkpoint, demolish crates to collect Woolfe's diaries, fight against foes such as the tin soldiers who occupy the city under the command of B.B Woolfe, rats of the sewers, the pixies from the forest and has to solve puzzles who block her path.The game has amazing artwork, nice voice casting and great music!I can't say the same for the combat system which felt quite clunky to me but it didn't bother me that much in the overall picture.Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is a very short game and was supposed to be an episodic game.Unfortunately the studio GriN went bankrupt at the end of 2015 and canceled the development Woolfe Volume 2.Not long after that, Rebellion acquired the title and its publisher rights and Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is in their hands since then.If the game is on sale and you are looking for a short fairylike platformer with a dark favlor, then I do recommend this game!Don't put the bar of expectations too high for this game because it's not a final game but an episode."
,Recommended,281940,19921575,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Koda,"The game looked promising, the mechanics such as Double jumps also the fighting mechanics is sort of simple and there...the story itself is dark and beautiful and the character making beside the simple enemies is greatloved the game 10/10 would bang.."
76561198186396395,Recommended,281940,15837778,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,"There is so much quality in the presentation of this game, from visually stunning level design, excellent cinematography, detailed atmospheric sounds and a good soundtrack, that the surprisingly wooden animations scream out, ""Indie game!"" The gameplay is reasonable, for most of the game. It's a hack-and-slash without sufficient explanation: Here are some controls and here are some combos, but they don't tell you when and why they work. So my fights resulted in some button-mashing racing to kill the enemies before they killed me. I never knew why the ground slam didn't work some of the time. The HUD is never explained either. I get that the bottle with red fluid seems to represent my health but what are the blue liquid-filled ones for? What do these glittery baskets mean, etc. And that lack of explanation extends throughout the game. Sometimes the path forward isn't what it seems, so I died plenty of times struggling to pull of a trick maneuver only to find out that there was no tricky maneuver required... I had simply gone the wrong way. Contradicting that are the collectible diaries which are usually found by going the wrong way and looking for secret paths. I found the game controls responsive for most of the game but they really became inconsistent in the last chase sequence where, for example, doing a roll under a log would result in red getting stuck and falling behind. This last chase sequence made me angry, thinking that this is where the game is broken and neglected. I also resented the fact that a diary collectible was only reachable at a dead end which meant certain death. So once again, the game rewards you for exploration but it also punishes you for exploration. None of the boss fights make any sense. They are just trial and error fight sequences with instant-death hazzards. The final boss fight forced me to reduce the game difficulty to easy because it just didn't seem fair on normal. This fight, one should think, would involve all the skills learned up to that point but no, it was just a much harder hack-and-slash fight without precious health recovery. So... another race to kill them before they kill you.This game is beautiful and it sounds great but I get the impression that it was compromised to meet its release date. However, most of the journey was enjoyable and well worth it, so give it a try, you might like it."
76561198086457357,Recommended,281940,16290883,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jelogisa,"Visually, the game is very pleasing. The art has class and style and a graphic identity of its own. The platforming is well done, though not overly hard. Your character mostly follows a 2D path in a well rendered 3D world with a few 2.5D and 3D rooms. The narrative is good, the steampunk (and somewhat gloomy) world is very evocative. Red, the unwavering heroin of the story is appealing, and her story got me hooked. I'm enjoying myself as I play this game, and I recommend it especially for the style."
,Recommended,281940,16009304,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Neptune,"Don't expect a fairytale because there is nothing 'fair' about this.Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries are set in a dark, gothic fantasy world where a young girl tries to discover the truth behind the death of her father. You will be pitched against various characters of some popular fairytales and find references to others. This game will also put your reaction to a test as well as your skills in navigating your character through levels full of obstacles, enemies and secrets. It also contains some stealth content.All in all, this game is well worth its money and I can only recommend you to buy it as soon as possible."
,Recommended,281940,24831146,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Salis,an excellent reimagining of red riding hood some excellent platforming and creatie design the only down point would be the repetative slightly basic combat but a fun few hours totally worth a look
76561198010781134,Recommended,281940,20533299,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,melvinh,"I recommend this game. With reservations.Why? Biggest Problem is simply that this is Episode 1 and the original Studio is bankrupt.But If you like entering a kind of dark steam-punky world with a heroine prone to rhyming and a lethal reaction to any kind of water (personally I blame her Corsett, see Pirates of the Caribbean 1 ^^) plus some good old fashion Jump and Run (in Heels, mind you) then this game might be interesting for you.Side note: Bought the game on sale, needed ~2 hours to finish it...."
,Recommended,281940,15019462,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,giovano,"I really liked this game. The graphics are pretty cool and the art style looks great.I liked:- The story- The world. All the scenarios are beautiful and well designed. It really impressed me.- The dialogue. Some funny, some dark.- YOU HAVE AND AXEI disliked:- Too short (but sequel is coming)- Combat must be improved a little (not the skills but the way characters react during a combo)"
,Recommended,281940,15072849,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fatty,9/11  ~ Red doesn't even have to move her mouth when she speaks because she has so much swag  ~
76561198064487863,Not Recommended,281940,28724313,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NineShadows,"This game is just ""unpolished stuff"" (bored story, wierd environmet behavior, horrible combat...), nice graphics but inside it I find nothing that interests me"
76561197975945179,Recommended,281940,14977973,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Bloodyeye,"Please Read the short Thank you note from Wim Wouters himself (founder of GRIN) and you will find your negative aspect of this game addressed but also explained why it is what it is.So back to my short review. So yeah, they didn't do everything right and you will get a short adventure of about 2h, with an not state of the art combat system and the fact they don’t even have any form of lip-sync is sad.But for a team of 5 people and 1 ½ year time to create this game you get a wonderful designed world with a nice flair, a good mashup of fairytales and a lovely rhyming main character.In the end you will get a game for about 10 bucks with a content that is worth 10 bucks. I will hope they will get the chance to continue the story, so please be aware of the background of this game and his studio."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,281940,19542480,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8MTenim9Fw&index=1&list=PLTj9drPC92M2iXZVy0bCpf02SUE8zLaKGThis is a summary of my review video, which I encourage you to watch if you are looking for a more in-depth review.Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is a 2.5D platformer with a hack and slash mentality. The story takes a steam punk twist to the classic Red Riding hood fairy tale. The music and voice acting were done very well, and did a great job of propelling the atmosphere and setting the tone. The environment is well done, and the theme and atmosphere are done perfectly to push the story and embody the tale.The level design fits mostly with the platforming element. There are a few times when you can't tell if you can or cannot jump over particular railings or boxes. It can be pesky when you come to a boss fight, and due to the camera angle and platforming mechanics you think that you are jumping to safety when in reality you can't jump over said obstacle, or jump into an invisible wall. Overall the character has fluidity and slides along ledges with adequate speed and without looking or feeling clunky. As you progress through the game, the design of the traps that you get through become more demanding and precise in their requirements, and the margin for error becomes greater and greater. Overall I felt that the precision needed to get through the traps became too difficult for the speed with which you had to progress through them. Are they doable yes, but it is just tasking.The combat is just bad. Yes, the weapon has weight, and there is a fluidity to the fighting, but there is a strong hack and slash feeling to the battles. You are reduced to repetitively pushing the same two buttons, and while it looks impressive, you don't gain any sense of power or control, and your character is so squishy that you are tempted more times than not just to run by the enemies, in avoidance of death. One of the more frustrating aspects of the combat is that you may be able to tell that an enemy is going to hit you, and you try to dodge or counter it, but your character is locked into whatever combo move and won't react until they are finished with it. Which means you die more. The game offers a stealth element, but it felt like it may have been tacked on last minute, as there are very few opportunities to use it, and it just didn't fit into the game very well.The story started out very promising. I was literally on the edge of my seat for the intro, with a grin on my face. As it progresses forward, it seems to make less and less sense. The mechanics and combat in the game take away from the tension the story creates. To make it worse, this 2-3 hour long game ends with a 'to be continued'!  Just when you think your questions will be answered, more questions and secrets are dumped on you, with none resolved before they leave you hanging.The sum of this games misgivings and flaws far outweigh any enjoyment I found in this game. I cannot and will not recommend this game, even if it is on sale on steam.Thanks for your viewership and support; for more videos click here.http://www.youtube.com/c/SocioPsycho"
,Not Recommended,281940,14948779,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Sip Your Friendos,Look at how long i spent in the game.i beat the game.not only is the game less than 2 hours it ends on a to be continued sequal fodder.on the mate scale i give it aM2/M8because the game is decent but way to short
,Not Recommended,281940,14946891,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Double Banana,"- Took 2 hours to beat.- Clunky gameplay. They give you ""abilities"" but mashing X proved to be more effective.- Horrible texture popping and harsh, HARSH use of depth of field during cutscenes e.g. camera is focused in foreground, the background then is super blurred.Neat take on the old tale of Red, but the execution was♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.Buy it when it's $0.99."
,Not Recommended,281940,25052833,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Angelic Nova 川,"pretty old and plenty of bugs, I couldnt enjoy the gameplay"
,Recommended,281940,14610716,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,bugsycline,"This game is FAR FROM COMPLETE. only a little over 90 Minutes of playable content. I feel a bit Cheated paying $10.That being said... what is developed is a a great feeling and looking game! Pretty awesome !  The Control is very fluid.  Movement feels like a Mario game. the jumping is supurb. The grafix at times look fantastic and at pther times look like something out of 2006... This is probably just an issue of the game still being developed,,,Can't wait to play more of it, but a little peaved that's all there was to play."
76561198028167238,Recommended,281940,20631106,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,BiberPF,"I first learned about this game when I heard the developers went bankrupt because it didn't sell well and received harsh criticism. That admittedly scared me off even though the concept didnt seem bad at all. While on sale I figured I'd give it a shot.Woolfe is the first part of a modern take of Little Red Riding Hood set in a fairytale-steampunkish world. Gameplaywise it's a 2,5D platformer with some easy puzzles and hack n' slash-combat.Movement controls are solid while some of the special combat moves do not consistently work as intended. Not sure if this has to do with the collison problems mentioned below.Graphics are gorgeous. I encountered no crashes at all. Game is pretty obviously meant to be played with a controller but perfectly doable with keyboard. All keys can be mapped at will.Depending on your platforming skills and whether you are watching the cutscenes telling the story of Red's family a single playthrough will take about 2-3 hours including two nice boss fights. Took me 4,5 hours for two playthroughs on hard to find all the collectibles, do the speed run and some ""do not die here""-achievements to 100% it. Even on hard the game is rather on the easy side of things.Some minor annoyances like weird collision when jumping on enemies aside I enjoyed the game a lot. Of course the game has a lot more potential but as we have seen with Trine 3 it is probably impossible for a single indie studio to pull off projects of this scale in 2,5D.All in all a beautiful game with a decent story (sometimes maybe trying too hard to see the world through a girl's eyes) to spend a few hours on. Definitely recommending it for the sales price of 3 euros."
,Not Recommended,281940,20880955,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Tenorilove,"I SADLY had to uninstall this game. I couldn't bear it any longer.This game has LOTS OF PROBLEMS that no one can overlook: for example when you jump and you are mid-air, the screen is ""jerky"" and you don't understand what's going on (90% of the landings were absolutely wrong and you had to die just for that bug) or the fact that the camera is unstable (which was really annoying at first). What's more, the battle system really sucks, the boss fights could have been improved and the dialogues were kinda banal.In my opinion, it's unplayable with just the keyboard and it might be a little bit better with a controller.Even so, I had to quit this game after a while, because I lost my patience and gave up.The game had SO MUCH POTENTIAL and a GREAT CONCEPT and I was so happy when I found a game similar to Alice: Madness Return (we need more videogames about horror fairytales) but I was absolutely disappointed when I tried it.I knew that the game had some bugs but I didn't expect to be SO FULL of bugs.Sadly, I give a 4.5/10"
,Recommended,281940,20597593,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SmokedCarpenter,"I bought this for somewhere around $4 on sale a few days ago. I saw the mixed reviews, but decided to take a risk anyway. I was not disappointed. Woolfe is an EXCELLENT game. It is not without flaws, but overall it was a genuinely fun and unqiue platformer.Pros:Excellent graphics, especially when you consider that it is an ""indie"" game. The artwork was very immersive and beautiful, the world that you travel through is a beautiful but terrible place and completely draws you into the story.The plot was very good. The important thing was that it was completely unique and inventive. Turning a classic fairy tale into a steampunk ""Coming-of-Age"" tragedy is simply inspired.The writing was very ambitious. They attempted to narrate the story through the mouth of Red Riding Hood, who speaks almost exclusively in rhymes. Although it sometimes feels forced, and sometimes they simply can't make the rhymes work, it is overall very charming. Aside from the rhyming attempts, the actual writing of the dialogue is just excellent. The player is immediately pulled in by Red's narration, and her intermittent dialogue really does paint a picture of her character and the world around her.The voice acting was superb! I cannot express enough how well done Red's voice acting was. Even on the clunkier rhymes she manages to make it work. I really believe whoever voiced Red was the perfect match to her character.The lore was just AMAZING. As you progress you will find various secrets hidden in the levels, which unlock pieces of background lore, concept art, or fun facts about the game. I read ALL of them, and was just in love with the universe this development team has created around a classic fairytale. I highly recommend you discover all the secretsm it is well worth your time. I only wish there was more of it.ConsThe platforming was for the most part ridiculously easy, which isn't necessarily the worst thing for a story-driven game, because you don't want players to spend so much time and energy beating a zone that they lose focus on the plot. Still, it was far too easy.The combat was both easy and unfair at the same time. It is also fairly simplistic, you can fast attack, strong attack, jump, roll, and perform 4 ""special"" moves that you unlock as you progress. Special moves consume magic power which you pick up from defeating enemies. When you have full magic the combat is laughable, but when you're out of magic it becomes very difficult to fight multiple enemies. You could also just run past 90% of the game's enemies if you wanted to.By making the game so-called ""2.5D"" it becomes very unclear which parts of the world are actually accessible, and which parts are simply in the background. This creates a lot of ""leap of faith"" and trial and error situations, when you're unsure if the platform you're jumping to is actually part of the game or not. That being said, I love the 2.5D design, I just wish the boundaries were more clearly marked.The game is VERY short. I beat it in 2 hours, and got 100% of achievements after 1 more hour of hunting. For a $10 game on steam, that isn't very good value, but when on sale the value is excellent.TL;DR: If you're looking for a unqiue and gripping story-driven game to immerse yourself in for a few hours, you will love this game. If you're looking for a hardcore, challenging platformer or in-depth combat, this isn't the game for you.7/10Note: The game sets up for a sequel, but from what I've read that sequel doesn't seem to be coming, unfortunately. I believe the company that created the game no longer exists, and no sequel is being developed. However, the ending isn't so much of a cliffhanger that it NEEDS a sequel, everything was wrapped up very nicely in the end."
76561198169467751,Recommended,281940,20570577,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Elycoptère,"/!\ Long and detailed review. /!\Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is a very beautiful game.→ I was amazed by the maps and the visual effects of the game: like the slow motion when using special moves, which is very cool. There's many details: the reflect on water, mirors, or even when Red is near a rock, her leg doesn't go through the rock but is posed on the rock. The sun's rays are here as well.Links of the screenshots:http://i.imgur.com/Iz6h4yB.jpg;http://i.imgur.com/m0W4ph9.jpg→ The soundtracks are very pleasant as well and well chosed, they totaly fit the situations.→ The writing is very beautiful and poetic. There's rhymes, plays on the sound of the words, and is full of imageries. Red's voice is also very nice and the woman behind her voice articulates very well and the intonations are pleasant to hear. There's few puns as well, which I found nice. ""Thanks for the ride, you rock"" (when lifted by a rock), for instance.The controls are simple yet convenient either you have a controllor or just your keyboard.→ However you'll have to change the controls if playing on keyboard (as I did, because somehow my controllor didn't work), choosing inputs that best fit for you.→ If you're interested in mine, then I chose: 4/8/6/5 (left, up, right, down) for the camera ; ←↑→↓ (keyboard arrows for the character's moves) ; A (or Q for QWERTY keyboards) to sprint ; Z and E (or W and E for QWERTY keyboards) for basic hits) ; R for the Magic ; space to jump ; D to roll ; F to sneak ; and ENTER for the interactions.→ The automatic camera is nice, the moves of your camera is okay. You don't really need to move it a lot, just sometimes to the sides to see what there's next, or to the bottom to see wheter there's a platform or not.The gameplay is amusing, the difficulty however is maybe too easy.→ The character's gameplay is convenient and easy to understand. There's the basic hits, with four possible combinations for special moves. The jumps, double jumps, and grips (when escalading) can be alternated very smoothly. → Howevery even in the highest difficulty, I found the game pretty easy. I have been lost only two times because of my own mistakes (I didn't pay enough attention to some things around me), and even so I wasn't lost for long. The maps are amusing (especially the forest) however they're not very puzzle-like. There's also only two time trials, which is really unfortunate because I totally enjoyed them, though they were short and with not many obstacles. If they were made harder, it would have been really nice.→ The bosses are not hard to beat either and there's only two. The first one can be hard unless you understand the tips. When understood, it's really easy. It doesn't have many HP either, and it follows the same pattern. Thus, I beated him in only two rounds (it gives a possibility to hit the boss only after ""a round"" (let's say that) and I could beat it in the second chance it gave, which is very fast because it's impossible to beat it in only one round because you don't have enough time). The second and last boss is easy as well. It has more HP but still is easy if you avoid its very strong spells and take some distances (don't go total meelee). It also follows an obvious pattern and is finished too fast.However it's (almost) compensated by the boss' strengh. A hit can one shot or mid-life you. But as said earlier, if you know the tips, they won't even be able to lay a hand on you (or almost not).The story is okay.→ I really haven't been into it in the begining. I wasn't surprised by the first ""surprising"" event because we didn't know enough about the concerned character of the event. The story went by very quickly, I had the feeling that they burnt many steps.→ However, even if I first found the pattern of the story simple, at the end of the game it became interesting and I thought ""maybe it's more complicated than what I thought"".The game is however very short.→ I finished it in 5 hours, knowing that I really took my time to discover the maps because they were really beautiful. I took many screenshots as well as showing them to my sister and friends, like ""hey this game is really beautiful, look at that"".→ It's supposed to have a second episode because it ends with ""To be continued"". It ended at the most interesting part, though.In the end !It's a pleasant game, but not amazing. The visual is stunning but the difficulty and story isn't. I bought it because it was about the Red Hiding Hood (a character I just love deeply, with Alice as well) and because it was on sale. I'm not dissapointed, and I still enjoyed its graphics, soundtracks, writing and maps. Still, it wasn't a big deal, for the first episode at least. I think that the second one will be better, because the story grew more interesting at the end of the first episode. The game still won't be very hard, but it will still be beautiful for the eyes and ears as well, and will be more interesting (for the story). And anyway, it's still fun to play. I really did enjoy the maps.However if you plan on buying it, I'd recommend you to buy it when on sale, because it's way too short to buy it by its full price."
,Not Recommended,281940,20781489,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Perfect Orgsm,"While I typically love this type of games, and I really enjoyed Woolfe, I had too take a break from final battle to write this, the combat system is utter crap, I'm 100% sure the developers didn't know what to do at the end so they just made the battle with Wolf stupidly hard, the last skill you get don't do anything, if he touches you you die, and because of bad mechanics, you die mostly because of impossible mechanics, everything else is awesome,"
,Recommended,281940,20544962,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,StinkySQL,"Well, for $3.39 it was certainly worth the romp. Technically they pulled it off very well.  The game plays well and makes for a couple hours of good entertainment. Two in fact.But I can also see why it never sold well. The main character and her narrative is not something you can easily buy into. Too much angst and hate and didn't generate any care toward any of the characters.Recommend when on sale, cuz Red swinging an axe is just kinda cool."
76561198041636869,Recommended,281940,21172866,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Brother Alpha,"Good news: The game has a very cool style and an excellent lead character. The controls are smooth and the game is challenging without being unfair.Bad news: The game is really, really short and the developers when bankrupt, so there will never be a second volume to this story.If you can get it on sale, pick it up."
76561198041743411,Recommended,281940,20649706,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,twistedoldloony,"I'm hesitantly recommending this game with a few caveats. I have several problems with it the first being it's insanely SHORT!! I was actually shocked when it ended as I thought it was only long enough to qualify as like maybe the first chapter or two of a game.  I think I finished it in about 2 hours and I don't really call that a game I call that a game session. On top of that it made you think at the end that it really was going to be longer after the big battle but then did the old ""to be continued"" thing.  ALWAYS IRRITATING!Gameplay issues:For me the biggest game play issue is that it is often very hard to tell where the character is in the 2.5D space. I think it would have helped a lot if she had some kind of projected beam, below her feet, so that you could tell if she was over a platform or in mid air. I'm all for things being difficult but it stops being fun if you have to repeat the same things over and over again just because you can't tell where she is in space.Another issue is that it is hard to know where you are suppose to be going quite a bit of the time. For example at one point there was an after death load spot and the character is facing right when loaded but is suppose to be going left. It's also odd that when the game first started off it would show kinda where you needed to go in a camera pan when you enter a new place (think how the Prince of Persia games would do a camera path follow when you entered a new area). But it stopped doing this pan about half way through the game making it very confusing in terms of knowing where the hell you were suppose to be going.Another odd issue is that there are big fights that you can skip the intro cut scenes but not the intermediate cut scenes. The last fight with the Piper is so annoying because you can only skip part of the cut scene and have to watch the other part every single time. >_< Since Miss Red doesn't have a BLOCKING move in her repertoire it can take several tries before you figure out how to fight certain enemies making for a LOT of unskipable cut scenes.As I sit here thinking about the game I wonder if it was originally planed to be longer and was truncated for some reason (money!).  It makes no sense to me that they would introduce new abilities and attacks at the end of the game.  You get a new attack in the forest and I swear there are only about 10 enemies left in the game you can use it on (effectively). Another neat ability the SLIDE isn't even introduced to you, I just happened upon it. (On the xbox gamepad you can slide when using RT for run and you press and hold LT to slide. Works well for the logs you have to go under!)(The good?)The game is really quite lovely and had a very nice ominous feel to it.The main character is cool and I love her voice over during gameplay rather than only keeping it to cut scenes. She says some really funny things too.I also really like her exaggerated animation. It makes her and the game much more interesting and inviting.Some of the puzzles are fairly interesting.The fighting style is unique and if the game were longer would be more enjoyable.If fixed, many of my problems with the game would most likely make it much shorter in terms of time spent playing. This makes me think that these issues were left in for that very reason which I don't think is a GOOD reason.I really hope that if they continue with this story that they just ADD to this game and not make you buy a whole new one. This would be a great game for DLC chapters!!!(Personal side note) The sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who decided to put that damn puddle of water in the last fight arena needs to be taken out and fed to wolves!!"
76561198090950794,Recommended,281940,18674132,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mr. Loyal ®Œ?©,Even the Story is Short.. I still Recommend this :)
,Recommended,281940,20531012,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Anna Tatiana,"This game is a really cute, fun platformer. The controls are really weird if you're using a keyboard, but they are easy to get used to but that's really my only complaint. I love these types of games that take traditional fairytales and make something fun and make games with darker themes out of them."
,Not Recommended,281940,18567022,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Devianne,I purchased that game as i was left with the impression of an american mcgee's story/gameplay type game. sadly i was disappointed. enemies are for the most part robot soldiers. gameplay and puzzles are dull and boring.
76561198076852302,Not Recommended,281940,18667739,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Drought_Winter,"Pros:-Colorful, twisted, fairytale world a la ""Alice: Madness Returns""Cons:-Episodic releases (with no indication that this is not a full game)-Devolper is bankrupt (no future episodes in sight)-Disorienting platforming camera and controls-Uni-dimensional, voiceless characters (aside from protagonist)-No combat feedback-Pointlessly talkative protagonist-Nearly useless combat abilities-General lack of substance and polishWoolfe certainly showed a level of potential, with appealing artwork and promise of an intriguing plot. Unfortunately, once past the trailers an opening segment, the player isn't given much in the way of an experience. Though, the environments are generally attractive, close inspection uncovers disconnected placement of objects (lamp posts not actually touching the ground, breakable boxes looking identical to indestructible ones, etc) as well as a lack of interactivity that makes the ""world"" feel flat.As far as story, there is little inspiration. Red starts out a vendetta against B. B. Woolfe for her father's death with little more than suspicion of the entrepreneur's involvement. Although Woolfe's guilt is blatantly oblivious to the player, Red initially has no clear reason to back her desire to kill him. She does find evidence (from a predictable twist about her father's career), and a potential conspirator, but she kills him before making any attempt at interrogation. From there it is rinse and repeat. Find a little evidence of guilt, expose some more predictable plot points, and kill someone in your way without sufficient cause.Adding to the lack of personality in the game is that no one speaks outside of Red, and Granny. Bosses don't even get dialogue to introduce themselves, antagonize Red, or even grunt in battle. From a story telling standpoint this is a major shortcoming, as the player has no investment their supposed enemy, thus there is little motivation to fight, let alone care about or even remember the experience. Interestingly enough, Red has the opposite problem. Simply put, she speaks too much. Making pointless quips every five steps, her voice is soon tuned out, or worse yet becomes a disruptive frustration, considering she is meant to be sneaking for an extended period. The girl also speaks in lack-luster, half rhymes. The concept itself could have been rather whimsical, but it feels forced due to poor word play, and how the gimmick was often abandoned for several lines.Moving on to game play, the terms lacking and frustrating once again come to mind. While the camera is set in a relatively fixed position, Red can traverse levels in full 3d motion. Often when platforming the fixed perspective makes judging jumps difficult. Red also, lacks a permanent shadow to provide feedback regarding her position relative to platforms. This makes it aggravatingly easy to over/under shoot platforms on the z-plane (toward or away from the screen).In addition to platforming, there are basic puzzle mechanics and combat. The former is presented as expected in any game of the genre, and deserves no real comment. Fights on the other hand are like jumping, as in easily misjudged, leading to repeated death. Enemies have little reaction to taking damage so it is difficult to fend off multiple targets. Special abilities provide some help with crowd control but it is  easy to become stun-locked when trying to use them.A point should be made that combat seems to be discouraged initially. Based on Red being portrayed as ""sneaking"" through the city, and enemy deaths prompting a certain comment box ( indicating that killing them may be a negative karma event), one might gravitate toward avoiding combat. At a certain point however, progress can only be made by killing opponents in front of a door. This dynamic was never used until that point and not even hinted at, leaving the player to wonder if they had missed a switch.Finally, and most importantly, total game play takes less than two hours even when collecting all secrets. The reason for this is that Woolfe appears to be released as episodes, and ten dollars gets you chapter one. This is possibly the most frustrating aspect, as there is no clear indication on the store page that the software is only a partial game, amounting to little more than a demo or tutorial level. Combining this with poor gameplay, forgettable characters, and the very important (and not publicized) fact that the devolper is out of business makes the experience a complete disappointment."
76561198067606259,Recommended,281940,20169938,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Guaxinim,"Awesome game, remembers me ps2's platform games <3"
76561198108749344,Not Recommended,281940,19922747,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AlaskianPumpkin12,"The controls for this game suck and the camera is laggy. Not sure if its my computer, but it runs other games just fine so..."
76561198107385672,Recommended,281940,15809252,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,This game is good. But I'm getting really tired of being taken for a fool. I don' believe at all the troubles that ruin my entertainment experience to be real. I don't know if it's Valve or the game creators but STOP to take customers for fools adding problems in games that can run perfectly ! I'm not stupid enough to eat lies constantly and never complain.
76561198080666261,Recommended,281940,14974923,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,❖ Harley Quinn,One of the best games I have played in a long time. Challenging and absolutely beautiful.
76561198054918441,Recommended,281940,28826526,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Elysea,"Fun game, to bad it doesnt keep you busy for more than 1 hour.The world looks wonderfull and the storyline is fun but I expected more playtime for the price..."
76561198057607477,Recommended,281940,29379951,Posted: 20 January,all,joe.des(is)DrTeddy,"The graphics are incredible, the gameplay a little more complex than a 2D platformer, the story itself as a variation of the fairy tale is more predictable but there are still surprises along the way. The battle sequences are sometime awkward with a pc setup, but not impossible and there are a lot of puzzles and physics to keep the thinking player engaged. Overall this is an excellent game and I recommend it 10/10."
,Recommended,281940,15807865,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,coolRONz,"I love this game, if you like steam punk gritty fairy tales, this is for you! The hack n slash is a little repetitious, but I really do like the story telling and atmosphere. Really cool artwork. I have just started it, its supposed to be pretty short, but thats ok with me, I am just a casual gamer anyways. The puzzles are simple and effective, close a valve, run to where you need to go befor the door or whatever closes, pretty cool obstacles. Reminds me of Alice: madness returns, but a little darker. I'm honestly surprised the reviews are mixed, because I am having no problem with the game, looks and plays great! Maybe its short and easy to finish, but its only a $10 game, yes I got it on sale for half price, but it is worth full price, still less than a 6pack or going to the movies."
,Not Recommended,281940,18145704,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Cyreaza,"I'll admit, i have a soft spot for fairytales turned dark and mysterious. Even a tad murderous.This game though was not worth the ten dollars I paid, if it had been five or less I would not be complaining.Here is why I feel it is not worth ten dollars, or the headache it gave me.Your mouse is useless and the camera goes wherever it wants to. There was a point where you have to ascend up a sort of spiraling contraption and until you get it you have to go back to the point a ways back. It took me 10 tries and I had to take a break at 8 because I was physically getting dizzy and nauseous due to frustration and the bright lights combined with the spinning.The story was good for a short story (like i said worth FIVE DOLLARS OR LESS) the art work was kinda pretty. The voice acting could have been worse and i thought it cute how often she rhymed. Albeit short, and now i know the chance of the next part is not likely - i am very disappointed.Now here's the best part. The platforming and jumping some parts were ridiculous. I would have to retry a jump 7 times and doing it the same every single time - i finally get it because the game takes pity on me. Hearing her cry 'NOOOOOOO' super loud every time was irritating too - contributing to the headache. Sometimes it was even hard to tell where I needed to go due to the camera.Over all...Story: 8/10Graphics: 7.5/10Movement: 2/10Frustration levels: 20/10So in total, if you're bored and not short tempered - go ahead and try it but i dont recommend buying it at full price. I honestly would like to see it continue but maybe tweak the movement and maybe make her yelling a little less loud... Now I shall go put ice to my forehead because playing that for an hour straight makes my head hurt."
76561198169319145,Recommended,281940,14741375,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,All in all fun and runs smooth on wins 8.1.But wondering if its coming to steam os?
76561198046315563,Recommended,281940,14969676,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,PC Principal,"Woolfe: The Red Hood DiariesWoolfe: The Red Hood Diaries is an indie 2.5D platformer that takes upon the challenge of gritty rebooting the childhood story of red riding hood, where the game takes on a darker look on this fairy tale.Now this is not a new type of game idea, it has the utmost feel of the previously made game Alice; the Madness returns, which was developed by American McGee.Where Woolfe is similar to Alice it seems apparent that it has only inherited the flaws, and fallen short of the game it could have been.The game starts out with the female protagonist perched upon a rooftop looking down upon the broken down city of Ulrica, where she proclaims that “This is no fairy tale, because nothing here is fair”. Which puts on the more morbid tone of the game which where she continues to go on and tell you about the suspicious death of her father, who she believes the culprit is the Big bad wolf of the story; B.B.Wolfe.Now that her mother has gone missing to Red takes it upon herself to go to the ghost city of Ulrica and sniff out the truth. The game gives you about an hour and a half of gameplay, which includes Red running through the city of Ulrica swinging her axe fighting off groups of mechanical toy-like soldiers. While running back and forth through the level solving simplistic problems.There are 3 sections in the game where you are forced to walk around the scenery and relive the memories/ backstory of this twisted tale, which is a good addition to the game. Without these levels there is little lore to go around, there are little emblems that are scattered through out the few levels of this game, each one showing a little bit of backstory or art. As the game progresses i would rather have seen a leveling up method where you can choose the abilities that your axe wielding character possesses rather than just be given almost useless ones, leaving me to be just spamming the ‘Light attack’ which more than likely won't hit the target that you are aiming for.There are good qualities about this game with in the sea of head pounding flaws, while playing through the game you do come across some undoubtedly beautiful scenery, from the slums of Ulrica to the (what seems to be) radiation polluted forest with little islands of land floating in the air. Another interesting feature within the game is, when you kill a soldier a little box comes up with the deceased name. Now i'm not to sure about this aspect, it feels like the developer spent time adding things into the game that didn't necessarily need to be in it, which time spent could have been used to refine the actual game play.Even with all the slander in this review i still think that this game is worth playing even with numerous flaws."
,Recommended,281940,15446811,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,fluister van 'n roos,"red riding hood with attitude ♥♥♥♥ yea , this girl takes♥♥♥♥♥♥from no one , you definantly dont want to run into this ♥♥♥♥♥ in a dark ally since im pretty sure she would cut you a new one, a nice platformer / puzzle / hack and slash, well worth trhe price of admission , go and play it now , go on I SAID GO PLAY IT NOW .Why aren't you playing it ?Still not playing it ?Thats it im coming over to your place right now, and if your not playing it by the time i get there, then there is going to be some serious♥♥♥♥♥♥go down.      ok?"
76561197992557240,Not Recommended,281940,20192906,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tuuba-A,"What a shame.The art style and soundtrack really give the impression that the devs had real vision for the project. Sadly all the recourses seem to have gone to making this title pretty, because the game play is underwhelming to say the least. No amount of shine can save a game with lackluster game mechanics. Couldn't finish the game."
,Not Recommended,281940,15861214,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Caddelin,"I am a big supporter of indie games as a whole, and I really would like to give a thumbs up here, but I can't. The idea is interesting, the game has some good art concept. But, unfortunately, it is compromised by too many things. Gameplay is awkward at best, the impact physics is either bad implemented or simply isn't there, the story is rushed, camera positioning is not the best, most of the characters in the world are mute and the game itself is pretty short, even by indie standards, and, not only that, the developer simply finishes the game on a cliffhanger, supposing there will be a ""continuation"". But the game was not sold as an ""episodic"" game, so it it pretty much unsatisfying if you don't reach a conclusion in the game and are left hoping there will be a continuation by the developer. If it was an episodic game, and this was just the first of a guaranteed series of episosodes, the shortcomings of the game could be forgiven, as it is it looks unfinished and severely underdeveloped."
76561197968608273,Recommended,281940,14936873,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Zellar,Wow!!  What a great game for $10.99 CAD!! Smooth controls great backgrounds and so far great voice overs. Red has a sexy voice (LOL) Good job everyone involved!! Thank you for this and the super price point. Looking forward to more....good effort. 9/10NOW GET OFF THE COUCH AND BUY THIS GAME!!
76561198044454113,Not Recommended,281940,20544068,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nickzilla,"Short story, stilted platforming, very low diversity in enemies and bosses, and limited combat. even for sale, this game isn't worth buying. finished the game in roughly an hour."
,Not Recommended,281940,18736261,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,gungnir16,Looks good but plays like garbage. feels like none play teasted it or even finidhed the game.
,Not Recommended,281940,25231567,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Xenilia,"Despite seeing that this game has mixed reviews overall, I have decided to try this game for myself due to its attractive Red Ridding Hood idea. However, there are multiple game design issues which causes the player to drop this game. Unless the developer updates this game to make it less punishing for the player, I wouldn't recommend players to buy this game yet.Reasons why you should not buy this game unless the developer has added the following:-FEEDBACK IS ESSENTIAL.There isn't any feedback when the Huge Rat attacked me and whether the player successfully hit the Huge Rat, which leads to my second point below. Also, I didn't even realise that there is a mana system when I used the first skill that is taught to me.-LEARNING CURVE.It is too frustrating for the player as she is easily defeated even in easy mode by the Huge Rat, easily killed after being hit 3 times, and has to replay that whole segment again all the way from the cutscene. (You can see by the amount spent on this game)-PUNISHING.When the obstacles hit the player, itMUST NOT be AN INSTANT KILLbecause it is too punishing for the player. Reduce the player's health by a bit instead. Also, another way to make it less punishing for players who just wants to enjoy the story, implement a health regen when Riding Hood is not in combat.-AUDIO.I couldn't even tell whether I am low on health. Visually displaying it is not sufficient.- It is a plus if there is a tutorial to teach the player the controls for movement at the start of the game as it is not intuitive for the player to use Arrow keys. Based on the Keyboard controls, I guess that this game is made for controllers before porting it to Keyboard only. I don't mind it being purely on keyboard as long as you teach the player well. I like it when it sometimes reminds the player the controls of the game.* Note: I only played until the Sewers, and I hope that the developers will improve this game because I will only to continue this game when it has added those in."
,Not Recommended,281940,18858903,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mad Scientist,When this game was about to be released almost everyone said that Woolfe is quite similar to American McGee's Alice. So that was the reason why I've been interested in this game for a while. But the other reviews were negative anough to stop me from buying this game. And then 50% discount just happend few days ago...And.. I'm not going to say anything new to you.The Red Hood Diariesis pretty close to the definition of disappointment. The game is ridiculously short and quite weird at the end. Although the visual part is pretty cute.
76561198219906996,Not Recommended,281940,34083188,Posted: 7 August,all,ieht.nessnaj,"Should be a nice game, it's a shame that the character wouldn't grab the ledges"
76561198073541766,Not Recommended,281940,20587555,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mgrimm,cant believe that steam sold this game knowing that part 2 was never going to come out.this not a complete game there is a part 2.the devolabers filled bankrypy.dont bother to buy .if 2 does come about do we get it free.discription of game misleading because there is no part 2
,Recommended,281940,14955234,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,KlaudNine,"GeForce GT 750MIntel(R) Core (TM) i7-4710MQ CPU @ 2.50 2.50GHz8.00 GB RAM1920 x 1080, 60Hzhow come its laggy on my alienware?please help"
76561198223937324,Not Recommended,281940,34027547,Posted: 4 August,all,Morgana Le Fey,"Terrible. Just.. Terrible. The platforming is weak, the fighting presents no challenge, and the dialogue of the main character is what made me uninstall in the first place."
,Recommended,281940,32913947,Posted: 27 June,all,gorankar,"Very short, but quit fun. Gamplay is pretty good, but the fighting system could be a bit more polished. Not bad if you pick it up less than 4 or 5 bucks."
76561198151311515,Recommended,281940,33290952,Posted: 5 July,all,str8venum,"This game was fun to play, beet it in about 2 1/2 hours. the graphics are pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ Id pick this game up when it goes on sale!"
76561198040499014,Not Recommended,281940,14950189,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,fadef,Decent story but pretty bad combat. Also a lot of the puzzles feel iffy due to the sheer  amount of invisible walls. You never really know if an area is off limits or not. It is also possible to abuse sprint double jump to go through said invisible walls at some points and at some points you end up just dying in mid air for no reason.
,Not Recommended,281940,20558408,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Harley,"Developed by GriN Multimedia for the PC and soon to be released on the PlayStation 4, Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries is a modern reimagining of Little Red Riding Hood that is quite a dark and twisted story of this classic fairy tale. The game for me also has some parallels to American McGee’s Alice due to the two protagonists in the story who are not afraid to get their hands dirty and also share some similar gameplay parallels.So its core, Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries allows the gamer to control the protagonist Red who is investigating her father’s death at Mr. Woolfe’s factory and also wants revenge. Red was also raised by her grandmother who taught her a few things about fighting and magic. So with your axe by side, magic in the other, Red commences her journey through this dark and twisted world looking for clues, answers and blood.In terms of gameplay, Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries is basically a 3D arcade game with a strong emphasis on 2D platforming mechanics which looks glorious on a PC with full detail. The world of Woolfe is rich, diverse and even though it is quite dark can be very colourful at certain times. Apart from killing enemies and fighting bosses, Red must also use stealth to sneak around the environment.To complement the engaging story about Red, there’s some great voice acting that goes hand in hand with the gameplay and the fantasy inspired musical score. However there are a couple of bugs here and there in the gaming world but developers GriN Multimedia are thankfully addressing these issues which is more so with the timing mechanics. Another issue was jumping between different platforming levels that at times had me dying quite a number of times.Although the game supports a keyboard/mouse combination, to play the game as it should be played is via a PC controller which transforms the game into a FULL HD arcade console experience. As you defeat enemies, solve puzzles and explore the world, all the clues are right in front of the player but at times, the puzzles which require timing can be quite a challenge. Overall, the experience is just over 2 1/2 hours but there’s plenty of arcade enjoyment to be found in Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries.Final Thoughts?Although this is only part one of Woolfe – The Red Hood Diaries, developers GriN Multimedia should be commended on creating a rather engaging arcade experience on the PC that harkens back to American McGee’s Alice with its twisted storytelling and gameplay.The game looks beautiful on a PC with some exceptional detail and sturdy gameplay mechanics that for the most part work well. Reiterating again, the game needs to be played with a controller because it does make the experience considerably easier and even though there are a few flaws, it’s definitely a game for those wanting a fun arcade fix.Minimum System Requirements:OS: Windows 7Processor: Intel i5 2x 2.6 GHz, or AMD equivalentMemory: 3 GB RAMGraphics: Nvidia GT 640, AMD Radeon HD 6870/7750DirectX: Version 9.0Hard Drive: 3 GB available spaceAdditional Notes: Don’t use the highest settings on a lower-end machineGameplay 3.5/5Graphiccs 3.5/5Audio        4/5Value          3.5/5Summary: Woolfe The Red Hood Diaries is a twisted gothic fairy tale that at times is held back by its mediocre gaming mechanics3.5/5 InterestingTHE GOODBeautiful art directionTHE BADFrequent, aggravating bugsRed's poetry is terribleUninspired gameplayBad collision detection"
,Not Recommended,281940,15050571,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,csnyman,"It's so pretty but no.First of all there's very little content, only two ""bosses"".YOU GET A NEW ABILITY AT THE VERY END OF THE GAME, MID BOSS FIGHT. Not any boss. The FINAL boss.It's not even that impressive.They spent way too much time on graphics and not enough fixing the gameplay. The combat is very unsatisfying, very boring and lacking in any sense of control.Very interesting and fun story, although there simply isn't enough of it. Certainly not enough to justify the price, barely reaching the £ per hour rule (on sale)."
76561198180207333,Not Recommended,281940,29136032,Posted: 8 January,all,BloodyRoses,it's like any other platformer. It's best to play it with a controller. But i would not recommend this to anyone.
76561198220102955,Not Recommended,281940,29515674,Posted: 26 January,all,Echoist,"I'd like to think that I gave this game a fair attempt to prove to me why I shouldn't just send it's data into the miserable pit of nothingness inside my computer... But, after having to struggle with the controls and then having the keys that I already rebinded revert to the original bindings even though the game says it's still on my bindings.... Look... Just... Just don't... The narration is average I guess, but the main character I couldn't give two rats♥♥♥♥♥for. Beating up a man with a flute and some steampunk version of robocops just became mundane REALLY fast. The game says oh hey you can do these combos but.... good luck getting them to work!!! Oh and collision and hitboxes? Let's just say that a child with no hands and that has been lobotomized with both it's eyes yanked out of it's skull and then brainwashed into thinking that ducks were a form of weaponized mustard could clearly see that this game is broken and just isn't flushed out. Could have been a decent story, but I don't think they knew how to execute their idea well enough to make anybody care for weaponized mustard robots."
,Not Recommended,281940,19098561,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Reliant39,"This game looks great, but the gameplay is horrid. If you pick up this game, expect floaty controls, hit boxes that are larger than they should be (and will cause you to die), deaths because you fall through the scenery, dodgy ""boss"" battles where every death you suffer feels like unjust punishment, trail-and-error gameplay, and so on and so forth. It's not worth the hassle. I don't understand why Rebellion felt the need to purchase the IP (perhaps they're hoping to seel the movie rights for a gritty fairy tale film the likes of which were popular in Hollywood recently?), but the game is not worth the effort.After my umpteenth undeserved death during the final boss battle (which I reached within two hours), I'm calling this a day. Maybe I'll try again at some point in the future, but there are too many good games in my collection to waste anymore time on this so-so experience just to see the nice graphics. For something that looks just as good (complete with a fairy tale motif), but actually plays well, check out the Trine games instead. Any of those are well above Woolfe as far as quality and entertainment value are concerned and more deserving of your money and your time."
,Not Recommended,281940,22190385,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ozzie Arcane,Very Meh overall. The game mechanics are nothing to write home about. The story is an interesting twist on the Red Riding Hood tale but it ends on a cliffhanger that will never be followed up on since the studio that made the game went under.
,Not Recommended,281940,21312282,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Amnery,It was great at first but then it became very glitchy and I was unable to advance. It seemed very enjoyable. I do wish I were able to continue. If it weren't for this one isse I would give this game a great recommendation.
76561198068524941,Not Recommended,281940,21971708,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Presidio,"Really wanted to like this game, Unfortunately the controls are clunky, and honestly the story/plot just is not compelling enough to come back too."
,Not Recommended,281940,21417537,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jojomo,"This game is incredibly pretty.  I love the design, which is why I bought it.  Unfortuantely it seemingly keeps glitching out.  I can't really continue on this way, so I am asking for a refund.  Le sigh~!"
,Recommended,281940,29728045,Posted: 5 February,all,時崎 狂三,"I must say that this game is unique and it will amaze you.The gameplay is awesome , the music is good , story says a lot.My only disappointment were some bugs that y could hit the enemy with out getting hit.You should buy it"
,Not Recommended,281940,16680187,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,karenscomp,"i already purchess, try play that game but it keep forward and backward including up and down in begining i need someone solved problem i think is not fair."
,Not Recommended,281940,15012248,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,KillMyDay,when i started the game i was like yes this can be something fun...but i was wong:( the game took me a hour to finnish and its way to short for 10 bucksi played it again for the items but i just got bored really fast
,Not Recommended,281940,15906230,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,doan92,"My first issue with this game is how shorts it is. Like others I do not feel its worth the asking price. The next is the control, I don't know how many times I died because Red failed to grab a ledge that she clearly should have grabbed.  However there isn't really a penalty for dying. The difficult setting are practically meaningless. I couldn't run the game smoothly even on my overpowered PC. The sneak aspect of the game is practically not even worth having. I could go on but overall...The game needs patchwork and lacks depth."
,Not Recommended,281940,15092921,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,CeresBane,"After playing this game (on easy no less), I encountered unintuitive gameplay, glitches that blocked progress, screwed up hit boxes, even glitches that made the game too easy. Its a game that doesn't know what the hell it wants. Is it a platformer? A spectacle fighter? A stealth game? Special attacks are redundant as it suffers from the dominant strategy syndrome. Grand slam and Heavy attack is all you need throughout the game. Why? Because every fight is merely a dps race. Enemies do not stagger, combos are slower than just spamming heavy attack and the other 3 special moves do nothing to the gameplay. There's a sneaking button, thats never used besides two instances, other times you are reccomended to sneak, but you can just blast right through if you are quick enough. On a chapter called heading home, you race against a carriage. The game will not tell you about a redundant sprint button that exists, nor will you ever use it besides this one instance. On boss fights there is little to no clue as to indicate methods of beating a boss. Plus for a game with a focus (tho not primary) on combat in its control scheme, you have little to no health in many fights as there are many instant deaths for no reason besides extending the life span of fights. There is little tactics besides hitting and running away (so badass).The creators don't understand that a game mechanic is something that should be universally integrated into the core gameplay. Metroidvanias have special moves to progress through otherwise missed areas, beat'em ups have special attacks fit for every circumstance in combat (like crowd control and high dps and stunlocking) and LEVEL DESIGN SHOULD REFLECT THE PHILOSOPHY BY CATERING TO THEM BY CREATING CONSISTENT CIRCUMSTANCES WHERE THEY ARE UTILISED.In this game, it is not the case.The major bugs I found? A certain jump in forest adrift where you must fall into two platforms using the double jump to dodge instant death thorns. The first jump works fine. But the second jump has the platform have thorns slightly above the platform you need to land and thorns above, so you have this tiny gap. But someone screwed up the hit boxes and set the instant kill hit box for the one below too high. So you die even though you are VISIBLY above the lower thorns. It is one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pixel perfect jumps. You will know it once you see it. Right after that is a drop to a lower platform. Natural instinct is to walk to the foreground and jump down to it. You just died. The lower platform is exactly in the same axis as the platform above. You must fall and then press up to fall into the background again.A really big one is the final boss fight. Sometimes the boss bugs out and doesn't move after doing its lightning attack. Or it gets into a loop where its doing its chasing and slashing and stabbing routine. In this weird state, it is entirely invicible. You can spam light attack to see for yourself. In this state the enemy takes no damage of any kind even though previously it is vulerable just after it does its attack.There are many other bugs like mispelt subtitles, skewed Z perspective, very immersion killing invisible walls, unclear safe platforms and what are just set pieces, suspiciously sized hit boxes, screen tearing and framerate inconsistencies etc.As for the story? I pose these questions as you play this?How did woolfe know about the girl?How did woolfe know about the location granma's house when Mr. Hog of the 3 pigs pub is said to be the only one that knows the location?How did the Pied Piper manage to kidnap so many girls when the whole city knew there was a girl snatching kidnapper about?How did anyone get anywhere when all these platforming puzzles are about?Why did woolfe even want granma dead?How the hell did Woolfe get wolf summoning powers and lightning magic?So many ""this is a thing now"" moments. No explanation. Just deal."
76561198054346024,Not Recommended,281940,15536684,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Jaybles,"It may seem a tad petty, but as someone who primarily games on a PC/Laptop and uses keyboard and mouse I find it highly irritating that you cannot apply keybindings to the mouse buttons. It appears that the only way to /play this game is by using a controller - something that not all players are comfortable with or find easy to do.I'm sure the game has its good points, but when I am already put off by the controller options (or lack thereof) I really would not recommend this game to anyone who, like me, uses a keyboard and mouse when gaming."
,Not Recommended,281940,16687647,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,StickyWhiteStuff,"+ Amazingly good graphics.- Lots of platforming, but poor execution. If you fall on water or get hit by spikes, it's instant death, and respawning is a short fade to black, then fade in with you back at the nearest respawn point. The whole respawn animation effect makes it a little too tedious when you do trial and error. Some respawn points put you too far back when you die, so for example, you'd have to wait for a moving platform to get closer to you again and jump on it, before you can proceed.- The camera and perspective work against you for the platforming parts. The game has a sort of side-scrolling level layout, but you can move in 3d. So when you move deeper in, it's sometimes not easily evident since the camera is in side view. Running around the level often ends up with me bumping on posts and obstacles, which gets me stuck, which, at first glance doesn't look like it, but if you rotate the camera, you'd see that yes, you were trying to walk through a pillar. I would think that bringing the camera a little higher while maintaining its gaze down at the level could help, but I'm just guessing here. It's also sometimes hard to gauge where I'll land upon jumping.- Generally clunky combat animations. Don't expect a deep combat system here. Even while you're constantly hitting an enemy, they're still able to do attacks while in the middle of getting hurt. So the idea here is to roll away when they're doing an attack. But with all the special effects your weapon does, its sometimes hard to notice when someone's about to hit you.I'd really rather not give this game a thumbs down because it looks so gorgeous, you could tell the developers poured a lot into making the graphics look beautiful. But as a game, it's generally a frustrating experience, but your mileage may vary."
,Not Recommended,281940,15053312,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,☆Hanniee☆,":( a waste of 10$, game was buggy and wasnt seem to be fun at all."
,Recommended,281940,33249932,Posted: 4 July,all,nenoro,On easy the difficulty isn't easier... it's like i play on normal i die a lot because well miss the plateform or mob kills me.But i like this game and i just found out there will be no Vol 2 dat sucks >.<But yeah this vol 1 is good and i love Red she is like Alice from Madness Returnsi recommend it =)
,Not Recommended,281940,21939036,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,AngelHalo,"Before you purchase the game, know that the ending is a cliff-hanger, and there will NOT be a follow-up.Although I did not dedicate a lot of time playing through the entire game, I should note that first impressions can be the most lasting.  Sadly, this game did not make a good first impression.  It is a shame too, because I like the idea behind this: a dark take on the classic Red Riding Hood tale, made into an action game.  You could say this is similar in concept to that of Alice in Wonderland.  Even after seeing the mixed reviews, I figured that maybe I can enjoy this game.I learn that this game is not even finished.  It was released in a state where it clearly needs more ironing out.  The combat is dis-satisfying, in a way where it feels more like a beat-em-up, except there are no combo attacks, and enemies provide barely any feedback to your actions.  They'll flinch once, but will immediately attack like they felt nothing, forcing you to jump around, hoping they don't hit you.  It is almost pointless to even do the stronger attack since the damage output is barely noticeable, and it is too slow in comparison to risk doing so.  The platforming is alright, but it was not refined well enough, considering that I can speed up the climbing sections simply by jumping around, regardless of the protagonist's current state; although there are invisible walls in place that, although would look as if you can cross, you are actually prevented from doing so because that is not how the game is played.  Fixing the problem by adding another is not good game design.The presentation is really awkward to look at too.  The graphics for the environment are really good, but the character models look more like lifeless dolls (not counting the enemies, of course), and it's quite a contrast, especially when you look at Piper's model.  The actress displays emotion in what seems to be awkward moments that doesn't seem to be called for, or is she calling out to the villain?  He never talks at all, and the line of dialogue sounds as if it would be narration text... it is disorienting.  It is a shame though.  The actress actually sounds like she was doing a good job with the character.  My most annoying gripe with her is the constant rhyming of her lines, including lines that should not rhyme.It is sad to say that as much as I want to like this game, it will never be fixed, and it will never be continued.  Therefore, I cannot recommend the game, simply because it will lead to a cliff-hanger ending, obviously leading to a sequel that will not happen."
,Not Recommended,281940,20958964,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,RecurveZ,LAG
76561198068082091,Recommended,281940,21303889,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Maleficent,Awsome!
,Recommended,281940,20595728,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Northern Star,"Alright... This game looks great, it has a good enough story, and I dig how it touches on a dark topic. But, it is the most frustrating little turd I think I have ever played. I played through it on medium, and there were times where I was mashing the keyboard to skip the same cutscene for the 20th+ time. The boss fights are hella difficult and take a lot of patience. Buy at your own risk."
76561197995884292,Recommended,281940,19810811,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Maesto,Even if it is not finished and probably never will be so far its a good game.
76561198067469524,Recommended,281940,21437111,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,dreadedTabby,"I love this game. Like with any game it had its issues ( Glitchy in certain areas, Made to look like Open World Platforner and it isnt..had to mess with my settings a bit in order for it to start running properly..meh)But even still, the beautiful music, background and storyline of this game kept me hooked.If you get easily annoyed with a game, this is not the game for you. You will rage quit or fling your computer in certain areas of this game.But if you dont mind playing a ..lets face it...Alice:Madness Returns knock off with some buggies..then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,281940,20669373,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ron AF Greve,"Disclosure I am not much of a platform game player. Still, the graphics are great and the music/sound is good, didn't encounter any bugs and I enjoyed the game at first. Problem is the game keeps you hostage, because when you leave the game the next time, you have to replay a very large part of the game until you are at the point where you probably got stuck. Since I haven't all day to play games (I usually play for half an hour or so) I just keep replaying the same part.Really, was itthatdifficult to put some savepoints in? I can imagine that real platform gamers, with enough time on their hands, might like it though. For the price I got it, it was worth its value.I have to give it a Yes or a No and that's very difficult. because it depends on what you like but, since I think it has to reflect my experience, I give it a No."
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,281940,24502881,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,supesandbats,Sneaking is painfully slow.
,Recommended,281940,14974769,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,philrock,HelloThis is first review of a game so that should say something about Woolfe.Every once in awhile a special game comes along. A gem some might say and Woolfe is one of those games to me.Good on evey level. Fills all the right niches.Highly recommend for a short but well thought out game. Can't wait until the sequel.Hats off to Grin and good thing that guy came along with that proflio. It started something very good in the video game world.Thank You
,Recommended,281940,29810509,Posted: 9 February,all,MajorCliche,"Where to begin.... The game is gorgeous, voice acting is fine, story contradicts itself in the later stages, you have to use a controller playing this game or you will lose your mind,  there are sections that are frustrating but not in a break your controller rage quit way, and it is insanely short.Getting into it I had no idea how short the game would be and I was really excited cause it reminded me a lot of American McGee's Alice ... just the length... if you want a short quick game that looks great and will ultimately frustrate you in the end because there's not more of it this is the game for you.  To me it feels like an extended demo for a game that hasn't been released yet."
76561198094759447,Not Recommended,281940,22856944,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,kalanorvir,"great looking game , great game play and good story.how ever horrbly short . in  fact so short  I can not reomend tis game unless its super cheap at time of purchase.I beat it in 119 min and that while messing around."
,Not Recommended,281940,26330722,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Azura Squifflepants,"This is plain bad. It's the first negative review I've left on Steam. The camera angles are abysmal. The motion controls are terrible. It's beautiful but next to unplayable. Save your money; even if it's on sale. There are much, much better platformers out there."
,Not Recommended,281940,23993038,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,KenReels,"I say don't buy this with the caviat that if its cheap like say on sale I would say its worth playing this craptastic disaster of a game. It runs fine for the most part though I did experience screen tearing when streaming the game. This may have been a result of the streaming so keep that in mind. However, dialogue already got annoying 15 min in because of how cliche and stupid it was. There was one point that the dialogue literally made no sense. Options for auido control is limited to 6 settings each one of them being off. But the gaps in those levels are so huge that one might be too low while the next step up will be too high even though they use a slider bar to represent their options. Design wise the game is a mess there were times I jumped thinking I could jump and I would hit an invisible wall. You have a health bar but almost everything in the game is an instant death. It's just a mess all around if you want to learn how not to design a game this is one to check out on the cheap."
,Not Recommended,281940,15114994,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,JanoLoves,"This is not a fairytale, there´s nothing fair about it.The controls are not fair, you barely can control where you are jumping-The combat is not fair, you just press buttons trying to hit something before they kill you. Special attacks leaves you more uncovered to receive harm than the one you deal. Some attacks kills you instantly, without explanation.The platforming is not fair. Some elements shine so you know you can grab in there, but other do not sou you hace to guess where to grab, aaaand, same elements you can grab on and jump onto, in other parts of the level you cant. Platforming in this game is just confusing as hell. The level desing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it look like the same scenery again and again. The first part is, lets call it barely easy, but, the devs took it away and change the final level into some Dark Souls platforming, making it unfairly hard.The animations are not fair. Red is talking and her ♥♥♥♥ing mouth is closed. Red has the facial expressions of a potato.The achievements are not fair, they look like they ve done it last minute.The overall game seems so unfinished and unpolished. Its tough to play and so unsatisfying that, depict the fact that only last over 2 hours, it feels long for me.Good concept of game, but is not done as it should have.I cannot recommend this. I wanted to like this game, I really did, but I cant. Its so frustrating and didnt really have fun at all. If you want the looks, play Alice, if you want the platforming with combat play Blade Kitten or BloodyRayn Betrayal, but you are not going to enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,281940,15814100,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Halflight,"Woolfe: The Red Hood Diaries is a platform game developed by GRIN Gamestudio that's a rather twisted take on the famous Red Riding Hood fairy tale: the titular character, now a young girl, decides to begin a journey to avenge her parents from the powerful industry captain B.B. Woolfe. The game was supposed to be an episodic title and can now be brought in its entirety.The main beef of Woolfe is about navigating the various levels as Red Riding Hood from a platform to another (and create one if necessary) and defeat the enemies who'll try to stop you. The protagonist comes armed with an axe and some special moves that consume a dedicated meter. Scattered through the levels are collectables that unlock concept art and interesting bits about the game's setting in the main menu.Simply put, however, Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries could had been a great game with serious American McGee's Alice vibes, but at this point it's just a mere skeleton of a proper title. To name some of the issues:- The game is incredibly short, clocking about two hours at worst.- The enemies selection is simply abysmal. Also, the only two bosses featured aren't exactly thrilling.- The combat system is very simplistic, to the point of being a chore more than anything else (the three difficulties offered, easy, normal and hard, do little to change this).- The placing of checkpoints is questionable at best (this becomes an annoyance in the final part of the game, where the platforming experiences a severe jump in difficulty).- The game could had used more voice actors, that's for sure.- The plot isn't as fleshed out as it should be (but then again, the game is two hours long).Of course Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries have its own redeeming factors, like a genuinely unique and inspired artistic direction and the Red Riding Hood's monologues (which are always spoken in rhymes and manage to be funny and interesting), but as it stands the game it's only worth a purchase during a strong sale"
,Not Recommended,281940,16235450,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Sanlumiere,"Two things to know about Woolfe: The Red Hood Diaries.1) It's VERY short. When I say very short, I am talking maaaaaybe 2 hours if you take your time. So purchase on sale - it's worth $5, but it's a stretch to think there is $10 of content in this game.2) It may have a look reminiscent of American McGee's Alice, and that's a positive of the experience, but the similarity is only skin deep. If twisted fairy tales are your thing, you likely won't find too much satisfaction here.WOOLFE: The Red Hood Diaries Review - Truly an example of style over substance.This 2.5D sidescrolling platformer/puzzler initially strikes you as being a remarkably polished offering from developer GrIN but it doesn't take long to figure out that this slick presentation is literally only skin-deep.All elements outside of graphic presentation are passable, but not special.The combat is average - not a detriment, but certainly not a positive.The puzzles are generally speaking rather tame and unexciting involving a bit of back and forth, flipping the occasional switch and progressing relatively unimpeded.The platforming is uninspired and basic, but again, not enough to say it's bad, just... not interesting.The story starts promisingly but quickly falls flatThere is one collectible type, so there is no real added depth for completionists to replay the game.So, again, there are no missteps per se, but there is no innovation either. Where a game like Ori and the Blind Forest pushes the genre in a way to create a new experience, Woolfe is perfectly content to be average throughout, if not a little below in several aspects.The controls are awkward - and one pet peeve of mine is when the controller is your highest bar of difficulty. Jumps can be inaccurate, sending you to your death on what should be a relatively straightforward action.Woolfe is not a bad game, but not a game that most would need in their libraries. The short length, lack of replay value, and overall average underlying game play makes the only high point it's presentation, and if you want that, I am sure there are wallpapers you can put your desktop for a week a year to get your fix.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=456674421"
76561198064557490,Not Recommended,281940,18564148,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Comet Tails,"Out of 5 stars I would only give it a 1.5. And that is because I'm being nice. This has terrible game play. Combat is all types of screwed up. No blocking. No targeting. Hack and slash that barely ever hits anything. Horrible health indicator. Actually horrible health, I was dieing while still having health.  Battles for story is too easy, while boss battles are difficult and hard to figure out. Half the time you have no idea what is going on. It explains next to nothing, you know the main thing that she is avenging her father, that's about it. It doesn't even explain these symbols you are suppose to get. Holes in the world so you are near the edge and you fall thru or you try to jump and some how you get stuck on something no where near you. Or the game just suddenly puts you in another spot. I could probably go on and on, but that would be really rude and also it's 2am where I am at and I am tired. The two things I liked about this game is that the concept was cool, reminded me a lot of Alice: Madness Returns, which I played and loved. The other thing is the art work. The detail was beautiful, but there was too much, made the game lag when it shouldn't have lagged. If you don't believe me just read the comments that the creators wrote, they agree it isn't a good game. (Of course they have their reasons why it wasn't as great as they wish) I mainly just want to write this review so people don't waste their money buying it. If I could I would return it, but it is to late for me. But not yet for you. So do yourself a favor and just don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,281940,20552257,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,S1CKS1D3,"nice art but with clunky controls and a lot of bugs, wouldn't recommend it to a friend"
,Not Recommended,281940,17706335,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Vella,"I think this game got a bad rap, for little cause. The game is actually quite fun, looks good, not amazing but good, esp from an indie team. The length of the game can be quite questionable, but this is more of a subjective view then objective. The big mistake here was splitting the game, ask Double Fine about that headache. As so, I think this is what doomed the developers in the end. They claim bad reviews *and yes there were quite a few*, and poor sales. The latter part you can get around by making a complete game and not segmenting it up.In conclusion, I have enjoyed the game so far, and I will complete it. Will I recommend new buyers get this game? No. Not because I hate the game, quite the oppisite, but because the deveoper is bankrupt and therefor the game will never be completed. Sorry to see the game *end* that way."
76561198112736763,Not Recommended,281940,17285859,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,arturas.labadiena,the ♥♥♥♥ happened to controls? cannot pull the special moves. early acces was all so smoothand now it's just frustrating
,Not Recommended,281940,17835619,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Aerai,It looked amazing. but the fighting was too awful for me to feel like i was in combat and she talked too much with not skip. The story look like it had promise but she design poorly this roleplaying game.
,Not Recommended,281940,29295274,Posted: 16 January,all,GameLinguist™,"Τι μου άρεσε: τα γραφικά του, ο σχεδιασμός και η ατμόσφαιρα των επιπέδων, η ηρωίδαΤι δεν μου άρεσε: η πάρα πολύ μικρή διάρκεια, η άνευρη ιστορία, οι μάχες, τα voiceovers, η ακύρωση του δεύτερου μέρουςΒαθμολογία: 60/100Αναλυτικότεραhttps://gamelinguist.wordpress.com/2016/05/20/on-the-game-tip-of-my-tongue-45-the-small-toothless-woolfe/"
76561198104658631,Not Recommended,281940,24247631,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aibou,"Okay... so I played 8 minutes of.. whatever the ♥♥♥♥ this is, and had to turn it off. For many reasons. First of all.. I can't tell if the creator of this game was either trying to be creative and revamp the classic story of Red Riding Hood, or.. they just never picked up the ♥♥♥♥ing book in their life. The story is more or less explained, as soon as you start the game up. If you can even call this sad excuse of a brooding teenager's tale of martyrdom a 'story'. Nothing about it makes sense. Just listening to this.. white haired girl.. who has a voice of a 35 year old cougar (though riding hood was originally a child) sounding like she was coming up with the story about her past on the spot, just.. gave me the BIGGEST ♥♥♥♥ing migraine. I WANTED to like this. Even though it had mostly negative reviews, I WANTED this to be a good game. I thought it would be something akin to Alice Madness Returns, which in a somewhat awkward way, the art style DID have that feel, but I can't just sit here and pretend I like something I couldn't even last ten minutes playing. The story is terrible, the concept while it could of been interesting just wasn't executed well at ALL. Who and WHAT the ♥♥♥♥ is Woolfe and why the hell does he have ANY part in this story if her dad died of an accident. I could of BARED the fact it was mainly platformer if it wasn't for the fact that everything else was♥♥♥♥♥♥around it. No wonder it never got finished. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, RHD. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Put it in a bag. I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care what you have to do with it. Sell it to a store, take it to a♥♥♥♥♥♥museum. Just get. your♥♥♥♥♥♥ TOGETHER. GETYOUR♥♥♥♥♥OGETHER.So yeah. If you could remove this atrocity from Steam and give me my dollar back from the steam sale, that would be great. 0/10 Never ♥♥♥♥ing playing again."
76561198139796636,Not Recommended,281940,19580416,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,RyanNitewing,Lol This Game Is So Bad But Them Graphics Tho.
76561198041711671,Recommended,281940,33985669,Posted: 2 August,all,Lunar Kitten,Love the story of this game. Controls are a bit hard but after a bit of playing you get used to it.
76561197996738656,Not Recommended,281940,23289663,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mythophile,This game is trying too hard to be badass.
,Not Recommended,281940,15005474,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Orici,No mouse support
76561198074439821,Not Recommended,281940,15340782,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Nori,My joystick dont work in game. Got it configured rightway and used in big picture mode. Help if you know whats wrong
76561198128734627,Not Recommended,281940,17629772,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,dasginchen,bad controls
76561198164207640,Not Recommended,281940,26135312,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Orkhon-Khan,">be me>have a deceant pc>finally beat boss after zillionth try>game gives crush>re open it>autosave didnt save my beat.>decide to rage quit>crash againThis game crash so much. Really so much. Music is good, art style is good, story and game play are deceant, game looks like Alice series, athmosphere is promising but crashes killing all the game. Also optimization is terrible."
76561198359079728,Not Recommended,281940,34040812,Posted: 5 August,all,bowl_OF_flakes,"I liked the idea of this game more than I actually liked it. At the intro menu screen, i was maintaining around 11FPS. once the game got going, that rocketed up to 20-22 fps avg, maybe like 26fps peak. Its not totally unplayable, but so choppy. i messed with all the graphic settings from 720p min settings, up to 1080p @max settings, and the difference is almost unnoticible going from like 15 fps @ max up to 22 fps @min. Im running an i7-7700HQ w/ a GTX 1050ti and 16gb RAM, all of which are well above the stated recommended spec for the game. Frustrating for all the wrong reasons."
76561198051351289,Not Recommended,281940,16255654,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,thelegend27 [squid],"advertises like a game I'd like, the combat is broken, allong with the game."
76561198041556856,Not Recommended,281940,16514907,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sphycte_Qc,"The graphics are amazing, not top quality, but beautiful. That's what made me want ot try it. It looked like a world I'd like to immerse in. But the narration totally killed it. LAME! So LAME! Stereotypical teenage female who acts all bad♥♥♥♥♥with such a lame (did I mention it was lame?) and predictable sense of humor. It's just trying too hard, it's painful. The controls annoyed me too, especially during the fights. And the mix of 3d and platformer clashed at some points making obvious, helpful and logical moves impossible. Not worth th price and the time."
,Not Recommended,281940,15453774,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,GΔMΞVIXΞN,"::: DISAPPOINTED, BUT MAY BE REDEEMED! :::I have followed this game even through its Greenlight days and instantly I made the connection that this Dev team maybe the one that can finally develop what American McGee  didn't deliver with  the ""Red"" Concept, which was later scrapped . The game was so ultimately beautiful that it seemed to hold much promise for a dream come true. But The game felt like a long demo or a game still in alpha. The game felt like it almost had a solid story until midway and closer to the end which then it started to feel rush like hurry up lets finish the game to meet a deadline instead of getting an immersive experience that could have been an instant classic. There was only 1 mini boss and 1 big boss and then a final boss. Most games have atleast 6-8 bosses and more stages. The Grin devs did do right by warning the public that it was a short put into 2 volumes. But they didn't finish the first volume. Usually an great epic game has a full finished plot and then the sequel continues it. I would have kept it in development until they had more material and made this game the powerful gem it was meant to be. This game was also very glitchy even on the lowest settings. The character you play she likes to run backwards alot and the screen glitches around alot making the game completely unplayable at times forcing me to have to exit and restart the game. I play all my steam games on my windows surface pro 3 and it plays all hi end games especially if u dial back the resolution to a low setting. Like I said this game has so much potential and very gorgeous to play when it does work, but I hope the next ""volume"" improves immensly and gives the players a completed experience with minor to no glitches at all and leave a customer satisfied. I wouldn't be surprised to see someone try to knock this game off just to give gamers the  full ""red"" experience. My suggestion is to not supply a release date for the 2nd volume and get all the kinks out before it is even close released. I do want to tell the Grin team thank you for how fast you were still able to deliver this game with the high quality of graphic content provided and for their efforts."
,Not Recommended,281940,22157425,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Devil R3dLady,"This game captures my mind every time I play it. It just screams ""NO"" just like when the character dies in the game over and over again and its like a remix ""NonoNooonoNooo *improvised rageing* no""! Just No!-Voice acting makes my ears bleed-command ""grab"" will not work when theres death underneath you (so you can hear the ""no"" remix ft. mc rage. NB: please dont hurt your pc cause of that. RIP my mouse)-and when you tell to jump to lil Red then she just flips you off like a woman usually does and does what ever the hell she wants. Usually ending with death.When you have a chance to cooldown and look around in the game, it actually looks beautiful. Then it slaps you in a face with some kind of clitch, cause you moved turing a cutscene or were on a wrong place and game is fudged up again.Oh yeah, clitches. This game has them alot. Like during fight your healtbar is full but suddenly you die. Then you respawn with a empty healtbar and die again. Or you miss a bossfight cause you ran too fast through the door and the boss is stuck behind it. Lol. I didnt want to fight that rat anyways.After im done with my angermanagment, just MAYBE I will come back to this game and try to finish it. See you in 60 years..."
,Not Recommended,281940,29888996,Posted: 12 February,all,Sweet Games,"I Feel like I wasted my money on this. I can barely play it on the PC, the controls are weird and the movement is slow. This looks like they tried and failed to recreate Alice Return to Madness. I would not reccomend this to anyone, and if there is a way to get my money back or return the game I would. There are some positives but I really tried to give this a fair amount of time and I got to the point where I cannot keep trying to make a game work that just wont work. I have never left a review for any game before but I also have never been so dissapointed in a game before."
76561197970930778,Recommended,281940,33449401,Posted: 10 July,all,Durshuk,"Biggest beefs were with the limited camera control and length, though on sale this was around or less than $6.00.  Worth the full price IF used with Nividia 3D Vision system as it works near flawless and becomes genuine eye candy on highest settings. Small amount of violence but no more than the original Red riding hood fairy tales make it a good game for kids."
76561198111434241,Not Recommended,281940,14978538,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Saprophost,"Don't buy it. The graphics is good, but the level design is jusy aweful. I just ♥♥♥♥ing rage quitted. This crap needs repatch. No to mention the legth of the game. Don't buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,281940,20556075,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Madame Blueberry,"This game gave me autism...The coding is horrid, she couldn't ♥♥♥♥ing grab the pipe at all...Controls were absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥..Boss battle was completly pointless...Voice acting and puns made me want to die...Story is alright-ish...The game is horrible, dont waste your money even for sale...BTW I've never given a bad review before :l"
,Not Recommended,281940,15120614,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,"ARC-57 ""Snow""","I'm running Windows 7 with a 2.7 GHz dual-core processor, AMD R7 200 graphics with 4gb of memory, and 6gb of RAM, with dx9 and - of course - plenty of hard drive space.Why is the game so ridiculously slow? I turned all the settings down and the FPS rate still drops, the game acts like I'm connected to a central server suffering lag (I run and jump to land on a platform in the water, and it warps me backward in mid-air after I land without retaining my momentum; causing me to fall and drown... Repeatedly).It doesn't seem optimized at all, causing a walk-in-the-park parkour to feel like I'm hitting my head into a wall.I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone, but it utterly breaks my experience and I can't actually recommend buying this game until movement is streamlined (it's bad enough with the limited camera angle).Also the basic Clockworks can't descend stairs, so I tried to trick them into some falling boxes and they just stopped. (They also can't hit you while you're jumping)... Perhaps this changes after you find your axe, but what gives? It's like sneaking doesn't matter."
,Not Recommended,281940,15572018,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Good Boy,Garbage.
76561198091196035,Not Recommended,281940,15911883,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,KingMGB,What the hell why its need to be continued! where is the next chapter!
76561198173258857,Not Recommended,281940,16000924,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Raion86,"I would like to recommend this game but unfortunately I can't, ledge grabbing bugs ruin the game and have made my progression impossible."
,Not Recommended,281940,22681755,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Peachybero,"Ugh oh my god this game super sucks!!!!!!!Play this game if you want to play a crappy, janky version of Alice: Madness Returns. Here's a rundown:Story: CrapControls: Jank...That's all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,281940,14964874,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Skrzyp,"Fight giant rat boss in sewer to open door.Beat the boss, causing the door to open and crush me against the wall.Start the sequence again, and now the door is open, but still barred.Beat the boss again, door closes.Quit game."
,Not Recommended,281940,14972112,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Coolman Sexhaver,"Pros -Environments look good.Cons-Took 2 hours to beat even with a fair amount of deaths.Platforming is really janky and unresponsive, so is the combat.Checkpoint system is terrible.The attention to detail in the scenery and storytelling is quite nice but it is completely overshadowed by how bad the gameplay is. It doesn't even have an ending, just 'To Be Continued'. If I had the chance to go back I would definitely not have wasted my money. It's a nice concept but the game reeks of laziness when it comes to actual gameplay."
76561198222351464,Not Recommended,281940,18299613,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,sandiego.ana,I cant even start mine because it lags too much. Waste of money.
,Recommended,281940,20257846,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pedro from Peru,not dark souls
,Not Recommended,281940,14939297,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ｗｅｅｂ ᕕ(ⴲᗝⴲ)ᕗ,"only good thing i can say about this is it has some nice poetic moments in the first 5 or 10 minutes, it's all around clunkyat first i got the feeling it'd be a case of some awful combat slowing down an otherwise okay puzzle platformer, and this was true for the first levelthen the 2nd level turns into a frustrating case of trial and error, almost like a 3D ""I wanna be the guy"" except sloppy and brokenfor a while i thought the low price might be an indication of quality, so i let it slide during my time playing... then it ended.2 hours clocked with a maybe 20-30 deaths. at least 20 due to horrible design.at least 15 minutes of idle time, and i spent a good 30 minutes trying to beat the final bossif you want bang for your buck stay clear.Final verdict - almost as short as The Order 1886 and features the main character from that game as the villain so you can kill him if you hated that game i guess"
76561198009308209,Not Recommended,281940,14943983,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,AustynSN,"The hit and action detection on this game is horrible.Examples.On the fight with the Pied Piper, I'm frequently hit by the giant rat, even if I'm leaping out of the way.  Also, when I swing at the smaller rats, they'll sometimes all die at once (With a ground stomp), but sometimes, it doesn't even kill one (Even if the axe is going right through them).  I can't seem to jump over the rolling spiked boulders, even when double jumping.Earlier in the same level, when you're supposed to jump from pipe to pipe while hanging from them, it was random whether Red would grab the next pipe, or fall to her doom.  It was almost impossible to jump to pipes below."
76561197991744557,Not Recommended,281940,14972932,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Nightlistic,"So I was looking for a game with retro 1990 controls without the convience of a mouse OR being able to remap my controls, and boy did this game deliver! Say goodbye to the easy days of mouse looking, and hello to confusing arrow controls, who needs to see where they are going, I like the added difficulty of maneuvering while staring at the ceiling.But seriously, this game mechanic wise is a nightmare on PC. If you want to play a game with keyboard controls from the 90's then go for it because nothing can be bound to the mouse (attacks keys etc), the camera is controlled by the number keys, and trying to get any type of support for this game through steam support is about as helpful as getting punched in the crotch. Go for it try asking an question on Steam Support about In Game Issues then click contact Support it sends you to the games website then you click support and it sends your right back to Steam Support in a clusterfawk loop of no help at all.I purchaced this game because it reminded me of Alice Madness Returns. Visually it looks promising however if your like me, and not a fan of change then your going to have a bad time. I loaded it up, was getting excited about exploring the world. Got to the start up area where she spawns in her room hit the W button to move around and nothing. Then I noticed there wasn't a cursor. So I thought simple mistake i'll go to setting and just change up the controls to keyboard cause I thought maybe it thought I was using a controller.Well it will let me bind WASD to movement but it won't let you bind the attack buttons to the mouse, hell the mouse is nonexistant. Seriously who makes a PC game without a mouse? Guess Mice are to mainstream. Then I saw the camera movement was via the number keys, and was like o.O who thought that was a good idea? So I tried to see if there was an option to change it to the mouse wheel...nope. Basically its a PC game without your typical PC Game controls, and unfortunitly i'm going to have to bite the bullet on this one. So you're welcome for my 10 dollar donation for your game I will never play. So overall this entire experience reminded me why Ieft Steam years ago and joined the console race where for the most part Camera controls never change, and attack buttons are always going to be pretty much in the same area."
76561198065428401,Not Recommended,281940,15657974,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,tomttoo,One of the worst games I played.New title but looks like 10 years old game.Avoid
,Not Recommended,281940,25527834,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,gamerbunny,dont like it
,Not Recommended,281940,25924917,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sr. Lobo,Isn't worth even for free.
,Recommended,281940,18651992,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,tonicmole,"What Grin accomplished with Woolfe is astounding, which makes it so much worse that it may never be completed.  Even as is Woolfe is a fun and beautiful ""Alice"" style platformer worth any fan of the genre's attention.  Over all the game is far more polished than most Indie titles and definitly comes off as a much larger budget game.  I hope to see at least some members of Grin be able to continue what they started and if not, than I hope they realize what they accomplished is amazing."
76561198015554444,Recommended,281940,18565772,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,SandboxDenmark,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,281940,18580809,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Muted Horn,"This is a charming little platform tale,Told in rhymes and great design.Don't be fooled by the 50 something metacritic score;Defs recommend if you loved Trine as well."
76561198255343689,Recommended,281940,18569728,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,ExtraZombie,"This game deserves your money.It is flawed. After finishishing (in 2 hours) it I cant claim otherwise. The biggest problem is the combat. It is not up to par. The only other problem I had were some of the jungle levels that had some confusing level design.This IS A JEM for me and I dont feel bad for spending my money on it. It bares one playtrough if you don't want to go back for 30% missed collectables (in my case).Even though I can get a refund I won't, the game is worth it."
,Recommended,281940,17324232,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MindlessStar,"Nice game, not to easy. Liked it a lot.  :)"
,Recommended,281940,14947605,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,allensgameshow,"Just played & I must say I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS GAME!!!The story, characters, graphics, atmosphere is on point I honestly couldnt ask for more. I even gave the developers a round of applause for their work in my gamplay video :)Only thing I had a problem with was the mouth animations, I would like to see that worked on. As far as I'm concerned this game gets 2 thumbs up from me. :)"
,Recommended,281940,18635069,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,The Red Hooded Wraith,I like the game however the gameplay is a bit laggy and I do hope that they fix it.
,Not Recommended,281940,19563127,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Nadpoopie,The game's setting and art is exceptional but the gameplay not so much. The story is good but it need more UMF.
76561197997754210,Recommended,281940,19380409,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Xer0.,"Wow, So for those of you who grew up with platformers like super Mario, and DK country, or even Odd World on the SNES. You will love this game. I am going to be honest. I got this game on the steam sale. I was drawn in by the American McGee / EA art style. I loved Alice, and Madness Returns. This game is not so much focused on the combat as the platforming. Remember, this is an Indi game. The sad part is because of how beautiful the game is, I think anyone who gave this less than perfect is expecting a multimillion dollar production. It is short, saddeningly so, however VERY MUCH worth full price. But remember it is mainly a platformer. So give yourself a gift. Make a pot of hot co-co this X-Mas, grab a controller, relax and enjoy this masterpiece of an Indi game! Thank you Grin and Wim Wouters, your game made my holiday season! I hope that EA sees this game, buys the rights and you guys can do like 10 volumes!For those of you who complain about the rat fight with the first boss: You fihgt the small rats, you fight the big one, big one hits the wood. Repeat this 3x to get pass the instance.... oh and good games don't hand you solutions, use problem solving skills."
76561198077719495,Recommended,281940,19796843,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,babydollpinup,"Fun, dark, take on the fairytale executed well. Only criticsm are the occasional game glitches and the short length but still entertaining and fun. IF YOU LIKED ALICE/ALICE MADNESS RETURNS YOU WILL LIKE WOOLFE THE RED HOOD DIARIES"
,Recommended,281940,19952417,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MrGopher,"Honestly, one of the most interesting indie games I have played in a quite a while. Beautiful graphics, amazing voice acting, smoothish play (there are some tricky parts but even on hard difficulty, with some skill, you can get past them), great story/world, and best of all, the main protagonist delivers alot of puns and one liners."
76561198075004126,Not Recommended,281940,24120713,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dirtdiver1,"I wanted to like this game going in and I did like the style of the game but the controls were unresponsive and the camera would shake and flip me off the edge for no reason.   Some of the death spikes in the forest level would kill me before I would touch them.  And why do you have a health bar if most of the stuff is one hit kills.  I did finish the game the story was ok and Granny Palpatine gave me the death paw special move, the last one, in the middle of the second of the only two boss battles in the game and it wasn't even that useful.  Get this game if it's like fifty cents otherwise find something else."
76561198289472085,Recommended,281940,24252351,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,dwxsy,"Beautiful scenery, soundtrack and rhymes!The control (I use keyboard) is a little difficult for me, esp. the jumping and chasing part, but still a nice experience.Hoping to see the next episode of the story~~"
76561198095542956,Recommended,281940,24307167,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MagnaKnight,"PLS read this. I am a big fan of Alice madness returns, when i saw this game i told myself ""I must have it"" because the design and it feels similar to it. In a way it does. The only reason i gave it a thumbs up is because it feelslike an Alice Liddell game.PROS:1. The enemies are well made and amazing2. The scenery is beautiful and amazing.3. The story is good.4. Red looks AWESOME.5. Feminist can't complain about this game.6. The ONLY game that will give you the feeling of Alice american McGee, (a little bit from Tim Burton).7. Red speaks through the whole game making the game feel more full.CONS:1. The animation needs TONS of work.2. Fighting is horrible since everything is incomplete.3. You get some magical powers but it never explains why and how.4. No fighting music.5. Framerate drops (IDK why).6. Little puzzles7. Story is WAY to short8. little to do9. Game isnt finished10. So much things must be done."
76561198036548891,Recommended,281940,23159458,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ruisu,"Good game, beautiful graphics, there are some flaws, but overall, is a good game, very funny to play if you like platform games"
,Recommended,281940,23863881,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wgdavis,"I truly am enjoying this game, but there are some deep flaws one should be aware of before purchasing.First, the visuals are beautiful.  rarely has an Action /  Platformer looked this good.Secondly, the controls are acceptable - except for the camera angle, which is only slightly adjustable, and sometimes leaves you guessing as to whether or not you are lined up for that jump.Thirdly, the perspective - a kinda 2.5 dimensions - makes this extremely frustrating.While I am recommending it, consider it a lukewarm thumbs up, and don't pay full price - I paid $3.39, and would submit that it was a fair price, but at $10, it would not be - for me."
,Recommended,281940,22756459,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,karatienix,Ends on a bit of a cliffhanger but overall good story. Looking forward to a follow up.
,Recommended,281940,22723802,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jehran,It's a short but fun game. The voice acting is good and adds depth to Red's pain. The frequent rhyming is amusing and makes it really feel like a perverted fairy tale which I definately think is what the dev's were going for. All in all I think it was a worthwhile purchase.
,Recommended,281940,20851305,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Stormcloud D,"THis is a good game, with a good main character with lots of non -Red riding hood attitude - she's pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ Loving the graphics and story, there is a nice dark atmosphere about it. But there is one MAJOR niggle about it. Not enough permanant checkpoints. For example, whenever you are playing a level, you have to complete it totally before you can save that point, to start off there on another occasion. If you fail to finish any level, then you cannot save for example two-thirds the way through it. Strange reasoning. You have to go RIGHT BACK to the start next time!! Grrrr. Not great for clumsy gameplayers like ME. Apart from that, I'm really liking it."
76561198050262385,Not Recommended,281940,20841806,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Turtlewax64,"tldr:  Game is ok, consider if interested in art and on sale.Woolfe speaks to me of a team with tallent, but no experience.  The art is absolutly gorgeous, I could just drink in the visuals all day.  Level design is less great.  Most of the time it's clear where to go, but when it isn't, it really shows.  Jumps that you can ALMOST make, and invisible walls where you'd like to go abound.  The game very much loves instant kills, and you will hit spikes that blend with level terrain  dozens of times.  This becomes very clear on bosses, who have more instant kills than regular attacks, making them a trial and error fight.  A running sequence towards the end of the game has a major issue with having two branching paths, one of which will randomly kill you.  Go back and start from checkpoint.Story wise, the game suffers from being very angsty.  Red is so wrapped up in suffering that it becomes hard to take her seriously.  This is not helped by the fact that most of the game's  writing is poetry, which becomes cringe worthy fast.  Oddly, about 30% of the lines aren't rhyming though, so it becomes even more jarring  than it would normally.  The pacing of the story feels seriously off, with a forced climax coming out of nowhere and leading into a badly handled sequel hook.  The game is also only 2 hours long, which might contribute to this awkward pacing.Mechanically, the game is servicible but mediocre.  Platforming is floaty, with a fixed camera sometimes making it difficult to tell where to go.  Combat is very awkward, mainly consisting of mashing light attack.  It gives you some magic attacks a short ways into the game, but these prove to deal very little damage, and have a slo-mo effect that makes them hard to use.  The combat in general feels poorly though out and in need of polish.At the end of the day, I paid 5 dollars for the game, and got a decent amount of fun out of it.  But although it pains me to give a game that evidences some solid tallent a thumbs down, I can't recomend it at full price.  If the art interests you, consider getting it on sale."
,Recommended,281940,20555814,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SiiN,AWESOME GAME !!
,Recommended,281940,20576587,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,padfootmochi,"fun and beautiful , but its reeeeeaaaly short"
,Recommended,281940,20601591,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[NC] GanjaNinja,Bought this game while its on sale and iv been keeping an eye on this since it was on kickstart. I do not regret on buying this game! Feels like its a combo of Alice madness returns and Child of light put together. I just started off the game and the vibe i get is amazing. Will update this review after im done with the game. For now its a really good game :D
76561198107082051,Not Recommended,281940,20617850,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Someone,"Game ends on a cliff hanger and apperently the company is bankrupt now so no second, also the controls are to weird one moment fowerd becomes nothing at all and don't even get me started with the camra angles I think I will have ptsd flash backs of those."
76561198077244518,Recommended,281940,20613001,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Ｃｒ４ｗＬ１ｎ９,First when I heard about this game I thought that is just somecheap American McGee's Alice but now Red Hood.I was wrong and I give this game a go.Love the soundtrack and atmosphere in this game.Its fun to jump and slice enemys. But since im bad in 2.5 platforming I got stuck on jumping places.But when you die 10 or 20 more time you get hang off it .Too bad its short game. But if you want to lose couple of hours on fun  its worth the price .
,Recommended,281940,20658693,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Nimu Chan,"good- how it is fairy tale based, dark jokes, the map is pretty.bad- 1. the weird camera and cotrol system2. bugs3. lack of voice acting4. lack of story stop points and makes you restart entire chapter5. story is not completed, and company is not deciding to fix the game + continue the story due to the lack of fundsbut still you will get addicted to it, and cnt stop playing :)"
,Not Recommended,281940,20654026,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Shabnakh-adyr,"The script alone is reason enough to not buy this. Seriously, watch some gaemplay footage on YouTube. The rhyming and attempts at what I assume to be humor are absolutely grating."
,Not Recommended,281940,20707280,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,DIA%,"I really wanted this game to be good... but it's such a waste of a perfectly nice concept...The aesthetics are really nice, specially the forest. That's where it holds a resemblance to Alice: Madness Returns, but the playability is what makes me not recommend this game.The awkward combat, the blabbering narration, the insta-deaths..They really should've focused less on making it ""look good"". There's no point in that if it doesn't FEEL good when you play it...Such a pity.Also, takes an hour and a half to finish the game. I would play a continuation though. Hopefully someone picks it up and makes a decent sequel ):"
76561198047385636,Recommended,281940,20580960,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cavador Absolon,Nice Game more Jump 'n Run then Hack'n Slay it's like Amarican Mc Gees Alice but not so Creepy By the way the Artdesign is Beautiful made and for roundaboud 3 - 4 Bugs a nice game for paying between.Its not thad big game you play it 3 -4 hours by  ....i red [ i play it actualy ]
76561198220594280,Recommended,281940,20529486,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,AndreiP,"Update: Bought the game for 3,3 $....gor the granny card at the end....solt it with 3.5 $...+ other cards for 0,15$. you get paid to play this game.This game remind me of my childhood. Graphics are nice. Story is nice. The art in this game is verry nice and in a style that brings back old time. There are many game mechanics, especially in combat (for this type of game). Levels are well done, the amount of detail in them is pretty nice...even some lore. This game isn't verry popular like other games, wich is sad.Now i know there are games like Trine 2,3 wich are more complex...but this game shines in the atmosphere that it creates.This game is worth 10$...and if you get it at special price like me(3,4$) this game is a steal and it manages to bring back a lots of feelings.  If you like magic worlds this is for you.Buy it."
,Recommended,281940,20608359,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LunaLuvsU,"I personally love the game,the graphics is beautiful. Battle system is okay,not that great.I'm having a love-hate thing for this game though. Controls did♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but that's just me...Woolfe - RHD gave me imaginary blue balls when the sentence popped on the screen , ""To be continued...""I really want more ! GIVE ME MOREE ! Dx"
76561198052579377,Recommended,281940,20595734,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,qypea,"A bit short, but a good little game to play through. Intriguing twist on the classic characters"
,Recommended,281940,20592181,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dandi,"A beautiful and atmospheric platformer, Woolfe - The Red Hood Diaries is a wonderful new take on the classic tale, much like Spicy Horse/American McGee's ""Alice: Madness Returns"". A gripping game which had me in its claws from start to finish."
,Not Recommended,281940,20621025,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mr_Ward,"I like the look of the game, and the whole twisted fairytail thing it's got going on is cool. Mostly though playing this was just frustrating because the camera being bad in places, and at the boss fight with Woolfe I some how bugged out the fight so that you can only get so far. I believe the only way I can fix this would be to restart the entire level. Which really pisses me off. I guess for the $3.39 I payed for it I'm not completly dissapointed, but because of bugs and such I would not recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,281940,20619628,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Jesco,"I haven't played much of this game, but from what I have played. If you liked American McGee's Alice and Alice: The Madness Returns, this game is a must have!The only con with this game is the default keyboard layout, although you can change it rather easily and it also supports a controller."
76561198216066537,Not Recommended,281940,24931210,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,vipersagara,"The games storyline is what drew me in and I caved and bought it, When I started the game the cinimatics and voice acting was amazing but then the gameplay started. Red started spinning on the spot wherever she went, it was clunky and this would cause me to die. I only played the game for about half an hour to an hour max and n the end it was how bad the gameplay was that made me quit.Hoping others had better experiences but for me I was quite upset by my experience."
76561198074103296,Recommended,281940,25816652,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheRevengersgirl,"This game has the making of something really good, the art is beautiful and there seemed to be thought behind the game.That being said, this game needed just a bit more. The story was eh ane the game play was clunky. Some times things would work and other times it would.If you give this game a try remember it's short and unfinished.I enjoyed my time playing the game but I wouldn't say everyone should give it a go. if you looking for a short platfomer with some eh fighting parts and pretty graphics then this game is one that I would give a try, though wait for it to go on sell."
,Recommended,281940,21602522,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Chambill,"I originally did not recommend this game. But seeing it recently got only 40% recommendation, I think it's time to balance it out, because I think the game should definitely score higher than 4 out of 10.I got the game on sale for, if I remember it correctly, 5$. And for 5 $, this game is worth it. For 10$, this game is not worth it, as it is an unfinished product.The studio that originally developed the game went bankrupt, so there is no sequel, no further support. The good news is that at the time I have finished the game (which is a long time after I purchased and originally played it and gave up due to a glitch), there are only few twerks and bugs left (well, not really bugs, just poor coding/physics collision). Therefore, the game is definitely playable at this time.The best thing of this game is its art style and interesting diaries. BUT THAT'S IT.The majority content of this game is mediocore--the story (had a lot of potential, but since the studio went bankrupt...), the voice acting, no hints on most of the levels (sometimes could be really annoying), and so on.The core combat system is pretty lacking in the game, it feels like it is from a game that came out pre-21st century, in which you can only do light/heavy attack and four magic attacks. No combos, no fancy stuff.The lacking of the combat system is related to the lacking of enemy types, there are only three types of normal enemies, with two bosses. So later on in the game, fighting these minions can be very boredom.The 2.5D design is another down point for the game, especially later on in the game where you have to jump a lot, 2.5D doesn't give the player the best sense of distance and space, and because of that, I have fell down many, many , many times. It would be so much better if it were a 3D platformer.All in all, I'd give this game 5 out of 10, and for the sympathy of the dev, 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,281940,25223997,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Allec,"I'm recommending this game because there isn't an ""Meh, maybe?""  option. Overall? I liked it, but I'm tentative to recommend it because it's not a polished game.First off don't let my run time fool you -- I left the game running over night. It's really a short game; maybe 3 or 4 hours? But if you get the game on sale for $7 or something, it is worth the price.The gameplay is a bit polarized. Either it works really well, or it doesn't work at all. Most of the platforming was okay and I didn't have any issues, but yet there were a few ocassions of clicking to jump and the game not responding.I am particular peeved at the boss battles. There's two of them, and each one includes instant-kill attacks. I really, really hate instant-kill attacks. Especially when I'm full health.The story is overall good. Nothing award winning, but it is a decent video game plot. The voice acting wasn't bad either, which a lot of games struggle with. I am a bit iffy on the ending, since it's a cliff hanger and I'm not sure if that'll ever be resolved.Visually the game is well done. It picks an art style and pulls it off well.So I liked it, but I can understand why it has mixed reviews. You definitely have to forgive some flaws with the game -- such as the instant-kill boss attack."
76561198102831071,Recommended,281940,25521205,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Crism,"the game looks and sounds very nice but has some major bugs in it that can effect gameplay, 2 major problems i have is 1 the camera makes it really hard to see where youre going, and with that being said problem 2 is the jumping theirs lots of times you cant see where your going to land aswell as the ledge grabbing is very hit and miss which can really break my experience with a game, its not fun dying over and over again cuz you cant see where your going or if even the direction your going is the right way"
76561198106443114,Recommended,281940,31452106,Posted: 29 April,all,Troublemaker,i really like the story. it made me push my self to finish it
,Not Recommended,281940,34050518,Posted: 5 August,all,Peebman,"Worth the $3.50 I paid for it but that's about it. Controls are clunky, animations are bad, voice acting is sketchy (when doing voice work, clear pronunciation and emphasis is key but the VA for Red over emphasises most plosives and it's just bad), dialogue is really goofy and bad, they really push just how ""tough and badass"" Red is meant to be, combat is wonky and there's a lot of instant death moments during boss fights, so on and so on. If you've got a couple bucks to burn and you're bored, pick it up. If not, avoid it like that plague."
,Recommended,281940,34353709,Posted: 19 August,all,nauxwarr,"The story behind the game is great. It is a Grime Tales style of Red Riding Hood, its controls are a little different but playing 5 minutes I got used to them. The only real downside I see for this game is that it just ends at a huge cliffhanger. Right after you beat the main  bad guy, it starts to introduce a second enemy and then Credits. But besides that the gameplay is fun, challenging and puzzleish, (depending on silent or deadly approach)."
76561197980796094,Recommended,281940,18588070,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,witness1,"Of all good games out there, this would have needed to be continued.I am very sorry, that the company went bancrupt. They didn't deserve that. Sure, there are some graphical artifacts and combat could be smoother, but all in all this was a very (!) enjoyable experience, recommended to everyone, who love an intriguing story. The levels are astonishing, the setting is most unique and Red Riding Hood is a badass!It did everything right the big developers get wrong so many times. A strong independent female protagonist, an emotional attachement within minutes of the game, great understanding of game elements and much more.Give Grin Productions' successors your love (money), although the game is short and sadly not continued. The game deserves it nonetheless!Follow me as a curator athttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/?appid=298050"
,Not Recommended,281940,34825829,Posted: 8 September,all,Jotun,"This game disappoints, sadly. There are elements that're fun (and maybe even fantastic) about it - the premise, the presentation, the graphics.. It's just a shame that those things don't weigh up against the game's shortcomings. The combat is pretty damn awful. It feels incredibly unsatisfying and clunky, and even a single enemy can at times bring you down without too much effort on Normal difficulty. The writing is pretty awful, the story's a mess. The animations seem lazy and are downright bad. Not to mention there's some pretty big bugs; when I encountered the Pied Piper in the sewer, the game lost it's mind and he froze in place (along with a duplicate of Red), with their conversation playing out in subs alone.A real shame. I wanted this to be better."
76561197965405864,Recommended,281940,35128720,Posted: 22 September,all,DooM SlaYer,"Nice storyline and level design..Some classic platform interaction, and the fighting part is quite easy. Buy it during the sales, it's a very short game, Shame cause the background is really cool.."
